  i did it here because i wanted him to get another notification , because i had reason to suspect he had already looked at the first comment and moved on . 
  yeah , of course . 
  that 's why the distinction is important between voting for your local member and voting for the party you prefer . 
  in cases where a member leaves the party , they are still your rep , and just move to the cross bench . 
  haha yeah , i have had it , just never known it by the shorthand name . 
  it 's always been frozen yoghurt to me . 
  it 's also way overpriced , at least at the places i 've seen it , but that not really relevant . 
  i ca n't tell , is he complaining about the grammatical error error of using an apostrophe when talking about a decade , or merely the annoyingness of people who talk about how they were so lucky to grow up in the 90s . 
  either way , well done . 
  no , i 'm still subbed to / r/funny and / r/pics, 
  have n't seen anything related to that , though ... could it be that those posts were only happening in a certain time zone ? 
  ah , right , thanks for the info . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'm the same , i tend not to notice what subreddit something is . 
  i know this is a month old now , but i just came across it so i 'll chime in . 
  one of the best students in my yeargroup was super lazy . 
  he hardly ever did any work . 
  for maths hl , when we were working on our coursework , he never bothered doing any of the work early to take it to the teacher to check at the times she set aside for just that , no , he always left it to the last minute . 
  he ended up getting something like 42 points , with only one of that being a bonus point . 
  six 7s and one 6 . 
  an hour or more of exercise per day ? 
  holy hell that 's a lot . 
  i consider myself a fairly active athlete ( well , not at the moment , but in general ) , but there 's no way i would exercise an hour a day unless i were training for a specific major event ( half marathon , marathon , iron man , etc. ) . 
  still , apart from that it was a really cool survey , i hope your sister will share the results with us !, 
  ( oh , also there was a mistake with ages x -- 18 , 18 -- y , stuff like that . ), 
  done . 
  can we perhaps find out what exactly this is for ? 
  wow , appa 's really let himself go . 
  holy hell !, 
  well done , then !, 
  / r/truevertical ? 
  i did n't actually play it , so correct me if i 'm wrong , but i thought diablo had some much-touted feature unavailable at launch , did n't it ? 
  i 'm thinking auction house . 
  could be mistaking it for something else , or completely making it up , though . 
  oh fair enough . 
  thanks for the info . 
  seems great !, 
  the areas of knowledge are ( in nearly all cases ) implicit to the real life situation and knowledge issue . 
  in this case , probably ethics and human science . 
  you should try to limit your ways of knowing to two or three , you want depth rather than breadth in your presentation . 
  `` only '' be up to a college sophomore ? 
  we do n't use those words where i am , but as i understand it that 's second year . 
  i would have thought if you 're in high school and doing second year university work , that 's probably a major bonus . 
  as much as i hate the guns prevent guns argument , no , this is n't good . 
  it 's an * incredibly * bad example ( or good example , depending on how you see it ) of a false analogy -- a type of logical fallacy . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  my intuition had me thinking a higher pulling force would be a better thing because it would result in less accidental shots . 
  thanks for correcting that . 
  also , for anyone who comes across this , the deleted comment said `` what does 12 lb v 5 lb have to do with anything ? '', 
  that 's true , that 's what the guns are for . 
  that does n't mean that it is the best choice for a person to use the gun immediately whenever faced with a threat . 
  if it can be solved in a non-lethal way ( as this was ) without risking third parties ' or cops ' lives , then so much the better . 
  it does n't quite say they had only ever met in wow . 
  i assumed they 'd probably communicated by skype or something similar , so they had seen each other , at least . 
  still a bit odd , but probably a ** lot ** less odd than it would be only having * ever * met in wow . 
  yeah that does kinda suck , but that want my comment . 
  i was just similarly confused . 
  that said , i feel it is fairly obvious , if one thinks about it for a moment . 
  the thing is , it 's not something that you would ever think to think about , i 'd that makes sense . 
  thanks again for the explanation . 
  i put my australian post code and it accepted that . 
  they 're 4 digits , and as i understand it , us ones are 5 , so i do n't think it matters . 
  yeah . 
  \u314b is the korean symbol which represents a sound closest to the latin alphabet 's k. it 's like going kkkkkkkkk . 
  if you like beethoven , try his piano sonatas . 
  8 , 14 , 23 , are my favourites , among many others . 
  you also mentioned tchaikovsky , i assume you 've heard complete versions of 1812 overture ( as opposed to just the finale or abridged versions ) , as well as his amazing symphonies , capriccio italien , and marche slave . 
  schubert 's quartets are awesome , i 'm a particular fan of death and the maiden ( quartet in d minor ) , though that could perhaps have come more from having studied the play than its actual musical value ( though i 'd like to believe not ) . 
  if you like mahler , but want less depressing , try his first symphony . 
  it 's certainly not `` cheery '' by any measure , but not as depressing as many of his later ones . 
  also , if you listen to the adagietto from the 5th , try thinking of it as it was intended -- a love song -- rather than its common interpretation today : a funeral piece . 
  if you do n't like mozart 's earlier symphonies , try some of his later works . 
  his 41st symphony is great , and the requiem is simply amazing . 
  his concertos are also brilliant , his clarinet concerto is easily one of the greatest works for the instrument , but the same can be said for most of mozart 's wind and brass concertos . 
  try dvorak , i think that based on what you 've said so far , you 'll like his style . 
  start with symphony no . 
  9 `` from the new world '' , bloody amazing . 
  i 'm also really fond of berlioz 's symphonie fantastique , and ravel 's `` bol\u00e9ro '' , your tastes seem fairly similar to mine ( though i love stravinsky , and though i , too , find mahler depressing , i also find it incredibly beautiful and probably would n't point out how depressing it is were i to write a similar profile ) . 
  i 'd also point you to some that may stretch you a bit too far ( in that they are n't quite to your taste , not that they 're too complex or anything elitist like that ) , sibelius 's symphonies and tone poems . 
  particularly symphony no . 
  1 , and the tone poem finlandia . 
  others have mentioned rachmaninov , and they 've put some great examples , as well as more berlioz , and a few others . 
  what part do you play ? 
  some games give access to betas or other actually useful content for pre-ordering . 
  [ planetary annihilation ] ( https://store.uberent.com/store/preorder?titleid=4&amp;sessionid=7hqbgh5bdx ) is a good example . 
  ( and having backed the kickstarter would have been even better deals , though with higher risk . ), 
  non sequiturs are fun !, 
  do you have to ? 
  the upcoming federal election will be my first , but i thought you only give preference as far as you want , and then stop . 
  is that wrong ? 
  do you rank all the candidates in your electorate in order ? 
  if my initial guess was right , you could , in theory , throw away your vote by voting 1 green and then not placing a second or subsequent vote . 
  edit : i 'll just add , if my initial guess is wrong , then there 's a ( theoretical ) flaw in the system . 
  that would mean that if either of the major parties does not run in any electorate , unless a minor party actually ends up * winning * that electorate , it 's basically a free seat for whichever major party does have a candidate . 
  if it were n't for your text , i would have thought that said please solve yurl . 
  so , in many ways it 's exactly the same as why guys go there ( except perhaps the free drinks ) ? 
  it 's almost like they 're people , too . 
  hey , just curious , totally cool if you do n't want to answer ( though it 'd be nice to have an affirmative `` i 'd rather not say '' , as opposed to crickets chirping ) , what 're you here for and how long ? 
  moving here for work ? 
  temporarily here for work ? 
  on holiday ?
