   you do n't have an inalienable right to be a citizen of a country, 
  [ actually , you do ] ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/#atop ) ( see point 15 ) . 
  some countries may violate that right , but that does n't change the fact that it 's there . 
  this is the best schadenfreude . 
  that 8 dollar burger that you have to add tax on ( because the fucking companies do n't include that in the price like any normal part of the world ) and add a tip , and suddenly the price difference is a lot lower . 
  yeah , but most of them are either relatively easy to get out of without social stigma , or do n't involve a direct monetary component , or both . 
  not including taxes in prices , and socially-mandatory tipping are both essentially companies lying to customers about what the price of their goods or services are . 
  there are two * good * solutions to this . 
  or rather , one good one , and one for companies to make the best of a crap situation . 
  the first would be a uniform tax level . 
  everywhere else in the world seems to have it , there 's no good reason america could n't too . 
  all the arguments against this do work in theory , until you realise * everywhere else has the same problems , and it works anyway * . 
  the workaround would be to advertise on a national level the prices without tax , and explicitly state `` without tax '' . 
  then individual franchises would show the correct price in their local marketing material . 
  any internet material would detect location and show price based on that ( perhaps with the proviso that price is made based on an estimate of the user 's location ) . 
   i 'd rather pay an 8.25 % tax rate ( texas ) on sales than 9 % on everything i earn ,, 
  then you 're part of the problem . 
  that sales tax is regressive . 
  it means the wealthiest in the population pay the least in tax . 
  income taxes are typically progressive taxes , which means poorer people pay less , while the rich pay more . 
  it 's a fairer tax system . 
  ah , right . 
  fair enough . 
  it * looked * like the point was `` going to a restaurant is much more expensive in japan than america '' . 
  a lot of people would have pirated it before it was released . 
  remember , sony had said that they were n't going to release it * at all * before then . 
  at the time australia did n't have an 18 + category . 
  it was released for 15 + . 
  pretty sure / u/kxta knows this , and was just making a joke . 
  i may have to steal this comment for the next time i see someone say `` could care less '' . 
   i alas only got to be a fraternal twin with an evil twin sister . 
  yes . 
  the australia network is gone completely , and its replacement , australia plus , is n't available here . 
  might not be full pr , but imo it 's better . 
  tassy 's system has the perfect balance of maintaining a local representative accountable to their constituents , as well as having proportionality , but not giving the parties the power of controlling the list ( the awful consequence of new zealand 's horrible system ) . 
  it 's the system i 've been proposing since i saw it explained in [ this video with john cleese ] ( http://youtu.be/nsukma1cyhk ) , so i was ecstatic when i found out it 's what tasmania already uses in their system . 
  if we did this federally it would be fantastic , though you 'd probably need to increase the size of the hor in order for areas like wa and the nt to not have absurdly large electorates . 
  why the flip ? 
  keep the senate ( upper house ) unchanged , but merge some electorates in the house of reps ( lower house ) into groups of 4 -- 6 , whatever makes sense geographically ( each electorate would not need to be the same number ) . 
  [ this video describes how it would work ] ( http://youtu.be/nsukma1cyhk ) , though it 's in the uk where there are far more electorates . 
  to work well here you 'd probably need to add a few more seats before merging them , because country wa and nt are far too sparse to merge and still make any sense . 
  no , like the other guy said , i was making a game of thrones reference . 
  just wan na butt on to say that yes , nat ` ed or something like that ( not sure how it 's spelt , but that 's how you 'd pronounce it ) is indeed an accepted word . 
  only thing i missed from the times i got gold were the notifications for / u/username mentions . 
  and those are available to everyone now , so yay . 
  deleted . 
  what 'd it say ? 
   as i 'm the sole income-earner, 
  posted by the wife . 
  you do n't need paternity leave as a man if you do n't have a job that necessitates it . 
  if this is true , it 's absolutely fascinating . 
  got a source to back it up ? 
  this . 
  this is the same reason that the 70c to the male 's dollar thing is also not entirely unimportant . 
  yes , when you take into account job description and experience the pay gap closes significantly , but there are social reasons that women chose not to go onto the higher paying jobs , and as a society we should do something about it . 
  you know , that 's true . 
  you do n't see too many female tradies or garbos , for example . 
  how did it happen in your situation ? 
  because if the player said in advance ( as in , by the end of the previous session ) that they would not be able to make it , and set it up so that their character was doing something else in-universe , then i really do n't think that 's an excusable thing to do to someone else 's character . 
  if it was a last-minute drop-out , and there was no reason for the character to not be there , then it 's still pretty damn rude , but at least understandable . 
  to your first paragraph , many similar arguments were made in australia in the late '90s , but today everyone recognises that we 're far better off for it . 
  asking the consumer to work out the price that they 're going to pay is ** not ** a reasonable solution , it 's a horrible hacked response to the situation . 
  it * is * necessary the way things are now , but it really should not be . 
  i 'm only going to address the last paragraph , because the story from the second paragraph is really cool , but i do n't have much to add . 
  but it is * really * awesome . 
  i do hope you share more details to this subreddit as they come . 
  the mechanisation of `` backgrounds '' along with the strong recommendation of including bonds , flaws , etc. 
  ( though there 's no real mechanics tied to these , other than the suggestion that dms give inspiration for playing them up ) is one of my favourite things about 5e . 
  it really encourages players to think that stuff through , and for dms to encourage their players to do it ( which is particularly important for newer groups ) . 
  but it 's also worth mentioning that 4e had something like this , too . 
  backgrounds provided small bonuses related to your background , and themes were an entire extra layer along with class and race that gave new powers and bonuses as you leveled up . 
  they just were n't very emphasised , since backgrounds did n't get added until phb2 , and themes were n't added until even later . 
  far more importantly , though , i think all of this mechanisation is ultimately irrelevant . 
  players are the ones who have to actually make backstories for their characters , and some are going to do no more than pick one of the backgrounds from the handbook , pick a bond/flaw/etc . 
  that either vaguely fits or seems like it wo n't hinder them too much , or just roll for it . 
  some people just are n't going to care enough to make a proper backstory for their characters . 
  other players are going to think about all the details of their character 's childhood and activities prior to becoming an adventurer , and will try to work with the dm to get those involved in the game in some way . 
  my group plays 4e , and we 've got at least three people ( in a group of 7 , including the dm ) who have written up detailed backstories of at least a couple of pages . 
  these same players have had some great chances to play to that backstory by meeting old friends from their past , and by having major villains in the plot be a part of the same organisation the player has a history of encountering . 
  this sort of thing is really equally possible in 4e as it would have been in versions prior to that , and it is in 5e . 
  while 5e gives a much appreciated nudge in the right direction , it is n't going to force people who are n't interested in that , and the lack of it in prior versions did n't prevent people from it , either . 
  sorry for the rambling , i was having trouble getting my point across more concisely without it sounding `` edition wars-y '' , which i really did n't want . 
  oh man i love it . 
  i assume he played it as though artie had n't quite made the connection between his party dying and him killing the cross gang ? 
  because that sounds really fun . 
  alternatively , if he had played it as though he was really cold , and saw the killing of his previous party as justified if it meant killing the cross gang members -- and hence that final comment was dry wit -- that also sounds like a really fun character to play with . 
  would just have to keep my eyes open , make sure he does n't do something similar to me !, 
  i keep a character sheet , that 's it . 
  i keep a screenshot of each of my powers in a folder ( of organised subfolders by type of power ) on my computer , and reference that when i need to look something up . 
  all the non-mechanical stuff i just keep in my noggin . 
  occasionally if i think a particular specific point is important , i 'll just it down in a notepad , but the rest of it i just remember . 
   hd-dvd might be winning over blu-ray, 
  i thought one of the biggest reasons blu-ray won out was because of backing from sony , and in particular the ps3 -- which was for many people their first or only blu-ray player . 
  so , i 'm currently on a computer without any office suite , so i ca n't really take a look at it right now , but this sounds absolutely incredible . 
  i just wonder , is there any chance you could make this into a standalone application ? 
  preferably java ( since it 's the easiest to share cross-platform ) , but really anything would be awesome . 
  also his n is a mirror image of a correct n ( unless that 's just my mobile app messing with things ) , and the r is just awful . 
  | 2 , really ? 
  it is a hack in the sense that it 's a clumsy and forced way of going about things , since there 's no actual setting to allow the user to change it in a more elegant way . 
  sort of like how you might say the result of some really poorly thought out code ( that still technically produces the correct result ) is a `` hacked '' solution .
