  best thing howard ever did . 
  i fail to see how that matters . 
  * games from valve are released on steam , and only on steam . 
  * some games from ea are only playable on origin . 
  it seems exactly the same thing , to me , and yet people hate on ea but ** love ** valve and its steam . 
  personally i have never used origin , and try to keep as far away from steam as i can . 
  for context : i like being able to chat while i 'm in a game , and the easy screenshot taking and management is nice , but i prefer to add my games as `` non-steam '' games to ensure the only thing i use steam for is those features . 
  you 've been downvoted , it seems , but i see what you 're getting at . 
  fair enough . 
  not sure i agree , but it makes sense anyway . 
  well said . 
  take an upvote . 
  just one thing . 
   programmatic stuff from the baroque period, 
  hmm . . ? 
  to what do you refer here . 
  was it a slip of the tongue ( the fingers ) or is it some piece i 've not heard about ? 
  if the latter , what is it ? 
  i 've found that this * sometimes * works , but often it happens as the guy before you described , too . 
  is it ? 
  i 've always deliberately not used `` nor '' except in cases of `` neither ... nor '', 
  that was my first thought , but it seems that only one note sounds wrong , so that would n't be it . 
  find a piano , play an a on the piano . 
  play a b on the clarinet , then play a c . if the b sounds the same as the piano , you have a bb clarinet , if the c sounds the same you have an a clarinet . 
  that said , it 's unlikely you have an a clarinet , as that would cause all notes to sound one semitone lower , not just middle e. 
  it probably is a problem with a pad , or even the lever . 
  i 'd say one of the keys is n't working how it should , but without seeing it for myself i ca n't say which . 
  middle e-flat is more like a d-sharp in how it 's fingered ( i.e. , you play a d and then add keys , not play an e and add keys ) , so this does seem a really bizarre problem . 
  if you play a high b ( same fingering as middle e , plus the register key ) does it sound like a b-flat or is it correct ? 
  edit : by the way , you seem to have misunderstood the terminology in parent 's comment . 
  by asking `` are all the notes flat '' ( s ) he 's asking if all notes sound one semitone lower than it should , `` not are all the notes out of tune ? 
  you think i should , , add an extra comma ? 
  oh right ... that makes a lot more sense . 
  nope , i ca n't say i have experienced this . 
  i never use usb headsets , though . 
  i 've switched between on-board audio and various devices using 3.5 mm ( headphones , earphones , external speakers ) . 
  that could be the reason i 've not had the some problem . 
  ( 10.7.5 , mbp 13 ' from 2010 , chrome 24.0.1312.40 beta ), 
  i saw [ this video about tau ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpv1uv0rd8u ) yesterday . 
  i was * really * skeptical at the start , i just thought `` this is bullshit , people wanting to change because it 's cool to be different , or because some weird equation they use works better '' . 
  but when he started talking about teaching angles in radians it made so much more sense . 
  tau is a full circle , half tau is half a circle , a quarter of tau is a quarter of a circle . 
  with pi you have to use awkward fractions like 4/3 pi is three quarters of a circle . 
  i am now converted . 
  best thing about this post is all the comments about how shit it is . 
  probably meant the itunes store sucks . 
  that said , it 's unbearably awful on windows in its bloatty-ness , and honestly not all that much better on macs . 
  regarding slye use of the term state i thought it was clear what he meant . 
  not state as the us and australia have , but state as in `` sovereign state '' , a general term for any country with its own ability to govern independently and which is not `` owned '' or a part of some other sovereign entity . 
  i 've probably absolutely butchered that definition and i hope someone can correct me , but i think i got the point mostly across . 
  `` britain '' is an island . 
  specifically the largest island off the coasts of france and germany in the atlantic . 
  it comprises mainland england , scotland , and wales . 
  i do n't know about sweden 's situation so i wo n't comment . 
  but i will complain about switzerland 's neutrality . 
  they could have just stayed out of it entirely and i would be happy , but they did n't . 
  switzerland made a profit off of the war through trade with germany and refused asylum to jews fleeing the nazis, 
  no , it does n't make you a bad person . 
  i felt very little emotion around this , too , until i read the personal account of someone from that town that 's on the front page at the moment . 
  of course , that 's not to say that anyone should feel emotion upon reading that , just that it definitely spoke to me , somehow . 
  i 've got an idea for how we could turn this subreddit into something more useful . 
  i do n't know about everyone else , but i 've got dozens of compositions i started but never got around to finishing , or doing much at all with . 
  maybe we could turn it into a place where people share such works and other people can have a hand at finishing it , or other similar types of interactions involving feeding the composition forward . 
  if that picks up enough traffic , maybe we could do quarterly ( or monthly , or whatever ) projects like the last one we tried as well . 
  i do n't know exactly , i have n't really thought much further than exactly what i 've written so far . 
  it 's just a general idea at the moment , but i think we could probably expand upon it and set up the subreddit as one with a small but active community of composers . 
  in korean , \ub124 ( transliterated an `` nae '' ) means yes . 
   * little * woman, 
  born in '94 and used floppy disks in primary school . 
  not * true * floppy disks , but those little ones . 
   whether biblical or societal, 
  i 'm an atheist , but with respect to this i hope i 'm wrong and they can get some good old-fashioned old testament biblical justice . 
  i breezed through all of my igcses ( in the years i think americans would call freshman and sophmore ) , and then most of the first year of ib . 
  after that it got hard . 
  from everything i 've heard , apart from medicine and engineering , if you 've done ib , university will be roughly the same level of difficulty or lower . 
  not that that matters to me , i start my engineering course in february . 
  this , for me , is the only reason i do n't completely abandon office for google drive . 
  if it 's feasible you should also look in to carbonite for back ups . 
  automatic , so you do n't have to remember to do it . 
  online , do you can get it back even if everything gets destroyed in a natural disaster or stolen in a robbery . 
  approximately $ 5 a month for your entire internal drive . 
  so basically , treat it exactly as you would reviews of a gadget of something else you want to buy online . 
  trust quality written reviews ( positive or negative , and also balanced ones ) more than the sheer number of 1 vs 5 star reviews . 
  i always see people apologising for their english in perfectly fluent comments . 
  i wish native speakers would apologise when they add random apostrophes that do n't make sense and then leave them out where they 're needed . 
  fair enough , that really makes sense . 
  just so you know , if you 're a second language english speaker , based on that last comment your english is really good . 
  yeah that 's definitely true from what i 've noticed with all the second language speakers i 've known . 
  that said , this guy right here had amazing english . 
  i certainly never would have picked him for a non-native speaker . 
  i saw this story on / r/technology , but it just said `` isp walks ... '' so i upvoted and moved on without bothering to go to the comments or the story thinking `` oh cool , some american isp is taking action '' . 
  find out it 's here in australia , damn , good job iinet !, 
  have been living in vietnam . 
  was lucky to get 1.5 down , never measured up speed but it always seemed pretty good when compared to down ( i 'd estimate 0.5-ish ) . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  ah , fair point , actually . 
  the same reason you buy a 500 gb hard drive and it only has 480 gb when you plug it in ( made that number up , too lazy to actually do the calculation ) . 
  is overhead the right word to use to explain this difference , though ? 
  honest question , though i do suspect it probably is n't the best terminology . 
   look up introvert in google , and you get this : `` a shy , reticent , and typically self-centered person . '',
