  i 've just got back from a 3 month hiatus and i really hate this new rule . 
  it ruins that bit of strategy , especially on maps like iron , of working together as a team to try and get as many pups as possible right off the bat . 
  i like the idea , but imo the characters that most need 4e 's at-will powers to return are the martial ones . 
  starting yesterday i started getting a new notification system that 's not as good as the old one , but still way , way better than the youtube one . 
  it 's that what you 're getting ? 
  / u/zwets is correct . 
  this post is not complete enough to satisfy post requirement 1 , and it 's being removed . 
  the arcana forge megathread would be the most appropriate place for it , or possibly / r/dndnext . 
   in the second inning, 
  careful now , this is n't baseball . 
  innings is both singular and plural in cricket . 
   a national disaster that made 9/11 look like a normal day type of thing, 
  anyone who challenges this clearly does n't know just how important cricket is . 
  i know this was just an analogy , but since australia is one of the grand slam nations , would n't it have been better to use the court type the australian open uses as the archetypal australian one ? 
  or are hard court specialists not really a thing ? 
  i honestly do n't know , i do n't follow tennis very closely . 
  kinda just curious . 
  ah okay , that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  it was pretty cool to see australia 's spin bowlers get a chance to really shine this match . 
  i have n't been this impressed with an aussie spinner 's performance since warne , i do n't think . 
  yeah i know that . 
  all i meant was that because it 's a spin friendly pitch , and the selectors chose a very strong spinner line up of bowlers , australia 's spin attack in this match was really evident in a way i have n't noticed it being since warne . 
  in that respect , who it was facing is largely incidental . 
  that was actually a choreography and cinematography problem , not an effects problem . 
  the five guys do something we do n't see . 
  the tiny pebble was someone else who we see a little later working on his own . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  this guy 's story is probably fake , but i heard a really interesting story recently that is apparently generally believed to be true , about a time when [ bill gates went down to tech support at microsoft and took a call for someone ] ( https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20091123-00/?p=15943 ) . 
  seems too good a story to be true , but it 's apparently been reported by reputable guy with experience talking about microsoft . 
  if you ca n't work out from context what it means , then i really do n't know how to help you mate . 
  the heavy attack points use a design that is very deeply unidiomatic to 5e design . 
  encounter powers are not a thing in this edition . 
  you should instead have these points refresh on a short rest . 
  you 're also giving a huge amount of stuff at level 3 . 
  any one of these abilities could , on their own , be the major feature given by the archetype . 
  possibly along with a minor non-combat feature , like how the battlemaster gets a tool proficiency . 
  but the parrying thing , the heavy attacks , and the combos all combined are just a little too much to give all at once . 
  i would drop the parrying thing completely , and make the combos a later level ability . 
  the whole combo thing needs to be much better explained . 
  i * think * i have a vague idea of how it works , but i 'm not entirely sure . 
  do combos have to be declared ahead of time , or can you go `` oh yeah , i just realised i basic attack last turn and used my first attack as a heavy attack this turn . 
  if i make a heavy attack now , i could use judge , jury , & executioner '' ? 
  it would also be really beneficial to this if it were to have a second pass on the phrasing and grammar . 
  a few occasions use the structure `` if/when this then this '' , when it should be `` if/when this , then this '' , with the comma . 
  the combo save dc calculation has pretty glaring formatting errors . 
  and at least one occasion would benefit from attempting to match the phrasing with that from the phb . 
  the wording of heavy attack , for example , should probably be altered to look more similar to the half-orc 's savage attacks ; do n't reinvent the wheel . 
  i 'm personally partial to the oxford comma , too ; in my opinion , `` judge , jury & executioner '' feels awkward without it . 
  and of course , always remember that `` it 's '' means `` it is '' , and never `` belonging to it '' . 
  there are a few other wording problems , but just reading through the whole thing out loud to yourself should help you spot them . 
  this is a really neat idea , with some solid mechanical concepts behind it . 
  with a little tweaking it could be a great option . 
  but it does have some pretty glaring flaws at the moment . 
  damn dude . 
  how did you find the university ? 
  i assumed it was in wa due to the swans and the vaguely southern-cross-like marking , but i * still * could n't find what university it was . 
  you can read that ? 
  like i said , i narrowed it down correctly to wa based on the seal , bit still did n't manage to find the correct one . 
  that 's what amazed me . 
  i did n't think of googling that bit . 
  i tried `` graduate diploma of creative industries '' , which was useless , and `` graduate diploma of creative industries specialisation in photomedia '' , which in retrospect * did * turn up the correct result , but for me it had central queensland university and qut ( both unis in my own state ) higher up , and when i saw those two i must have bailed on the search . 
  also tried googling for the names of the chancellor and vice-chancellor , but i guess i read those wrong . 
  thought the chancellor was wendy , and the vice-chancellor was ko lox or kd lox . 
  ah well . 
  it probably was . 
  in fact , the ceo probably does a lot of the support . 
  but because he 's not trained properly in support , everything he does is shit . 
  with the healing thing , why not just have them unable to be healed by things which state they can not heal undead . 
  it would take out most of the standard healing spells , but let healing potions , hit dice , and a few other abilities continue to work . 
  you mention allowing * mending * to heal . 
  first off , if you 're going to do this , you need to explain how it works , since it does n't have any healing mechanics built in to it . 
  but second , and far , far more importantly , you ** can not ** allow a cantrip to heal . 
  even 1 hp is game breaking , because it makes it possible to easily enter every single fight with full hp . 
  you 'll get much better feedback if you submit this to / r/unearthedarcana , a subreddit dedicated to homebrew review . 
  i have a love/hate relationship with the way movement , oas , and flanking works in 5e . 
  on the one hand , not using flanking rules is utter nonsense . 
  just based on logic , it does n't make sense that you * would n't * get a pretty substantial bonus for flanking . 
  on the other , advantage is really powerful , and normally relatively difficult to get , and flanking is really really easy to get , thanks to 5e 's oa rules , so giving advantage for flanking messes with things quite a lot . 
  my group has settled on a +2 static bonus for flanking against medium or smaller creatures . 
  we 're currently not using any movement-related house rules . 
  but we 've tried a few , because the existing rules cause some pretty serious problems . 
  notably , the fact that you could spend your entire turn sprinting round and round in circles ( up to 90 ft. for a rogue without using any magic !, 
  ) , but still not provoke any opportunity attack . 
  while on the other hand , taking just * one * step backwards somehow * does * provoke an oa . 
  we 've tried a bunch of different things , but none of them stuck , for various reasons . 
  the one we used for the longest time , and which works okay , except that one player at our table never quite managed to understand how it works , was to allow a player to expend all their movement for the turn taking a 5 ft. move that does n't provoke oa . 
  like a mini-disengage that costs the rest of your movement instead of an action . 
  the `` run around in circles '' thing is pretty nice for creating smooth , flowing combats , so we do n't get rid of it , as painful as the rule might be for realism and balancing flanking . 
  paladins . 
  it 's `` paladins '' . 
  there 's no need for an apostrophe in there \\* .
