  the situation is spiralling out of control , croatia once again dumped thousands of migrants along the border during the night , slovenia can not handle them . 
  there are fights among the people waiting , there was even a stabbing this morning ( [ sta link ] ( https://english.sta.si/2189499/man-wounded-in-clash-between-refugees ) ) . 
  there are thousands waiting in fields ( without care ) because the camps are full , they end up walking to centres because there are n't enough buses , there 's also a lack of food ( mostly because of distribution issues ) and aid workers everywhere . 
  retired police are getting called back in to help because it will take a week for the army law amendments to take effect . 
  ( copy of my comment from the de-listed thread ), 
  this time with a proper ( hopefully ) non-pay-walled english link , which is a translation of what the slovenian press agency issued ( [ sta ] ( https://english.sta.si/2189453/police-figures-show-refugee-numbers-rising-over-34-000-entered-so-far ) ) . 
  if something else is posted it 's not a reputable enough/low effort post . 
  if it 's the national news agency i 'd have to fork out money for a 100 words i 've read elsewhere . 
  there 's no winning it seems . 
  thanks for the moderation . 
  i do not have access . 
  it 's the first and most reputable source which also provides english translations swiftly . 
  i can paste a few more slovenian articles but they 're mostly those doing live coverage . 
  the situation is spiralling out of control , croatia once again dumped thousands of migrants along the border during the night , slovenia can not handle them . 
  there are fights among the people waiting , there was even a stabbing this morning ( [ sta link ] ( https://english.sta.si/2189499/man-wounded-in-clash-between-refugees ) ) . 
  there are thousands waiting in fields ( without care ) because the camps are full , they end up walking to centres because there are n't enough buses , there 's also a lack of food ( mostly because of distribution issues ) and aid workers everywhere . 
  retired police are getting called back in to help because it will take a week for the army law amendments to take effect . 
  12.600 migrants have entered slovenia on wednesday , a number higher than the hungarian daily record recorded on 23 . 
  i guess it 's a bit different for outsiders looking in compared to those following the local media , there were multiple reports of fires throughout the day , it was n't a question of whether the fire was started by refugees but whether it got out of control intentionally or by accident . 
  most media report the former , even those who said accident at first switched . 
  no one will even be looking for proof as the group from there is already gone , possibly out of the country . 
  wait ... what comes after norway ? 
  iceland ? 
  or maybe going back home ? 
  the eu should really tackle the inflated expectations , maybe through social media . 
  show what the migrants can actually expect and they may think twice about paying thousands of euros for a trip that nets them a place in a tent with 10 other migrants . 
  did ask . 
  supposedly this is the more substantive/informative one , haha . 
  why the hell was it removed ? 
  because it 's not reuters/guardian/bbc ? 
  it takes a while before translations are written down , i feel like the thread was quite informative and posted about when it happened . 
  it also seems in line with community guidelines -- original article + translation . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pm181/refugees_burning_tents_in_slovenia_croatian/ still around . 
   when reading twitter well there 's your problem , reading twitter or comments under news , haha . 
  i am sympathetic as well , it 's a rough situation for everyone and minor things will happen . 
  it 's when things get our of control like the breakout in \u0160pilje or the burning of tents when i wish we had more police and army to send in to control it all . 
  we ca n't separate the few ( or more , who knows ) bad apples from the large group so we will have to be tolerant . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  i am against migration in this manner and into europe in general , but we will have to be tolerant of those that made/make it . 
  it wo n't be these people sleeping rough , they would have been transferred today anyway . 
  they just ruined everything for the next groups . 
  yep , same thing with the theft that happened yesterday and the appalling conditions the zavrc stadium was left in after refugees left . 
  the right media is trying to use it to show how bad the refugees coming in are and the mainstream left ignores , excuses , and bends the facts to suite the narrative . 
  they 're both absolute shit . 
  i really wish there was a quick way to separate actual refugees from all the entitled opportunists and even arsonists . 
  burning tents does damage on so many levels it 's ridiculous : it changes the public opinion and the opinion of all the aid workers/army/police , it stretches the supplies that are already spread thin , and it worsens the conditions for everyone there as well as those still to come . 
  it 's a shitty situation for all involved but burning things will only make it worse , how the fuck do n't they understand that ? 
  *** [ here 's a link to the first video of the incident . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/s_schwarzkopf/status/656737838785011712/video/1 ) *** 27 tents burned down , 19 are still usable . 
  the refugees will be transferred somewhere else in an hour . 
  not yet , we 're still not sure when the amendment goes into effect , usually it takes at least a week but it could be sooner . 
  they army is also not independent , they 're still under police command/coordination in such situations . 
  they were authorised to perform some of the duties the police has , mostly related to controlling and commanding crowds . 
  i guess there are two things mixed up in this conversation , dumping as in sending the migrants next to the border where they cross on their own and dumping them all along the border to force a policy change ( what milanovi\u0107 is doing at the moment ) . 
  i am quite certain that croatia would send all the migrants to agreed upon spots if there were no limits imposed and slovenia were to take them in quickly . 
  macedonia and serbia do the former version , organising transport for people from border to border . 
  this is exactly what milanovi\u0107 has in mind when he says the situation will balance out in a few days - he expects slovenia will start dumping migrants on austria as well . 
  greece , macedonia , serbia , and croatia do it . 
  hungary did it as well before closing down the borders . 
  then we get the photos and video we 've seen from last night , people walking in rain and cold for hours then waiting and walking some more because no one was prepared for something like this to happen . 
  at least today our police almost expects croatia will pull shit like this . 
  fuck the balkan ways , i still think we can at least try to be better than that . 
  the 4k number is probably for the whole day , austria was steadily accepting people at spielfeld . 
  however , 9k arrived in slovenia and this number is 2h old , still plenty of time to break 10k . 
  they 're slovenian . 
  they broke down the damn barriers and made a run for it , our police were pepper spraying them . 
  the only potential issue here is that the refugee centre is just a kilometre away from the austrian border , though that 's by design . 
  [ the second video ] ( http://www.kleinezeitung.at/s/steiermark/chronik/4847960/plotzlicher-ansturm_tausende-fluchtlinge-an-slowenischer-grenze ) has the police ~ ~ chief ~ ~ speaker explaining that the cooperation is as good as it can be , this was an extreme situation . 
  it probably comes with size , having another chain of command and administration would be redundant when the total number is as low as it is . 
  there is a separate customs division , however , employing 1400 people . 
  they can be seen sometimes around the internal schengen borders ( the police usually uses unmarked cars ) . 
  while i 'm not sure why i continue to reply , here , read up on the duties of slovenian police force : http://www.policija.si/eng/index.php/areasofwork/bordermattersandforeigners i 'll count up the numbers if we do end up closing the borders to see how foolish my estimates were . 
  on the other hand there are delays and quarrels in the parliament , haha . 
  i hope they still manage to pass the new law tonight , the police needs a bit of a break . 
  the police are the border guards , afaik . 
  adding up the absolute numbers will also not get you anywhere , nor will including the reserve , we 're not at war . 
  i stand by my effective numbers , 3k people at a time at the border to keep the rest of the country functioning . 
  http://www.slovenskavojska.si/en/about-the-slovenian-armed-forces/ http://www.policija.si/eng/index.php/aboutthepolice i looked up the official numbers - 8k employed in the police , 7k in the army , but this is absolutely everyone . 
  i was using a general feeling for the numbers and was n't that far off if we were to look at who can actually be deployed . 
  as for the terrain , parts are quite hard to pass through but the most affected regions just have swamps , rivers , and minor hills , nothing that could n't be passed with enough will . 
  if we join austria the refugees would stay ! 1 on a more serious note , apart from the usual coalition-opposition bickering we seem quite unified in getting something done , which means sending out the army ( apart from zl , pacifist border-free hippies ) . 
  not a lot can be done , even if we expected 8k people to come it 's hard to handle them when you do not know where they will show up . 
  you 're overestimating the slovene force . 
  it 's roughly 10k men , army and police combined and the police still needs to take care of the rest of the country . 
  they also ca n't work 24 hour shifts , so the effective number would be 2-3 thousand at a time , the border with croatia is 670km long . 
  it is impossible to close it down without the use of force , which of course will and can not happen . 
  the reality is quite a bit dysfunctional and i do n't see how this will be fixed in the short term , in slovenia 's case there 's just too many people coming in , we can not handle them all in a manner we 'd wish to . 
  at least we 're trying . 
  i 'm afraid it 'll take a tragedy before something like a humanitarian corridor will be opened from greece across the balkans to austria ( direct trains or something like that ) . 
  in the long term discussion i guess i truly am at the other end , i do not think we can help them by bringing those in need here . 
  especially with the number of quite legitimate refugees being over four million just for syria ( [ unhcr ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php ) ) . 
  where do you see a solution to this situation ? 
  eventually imposing a limit ( at a million , two , three ? ), 
  or maybe hoping not everyone wishes to come ? 
  we can be compassionate , accept refugees and even economic migrants but the economy can not handle an unlimited influx . 
  i honestly do not see us building a proper fence . 
  it 's interesting to observe the rhetoric heating up , from both erjavec and cerar , i agree . 
  even sending the army in is quite a step and a sign of desperation . 
  it was weird watching the situation unfold between serbia and hungary but now we 're actually involved and buckling under pressure . 
  i mostly wonder if i 'd be reacting differently if i were to live along the croatian border , especially in bre\u017eice or zavr\u010d , the comments from there are quite dire , especially about what is left behind once the refugees leave .
