  a crisis like this helps push orban 's agenda ( the sad truth ) , despite all the shit being flung by foreign media . 
  additionally i think the pressure from austria and germany is high on hungary to keep following the regulations and not let the migrants through , the open austro-hungarian border being the one thing orban does not want to lose . 
  no no , germany welcomes refugees !, 
  why would they reinstate borders and keep them out , that makes no sense , let them come !, 
  ^ ^ / s i do n't see this changing until every place that thinks we can handle a number of refugees ( we can ) gets double or triple that number ( this is where problems will begin ) . 
  we can not accept 11 million displaced syrians and millions more that want to come to europe . 
  the typical retort is that not all will come and surely not all will , but under un rules they are all refugees with equal status and we have to accept them all if they want to come . 
  i believe the number of people willing to come will increase with every wave we accept . 
  germany seems quite schizophrenic here , on one hand it 's refugees welcome by merkel ( not what she actually said but what everyone seems to repeat ) and on the other it 's follow the law and schengen/dublin rules . 
  hungary seems to be following the regulations but the migrants are n't complying . 
  the whole situation is escalating at a dramatic pace - people walking to austria , rioting in camps and greece . 
  from how i understood it they are refusing aid because they want to go to germany , essentially a hunger strike . 
  i simply do n't see what can be done in this situation . 
  by law hungary needs to register them but the migrants/refugees refuse registration . 
  they also decline food and water - do the police have to wait for kids to start dying of dehydration because the men refuse help ? 
  maybe i was n't clear enough . 
  the possibility exists now but it is not a quick , easy , nor safe option otherwise we would n't have people risking lives trying to get into the eu . 
  if for example the eu countries that accept the refugees would fly them from the me after asylum is granted in a reasonable time i believe we would see far less people making the trip up the balkans . 
  and out of curiosity , what kind of agenda do you see me pushing ? 
  i 'm sure plenty of other countries want to help but the bottom line is that the migrants refuse that help because it 's not from germany/sweden/uk . 
  how do you help someone who does n't want to be helped ? 
  i do agree that schengen needs to stay but the big issue are the outside borders . 
  frontex and the front-line countries will need substantial ( financial ) aid to secure the outside borders , if those work properly schengen can stay . 
  it would not stop them but i do think we need a tougher stance on economic migrants . 
  if true refugees would be coming in through legal channels i do believe it would be easier to stop the illegally entering economic migrants . 
  how ? 
  i have n't a clue , especially regarding how and where to deport people who do their utmost to stay . 
  i 'm well aware of the numbers of refugees in the me . 
  that 's what i had in mind when i wondered whether we can take them all - most of those syrians would probably end up applying for asylum in the eu if a quick , easy , and safe option was offered . 
  i am not convinced the eu would want/be able to take millions of refugees with very valid asylum claims . 
  while i would n't trust facebook numbers i do wonder what will happen . 
  it could very well end up with cars full of people refusing to get out once the police stops them , like it 's happening with trains in hungary today . 
  a huge mess indeed . 
  i see why that station was cleared of the media considering the video that surfaced of the guy hitting himself and what ended up being reported there . 
  i do not see how hungary can get them off the train for processing without something that will end up on the front pages of newspapers - either by force or waiting until they come out on their own . 
  ultimately i do think it would be easiest to just send them to germany ( ignoring the laws ) but i wonder what kind of photos we will be seeing in about a months time when portions of refugees will be moved from there to other countries because of quotas . 
  maybe smuggling is the wrong term , yes . 
  i guess the authorities will just look the other way and let them through . 
  what i do wonder is what happens in vienna since most migrants still wish to continue to germany . 
  this crisis would not have gotten this out of hand if people were able to apply for asylum in the middle east . 
  it would have been much easier to separate actual refugees from economical migrants as well . 
  on the other hand though can we take all that would apply ? 
  quotas are hardly fair and probably against un charters as well . 
  i ca n't believe we once again came to a point when people are being tricked to get on trains heading to camps . 
  at the same time what else can be done if they do not want to be processed yet the eu regulations and agreements demand hungary processes them . 
  will hungary/austria arrest them for smuggling people and breaking laws ? 
  of course they can detain them , i think that is the only reasonable way of stopping illegal border crossings - detain the migrants and force registration . 
  because you can only apply for asylum in one eu country they move to the next route to germany . 
  the questions are of course 1 ) how do they detain them + the level of force involved and 2 ) what to do with those without documents - detain them indefinitely ? 
  i have n't a clue what to do in such a situation - the chartas and laws were naively written and include loopholes . 
  i completely agree that a eu-wide strategy is required but until such a time it 's up to individual countries to find reasonable and humane solutions . 
  this is an interesting development , hungary closing down its border . 
  if they force the refugees to claim asylum to enter i can see the migration route switching to croatia and slovenia . 
  slovenia has been preparing for a ( large ) influx of refugees in the last few weeks but i 'm quite curious how croatia will react - i think they 'd want to do what macedonia does , just let them all pass , but as an eu country i 'm not sure that will work . 
  they could be trying to spread the cluster of refugees from the capital to multiple bordering cities . 
  though i do not see how this could significantly change the situation . 
  it seems international trains are completely suspended . 
  is there any information on what hungary is trying to achieve with this move ? 
  google translate is n't really helping . 
  it 's re-opened now but they 're not letting everyone back in . 
  it seems they just closed it down to clear it out . 
  you should be fine , enjoy the trip !, 
  the slovenian article on this said they had 500 refugees trying to board the train for vienna , i guess at some point it easier to just close it all down . 
  additionally , the government representative said they 're trying to follow the dublin regulations and schengen rules - people ca n't travel across borders w/o documents and visas . 
  edit : an update says they re-opened the station after an hour but are only letting in non-migrants . 
  soon , my czech friend , soon . 
  slovenia 's still struggling while you guys seem to be doing well . 
  it 's kind of funny to read this when slovenians would often claim the exact opposite about croatia - our politicians do nothing while the croatian ones seem to be quite unified and strongly represented ( especially around recent events ) . 
  we 're crippled by corruption while croatia put sanader into prison ( then again jan\u0161a was in prison as well , for a while ) . 
  i guess it 's the case of the grass being greener and the level of information , we know a lot about our own countries but see only headlines from across the border . 
  it 's not just the money . 
  you need educator , you need temporary housing while homes are being built , designated plots of lands for new towns , governments . 
  essentially you would be creating ghettos with your approach , regardless of any papers they sign . 
  all of this is barely provided for the native population , especially in for example sweden or the netherlands , where you have to wait for years to get an apartment you could rent . 
  allotting swedish refugees some land in northern sweden and saying here , build a town , would also be laughable , they prefer living in cities . 
  i understand both him and cerar . 
  the crisis wo n't be solved in the ex-yu countries . 
  following the regulations though is fucking slovenia over quite a bit and i 'm fairly certain there 's tremendous pressure from germany and austria to do that , i 'm sure milanovic has felt it , if not before at this summit . 
  i do wonder how the eu would react if ex-yugoslavia would band together and pool resources to put a stop at the outer borders . 
  there would probably be incredible pressure form greece , the eu , and the un/ngos to `` stop the humanitarian crisis . '', 
  but there 's still albania and i 'm fairly certain the flow would just divert somewhere else . 
  slovenia 's pm 's statement is grim because we can not take much more of what 's been happening in the last few days without aid from outside . 
  15k people entered slovenia today and supposedly 12k into croatia . 
  slovenia asked for this summit to happen and if there are no solutions found i 'm not exactly sure what will be happening in the next week . 
  our border is too long to properly secure yet what other choice but trying to do that is left ? 
  ignore schengen and eu regulation and just send everyone straight to austria ( that 's what croatia 's milanovic has been proposing all this time ) . 
  would you mind saying a few words about the source website ? 
  i am not familiar with it but recognise some of the other ones it links to under * zanimivi spletni viri * ( interesting web sources ) . 
  the opinion our ministry seems to hold is that croatia does gain , in the pr battle . 
  they 're demonising slovenia to mask the sorry state of the arriving migrants , last night we had a women giving birth ushered over the border ( at night , unannounced , as has been happening for the last few days ) . 
  croatian hrt found a syrian kid slovenian policemen supposedly beat with batons , our news have refugees saying how bad the situation in serbia and croatia is , especially on the border , while croatian news shows refugees saying the opposite . 
  elections are coming up in croatia and i 'm saddened by the fact the refugees seemed to have become another mean to an end . 
  the video was shot the night before last to show to the world and the migration commissionaire in slovenia the reality . 
  in the current context that seems like ancient history . 
  the 2500 number was wishful thinking even on the first day ( and was exceeded ) . 
  for the last few day everyone got over the border at any time . 
  especially those dumped in small towns . 
  slovenia is opting for the eu way instead of the balkan way , dialogue with austria , making sure more entry points are opened and hoping the doors stay open . 
  based on last night 's interview our pm has absolutely no intention of dumping migrants along the border as most of the balkan countries are doing . 
  austria did accept around 10k yesterday , announced and prepared for them , at designated entry points .
