depending on who you ask , haha . 
  according to the austrians , balkan begins at the slovenian border - always just a bit south from where you are . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo this \u017di\u017eek video is what i always think of when someone mentions balkan borders . 
  of course if you live across ljubljanica , then balkan starts at the border with croatia . 
  and we keep on feeding it . 
  it 's pretty much exactly how / r/european would describe the so called * bleeding hearts * . 
  but you already have the blackjack and hookers ... 
  if only haider was still alive to see this , haha, 
  orban seems to be the smartest player in the game of migrants . 
  he had the west shitting all over him , calling him totalitarian , even before the fence . 
  now he 's just embracing it and actually solving the problem as far as hungary is concerned . 
  not the fence , the next-to-austrian-border camps are the the true genius move . 
  excellent ~ ~ croatian ~ ~ balkan foreign policy - the end justifies * any * means . 
  the trains may be a first but the whole `` he said , she said , we lied - fuck you '' has been happening for a while . 
  is this the first time you 're paying attention to balkan politics ? 
  we 're all quite used to this . 
  there 's a 100 % chance of that happening , regardless of what the other countries do . 
  officially we 're not supposed to , gather them up , register them , help those who apply for asylum and return those who do not . 
  how this policy will work once the larger numbers arrive is beyond me . 
  what happens once austria says fuck you , we 're building a fence ? 
  or more realistically sets up proper border checks , slowing the migrant influx until slovenia is saddled with thousands . 
  works for croatia since the migrants just pass through but i am certain slovenia would enforce the southern border if this were to happen . 
  i do not think the corridor is happening though essentially macedonia and serbia do already have one . 
  this crisis will not be solved by all countries building proverbial fences , closing down borders until migrants can not leave greece . 
  milanovi\u0107 on twitter through @vladarh , they do n't exactly mention registration though . 
  no special measures so far , we are supposedly ready for a larger influx . 
  there is a significant presence there anyway because the border is an outer schengen border . 
   how does the border look there ? 
  it depends on where the migrants come in from , close to hungary it 's easy to pass from croatia and onwards to austria , mostly flat ground . 
  another route that was discusses would be macedonia - serbia - bosnia - croatia - slovenia over ljubljana towards villach and ultimately salzburg in austria . 
  that part of the border is mountainous and the highway goes through the karavanke tunnel . 
  if migrants were to walk on the highway that would cause a significant disruption , going across the mountain passes would be quite difficult as well . 
  so far the policy being discusses is to round all the migrants that enter up , keep those that request asylum and return those that do not . 
  hungary for example rejected the return of 14 supposedly syrian migrants yesterday because there was no proof they came from hungary but today they accepted 20ish afghans and iranians/iraquis because they were already fingerprinted in hungary . 
  no buses/trains to austria are planned so far . 
  is the number for the 15th the number of those arrested trying to get in ( i heard there were around 200 on the news ) or the ones that were left through shortly after midnight before sealing the border ? 
  b-but they would disrupt trains and traffic under the c-channel !? 
  they are france 's problem , we 're just keeping them out , unlike the fascist , nazi hungarians with their fence !, 
   [ calais migrant crisis : pm offers extra fencing and dogs ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-33729024 ), 
  well i hope our muppets are reading twitter . 
  we already have a problem with hungary refusing to take back syrian migrants , saying there is no proof they came from hungary . 
  the migrants are n't applying for asylum either , thinking they will get to go up north eventually . 
  in the last week it was per day . 
  160k refugees is the current number being discusses with regard to quotas , i expect the number to raise to 500k by the end of the year . 
  you yourself are saying germany expects to take in a million this year , is it that hard to see how half of them would end up as part of the redistribution quotas ( which includes germany as well , you will just take more than your share ) ? 
  i was not implying 500k will end up in the v4 countries though that could eventually happen ( in the next few years ) if mandatory quotas are introduced and no sustainable solution is found . 
  let 's get this straight - the v4 ( and slovenia as well ) are not so much against the first two rounds of distribution , though they would still prefer to choose who comes in . 
  the problem is that the current 160 thousand will be increased to 500k by the end of the year ( no sources , but we can surely see that there are way more than 160k refugees here ) . 
  if they accept binding quotas now they would also have to accept all the future migrants coming in , when the numbers will be much higher . 
  this is why the line is being drawn now , it is unsustainable . 
  if germany claims it can manage 500k refugees per year , be our guest but do n't force the same policy on other countries who are very much against it . 
  this is exactly the mechanism to keep refugees where they are assigned . 
  i 'm sure a portion will still try to get to the larger cities where their friends/relatives/communities live but it will be very hard to survive as ( this time truly ) illegal immigrants . 
  i 'm not sure how exactly asylum rules work but if it can only be granted in only one country this solves many things . 
  the other question is how to force integration and keep the refugees from creating new ghettos in the countries they are allocated to , especially those receiving a large number of them . 
  tying the social support to an integration effort and staying in the town/city ? 
  i wonder at which point of potential uncooperation cutting funding is a valid option . 
  but do they ever enter hungary if the border is fenced up ? 
  i do not expect things to escalate there , especially with the stance serbia has taken in the last weeks . 
  probably just one more hothead trying to fan the flames . 
  the north-eastern part of the country is easily passable , especially compared to the slavonija region with the donau and minefields . 
  i do n't see anyone coming up through dolenjska and up north from ljubljana . 
  slovenia is doing exactly that . 
  arrest the smuggler , deport those who do n't ask for asylum back to hungary ( eventually ) . 
  so far there seem to have been just iraquees and afghans , no syrians . 
  i guess the goal is to process the migrants then send them further up the country , not to munich , which is soon receiving another wave of people sleeping at train stations because of oktoberfest . 
  i wonder what kind of bottle-neck and migrant build up the processing will result in . 
  i 've read the czech are also adding additional people to the borders . 
  is the austria-czech republic-germany route a valid option ? 
  i figure most migrants in austria will just wait until they are accepted into germany instead of travelling further . 
  true , they are not closed completely but they are also no longer fully open , especially to migrants . 
  if orban implements everything he said he would , though , the hungarian border will be essentially closed for migrants because of the risk of immediate asylum rejection . 
  hungary is closing down the border tomorrow as well . 
  it seems like serbia , croatia , and slovenia are in for an interesting week . 
  i find it quite ridiculous how it only took germany a week before shouting too many . 
  10 million people leaving is still a small fraction of the population of the me up to india and africa . 
  plenty would remain . 
  one of the reasons why most bulgarians ( your example ) stay is because it is not easy to migrate and without a job you 're worse off than you were back home , unable to claim benefits and survive . 
  if your home does n't exist any more or the circumstances there are absolutely horrid then migrating is a valid option . 
  especially if you receive asylum and the help associated with it . 
  bulgarians can not claim asylum in other eu countries ( or parts of africa ) - migration is anything but simple , which is why a small portion of the population does it normally , unless they are left with no choice but to go . 
  i am not trying to ramp up anti-immigrant rhetoric , we should help them as much as we can . 
  but i do not think eu countries will be able to give out benefits as they are at the moment if the number of refugees keeps increasing from year to year . 
  i do agree we can absorb a million , maybe even millions . 
  but the more we absorb the higher the pull and wish to come to the eu for people still stuck in appalling conditions in the me and africa . 
  at some point we will no longer be able to offer everything we are offering now to the new migrants coming in . 
  in your opinion is there a number that you would think is too high to integrate to successfully integrate ( 10 , 20 million ) ? 
  does the the social impact of accepting a large number become too disruptive at any point ? 
  exactly . 
  i still remember the shit storm that followed merkel saying `` we ca n't take you all '' to the refugee girl . 
  i think they 're just playing a double game , being very liberal and open on the outside while pushing for limited migration through the back-channels . 
  especially if they are relocated to poland and have relatives/support in large eu cities like berlin . 
  i would wager some will even risk loosing their status and stay as illegals in large cities because of that support . 
  well , since all rules and laws are being ignored anyway i would agree with sending them all onwards to germany until merkel admits ( i 'm sure she 's aware ) we/they can not take them all . 
  by all i do not mean the first million , europe can handle that - it 's what comes after the first million . 
  i risk being accused of xenophobia with this but i firmly believe it 's just an economic and social reality - we can not accept millions and keep living as we do . 
  we can not build houses for all of them and offer a sufficient level of financial and integration support . 
  even now we see videos of migrants complaining because they have to stay in camps/tents . 
  i think plenty of people very keen on getting to germany are in for a rude awakening when they 're shown their tent with 20 other people in it . 
  the reason why hungary is doing what it is doing is two-fold imo .
