   is it usual for your media to just say `` hrvati '' instead of `` hrvatski slu\u017ebenici '' or `` hrvatska policija '' ? 
  yes , pretty much . 
  `` croatia sends 5000 people across the green border '' for example . 
  they get more specific sometimes but it 's mostly `` hrva\u0161ka . '', 
  as for your second point , i never faulted croatia for sending people across , it 's a rough situation throughout the balkans . 
  the problem is the manner , why do it in the middle of the night and close to rivers when we accept everyone during the day any way ? 
  it 's making the situation even worse than it already is . 
  the dublin agreement says that . 
  eu countries have agreed that the country of entry needs to process the asylum claim . 
  well , the regulation says that one of the countries has to do it but since you ca n't travel inside the eu w/o papers it is effectively the first country . 
  this is what hungary is doing . 
  enforcing that anyone who wants to enter the country needs to ask for asylum . 
  no one wants to go because they ca n't just freely move around after doing that . 
  it 's funny how the story here is that croatia is the one always double-crossing us . 
  `` we never should have accepted them into the eu without a solved border , '' `` they 're once again trying to get out of fixing the border by refusing arbitration , '' the infamous '' [ hrvat je tat ( a croatian is a thief ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nayjmu468zm ) '' . 
  i could go on , haha . 
  in the end most of slovenia still goes to the croatian seaside and has a great time and croatia skis and ( at least used to ) shops in slovenia . 
  it 's usually the politicians that are stirring shit up before elections . 
  and the regular janez i hrvoje nationalists . 
  here , [ read up ( slo wiki ) ] ( https://sl.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenska_osamosvojitvena_vojna ) . 
  the yugoslav tanks did come from army bases in croatia but at that point in time croatia could hardly stop them . 
  what do you mean by caught ? 
  if you mean successfully crossing , that can be done literally anywhere , we can hardly close down the border . 
  otherwise all ( supposedly ) the migrants do end rounded up any way and taken to camps . 
  it 's a question of minimising the harm to the migrants , which crossing rivers in the middle of the night certainly is n't . 
  [ full footage ] ( http://psn.sdn.si/psv/15/295/635811237801922147_151022-begunci_720p.mp4 ) *** this footage was created by the slovenian police with thermal cameras last night . 
  the aim is to show the world what is actually happening and why the refugees end up on fields in the middle of nowhere . 
  below are a few translated quotes from the speech of an interior ministry representative , from the press conference at 2pm :  `` upam , da bo tudi ta posnetek prispeval k razumevanju zgodbe . 
  croatia is sending migrants across the border in an organised , unannounced , and dispersed manner . 
  i do not see any compassion here , the groups contain children , pregnant women , and the elderly . 
  croatia is consciously letting them cross rivers . 
  this is how an eu member acts , trying to shift the blame for the severe circumstances on slovenia . 
  croatia is trying to discredit us . 
  i believe our professional and earnest attitude will allow us to cope . 
  the commissionaire needs to clearly be told our position and demands , we have addressed a formal letter to the eu comission . 
  38 thousands migrants have entered slovenia so far since friday . 
  posnetek govori sam za sebe , '' croatia does not prevent the crossing of rivers and does not try to redirect the refugees . 
  we are publishing this video because this is a farce , croatia saying slovenia is the inhumane one , not taking care of migrants , and lacking organisations . 
  the footage speaks for itself . 
  *** this is a pr battle as well . 
  the images of migrants wet and without aid on the fields are bad but europe needs to see how that happens . 
  plenty of children needed to be rushed to hospitals because of malnourishment and hypothermia . 
  we 're discussing different things here . 
  i can understand why croatia 's doing what she is , i 'm sure if we had milanovic and ostojic instead of our guys and gals we 'd be doing the same thing to austria . 
  even if the migrants somehow chose to be transported to small villages on the border , my point is still that it is up to the croatian police leading them to keep them from harm as much as possible . 
  either choose a safe ( as much as possible ) part of the border without rivers , or at least tell them where the bridge is . 
  this is where croatia is potentially wilfully ignorant , you could keep the migrants from entering a river by telling them where to go but did n't . 
  or did and the migrants did n't listen , we just have the video , no audio . 
  the crossing could also be done during the day , so migrants could see , instead of the middle of the night . 
  the point is that if croatian police brings them to the border so they can cross it , they could at least point out where the bridge is so the migrants do n't cross rivers . 
  croatia is choosing where the crossing happens , the migrants have n't a clue about the geography of the region . 
  switched intentionally with consciously . 
  it 's not so much intent as it is wilful ignorance , the river is there yet the refugees are n't pointed towards a bridge . 
  this needs a warning , it 's 700mb raw footage . 
  [ news mirror ] ( http://4d.rtvslo.si/arhiv/prispevki-in-izjave-prvi-dnevnik/174366702 ) , [ translation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3prlog/video_1500_people_illegally_crossing_the_green/cw8tews ) [ full footage mirror ] ( http://psn.sdn.si/psv/15/295/635811237801922147_151022-begunci_720p.mp4 ) *** this footage was created by the slovenian police with thermal cameras last night . 
  the aim is to show the world what is actually happening and why the refugees end up on fields in the middle of nowhere . 
  below are a few translated quotes from the speech of an interior ministry representative , from the press conference at 2pm :  `` upam , da bo tudi ta posnetek prispeval k razumevanju zgodbe . 
  croatia is sending migrants across the border in an organised , unannounced , and dispersed manner . 
  i do not see any compassion here , the groups contain children , pregnant women , and the elderly . 
  croatia is consciously letting them cross rivers . 
  this is how an eu member acts , trying to shift the blame for the severe circumstances on slovenia . 
  croatia is trying to discredit us . 
  i believe our professional and earnest attitude will allow us to cope . 
  the commissionaire needs to clearly be told our position and demands , we have addressed a formal letter to the eu comission . 
  ** 38 thousands migrants have entered slovenia so far since friday . 
  posnetek govori sam za sebe , '' croatia does not prevent the crossing of rivers and does not try to redirect the refugees . 
  we are publishing this video because this is a farce , croatia saying slovenia is the inhumane one , not taking care of migrants , and lacking organisations . 
  the footage speaks for itself . 
  *** this is a pr battle as well . 
  the images of migrants wet and without aid on the fields are bad but europe needs to see how that happens . 
  plenty of children needed to be rushed to hospitals because of malnourishment and hypothermia . 
  it 's a shitty situation all around , like i said , i understand croatia . 
  but the dumping , if it has to happen , could at least be marginally more organised with some heads up and not at night when people suffer the most . 
  it 's not like slovenia can do anything to prevent it , that 's more than clear . 
  as for the wall , that 's not happening , at least not any time soon . 
  you 'd just drive them somewhere else which makes it an exercise in futility , there 's 670km of border to cover - i do not think milanovic is beneath dumping people in the middle of a forest . 
   irrational i agree . 
  our government is famous for being the best at doing nothing and sustaining the status quo , the exact opposite of what 's needed in this situation . 
  as for your 4 possible solutions , the only valid one at the moment is begging , on both sides and the eu , which is what we 're doing . 
  i do not think this government has the balls to start dumping refugees . 
  it 's not a simple matter when we 're trying to stay on best terms with austria and germany , dumping them would surely have repercussions . 
  schengen and general eu rules forbid this . 
  everyone needs to be properly registered and that takes time . 
  before that migrants are forbidden from freely roaming the country , they need proper permits and with those papers they are only allowed to travel inside the country not across borders . 
  there 's a big difference between sending them over border crossings and dumping them unannounced along the border in the middle of the night . 
  i do not blame milanovic for sending them over , i despise him for the manner in which he 's doing it . 
  could more have been done ? 
  yes , for sure , most of the countries agrees . 
  the initial target was 2500 per day with provisions for about 5k in the worst case , now we 're getting twice that . 
  slovenia was counting on croatia to hold to an agreement but they did n't , worse than that , they 're actively dumping bus - and train-loads of refugees along the border instead of close to actual border crossings . 
  i do n't think all the preparation in the world would have helped here , we do not have the manpower or logistic strength to take care of such a number of people . 
  on the other hand slovenia is doing its best to hold to the agreement with austria ( as well as eu and un laws - registering everyone , providing care as best we can ) , only sending people through a single crossing and in limited groups ( thought he refugees break through on their own when they reach a critical mass of about 2k people ) . 
  according to police numbers we 're sending about 5-6k per day to austria and receiving 10k + from croatia . 
  if we were to do the same thing as croatia does , load people in buses and dump them along the austrian border at night , we would n't be having the problem . 
  its ' between half an hour to two from the croatian to the austrian border ( depending on the location ) and croatia supposedly offered to just drive their trains all the way . 
  if we were to act as the rest of the balkans do austria would be the one receiving 10k + per day and we almost would n't need any camps . 
  instead we 're following agreements and act humanely , as best we can . 
  the army is needed because we have a limited police force , on its own it can not handle dispersed refugees . 
  i do not think the regular people , especially in ljubljana , will be affected . 
  it 's a huge strain on the border regions and on everyone involved : police , army , aid workers .
