  happy portugal day !, 
  ^ and ^ now ^ let 's ^ get ^ back ^ to ^ sipping ^ porto . 
  i have no love for napoleon , but the trick is that the dictator was defeated by a rival club of dictators , which sought to reinstate one of their cronies ; by the way , that dictator rose to power thanks to the popularity he acquired in wars provoked by said rival club . 
  so if we appreciate napoleon for 2 things , it 's that 1 ) he did n't bury all the decent ideas of the revolution as royal club would have , and 2 ) he gave them a good run for their money . 
   a bloody economic disaster rarely does a regime that is at war for its whole lifespan have good economic results or internal politics . 
  but the english often forget their role in that . 
  yep . 
  ww1 's only perk is that , in western countries , romanticization ( is that a word ? ), 
  was mostly avoided . 
  i do n't deny that . 
  personally , i think that you should n't encourage the british in that behaviour , but it 's not a strong view either ( and i 'm not the one with a decision to make ) . 
  my point was that ww1 is very different from other wars , in that its lessons are usually not tainted with ill-placed chauvinism . 
  nope . 
  or , well , yes , but you picked a bad example . 
  the pantheon is not supposed to sample the french population 's behaviour , it 's meant as a tribute to outstanding people . 
  therefore , re-burrying people there ca n't really be seen as building national identity . 
  as for building a narrative of the french fighting against the german even after the armistice , it was very dominant just after the war , but with time , i think we 've adopted a more balanced ( and more accurate ) view on france 's ww2 behaviour , acknowledging both the glorious stuff and the shameful stuff . 
  the main difference between these two events is that ww1 is rarely commemorated as a victory , even by the `` winners '' . 
  there is no romance attached to this war , no movie showing dashing soldiers , no books about a couple soldiers living fantastic adventures , no videogame having you mow people down in a trench . 
  in fact , it 's probably one of the least known wars , precisely because there 's nothing good about it . 
  just a giant meatgrinder . 
  what sticks with this war is that conflicts should be avoided , not that country x defeated country y. 
  there is nothing about it to commemorate , and that 's why it 's good to commemorate . 
  considering england 's long tradition of culinary crimes , i would tend to say that your message is case in my point . 
   the land protected by the dikes is appropriated for a pittance , the people are forced off , and the sluices are opened . 
  we 'll end up as a scattered diaspora across europe , most of us will be penniless , and we 'll likely get the same warm welcome in our new homes as the roma get . 
  the wetlands that are left , become a nature sanctuary for birds , and the mi the english can take 13 , but only provided treaties are renegociated , france would take 16 , but they have to renounce gouda cheese ( not / s here , this is an abomination ) germany is down for a lot because they have aging problem . 
  finland tries to expel the dutch they had in vacations . 
  poland agrees to take some in , but only if they are active catholics . 
  italy will take any amount , but only provided they come by boat . 
  greece is currently busy renegociating its debt and did n't respond in time . 
  hungary offers to rebuild the dikes , provided a new trianon treaty grants them the land , and that a corridor is created from motherland to new-budapest . 
  sweden releases a new song called `` got ta host 'em all '' , wins eurovision . 
   i see what you mean , but its easy to say that when you own areas that we want . 
  why do you want it ? 
  do you live there ? 
  in order to prosecute , they must have jurisdiction . 
  for instance , if an american steals an apple in chicago , a french court would have no jurisdiction , and therefore would declare itself incompetent to judge the case . 
  my initial question was : in which jurisdiction were the crimes commited ? 
  it is quite strange , though , to have an inquiry into things that you ca n't prosecute . 
  i 'd be curious to know the juridiction details of this . 
  yep , apparently jobs are created in countries that wo n't protect their population . 
  yet german imports still do n't manage to follow exports , consumption remains low . 
  congratulation schr\u00f6der , you 've built a successful country of working poors !, 
  ... and then france cuts its work code and people are forced to move back from germany to france ? 
  does n't sound like an europe built for its people . 
  i ` ts not only spain . 
  go appears in the top 10 for several countries . 
  i was surprised too . 
   h politician in the 80s trying to speak in english . 
  he said : the yes to no means to no to vote the no https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=julmkvvfyda, 
  yes , i guessed that much . 
  i just find it funny that designing the question is such a process that it 's easier to just tell the people what the answers are . 
  and your only divergence has had so many impacts on the country and the region that it inevitably involves heavy historical rewriting . 
  not talking about the fact that this divergence is used to build a case of whataboutism . 
  but the tzar did have alliances , which were broken by the communist revolution . 
  see ? 
  rewriting history is a questionable way of justifying one 's deeds . 
  also , poland , romania and finland were foes to whom ? 
  russians ? 
  finland was a province of russia , though . 
  so maybe they just had their own opinion in the civil war ? 
  poland was reinstated as a country after ww1 , because its population craved for autonomy . 
  were ukrainian foes too because the makhnovshchina did n't agree with the bolschevik ? 
  were mencheviks foes too , despite being ethnic russians ? 
   recover territories taken by neighbours during civil war taken from whom ? 
  the local populations ? 
  some far-away ruler ? 
  it sounds incredibly stupid to me that the bolschevik , after denying the imperial family the right to rule over unwilling populations , decided that they too , shall rule over far-away populations that did n't agree to it . 
  `` we do n't know the question yet , but the answer will be yes '' wtf does this even mean ? 
  oo 3 months later : ` would n't you think that `` it would be better if the uk did n't try to stay in europe '' is n't something you personally agree with ? ', 
  that 's why we need european standards on things such as this , but also taxes . 
  and we also need to make it up for the countries that have no other way to differentiate themselves , because simply harmonizing everything would mean france , germany , uk gets most of the business . 
  if we do n't build common standards and make sure that all of the european regions catch up in terms of competitivity , of course europe will be gamed by big money , and of course populations will ressent free trade policies . 
  tax unification + big european investment policy + unified social net ftw . 
  but would the tzar have betrayed his allies to sign the molotov-ribentropp agreement ? 
  you can see my point here : rewriting history completely makes no sense at all . 
  [ amazon does n't create more jobs than it destroys ] ( https://stallman.org/amazon.html ) . 
   old europe also had shit food because there were no spices , potatoes , tomatoes , corn , etc. 
  there were spices , of course . 
  tomatoes , corn , potatoes were replaced by a variety of vegetables that most people probably never eat nowadays . 
  you should try some of them , they are amazing ; just harder to industrialize i guess . 
  not saying gaudi is overrated , but i think there 's too much done to make him the icon of his time . 
  early xxth was a time of experiments , with many architects building with different styles , and that 's what barcelona is to me . 
  rarely in a city can you walk and see so many different styles coexist in a briliant ensemble . 
  sure , gaudi is nice , but when you walk down pg , there are many buildings that are worth admiring , and that are overshadowed by the gaudi mania . 
  so little recognition for ** haydn ** , probably one of the greatest european composers of all times . 
  [ missa brevis sancti joannis de deo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfnu433sbvc ) [ te deum ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxngqgntniq ), 
  if there ever is a stockholm-paris train , i 'll be glad to visit the city again . 
  cameron already waved around the brexit threat in ypres a year ago in hope of blocking juncker 's nomination . 
  the reason is that the english have already comme nagging the other eu members about that one or two years ago . 
  make up your mind , but we wo n't deal with the same retarded insular electoral belly-dancing every time there is a poll in the uk . 
  there have already been rounds of negociation on the topic of keeping the uk in . 
  i doubt european leaders want to renegociate and give the uk a little bit more each year . 
  so limited war means it 's not real ? 
  i think you 're trying to put words in his mouth that he did n't use . 
  so by that metric , vietnam was n't a war because if the us really wanted , they could have nuked the shit out of vietnam and call it a day ? 
  just because russia does n't commit fully to that war does n't mean that there is n't a war fought there . 
  what exactly is lacking to call it a war ? 
   both parties want a free trade agreement .
