what language is it ? 
  i find it amazing that on a forum where i stumble on this song every week at least , it 's the french that are described as arrogant ... 
  added , thanks, 
  ... which in turn is standing on the shoulders of mozart , haydn , bach , etc. 
  i would n't dare to compare composers , because while some of them look like absolute geniuses that have produced countless masterpieces , they 're never the end-all of it . 
  music is lovely in that after centuries using the same notes and the same instruments , some people manage to have you think * their * art was invented yesterday . 
  but still ... haydn ... 
   bout your ideal europe , see how really it is and makes you want to blow it all up or sit and cry for what it could have been . 
  it 's still time to do it . 
  they repeat the same stuff a lot , as usual in choral pieces . 
  also the short version you 're used to is an excerpt of the this piece . 
  in some of the things we sang , we spent 1-2 minutes singing the same word over and over ... :p, 
  it 's the same piece ; you 're linking to an arrangement by karajan to make it more anthem-like . 
   i love the lyrics by schiller , and the musical theme arranged by karajan that is used as anthem of europe to be honest , i 'm not a fan of this version . 
  it 's ok as an anthem , but once you listen to the 9th , you soon find out that as a musical piece , it 's miles away from the original ( also i love opera singing !, 
  whataboutism . 
  it 's funny to see * leaked * us diplomatic cables quoted whenever the us are exposed as spies . 
  it 's also funny that the last time we heard about us spying ( a week ago , lol ) , many us redditors were saying that the us did n't do economic intelligence , as opposed to the french . 
  got to sing it , and i find it amazing so little people around me know about it . 
  this version is directed by kurt masur and played by the choir and the orchester of radio-france ( french public radio network ) . 
  the original lyrics are in german , but they were translated in many languages ; [ here are some ] ( http://www.lvbeethoven.com/oeuvres/music-europeananthem-odetojoy.html ) . 
  if you have other translations ( we 're 28 countries after all ) , post it below , i 'll update . 
  edit : [ latin lyrics ] ( http://www.hymnus-europae.at/ ) [ lithuanian version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgcbfmznn6o&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  not sure i like the `` backyard '' concept . 
  i would rather say it 's right across the street . 
   apparently courtney love cobain live-tweeted her experience . 
  imo that 's s a pr stunt from the taxis to appear more friendly . 
  `` sure we assault people , but among them , is courtney love '', 
  i have seen a french documentary about french extremist involvement in the conflict , and apparently our neo-nazis were on both sides . 
  as for the open nature of it on the ukrainian side , i guess it 's mostly due to the fact that ukrainians ca n't really afford to go to war without them . 
  otherwise , they 're quite anecdotic politically , and got destroyed in the elections . 
  actually , it 's quite weird . 
  there are both far left and far right millitiamen from all across europe in both sides . 
  if only them got shot , this war would be much less dramatic . 
   i 'm curious though how cabbies handle uberpop in other countries ? 
  is it only in france that they go full retard ? 
  basically , they 're getting wiped out . 
  prodigal ! = prodigy . 
  -- the joke --  me, 
  the uk has a reputation for lack of police controls , ease to find a job without papers once you 're on the national territory . 
  on the other hand , it 's almost impossible to live as anyone else without papers in france , because you need papers for any legal job , to rent a place , etc. 
  so by living in england , they have a chance to live a `` normal '' life , while in france , their paperless status threatens to catch up with them at any time . 
  less fraud , and for much smaller amounts . 
  ... says the guy with a `` count [ ... ] '' nickname . 
  i heard it 's a thing in russia ( that would explain the name ) , but that looks quite disgusting :p at least , not very healthy . 
  btw , i bought torro when i came to barcelona , but from what i gather , it was a specialty from other places in spain . 
  is there a torro specialty from barcelona ? 
   is `` russian salad '' ( amanida russa ) popular outside of spain ? 
  i have n't seen it when i travel and it 's one of the best summer dishes !, 
  is your salad drowning in mayo ? 
  i meant tapas in that you 're served several small plates with bread & tomatoes to eat them . 
  i also like the kind you can find in e.g. 
  carrer de blai , but that 's not my main pleasure . 
  i also ate in small places around joanic , but mostly seafood :d . i 'll try escudella next time :d, 
   if you want to visit us you should probably never come on summer i came in january , and again in late april . 
  i love the city but i 'm not a fan of summertime  . 
  still , gaudi places were crowded . 
   and if you 're after museums , did you check out our science museum ? 
  nope . 
  to be honest i spent a fair share of my time walking around the streets and shopping eateries . 
  walking down a street in bcn feels like walking shadows in amber 's books : the landscape never stops changing . 
  and there 's the food , it 's like the city : you 've got so much diversity in the food that often picking several tapas rather than a full dish is the way to go . 
  can you imagine yourself eating only seafood ? 
  man , i love pulpo but that 's only one of many good things . 
  i 'll take notes for my next trip tho , 
  [ i need more than gaudi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zls-npemqyq ) :p . but seriously , i have seen things that i enjoyed much more than gaudi 's work in bcn . 
  the mnac has one of the most gorgeous roman collections in europe , for instance . 
  and i enjoyed the quietness of reading a book in the santa creu garden ( maybe i was lucky on the lack of tourists , granted ) more than the crowded casa batlo visit . 
  my point is n't that everyone will want to see these ; it 's that the gaudi-mania is overshadowing some of these . 
  and we 're back to the point where barcelona 's strength is not fully exploited : it 's the most diverse city i got to visit , but you would n't know that if you listen to some tourist guides . 
   gaud\u00ed is the paradigm of barcelona . 
  i totally disagree here , and while i enjoyed gaudi 's work , i would probably not recommend more than a day 's worth of visiting gaudi stuff in a week . 
   and if someone does n't value our other stuff it 's beacause they 're idiots and do n't bother reasearching were they 're traveling to why advertise gaudi 's stuff then ? 
  man , fuck gaudi . 
  there 's so much about barcelona that is not valorized because it 's not gaudi ... barcelone 's architectural uniqueness comes from the diversity of its buildings , and the experimental atmosphere of the early xxth . 
  it 's sad to reduce it to gaudi . 
  also , food . 
  food is what i love in barcelona . 
  well , what 's a soul in the first place ? 
  maybe you 're weird to think it 's obvious , when you would n't give a definite answer for humans ? 
  what about angels ' gender ? 
  can you really discuss about the nature or properties of something you ca n't observe ? 
  the teacher is n't wierd , he 's only trying to have students drown in their own contradictions . 
  we do n't worship billboards , indeed . 
  we will put anything on them . 
  the problem about tax avoidance is n't business localization . 
  it 's the localization of the benefits derived from such business : in our case , the business may be located in germany or greece , the key point is that taxes should then paid the country where the business is done , not in some remote country with favorable tax code . 
  and for that matter , germany , greece , france are not competing ; we 're equally robbed by tax havens . 
  the idea to unify taxes to combat tax avoidance derives from the lax rules around localization of profit , which are hard to fix in a common market . 
  and imo , if such thing is done , it should come hands in hands with regional development funding . 
  also to answer your question , real estate and labour cost is cheaper in greece than in germany . 
  it 's a common pun on / r/france to make silly en -  fr translations . 
   they might not be willing to participate in the current insane policy of accepting and even aiding all migrants to reach europe . 
  that 's a very strange conception of solidarity . 
  i wonder if you would deem the policy that was applied to eastern europe in the 90 's -2000 's insane . 
  question is so vague that people are forced to `` guess '' what fighting for one 's country means . 
  of course , the guess is very different depending on one 's geopolitic situation : obviously the finnish would be more willing to defend their country against a russian invasion than the germans would be to invade a random third-world country . 
  bankers hate them !, 
  5 ways to get rid of your financial crisis . 
  the 34 % that is being sold is the cnes stake .
