what a horrible tragedy . 
  hope no one else dies . 
  being pragmatic , russia will likely never join the eu . 
  it 's size and population would give it enormous voting capabilities . 
  it 's history and it 's current presidency bring ferocious opposition to ascension from fully half the continent , and hostility from most of the remaining states . 
  it 's got massive problems with corruption , militarism , gangsterism , judicial and governmental accountability and cronyism that the other post-soviet states had but on a much larger scale requiring an incalculable amount of time , manpower and money invested to bring up to code . 
  if ascension to the eu were ever likely to happen it would be decades after putin 's in the ground and the damage he 's allowed to perpetuate has had a chance to heal . 
  ah , calling / u/limitlessltd names , always the sign of a strong argument . 
  turkey does not determine what greek airspace is ; turkey determines what * turkey 's interpretation of greek airspace is . 
  * russia determines what russia 's interpretation of turkish airspace is . 
  by russia 's own interpretation of this border , russia willingly and repeatedly violated turkish airspace . 
  the same is not true for turks on greek airspace . 
  take notes , everybody else . 
  this is the kind of lesson that sticks . 
   unless you fine gentlemen want to be pedantic about it and claim that it was nato decision to shoot down ruaf aircraft in nato airspace . 
  which would meen that nato as an alliance greenlighted it . 
  which would meen that the rules of the airgame that has n't been broken since early 1950 's would change drastically to accomondate the new realities . 
  it 's hard to heart this argument from out there in the field with all those crows circling around it . 
  i 'm guessing you 've a vast amount of experience in losing arguments to come up with this . 
  what the ... ? 
  when the people who wrote the report that said russia did n't attack georgia come out and say `` yeah , we completely whitewashed their involvement in this '' you are kind of left with only one reality . 
  yes they are . 
  you 've a very flawed understanding of the actions that a hostile state could take if you think that 's what the uk and us are taking towards russia right now . 
  oh yeah i 'll totally read that, 
  that is the weakest troll i 've seen in a while . 
  only if summons were actually issued to them to disperse . 
  if you want to give me examples about the irish refusing to learn english and promoting a culture of gender-inequality and theocratic law over the laws of the state then i 'm all ears , because otherwise your response is exactly the problem with the political left these days : ideology that years ago stopped being high-minded and is now merely contrarian . 
  hyacinth bouquet . 
  yep . 
  mine too . 
  it only lacked a very angry chief whip from scotland to be perfect . 
  god should i get everyone schnapps for the super bowl party ? 
  that 'd blow everyone 's minds . 
  i demand a duel outside your closest gregg the baker 's . 
  that 's a great article by a great write reviews , in case anyone is avoiding clicking on it for whatever reason . 
  surely the sole good thing to come from this migrant disaster - and as a very pro-fed guy i call it a disaster - is that the political left must surely now admit that immigration has problems that need adressing in policy , both short and long term . 
  the idea that bringing up immigration a many issues makes you a dismiss able bigot is beyond absurd and surely this huge process has by now highlighted that for enough people . 
  literally both titles , from today and yesterday , were misleading and were explained to you how they were misleading . 
  two posts in two days from an out campaigner posting a misleading title on a topic designed to push their own political agenda . 
  just like i told you yesterday . 
  just like i 'll be telling you on monday . 
  welcome to a marsman thread , said / u/potatobliteorchestra exactly [ one day after making the same post in another thread for the same reason . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/445v58/european_union_support_for_eu_falls_among_scots/czo12qe?context=3 ), 
  winning response . 
  cogent and meaningful . 
  i 'm sorry were you under the mistaken belief that you calling me irish and adding dear to the end of every sentence gave you an ounce of control over where this was going ? 
  this has been a display of a teenager who has , in this thread , lost argument after argument before i danced my merry way in and repeatedly mocked you as a shit debater unable to carry a point or persuade anyone of your argument . 
  what 's best is the sheer cringeworthiness of your responses . 
  we can see the greasey-haired anime fan who was too nervous to debate in school furiously push his glasses up with one middle finger after using the word `` sophistry '' incorrectly . 
  you 're a stage act in awkward teenage catastrophes . 
  no no keep going tell me more about the `` irish inferiority complex '' and how despite you being depantsed in every thread in this topic * you 're * not the pseudo-intellectual looking for the last word , * dear *, 
  oh this identity you think you 're creating is adorable . 
  now push your glasses up to your face with your middle finger , just like you saw one time . 
  yup . 
  he 's banned from half the website at this point and he 's the reason i 'm on my sixth ( ? ), 
  alt account . 
   moscow used eastern germany as the showcase . 
  jesus christ is that what it was supposed to be ? 
  moscow simulated a nuclear attack on warsaw back in ' 08 . 
  i mean , how amoral do you have to be to defend that ? 
  the / u/vigorous sanction . 
  the reason he gave that speech about not invading ukraine was because people were criticizing him for invading georgia . 
  what metrics are you using where people in the age range 40-60 are under-represented in polls ? 
  these people are far more likely to vote than their younger counterparts . 
  get back to class and learn something you precocious little scamp . 
   no , it was a war game . . 
  enjoy it , this is your `` balls falling out on stream '' moment . 
   the sort of people who are perpetually under-represented by polls . 
  meaning who ? 
   your kafkaesque reasoning is persuading no one . 
  you 've no idea what that word means , do you . 
   what a silly argument . 
  do you actually believe what you just wrote ? 
  as opposed to your winning `` nothing in the eu is sovereign '' spiel ? 
  i was surprised to read that and not see the tits of kylie , 19 , from suffolk across the page . 
   eu countries are not sovereign . 
  it 's ridiculous to say that . 
  sovereign countries can control their borders , control their currency , make their own trade agreements , and their national parliaments make law . 
  if you consider greece a sovereign country after what the eu did to it i do n't know what to tell you . 
  maybe tone down the hyperbole a tad . 
  because i do n't stalk the guy . 
  and do n't cry about circlejerking either . 
  the reason we know about russia 's simulated nuclear attack on warsaw is because it was a large scale military exercise . 
  if you 'd done anything of the sort rehearsing for an attack on london or paris , we would n't have to wait for you to tell us . 
  i 've got no problem with him holding a position . 
  it 's when he posts a misleading article to influence people that it becomes an issue . 
  and do n't cry victimization . 
  it 's an overused card , put it back in the deck . 
  the us has never simulated a nuclear attack on london . 
  that would be `` an issue . '', 
  because it 's an out campaigner posting a misleading headline . 
  intentional deception to suit one 's political ends seems worth calling out . 
   germany ( your country ) invited all these people here . 
  sure some refuges would of come regardless , but in numbers the eu would of been able to handle . 
  germany decided to invite the whole muslim third world to the continent . 
  this was such a huge mistake ( which many countries warned you against ) , germany 's answer to this was to force other countries to take in more refuges . 
  but europe would not let that fly . 
  it 's logic like this that makes watching the out campaign a real treat . 
  * points at op *, 
  welcome to a marsman thread .
