  well okay , construction is anexception here too . 
  that is its own , dirty world . 
  i love it when contractors offer me a ` net ' and a ` gross ' price . 
  i know it 's the same on a much larger scale in big projects . 
  building is a special world, 
  i 'll never understand why people get bribed for such small amounts . 
  $ 5,000 is laughable , but even in austria the general who got bribed by eads for the $ 2billion sale of eurofighters for * $ 70,000 * . 
  at least come out with tonnes of cash, 
  sooo ... is netflix as good in europe as it is in the states ? 
  i always feel a little disappointed when i see everything i could buy from amazon in the states and i ca n't even buy a fucking harddrive because amazon.at is actually based in germany and there 's some sort of fucking tax that means it 's not allowed or something . 
  amazon prime in the us sounds awesome , here it 's meh, 
  it must be tough being you . 
  no , the point of this is that everyone is fucking everyone . 
  yep . 
  but i think , like many others , that it is going to change quite dramatically for what you describe to happen . 
  i would n't be surprised if this eurasian union vs european union deal becomes a thing , for example . 
  now hear me out : i do n't mean tomorrow . 
  but i do mean in the future . 
  my greatest hope is that , as nations , we become so invested in each other , both financially and culturally , that war ( at least within ) will never occur again - within my lifetime , and those in the future . 
  my mother is austrian , my father is british , my girlfriend is romanian , my sister 's boyfriend is a cypriot , etc etc : i think this , ultimately , will lead to a form of unity we have never seen before . 
  the eu , whether it is in its current form or even completely changed , will be the motor behind that with free travel , work rights , etc. 
  someone else already answered this but i still find it amazing the french occasionally cop the blame for the parliament fiasco when clearly the belgians did it . 
  i think it 's a cheap attempt at connectiing eurovision to the eu . 
  which , considering they 've sponsored the event from time to time , i guess is somewhat correct . 
  seriously just stay in the shade ( lots of trees ) until around 6 when the acts start . 
  done !, 
  camping in a tent in the peasant masses !, 
  you want to be living on the island anyway , everything else is a pain . 
  if you stay the whole week , you can take a day off in the middle to enjoy the city, 
  finally somene who agrees with me when i say the stone roses gig was amazing !, 
  no need to convince anyone , just make friends there  ridiculously easy !, 
  you want to go with people who have similar stamina to you when it comes to partying . 
  you have to understand : there is no real break if you do n't want one . 
  sure , you can go back to your tent ( and you will ) , but if you 're having a good time why would you ? 
  if you do n't feel comfortable going with your friend but are okay with approaching people you wo n't have any difficulties . 
  personally i like going to concerts with people , but for example you can meet your tent neighbours and just hang out with them if you get on well with them . 
  if not ? 
  move on !, 
  there 's another bunch of tents and minivans 10 feet away . 
  i would n't bother with the `` vip camping '' though . 
  fuck that . 
  go in cheap and go in dirty . 
  another advantage with knowing a big group of neighbours is that your stuff is less likely to get stolen ( whole tents have been stolen before ) just move your tent closer because eventually there will always be one person around getting over a monstrous hangover . 
  avoid camping too close to the paths and roads . 
  let others buy the stuff you should n't be having  never drink the last half-inch in your beercup , it 's what makes you sick . 
  the beer is frankly quite shit but it does the job . 
  the electronic payment system will make you overspend when shitfaced i always went with friends , girlfriends , whatever . 
  sometimes i wanted to split off - with friends that 's ok , with the girlfriend obviously less so and that was a little annoying once or twice because she wanted to go to bed and i did n't . 
  a lot of people are fucking in their tents . 
  let them be , it 's poor form to start banging on the sides or whatever . 
  stay away if you hate french people . 
  or at least stay away from them at the festival . 
  they 'll be everywhere as are the dutch , germans , brits , austrians and italians, 
  it 's really not the lineup that s all that inportant . 
  there is always something good . 
  it 's fucking legendary . 
  been a few times and you will definitely have a mental time . 
  it is definitely worth it , and you will discover new types of music to enjoy just by walking by . 
  explore it . 
  be open-minded about it . 
  get fucking smashed with random people . 
  you can usually buy tickets there but they 're more expensive . 
  you do n't need to do the whole week . 
  but you should . 
  i think this is interesting because in a sense , i agree . 
  but i love travelling and using airbnb as well . 
  it 's so much less of a pain in the ass than hotels and hostels as soon as you are 2 or more travellers . 
  nothing gets stolen , no loud neighbours , did i mention nothing gets stolen ? 
  i can usually find central locations if i book far enough in advance . 
  i can get home whenever in the night , it 's the same price and twice so far i have been brought to and from the airport for free by the owner . 
  i know that last one is a fringe benefit brought to us by the fact they are n't paying taxes , but it 's a relief after long trips . 
  basically , it 's bad but it feels soooo good, 
  also my biggest fear . 
  i am totally oblivious to peoples ' motivations other than the obvious when they talk to me . 
  especially if they let ger perform a few times het guard must have been extremely low . 
  however i doubt they will shoot her , she might be stuck in jail for a long time though, 
  total fucking bellend this is n't exactly the first time he 's said stupid shit . 
  they have n't failed at all . 
  keep it up though . 
  others already did, 
  no , the `` downvote brigade '' came because you were just adding wrong information and noise to the conversation, 
  what 's the point of showing pictures of people that are n't interesting ? 
  as someone who has a lot of contact with romanians in austria , everything you said is pretty much correct . 
  most i know would get upset and say `` this is not a true representation of romania '' or whatever . 
  the equivalent here would be lederhosen-wearing farmers , prolos at prater and hipsters around town . 
  who cares ? 
  those are the interesting photos , everyday people are not interesting to take pictures of, 
  time for the mongolians to invade, 
  it 's easy . 
  my friend started a nature reserve in the central african republic and just wrote google an email with coordinates . 
  done . 
  do n't forget the clampdown on foreign dog rescue orgs . 
  not sure on the specifics but there was a raid on one of the doghomes and the video shows guys from your animal control cracking cages open and dragging the dogs ( that were already set for adoption ) away . 
  can i get an explanation of what actually happened because my source - the org we got our former stray from - is frothing at the mouth , pretty much . 
  seems a little too biased, 
   there is a saying is moscow that goes like this : the only place with less freedom of speech than russia is a discussion forum dominated by liberals . 
  you are adorable, 
  romanian chicks use a ton of smileys with non-boyfriend material as well . 
  source : my girlfriend is romanian and if i chat to her friends they all add lots of these :  ) ) ) ) ) :'( (   ) ) ) she could still be flirting with you though, 
  actually i was surprised at how many people were cycling in lisbon and porto over the summer .
