  surprised at romania being lower than bulgaria . 
  i 'd have though the whole siebenb\u00fcrgen / kronstadt etc connection would have meant a higher level . 
  heck , i 've heard people speaking their brand of s\u00e4chsisch in brasov in the street, 
  i do not get the obsession with winning . 
  it 's a fun little event to watch and of course i 'd get blind drunk if we won ( haha , austrian here , last time we won colour tv did n't exist ) , but depending on who wins it you 'd think they 'd won the world cup !, 
  just the thought makes me anxious . 
  my girlfriend has been pushing to move back to her hometown but just being in the same city ... woah, 
  it 's weird . 
  as an austrian , 25 years old , i know of absolutely nobody who lives at home with his parents . 
  i do know quite a few who are still ( illegally ) registered there for some reason . 
  also , i know of rich kids whose parents buy an appartment for them and own it . 
  does that count ? 
  i 'm surprised it 's dropped in the last five years , considering the unemployment situation for youth ? 
  i can believe it if the parents are retired especially . 
  pentions are very very low in hungary ( and romania too , no ? ), 
  man i would want to shoot myself if , after finally moving out , they moved * in * . 
  it 's not that i hate my parents , but i definitely appreciate living alone with my girlfriend, 
  but what about our ski slopes ? 
  see , you guys all get along now . 
  why do n't you just recreate yugoslavia and ignore the last 20-40 years of history ? 
  but if there 's a clear sky it 'll get cold :( the clouds are keeping us warm , praise them, 
  hmm - and is that coming to central europe as well ? 
  is that pink patch going to move south and freeze us ? 
  so are we going to get icepunched in the nuts like north america or are we done with winter this year ? 
  vienna is awesome at the moment , it 's humid and a little foggy but rain is rare . 
  i hate snow, 
  who 's the dude with a gun to his head ? 
  absolutely , i have no doubt . 
  but when the difference for the exact same treatment ( i have teeth that need a lot of work , i hate my young self ) is pay $ 15,000 , or $ 3000 , it 's definitely a big difference . 
  because $ 15,000 is a little under a year 's salary for me, 
  that 's kinda what happens when you pay them absolutely fuck all . 
  however , next time i go to romania i 'm going the dentist . 
  holy shit it 's cheap, 
  well you know , one that still respects * most * human rights :d, 
  the reason they sell to everyone is that `` everyone else does , so why ca n't we ? '' . 
  austrian here , i watched a documentary on syrian rebels and there it was , an austrian-made stg-77 ... wonder how he got that ? 
  and in cellars , all the time . 
  vienna suffered a lot during the pest as well , leads to some fascinatingly morbid stories and a lot of the city 's traditions are still related . 
  for example a special brand of folk music called `` wiener lieder '' is essentially always about death and loss, 
  heh , well of course , they 're trying to get you to spend money :d, 
  well his role can not be ignored , that 's for sure . 
  nevertheless , i do n't think he would be classed as austria 's biggest hero . 
  he 's * a * hero , but we tend to glorify those who held out as well, 
  i 'm sure there 's something missing from that story , she was probably at the limit as well and could n't lay seige forever . 
  i 'd imagine the romans likely embellished their account somewhat, 
  more of a cultural icon than a hero though , surely ? 
  everyone knows she was totally batshit bonkers, 
  not sure , i thought about adding him but changed my mind . 
  whilst he is somewhat respected and has overcome terrible adversity , oddly i do n't think i 've ever heard of him being described as a hero . 
  this could be because of his career after f1 with the airlines , this has n't gone amazingly well , particularly the first try . 
  add to that the million-euro baseball cap sponsorship and a reputation ( used to comedic effect in adverts ) as a bit of a penny-pinching scrooge and i think a bit of the hero worship has slid off . 
  baumgartner on the other hand is still pushing limits , breaking records for the hell of it ( and redbull money but it 's not the same thing ) . 
  i think that kind of fits better . 
  i 'm clutching at straws anyway, 
  they have observer-status i believe , just about because of various human rights abuses etc. 
  same as japan and the usa o_o, 
  to be honest , i feel we 're kind of short on heroes everyone knows about really . 
  prince eugene of savoy is a name that gets thrown around a lot , but in fairness he was actually born in france . 
  nevertheless , he beat back the ottomans and a lot of people like that . 
  in terms of living heroes , maybe felix baumgartner ? 
  austria has an expensive one as well . 
  if you have anything that can receive tv signals in any way , you are paying the tv liscence fee . 
  i pay the radio one because i did n't have a tv , but i did have a computer and internet . 
  for some reason they do n't broadcast tv online ( or did n't ) . 
  in any case i am paying $ 7/month instead of 22 , and i 'm going to keep it that way as long as possible . 
  my tv is only for my xbox , orf is almost completely shit, 
  fucking bears man , i told you, 
  quick google gave me this : http://www.montania.ro/en_touring.htm i went to the busteni lift with friends and made my way down , but we had some problems with unfit members of the group so only did one tour . 
  i hear there 's no real snow yet this year :(, 
  although i can understand not liking bucharest at first glance , it actually has really nice parts that you likely missed . 
  especially cos the train station area and many others suck big balls . 
  forget the people 's house and communist memorabilia , it 's all in the modern side of the city . 
  still would n't move there though, 
  definitely worth it and not too far away from austria !, 
  if you 're into ski touring it 's good fun as well, 
  i can imagine it 's because of the bears . 
  i worked in tourism for a while and am surprised at the russians being the best customers . 
  in the sense that they do bring a fair amount of cash , yes , but they 're hard work as well, 
  in fairness i think romania is especially well-suited to shoe-string budget travel by young adults till about thirty ( at the moment , and i 'm talking about foreigners only ) . 
  i go at least once a year and have a hard time imagining going to a few places with my nonexistant kids . 
  the established touristy stuff in italy , france , spain , portugal and greece as well as other mediteranean countries offers what average families want i.e. 
  beach and the kids off doing kid activities . 
  these exist in romania but have virtually no reputation , good or bad . 
  all you need is a couple of horror stories like i had in one of those planet resorts ( uranus ? 
  i cant remember ) and it puts people off . 
  and although the mountains are great and all , especially cheap , factoring in the stress of going to say moieciu for the nature reserve , with kids , i 'm not sure if i 'd rather pay a third extra but spend my holidays in my own austrian alps . 
  the delta is also nice , but again only applies to a certain segment of the holiday-going population , and they 're not the ones who said overpriced and overrated italy was their preferred destination . 
  i think romania is on the way to developing a powerful tourism industry , but do n't expect the st tropez crowd anytime soon . 
  dozens , sounds like so much , is actually almost nothing, 
  somebody , somewhere , is a dead man, 
  keep pushing guys !, 
  eventually , you 'll get those basescu is letting be because of affiliations . 
  give romania another 10 years , and a lot of shit is going to change in the right direction , i think . 
  all you need is a political party worth your time , and i 'm kinda hoping that rosia montana momentum will spring someone up , at least . 
  in the same vein , serbia around 2001/2/3 was a massive culture shock for me , although i was just in my teens . 
  bombed out buildings and bridges are so weird to be around, 
  clearly all they 'd have to do is attack the left flank, 
  that small part of tirol they always drive through does n't really count , but i suppose you 're right . 
  the tunnel between italy and denmark is finally completed !, 
  no more german middleman !,
