  what is true is that austrians fall into two groups : those who seek treatment at the last minute , and hypochondriacs . 
  as such , there can be cultural misunderstandings as doctors try to guage how sick you really are . 
  or you 're not an eu citizen , in which it can be complicated - again , i do n't know about that . 
  all in all i 've found vienna and austrians , as a relative newcomer myself ( 7 years now ) , to be a little bit cold and unwelcoming initially , but once you persevere and break down the barriers it opens up . 
  there are opportunities left and right , you just have to be willing to take them when they appear and not get fixated on a certain company or organisation ( like many do with the un organisations , iaea , unodc and fao etc ) . 
  i would recommend a german course , but especially because it 's just dumb not to learn the language of where you move to, 
  well , since everything else has been said , do n't forget about austria , vienna in particular . 
  english is fine , it people are needed , not cheap but salaries tend to be very good and paid out 13 or 14 times a year . 
  with one of the lowest unemployment rates in europe there are opportunities everywhere . 
  and a fair amount of english-speaking expats from all over . -, 
  tell anyone we 're against free speech and we 'll rip out your tongue !, 
  what with vienna being so close ( ~ 80km ? ), 
  i 'm surprised i have n't been there more often . 
  once , we drove ao bratislava 's ikea because the viennese one was closed at 6pm on a saturday and theirs open till like 11 . 
  plenty of people commute over the boarder every day , living in austria / slovakia and working in the other . 
  i think that 's pretty cool . 
  there used to be an actual tram that went all the way to bratislava from vienna . 
  i 'm a little embarrassed and should know more . 
  off to read up !, 
  used to be a part of czechoslovakia , i remember actually going when it was still called that . 
  my god every time i read about the romanian church i want to rage , and i usually couldnt give two shits about religions . 
  it 's just so ... nnnnng, 
  i could be british-austrian but my dad ( british side ) never bothered when i was a kid , and austrian was automatic despite being born in london due to an austrian mother . 
  now my only chance to get british is basically if i 'm persecuted at home , i do n't think i 'd get it for any other reason . 
  which is a shame actually , because british passports are awesome for travelling around the commonwealth ( example : i paid $ 100 for the ghana visa , double what brits pay ) . 
  stuff like visas for australia are also harder on an austrian passport . 
  this is clearly a long time ago , since it 's been some time since you needed to do two whole years of military service . 
  conscription is pretty different from voluntarily joining the air force though . 
  who knows ? 
  perhaps he flew some pretty awesome jets !, 
  portugal has pretty tough austerity measures and huge unemployment figures - is there any rise in extremism left or right ? 
  i did n't notice any this summer but my portuguese is terrible and we were in lisbon / porto , where everything looks awesome . 
  maybe it 's because you have less immigrants ? 
  really ? 
  never had that problem with them in austria . 
  weird . 
  anyway i can just charge my normal atm card with `` quick '' and use that instead of cash . 
  yeah , you have to know ahead of time that you 're coming . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but it was n't difficult to get all these tests done in france, 
  i do n't want to get embroiled in a discussion over the contents of the article , but does the site seem like a weird news source to anyone else in general ? 
  some of the other headlines are , umm , unique as well . 
  it 's not as complicated as it used to be to take pets into the uk , your vet can tell you the steps to take . 
  my dog came over with no quarantine period a few years ago . 
  apparently a real issue was a massive spat with the sp\u00d6 / \u00d6vp re-arranging precincts and fusing them together . 
  i do n't know exactly what happened but it played right into the hands of the fp\u00d6 , who as a protest vote party won a lot of people over, 
  not surprising , i dont know why so many are shocked . 
  it 's always around that, 
  well then make him pay the fine until he complies . 
  the rules are n't there to be ignored . 
  why is n't a separate smoking / non smoking area sufficient for you ? 
  do n't need to go that far , when i lived in brussels every neighbourhood just had a small corner shop ( or several ) open from 17-8 every night . 
  it was great !, 
  do n't eat langos more than once every couple of months anyway , you 'll get sick of it, 
  austria : real , good , night shops / corner shops open on a sunday , in my neighbourhood , not at the train station with the rest of the city . 
  better online stores , we kind of seem to be lagging behind . 
  in fact better online everything, 
  exactly . 
  i use a bike in vienna now because it 's safer and safer to do so and waaaaay faster than cars or public transport over short distances . 
  you see the same in , say , bucharest , where cycling on many streets was actually * illegal * because it was so dangerous . 
  now it 's getting a ( little ) better and people are actually buying bikes . 
  i like many zwickl and also the stiegl weisse is imho the best widely available wei\u00dfbier . 
  it 's not overly sweet . 
  try some fischer, 
  my favourite french beer is , like kro , brewed in alsace : fischer !, 
  in austria conscription was kept mostly because old people are terrified of what would happen if there were no one doing civilian service . 
  many who do civilian service \u00b4 ( alternative to military ) work in old people 's homes , are paramedics , etc. 
  if there 's no military , there 's no justifiable reason to keep civilian . 
  i know that one of the reasons women are n't forced to do it in austria is the expectation that they will likely get pregnant at some point , and `` serve their country '' in this way . 
  i make no promise that this makes any sense, 
  every state in austria has at least one brand that is more popular than the rest . 
  most popular : apparently , puntigamer is the most sold beer in austria . 
  i do n't think i 've ever even had it . 
  best one : stiegl is my favourite, 
  i 've been to bucharest , brasov , sibiu , sigisoara , pitesti , vama veche , sinaia , mamaia , constanta , and a couple of other places i ca n't remember the name of . 
  bogdan is n't biblical is it ? 
  neither is andrada , ca n't think of others right now, 
  just a shame that it 's only really starting now . 
  the project has been going for years, 
  your patriarch sounds like a bit of a douche . 
   costs less than the airport . 
  well no fucking shit . 
  the airport will contribute far more to the region than any religious building !, 
  $ 500m to make some people like they 're getting closer to god ... out of itnerest , does anyone know what was `` sacrificed '' by the government to cover half the cost ? 
  good dentists from what i 've heard though !, 
  it 's also the second-biggest building in the world ( by m \u00b2 ) , after the pentagon, 
  where do you live ? 
  and why did you move there ? 
  weirdly enough though , it seems to be said especially by the sub-30 crowd . 
  would that seem right to a romanian ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard an older person say it , especially in this way . 
  although i am amused by the mental picture of shephard with his hat going on a ` hai sambac pula mea ' tirade . 
   i also do n't agree to the massive cathedral thing , but most of my co-nationals like the idea . 
  it might have a long-term impact as an interesting religious-tourism point at some time in the future . 
  that would be fine , except that 's not the reason it 's being built . 
  you have plenty of tourist attractions already , very pretty churches and the like already . 
  it 's a waste of money and it 'll take years to recoup the investment . 
  that money could find better uses . 
  fellow austrian here . 
  although i ca n't find the statistics now , there are indeed a fuckton of romanian women working as prostitutes all over austria . 
  just walk up the g\u00fcrtl at night near the brothels and you 'll hear them speaking romanian .
