  best-selling album at the moment , since singles all seem to be foreign , is from die seer . 
  [ an examlpe of their musical prowess ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m0-5vytoco ) glanzleistung . 
  i 'd try to live in romania for a while for no other reason than the fact that my girlfriend is from bucharest . 
  i understand a fair bit of the language by now , ( 6 years of informal training would get me to at least b2 level by now ) and my family is scattered all over the place anyway so that 's not a factor . 
  vienna is kinda slow , a little bit \u00fcbersafe and i find myself stagnating a little . 
  plus , i reckon there aren #t too many native speakers of english there , although i 've heard of some . 
  plus , there 's a lot of potential ngo work that can be done in and around bucharest , and then the rest of the country . 
  a lot of potential , and since it 's a real possibility i really want to give it a try . 
  however . 
  i do n't think i 'd want to spend the rest of my life there . 
  sometimes i get very frustrated with romanians , their opinions and mindsets and it gets heated . 
  i 've had a lot of big arguments over things ranging from taxi drivers trying to rip me off ( once was talking on the * phone * about how dumb i was , thinking i did n't understand him ) to the everpresent roma issues , but the worst is the way romanians see the way others see them . 
  they think everyone hates them because of their gypsies flooding the rest of europe . 
  it 's a tiring argument . 
  anyway , i think romania is a place where i would , for the most part , feel wanted and welcome . 
  and i think that 's very nice . 
  plus , if it does n't work out with the current one , there 'd be plenty of other hot chicks . 
  not speaking german does n't really seem to be an issue for any english-speaking expat i have ever met in vienna . 
  you learn it with time once you 're here and a couple of courses . 
  there 's too many foreigners in my group of people to even bother with german half the time , english is defacto tongue 75 % of the time . 
  as a hungarian who will be part of glorious habsburg rebirth empire , you should be proud, 
  i think german humour exists , there are many funny germans , but is often beaten down repeatedly by less funny loud shit , particularly on tv . 
  also , terrible standup comedy that makes me want to stab my ears . 
  it 's so low , it relies on bad slapstick , silly voices / accents , making `` funny '' faces / movements and , of course ( like a lot of english humour that pisses me off ) a lot of repetition . 
  in austria , every lecture starts 15 minutes late ( s.t and c.t. 
  is a big deal here as well ) to cater for late people . 
  of course , this means that there 's always some people who come even later.\u00f6, 
  too much fraud and you feel ripped off every time you cash one . 
  at least i did ( you get a lower exchange rate than for cash ) also credit cards working abroad have made them virtually obsolete . 
  even when i was in ghana . 
  any bill you receive in austria comes as a zahlschein unless you arrange bank transfers ( lastschrift ) . 
  it 's a pink and blue piece of paper where you put your account , their account , amount , reason for paying and signatuerw . 
  what are the advantages of a check as opposed to a normal bank transfer ? 
  yeah but isn t a zahlschein essentially the same thing or at least the replacement ? 
  haha , no . 
  it may be that in hungary , all your criminals are roma , but this is definitely not the case even just across the boarder in austria . 
  with `` travelling '' , they do not mean nomad . 
  they mean `` drive across the boarder , break in and take everything , drive back home again '' . 
  the hungarians who drove across the boarder after the floods and ransacked austrians ' possessions that were drying in the sun ? 
  not roma . 
  the car thieves who stole an entire carlot worth of cars in one night using trucks and went across into slovakia ? 
  not roma , but a very organised band of professionals . 
  roma favour the easy target and will not break into a jewellers or even rob it at gunpoint . 
  roma throw a kid through the window and hope that he finds the keys to open the front door , enabling them to rob the house . 
  i know this because we fucking found a roma kid in our house before . 
  they wo n't break into the millionaire 's very well-secured home with cameras and dogs . 
  that is reserved for the , if we must use ethnicities , slavic , turkish or even , you know , local criminals ( after all , we 've got our own criminals too ) driving over the border for a night . 
  ask the germans about polish car thieves . 
  ask italians about the albanian mafia . 
  ask austrians about `` yugo '' or romanian pimps who set prostitutes on fire . 
  they are not , to a large extent , roma . 
  do n't spout your racist bullshit when you 've felt `` shamed '' by western media ( hint : we 're not shaming you , it 's an article ) . 
  worse , it is naive apologist nationalist ego-masturbation , likely because your 2nd cousin 's best friend is in a french jail for petty crime because he got `` framed '' by some super-smart , manipulative roma 's gold ring or something . 
  so yes , they are definitely something other than roma . 
  i love romania , it 's one of my favourite countries in the world and my girlfriend is from there . 
  i love hungary , i love serbia . 
  but you guys do n't understand the realities of criminality in the pre-2000 eu states . 
  it 's not just the gypsies , and it 's fucking pathetic to think that it is . 
  who cares ? 
  you ca n't only blame them i 'm afraid . 
  i know , it 'd be easier for your proud and pure hungarian mind to understand , but not all eastern european criminals are roma . 
  far from it . 
  yes , they beg and pickpocket , and break into homes as well . 
  but they 're not the pros this article is focusing on . 
  yeah but if you know romanians who live * in * austria , there are many things they might even go back for . 
  my girlfriend is from bucharest and she still has a hard time with paying hairdressers more than six euros simply because it would be so much cheaper at home . 
  not to mention the monthly `` care package '' the parents dutifully send using atlasib . 
  contains anything from sunflower seeds and assorted romanian snacks that are hard to find in vienna ( rom chocolate ) to weird stuff like a 2 litre bottle of fucking pepsi . 
  there is some truth to some traditionally expensive brands in romania being cheaper in austria . 
  especially those that are not officially represented , for example primark . 
  i 've seen primark stuff sold in a shop in bucharest for easily 5 to 6 times the normal ludicrously cheap price , simply because there is ( or was ? ), 
  no official primark shop there . 
  also vienna has the parndorf outlet and romanians love that hellhole because it 's expensive brands at a severe discount , like burberry or cool snowboarder brands like burton, 
  it s funny because in general that s what i 'd have guessed based purely on experience with travel and anecdotal evidence . 
  obviously not in so much detail . 
  alcohol and cigarettes cheapish in austria , everything else expensive . 
  we got our priorities right , clearly, 
  well i hope those investments i 've made there will finally pay off :d in all seriousness , good . 
  a little extra clout for europe , whether eu or not , can only be a great thing in the long run . 
  austrian ( from vienna ) hopping onto the german-speaking bandwagon : - bist du deppert : anything from `` holy shit ! '', 
  to `` are you fucking stupid ? '', 
  - i schei\u00df mi on : fuck this , i 'm shitting myself ( i 'm angry ) . 
  - schei\u00df-glumpert : fucking piece of shit ( like a tv not working , not a human ) - des is a kasperltheater : this is a muppet show , generally aimed at politicians or inept organisers of something - wappler : incompetent prick there 's a lot of good expressions but i ca n't think of them right now . 
  alternatively just `` gusch '' : shut the fuck up, 
  i think you need some context for these : turnbeutelvergesser is more about being the type of person who `` forgets '' their gym bag for sports lessons . 
  warmduscher is someone who showers lukewarm because they 're the type of person who ca n't stand it when it 's hot or cold ( basically , a pussy ), 
  i enjoyed that , thanks . 
  good read . 
  when i was about 13-14 , my mum got a job in belgrade for a couple of years . 
  we decided not to take everything with us when we moved , only the most important things we would need , all stuffed into our old red audi 80 . 
  the drive from france to belgrade was long and arduous , but eventually we made it to outside our apartment . 
  all of us were bursting for a piss , so my mum took us upstairs and then we 'd begin unloading the car . 
  10 minutes later we came back down and the car was gone . 
  two things : luckily , my mum had taken her handbag . 
  that would have been pretty awkward otherwise , without passports or money in unknown country . 
  second , it was n't so much that the car had gotten stolen , but especially the stuff inside it . 
  clothes , my dad 's favourite records ( he could only take a few on the first ride ) , my xbox and gameboy :( ... 
  i was pretty fucking furious . 
  we went to the police , who `` tried '' to find it to avoid an international diplomatic incident or something , but of course nothing was ever recovered and i like to think that somewhere in kosovo , a red audi 80 still drives around with my level 100 mewtwo . 
  the cops said the thieves had likely spotted our car at the boarder and followed us ever since .
