  it 's not a country that `` moves '' a lot , we 're mot as busy as other places, 
  i 'm going to visit portugal this summer - what should n't i miss under any circumstances ? 
  i do n't deny that a kid should n't see the most messed up porn ( bestiality and violent sadism porn ) out there , and of course there is the point that we also need to look at what age of child we are talking about ( ie . 
  no hardcore porn of any sort is really appropriate for a 10 year old , but frankly we 're being naive if we think 17 year olds ca n't handle ` easy ' stuff and they will get ahold of it ) . 
  any parent should inform themselves of the ways to monitor their children 's online activity , and i would include violent content just as much as pornographic . 
  i do n't think it was beneficial to me in any way to have access to rotten.com and the like when i was in my early teens . 
  i do n't blame my parents really , they were just clueless , but i do n't think isp blocking would have been effective either . 
  lastly , you do n't know what the parents are into : so if they unlock the isp 's pornblock , the child has access too . 
  that 's why software would be more effective . 
  then you can pick and choose who has access to what , rather than a ban on the whole house . 
  why is it up to the government to block porn access for children ? 
  what ? 
  like you said , your parents did n't let you watch freddy kruger , and let 's face it : if you 'd * really * wanted a copy , you could have found a way . 
  parents can install porn-blockers , or even better : monitor their kids ' internet usage !, 
  do n't worry , it 'll be easy to avoid , just like the piratebay block . 
  conservative mps do n't want to be on an `` opt out list '' to spank the monkey either . 
   already at the turn of the 19th century , vienna had a population of more than a million just to add that when the empire collapsed , vienna 's population crashed . 
  this made renting and buying apartments quite cheap for a while . 
  and my family failed to capitalise fuck, 
   you are the imperial overlords of petrol prices in my country cu placere !, 
  fines that are collected `` on the spot '' are called `` bribes '' if they 're high . 
  they like staying near a cash machine , holding a radar gun at night . 
  any fine can be requested to be paid later but is often cheaper to pay immediately , as you pay a `` beaurocracy fee '', 
  this , like in many catholic countries , is very prevalent among the rural population , but i do n't think you 'll find this is all that popular in vienna, 
  whilst this used to be the case , with time and the amount of tourists mentioning it it 's starting to get recognised . 
  most people just have n't seen the movie or know the songs , they just know it exists . 
  yeah i do n't believe they 're all libertarian either , not sure how `` fiscally liberal '' they really are . 
  certainly , i think many of them are liberal when it comes to social questions like women 's , possibly even lgbt , rights , alcohol / drug laws , etc etc. 
  i ownly know about the knights of st john , and that there is a massive system of tunnels under the island that kids got lost in once , and then they died . 
  well if that 's not something they have in common with the rest of europe , i do n't know what is, 
  what needs to happen for it to get better though ? 
  how we are seen : austria : a corrupt german extention . 
  hitler mozart arnold and cellar dungeons how we see others : germany : less corrupt robots with the worst tv humour in the world . 
  czech republic : alcoholics and mission impossible and drugs are basically legal hungary : a fallen empire that ( thinks it ) will rise again slovenia : if you 're corinthian you do n't like them , anywhere else in austria you likedo n't care italia : ciao , bella , vespapapapapapa . 
  ti , amo , ti amo ti , amo slovakia : the cheaper austria switzerland : the more expensive austria, 
  so you 're saying someone who shot himself was in a healthy state of mind ? 
  he was not right in the head . 
  his martyrdom was pointless and self-inflicted . 
  i 'm just glad he did n't take anybody with himself . 
   the government is essentially stripping away the very meaning of marriage as far as those protesters are concerned . 
  you might be surprised to find they think that 's oppressive in and of itself . 
  but in their mind there are already millions of marriages that are meaningless because they do n't have children , so what do the gays have to do with it ? 
  just do n't consider their wedding as `` a real one '' and move on with your life . 
  the `` very meaning of marriage '' in their repressed world view was stripped away long ago , at the latest when divorce became possible . 
   as in a blatant untruth 1.2 million children in france alone , and that was in 2006 . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.insee.fr/fr/themes/document.asp?ref_id=ip1259 ) that 's a lot of kids where either mum or dad lives somewhere else . 
   i personally do n't see it . 
  i do , when i see two men walking down the street holding hands , maybe even sharing a kiss , and they do n't get arrested or worse . 
  i understand that a conservative likely would n't share that view , but it really does n't matter . 
  gay marriage is just another step in the right direction . 
  no , it actually has n't to any satisfying degree . 
  the simple fact is , being anti-gay marriage is homophobic and anti-gay . 
  a group of people is being singled out and you have no rational reason to block gay marriage , especially with such vitriol . 
  which is why states that can afford it are moving away from orphanages and towards foster care . 
  the order for children to receive the development they need is quite simple : - with their family , that loves them , and is a good-enough parent . 
  if a parent has died , is not there , or whatever , it matters but this is still the best option . 
  - foster care - alternative , family-based care ( think sos children 's villages ) - institutions such as orphanages . 
  it 's been mentioned plenty elsewhere why not wanting gay-marriage is homophobic . 
   please . 
  that 's as rhetorically low as you can go and barely constitutes an argument . 
  really ? 
  the guy who shot himself was n't insane ? 
  tell me why by addressing what i said in the very next sentence , rather than artificially elevating yourself into a position of moral superiority . 
  he shot himself in some terrible effort at martyrdom that does not equate to any rational kind of thought . 
   really ? 
  i 'd say a secular conservative would n't necessarily look upon the places that have gone through with it with much favor . 
  why not ? 
  canada , norway , the netherlands , sweden , etc are all cess-pools of debauchery according to `` secular '' conservatives ? 
  why do you focus so much on the secular , when you say so many of them come from a catholic background ? 
   you think conservatives are fond of that as well ? 
  if anything they want to prevent it going further that way . 
  even the oldest marriage laws , assyrian and babylonian in origin , only leaves one out of monogamy and that 's if the woman is barren . 
  i have difficulty understanding your point . 
  are you saying conservatives think people should be able to get married ( stay married ) if children are n't part of the equation ? 
   not even close , though i dare say you want that to be true . 
  oh , come off it , a rarity in the over-exaggerated sense , yawn  not that it matters as that 's not what he 's saying . 
  he 's quite obviously saying the inspiration are their protest movements . 
  of course it matters , particularly because their protest movements were always against an oppressive force of some sort , mlk was talking about giving people rights , not preventing others from having them . 
  mlk and gandhi may have had negative views , but luckily society has moved forward since they lived . 
  why should married straight couples get benefits ? 
  because children ? 
  okay . 
  should childless married couples ( by choice , or not ) get no benefits because no children ? 
  the man who shot himself was insane , academic or not . 
  that his worldview was so warped that he was unable to live in a world where gay marriage is a reality is completely crazy . 
  gay marriage has had no negative consequences in other countries , france can take it too . 
  yes , marriage is for the children . 
  that 's why people who do n't want children also get married . 
  they get married because of the benefits they get being married that they would not , if they were not . 
  they get married because they love each other , and it means something in our society to get married . 
  kind of , what with the massive divorce rate . 
  children growing up with both their parents in the same house are a rarity and i certainly do n't see that trend changing . 
  they can quote gandhi and mlk all they want , they 're not using them correctly in the context . 
  how can * preventing * rights being given to a group of people be mlk ? 
  are they off their tits on drugs ? 
  i do n't care that mlk himself was homophobic , he was fighting his own fight for black people in the states . 
  not against white people , for black people . 
  my god this article stinks of bullshit, 
  as an austrian i was n't outraged by the fact we did n't get into the final , we were terrible . 
  but can i just say that there is clearly something wrong and fishy going on when rappers dressed as astronauts and not a single one of the ex-yougoslav countries goes on to the next round .
