  i understand why they do n't take gypsies , but accept that it 's a reality of their lives just as much of the taxi driver 's . 
  i spend most of my time with romanians , have been to romania several times for extended periods over the last few years . 
  i know what cocalari are , i 'm not just pulling this out of my ass . 
  i do n't think you can equate them with chavs , except perhaps the glorification of money and lower-class , low-education backgrounds they have . 
  i 've admitted i was wrong about the politicians , i 'll admit i assumed the rhetoric would continue from the normal population upwards . 
  every * single * romanian i have met has wanted to talk to me about gypsies ( and the different types of people they consider gypsies or not ) at some point , sometimes it was the first topic of conversation after introduction , for no logical reason . 
  literally , their thought process was `` ah , a foreigner , better explain gypsies to him . '', 
  and there are themes such as the ones i 've already mentioned that i see repeated over and over and over again . 
  these are what you would call `` normal '' romanians , that is to say white , well-educated , middle class . 
  and the one that comes out the most is this : romanians think we hate them because of gypsies , whether it is the way they have been treated in romania or the fact that they 're ` invading ' our cities with beggars . 
  therefore , if the gypsy problem would be solved , everyone would love romanians . 
  or something . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  by the way , i am perfectly happy to take the shit right back . 
  i 'm not even sure how the austrian administration handles gypsies , but i know we likely do n't do so particularly well either . 
  lol pseudo-intellectual douche from the west . 
  nice . 
  and what are you ? 
  maybe i was wrong about the politicians , but romanians themselves use gypsies as a scapegoat all the time . 
  people can have opinions about things that happen elsewhere , i do n't need to be romanian to see the shit that is happening there with my own eyes . 
  you 're one of those romanians with an inferiority complex , you think we ( by which i mean eu15 ) think you suck . 
  and you think we think this because of either the gypsies causing trouble at our home , or because of the way you treat gypsies , or even both . 
  bleeding-heart liberal hippy * pseudo-intellectuals * or misguided racists : in your eyes , we mistreat you , despise you and hate you . 
  when in reality the truth is far more boring : no one gives a shit . 
  your failure to see the big picture in the argument , that you need to ignore everything else i said to `` prove '' that you are right , is just classic . 
  i love romania and romanians , i 'm thinking of moving there permanently rather than visit several times a year , but i do n't know if i could take this self-pitying ego-masturbation that happens whenever someone foreign dares to talk about something they `` know nothing about because they 're not romanian '', 
  ah but the ones with a german passport are of turkish or albanian or somethingstan origin !, 
  they 're not * real * germans . 
  just like gypsies are n't real romanians , i dare say . 
  yes , although they have their own dialect i would think most speak normal romanian as well . 
  the gypsy beggars in vienna all speak and understand romanian , at least the ones i 've spoken to . 
  haha !, 
  yes !, 
  perfect , then , when we 've figured it out , and no gypsy is a criminal anymore ( or has been exterminated ) , we 'll never find another criminal with a romanian passport again - because the only criminals with romanian passports are gypsies ? 
  right ` * right ? 
  the shit you took before 2007 was perfectly valid shit to take . 
  roma are a problem , but also a convenient scapegoat to use for politicians and the like . 
  there is real , institutionalised hatred for them in your country and you 're all either fucking blind to it or encourage it . 
  it can come as absolutely no surprise that they give you the finger right back when you blame all of your problems on gypsies or ( my favourite ) , `` gypsy-like '' people , such as cocalari . 
  then people can be gypsies without even being gypsies because of the colour of their skin , the way they act or speak . 
  that way , it 's still only the gypsies ruining it for everyone . 
  i 'm not saying it 's romania 's fault that gypsies act the way they do . 
  that 'd be unfair . 
  since they get treated like shit wherever they go or are from , and have criminal elements pretty much wherever they go as well , we can see this in many other countries . 
  sorry , but you 're deluding yourself if you think roma in romania get less opportunities solely for educational reasons . 
  there is an understandable mistrust of all roma in romania and you can see it every day . 
  i 've been to romania quite a few times , it 's been explained to me how they 're the scum of the earth a hundred times . 
  romanians like to blame absolutely everything on them . 
  fine . 
  but then do n't pretend it 's because they 're uneducated that they ca n't find employment . 
  i remember sitting on a bench in bucharest , eating a sandwich and watching a roma mother and her two kids trying to get a taxi . 
  no fucking chance . 
  yes , they 're scared of driving into roma neighborhoods or that she wo n't pay , i can understand it . 
  but they were turning her away before she even got a chance to say a word . 
  ok whilst everyone has their opinion about roma , i 'd like to know something : if they wanted to organise a meeting between the two communities and the roma were not represented because they do n't speak german , * why the fuck did n't they get an interpreter ? 
  * it 's not like there are no non-roma romanians in germany either . 
  give them a train ticket , pay them , whatever , bring them in . 
  compared to the cost of not interacting with them at all , it 's pittence . 
  it 's always dangerous talking about gypsies wherever you go , online or in real life . 
  they 're an extremely divisive issue and , as the article states , their neighbours tend to get `` annoyed '' . 
  it also makes them an extremely easy scapegoat , and everything gets blamed on them . 
  i 'm no roma apologist , far from it . 
  i 'd be interested to see if those kids are going to school ... well actually , i 'm pretty sure i already know the answer to that question . 
  if they 're stealing power , cut that cable every fucking week . 
  or day . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  however , people act like they 're the cause of all of life 's problems , and they 're just not . 
  maybe all pc-related sales are down ? 
  i ca n't be arsed to register to read this , my browser at work is shit and takes forever to load the page , so quick question : does this include tablet sales ? 
  because i have an ipad , i will be waiting for my computer to die before i get a new one , unless i find a transformable tablet/laptop combo that is actually any good and no more than ~ $ 1000 seriously : owning a tablet has transformed the way i use my computer . 
  instead of spending most of my time on it , i now only use it what it was `` made '' for , as in work and photo processing . 
  facebook , online browsing and assorted internet shit are more comfortable from a tablet . 
  i suppose some people also use their smartphones more as well . 
  all this contributes to one important thing : the computers are used less , and maybe take longer to die ? 
  seriously , my computer was on pretty much 24/7 - until i got the ipad . 
  aside from gaming , which i do on the xbox , i do n't really see any reason to upgrade my pc at the moment , and i dare say maybe a lot of other people feel the same way . 
  although i love libraoffice , it 's only any good when everyone is using it . 
  transferability to say office , googledocs or the mac office suite is an absolute nightmare . 
  especially for slideshow presentations and spreadsheets, 
  ah yes , let 's just shut the eu down , that 'll fix it, 
  the example jokes are really , really stupid . 
  the icelandic one about danes :  `` hi , i 'm danish . '', 
  oh come on i think i had jokebooks as a kid with entire sections devoted to taking the piss out of mick or paddy . 
  usually shit jokes but still . 
  example : what does it say at the top of an irish ladder ? 
  stop . 
  why does paddy take off the door when he takes a shit ? 
  so that no one can peek through the keyhole . 
  etc, 
  you need to put on an irish accent obviously, 
  an englishman , scotsman and irishman escape from a pow camp durring wwii . 
  they manage to jump onto a freighttrain in the middle of the night , but the germans suspect something and send some men to check . 
  hearing the approaching soldiers they all grab a sack and hide inside . 
  the germans poke the bag with englishman inside and he goes ` meow ' , so they think the bag is full of cats and move on . 
  the scot 's bag is poked next , so he goes ` woof woof ! ' . 
  again , the germans are fooled , this time thinking it s a bag full of dogs . 
  finally , tthey get to the irishman 's bag . 
  they poke it and he yells `` potatoes !! '', 
  i think the main reason people do n't like russians is that they tend to either have a lot of money and wave it around , which gives them special treatment ( ie . 
  shops open only for russians in austrian ski resorts once a week ) , or are very insular travellers who do n't mix much with others at hostels ( in my experience ) .
