  calling yourself a feminist does not make you one, 
  woah !, 
  what 's with bulgaria ? 
  pretty sure she does n't live in vienna . 
  unless that 's a recent thing, 
  this actually sounds insane enough to be correct, 
  i got turned back from the boarder along the coast when i was in vama veche walking along the beach :(, 
  vienna did the same . 
  good job munich . 
  keep following our lead :d, 
  well that 's because it is in some ways . 
  it 's not as uptight , people can be less obsessed with the rules and more flexible . 
  has been both good and bad for the country . 
  although i think most austrians would argue against being a small version of germany , and instead point to the fact that germany is just a bigger version of austria that is full of uptight , disciplined machines with an enclave of sense in bavaria . 
  g4s are just dodgy as hell, 
  in austria we have goose and also get drunk with family and close friends , but in the evening, 
  \u266b \u266a blame germany !, 
  blame germanyyy ! \u266b \u266a they 're not even a real country anywayyyy \u266b \u266a, 
  what a weird voice the reporter has, 
  what i find even more interesting is that , in austria at least and i know it 's the case in other areas , we actually have * more * woodland now than we did 150-200 years ago . 
  vast areas had been deforested for things like firewood , and there was a genuine concern people would freeze to death if we did n't reforest . 
  hence so many pine forests with the same kind of tree everywhere . 
  the viennese ones are once a year i think and they always make a big deal about it in the news, 
  did you need a work permit ? 
  i know an american would be in a different situation than me , but still, 
  far from it . 
  it 's just usually about bigger sums :p i 've seen cops stopping cars at night , standing next to a cash machine so that people could take out 250 euros to get away with breaking some rules . 
  anyways it does also have certain advantages at times , such as a little bit of flexibility to these burocratic matters . 
  as long as they do n't think you 're a drain on the taxpayer , they 'll likely be good to you . 
  we 're not quite as german as people think , 
  it 's a fairly hefty sum actually . 
  and if i remember correctly , you do n't actually have to tell them how much you earn , so they make an assumption . 
  which is hilarious . 
  anyway i do n't pay it because i am still officially a student . 
  i think the main reason people pay these days is because you need to to be able to get married in a church . 
  a lot of people stopped paying in austria following various abuse scandals . 
  it was a good excuse to `` step out '' of the church . 
  oh look , this is nice, 
  this is some grade a bullshit but not uncommon . 
  my girlfriend is from romania and it was a nightmare getting shit done in austria , she worked illegally for years . 
  however , it was still possible !, 
  one of the cheeky things : your first work permit is valid for that job only . 
  if you work there for a year ( or two ? ), 
  you have a certain window of opportunity of a couple of days where you can apply for a free accession to the work market ( and work where you want without needing a new work permit each time ) . 
  if you miss that , you have to wait a whole year to try again . 
  luckily , because we 're in austria everything is just a little bit corrupt and not done by the book , so when she missed hers the dude backdated it . 
  i 'd be interested to find out what living in romania is like for foreigners , if there 's so much burocratic bullshit to go through as well, 
  if people don '' t pay attention to who they vote in , whether it 's in romania , the uk or anywhere , we ca n't be surprised that opportunists will take the chance . 
  the main reason for this kind of shit is that people * do n't * vote in emp elections, 
  and that 's what happens when we do n't take european elections seriously . 
  started on firefox , but because i had an android phone i thought it 'd be cool to sync everything - chrome just stopped displaying websites for me one day after an update . 
  got pissed off trying to fix it and went over to firefox again, 
  so what you 're saying is , they 've served their time and are being released according to spanish law ... ? 
  that 's actually kind of scary is n't it ? 
  that people think like what i wrote , i mean . 
  typical example of poe 's law in action :  without a blatant display of humor , it is impossible to create a parody of extremism or fundamentalism that someone wo n't mistake for the real thing . 
  ( also what did the mods do ? 
  i can still see it , it was n't deleted was it ? ), 
  sorry , it seems my sarcasm was n't obvious enough . 
  this shit pisses me off . 
  whilst i agree there are problems with roma culture , they often get shat on for everything - as described in this post . 
  they 're the perfect scapegoat . 
  i like how we 're comparing a 300million drone project with 40,000 euro ones . 
  yes yes , take care of the pennies and the pounds will look after themselves etc etc. 
  surprised that budapest is that high . 
  good for them though !, 
  haha , man , at first the building collapsing and assorted carnage had been * caused * by the ghe-o . 
  cool thing . 
  please , romanians , never lose that inate sense of kitch and cheesiness and always make your trailers as epic as this one, 
  in fact , having the fp\u00d6 as a coalition partner did more to discredit them than anything else could in many people 's eyes . 
  i dislike getting approached by beggars , in fact i find it quite hard to stay tolerant around persistent ones . 
  the worst are the ones who see me and think i 'm someone they can guilt trip into giving money . 
  i just think it 's ridiculous to vote for a party because of what is really a fairly minor problem . 
  i can understand voting for the right and left in general for actual reasons . 
  but he makes it sound as if there were no beggars , he would n't vote for immigration-curbing policies . 
  which is just pathetic . 
  is that the worst problem you face in your life ? 
  a couple of beggars you can easily ignore / avoid on the way to university ? 
  that is what decides your vote ? 
  well done . 
  no really , congratulations . 
  heh - that 's because even romanians do n't really understand romania  this kind of situation is kinda typical in areas where drivers do n't give a fuck , but at least you have only one directions the cars can go . 
  i do n't mind cycling and weaving through stationary cars , but the worst is when someone is in the right lane and wants to go left , or vice-versa at t-junctions where it 's allowed . 
  they 're the bike killers , because you can not predict where they are going to pull out from , particularly if they 're also a road-raging aggressive driver and not timidly , slowly indicating that they made a mistake . 
  that 's the stuff that scares me , and you see it all the time on romanian roads . 
  i mean , i 've seen cyclists in bucharest and it 's getting better , but i think i 've been spoiled a little by vienna ( which is far from perfect ) . 
  i would likely die . 
  i 'm glad it 's getting popular though - the more drivers know people cycling , the less dangerous they 'll become, 
  i think you 're being a little unfair and it seems you 've had some bad experiences . 
  i admit i do n't work in it myself , but there are a fair few companies actually and i know of a few start-ups here and there focusing on it . 
  i suppose it 's not comparable to the uk though . 
  most of the brits i know here do one of the following : bartending , teaching english , ngo work , it work of some sort . 
  if you go to a big , unmodern austrian company though , i suppose it 's likely they 'll pass you up for promotion , i do n't know . 
  i can see it happening anywhere though . 
  estate agents in this country are thieving bastards , that is true . 
  it #s possible from time to time to find `` private '' rent contracts . 
  my parents do this with the apartment they bought , no estate agent every time they change tenants . 
  i do n't understand your gripes about healthcare at all , one of my best friends here is irish and gets everything he needs for his very frequent and chronic conditions . 
  my girlfriend is romanian and finds doctors rude , but they 've always given her what she needed . 
  i 've never heard of them refusing to treat you or treating you more badly if you are sick .
