a huge amount of non-eu migrants are young . 
  it 's not too late for them to not be low-skilled workers . 
  however , they 're stuck in holding centres and do not learn a skill while their asylum application is being considered . 
  again , that takes a while . 
  the only ones taking care of them , providing any sort of education etc are ngos . 
  that 's because governments are under huge pressure to cut benefits for migrants , especially non-eu ones . 
  we have ngos going round helping people to learn how to go to the doctor , register locally , apply for german courses etc , also for non-asylum seekers like turks . 
  a lot of people are just * lost * when they arrive and they need help to understand how everything works . 
  that 's * hugely * expensive and about as popular as publically funded drug-taking rooms , ie . 
  political suicide for non-left leaning parties . 
  even if they agree on economic principle that it makes sense , even centre-right politicians have an extremely hard time selling this tax-funded assistance . 
  what happens ? 
  the only steps migrants go through are the absolutely necessary ones , which is registering where you live , and declaring your income to receive financial support that is n't really going to help you dig yourself out of your hole and keeps up the `` drain on society '' role that you have . 
  married turkish and eastern european women in particular are at risk of falling into this , and they turn into baby machines for poor kids who do n't have an identity and are at-risk of continuing the cycle , assuming that it 's not worth fighting to move forward because they 'll never be more than a kebab salesman . 
  as someone who works in dev , i agree with your general sentiment , but be aware that development aid is again extremely unpopular at the moment . 
  institutional change has to be the priority , and we are seeing some change these days but it is slow . 
  many , many people from developing countries who `` make it '' still have the primary aim of leaving to the west or elsewhere , like china or japan . 
  i dunno how it is elsewhere but often , non-eu migrants to austria are asylum seekers since no one else is allowed to stay overly long without a work permit ( which they get from an employer , so there 's no way they 're the ones abusing the system ) . 
  asylum seekers are n't allowed to work , but do receive some hilariously low sum to live on . 
  the process can take * years * . 
  of course they 're a `` drain '' . 
  even if they get to stay , they have up to 6 years of unemployment , with only volunteering and some shitty other 5 hour jobs allowed . 
  who employs someone who has a 5 year gap in their cv ? 
  especially if they 're educated ? 
  are they supposed to go cleaning when they have a degree in something ? 
  dunno what they 're always moaning about in austria . 
  it 's not * that * bad . 
  or is average bad ? 
  also empire : total war . 
  i think they 're not playable at first but it can be unlocked / modded . 
  i always use them as an ally actually, 
  because it 's a different country with different immigrants , far more are based on eastern europe than turkey and such . 
  and people come to ski here . 
  tabloid newspapers dislike romanian migrants who , in their eyes , are taking advantage of benefits , working for less , etc. 
  and the roma . 
  probe them . 
  probe them deeply . 
  and if possible , fucking ruin them . 
  total bastards ( if true ), 
  wel . . burgkino is almost always undubbed ... long gone are the days where haydn is your only option, 
  depends which cinema you go to though . 
  in vienna at least there 's a couple of places where you can get lucky at around 5-7 euros ( burg/votivkino , etc ) also the old cinema offer with oranger was awesome - 2 for 1 made it worth it . 
  only thursdays, 
  actually is n't the alsace-lorraine one just alsace ? 
  the city i 've felt the biggest connection to on an emotional level , where i want to move , was lisbon . 
  so as an austrian i 'm going to say portugal , 
  been 4 times over the years , first time in 2005 . 
  wish i could have gone this year , the lineup looked great !, 
  where ? 
  they 're driving on the right side ... 
  why has one tower got what looks like red paint or blood on it ? 
  here , this 'll make you feel better about them : [ taken by a friend ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qrgmsdk.jpg ), 
  but we 're the only ones that * appreciate * them !, 
  christ you guys are really serious about those maths and physics olympiads !, 
  hmm we 're getting eurovision next year obviously , shitstorms have already started . 
  what 's the prevailing danish opinion ? 
  waste of cash or was the income generated worth it in the end ? 
  i mean , one of my mates died in afghan . 
  it 's not that i do n't respect what he did or even his reasons . 
  but he died , and i 'll honour his memory as my friend , not as a soldier . 
  i do find the constant reminders of war a little tiring . 
  i think the scandal involving poppies was also revealing : nobody should be * forced * to wear them . 
  but i can understand why it happens . 
  i just think the way it gets skewed into a `` support the troops '' us-style is a bit of a shame . 
  what exactly did they do ? 
  this kind of sum is not exactly small . 
  what will it be used for ? 
  also , morris dancing . 
  mind you , i 'm always hesitant to share that one with non-brits, 
  surely it 's because of the burgenl\u00e4nda mafia ? 
  try wurzelbrot at billa and hofer , quite similarish although as long as a baguette . 
  also italian or waldviertler brot , it 's usually round like a hat , supercrust . 
  most turkish bakeries and i think der mann have it . 
  str\u00f6ck bread is awesome, 
  funny you should say that . 
  i have a transylvanian friend whose father holds some form of ill-will towards us austrians and i was wondering if you might have isight as to why . 
  there seems to have been a specific event but she ca n't tell me what it is . 
  fun fact : when he visits her in vienna he brings his own bread , because ours does not conform to his needs . 
  i had a somewhat surreal experience in portugal . 
  at the train station in lisbon i asked if the guy spoke english and he said no , so using my guidebook i explained that i needed two tickets to lagos the next day in horrible portuguese . 
  then , he replied in absolutely flawless english : `` well , sir , you should come here at 9h22 . 
  beware when you change trains in bla , because you have to change to platform two or you will be going in the wrong direction . 
  it is possible you would have to pay a fee '' then he said the price in portuguese very slowly , pointing at the till 's screen, 
  genuinely shocked at how high austria is myself . 
  however , even my uncle who absolutely despises everything foreign could have a chat in english . 
  mmmh as an austrian myself i have to say there is a difference between what you get in austria and germany , when we are talking about `` high-level '' kebabs . 
  the best kebabs in vienna are charcoal-grill style veal/lamb ( diwan , etc ) . 
  this is not really the d\u00f6ner kebab experience, 
  to remember : `` has n't voted no in 541 votes held in the european parliament , figures from votewatch show , spiegel reports . 
  the former securitate officer and greater romania party member said : `` i vote ` yes ' because i agree with all the proposals . 
  i can not remember the last time i voted ` no ' . '', 
  a different supermarket here also has a budget brand called `` good choice '' . 
  whenever i buy something from that i always wonder if it was a good choice . 
  the answer is usually no . 
  honestly it 's not that bad . 
  certainly when compared to monster, 
  me too !, 
  yeah !, 
  now to go buy some `` clever '' toast , `` clever '' ham and `` clever '' emmentaler so that i can eat toasties all weekend !, 
  ( for foreigners : clever is our supermarkets ' budget brand ),
