  lots of mountain bikes . 
  but i guess they only go short distances and most people still drive, 
  it 's the best time to ride a bike !, 
  balaclava , ski goggles and three layers of clothes and you 're good :d love that !, 
  you just have to remember that it 's the whole country . 
  living in vienna , my first instinct was `` that ca n't be right '' but actually , especially if public transport is not included as walking , i believe it . 
  there are so many underground and bus stops that people sometimes take the tram less than 200m . 
  anyway , there 're a lot of people living in the countryside or outskirts of cities here , and they all drive everywhere , so i can see why we 're so low, 
  have you tried cycling in brussels ? 
  i know it 's not the whole country , but wow , at least a few years ago it was terrifying, 
  i do n't know where the dataset is from but would n't taking public transport effectively * not * be walking ? 
  what are the chances of austrian investment being seized ( especially since ukrainian bank accouns here were frozen ? 
  ) , therefore losing all the moeny ? 
  i 'm just waiting for the mongolians to invade to protect the tatar minority, 
  so , if i were a person devoid of any opinion and morals or whatever , would now be a good time to buy russian stock that is sure to rise again , like energy and so on ? 
  honestly , it 's not money for me . 
  my family could help me out . 
  i just do n't want to right now , and maybe by the time i do my sperm count will be too low . 
  i keep putting it off . 
  these days , there is no `` good '' time to have kids . 
  i 'm almost 26 and feel like i would n't be an adequate father now anyway, 
  yeah but it 's kind of turned into a self-fulfilling prophecy now , people have become obsessed whenever he visits , it 's the same in austria now . 
  google.at ? 
  austria like most people , i 've been focused on international news and wearily looking at ukraine , since the boarder is n't that far away and i feel it is the most important issue right now . 
  as always , our issues always seem kind of pathetic compared to everyone else 's . 
  - hypo alpe adria scandal . 
  a bank lost lots of money , the state is the one that got shafted . 
  investigating it is going to cost $ 2million a day or something equally ridiculous . 
  - people are scared of not having any gas because of ukraine crisis . 
  luckily it 's a mild winter and austria tends to have reserves of about 3 months of heavy usage . 
  - state opera ball was on thursday . 
  richard lugner , resident austrian construction magnate who has invited the likes of pamela anderson and paris hilton before , invited kim kardashian , but then a comedian in blackface dressed as kanye west asked her to dance and someone somewhere said the word nigga and she left . 
  i think it was an excuse to get away from his creepy ass . 
  - birds are migrating back to our lakes too early by several weeks , people are scared we might get a cold snap and they 'd all die - there are tax increases for alcohols , cigarettes and other luxuries . 
  politicians complain we are taxing the most vulnerable members of society . 
  actually that 's mostly because there are increases for cars ( low mileage + high horsepower = $ $ $ ) too . 
  salaries can no longer be claimed back in tax returns for businesses for more than half a million . 
  all of this should bring in ~ $ 700 million extra . 
  - a betting shop was held up by a dude wearing a scream mask . 
  other customers scared him away . 
  fucking love that stuff with a bit of mustard oh my god i 'm hungry . 
  well as you say , people let themselves get ripped off . 
  but i think at some stage , it 's not a matter of choice anymore : the perception is that they need a degree to get anywhere , but the education received was so poor that they ca n't get into a good university , therefore they get tricked into having a worthless one rather than none at all . 
  your point about gabor denes not being known is exactly what i 'm trying to say : most people in vienna , say , have no clue what the academic field is like east of burgenland . 
  rather than get mixed up in it at all , they 'll give preferential treatment to something they know , i.e. 
  a dude who went to the fh technikum . 
  even if the guy from croatia has a masters , what do we really know about the american university of pula ? 
  by the way , webster in vienna has a very similar reputation . 
  it costs a fortune and seems to churn out business graduates by the buslaod . 
  although actually a quick google can sometimes help , i do n't speak a word of hungarian and the [ wiki entry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%a1bor_d%c3%a9nes_college ) only gives a couple of clues that could make me think twice about hiring somewhere from there . 
  private instituation , distance learning ... that 's all very vague though . 
  now , i 've looked for more than five minutes and now found the first signs on other sites , but barbara in hr is n't going to do that . 
  so whilst some will slip through the cracks and get jobs immediately , many will get immediate rejection in the first filtering . 
  it must be frustrating for graduates from good universities . 
  that 's what that period of adaptation is for : show you have experience and that your credentials can be trusted ( even if , in actual fact , they ca n't ) . 
  as far as the dialect thing goes , i do n't know . 
  i love it and hate it at the same time . 
  i 've always said austrian german is like scottish english , i think there are many parallels . 
  there are many different types : clear ( theresianum wienerisch ) to not clear ( voralrbergerisch ) and educated people do tend to speak more clearly . 
  it 's also getting better - vienna used to have district regional dialects and that has all but disappeared . 
  watching austrians talk to foreigners ( when they get on well with them ) tends to be quite funny . 
  they intentionally make mistakes and grammatical errors to sound simpler and be understood : `` nein du nix geld fragen hier , du kommen mit uns '' as the cops said to the gypsy beggar the other day . 
  then , my ( romanian , not gypsy ) girlfriend still has a strong accent and went to finanzamt yesterday . 
  she can speak german perfectly fine but sounds foreign , and those guys in that hellhole in the 3rd district are almost only there to help foreigners understand how the fuck to navigate the nightmare that is austrian tax burocracy - so of course that 's how they speak . 
  all the austrians do it online unless they really , really have to , and i think that although it 's a little condescending ( ok , more than a little ) , it 's more helpful than the german system where they just repeat the words in hochdeutsch until one party gives up out of frustration . 
  with his own mother !, 
  well duh . 
  i ai n't spending hundreds of $ to read about how mark is in mexico, 
  yup . 
  i have a hard time imagining high earning positions with customer contact being given to `` fresh off the boat '' eastern europeans even in austria unless the market is in ee . 
  not without a couple of years of adaptation . 
  even then , there are many people whose families moved here decades ago who are familiar with both their family 's country and austria 's norms , culture and languages . 
  i see nothing wrong with needing immigrants to speak german . 
  i also wouldn t mind providing very cheap or free lessons with my taxes . 
  just learn it , eventually . 
  it 's better for everyone really . 
  the other difficulty is that well-educated is hard to define . 
  the amount of pay-for-grade private unis in serbia , bosnia , croatia and montenegro is astonishing , and it wouldnt surprise me if it 's common for degrees from other countries to be functionally useless . 
  not saying ours are always better . 
  risky for employers . 
  haha , his name ciorba ? 
  the ever-corrupt mr soup . 
  inb4 ciorba is not soup, 
  hahaha no . 
  exploiting interns is way too much fun, 
  yes, 
  no , that part is tough for everybody . 
  i was talking specifically about english speakers in particular , because in many countries it is simply a challenge to get people talking to you in the first place , and then to swap to their native tongue . 
  i do n't see why that 's so hard to believe . 
  if it was any irish pub such as charlie p 's near schottentor , it 's just company policy for them to speak english to everyone for authenticity or some such nonsense . 
  very few austrians work in the irish / australian / british pubs , usually english-speaking expats from somewhere, 
  it 's really not a shit excuse simply because it is n't an excuse at all . 
  i never said it 's impossible , i said it 's the toughest thing about it . 
  i do n't know if you 're a native english speaker or not , but the reality is that it is a massive pain to explain to everyone to * please * stop talking to you in english . 
  this is especially true in places where everyone speaks english , because then if everyone understands it 's not even rude for english to be spoken . 
  like i said , it 's not an excuse , i was just pointing out that it 's tough . 
  i 've heard the same from non-natives as well actually : english just turns into lingua franca . 
  i 'd say 80 % are bar staff, 
  the toughest thing about being a native-english speaker wanting to learn a language abroad is everyone wanting to practice their english on you . 
  especially young people !,
