  lucky we did n't stop at a rest-stop , he said , otherwise we 'd have been seriously stranded in northern serbia somewhere . 
  besides this story i did n't get to spend much time in belgrade as i did n't live there in the end for other reasons . 
  i did come for holidays though !, 
  - awesome zoo ( for kids ) . 
  you buy unsalted popcorn and feed everything from elephants to camels and bisons . 
  baby animals are let into a playzone where kids can wrestle baby bears , tigers , lions , wolves , etc. 
  also , there is a display of guinea pigs and rabbits - of course there are hundreds of the things . 
  i suspect they feed them to the predators . 
  there 's a lynx that chases you along the fence , and a horny chimpanzee who swings along the chain link face , using his erect penis to make music ( `` drrrriiinnggg '' . 
  i am not joking ) . 
  when the allies bombed the fuck out of serbia , the serbs could n't afford to either fix them or even move the debris . 
  for teenage me , it was freaking awesome , but i understand that actually it was a pain . 
  we went to novi sad ( beautiful place ) and the bridges were still gone , and a tunnel ( i think ? 
  great hiking . 
  do n't lose your dog , he might get shot by farmers . 
  luckily even they can see golden retrievers are probably not a threat , but their guard dogs were less than impressed with that city boy ambling about . 
  scary big motherfuckers the size of a bear . 
  people spellt my name mopic there when i said it . 
  not even remotely close , but that 's the serbian way of spelling the sounds . 
  goran bregovic , kustorica , black cat white cat plato was an awesome bar / internet cafe that was among the centres of the revolution against milosevic . 
  i did n't really care too much about that at the time , but 32-player counterstrike lan servers were the norm there , it was awesome . 
  a bit too much de_aztec for my liking . 
  i had my first sneaky beer there . 
  also , i remember reading a book abuot the radio station b92 , that were also somehow involved in anti-milosevic movements . 
  they have super-annoying roma there dzinzic got assassinated a couple of days before the easter holidays . 
  when i went there , there were apcs driving around the town centre and , because serbs are all so fucking tall , 2m tall masked soldiers with aks blocking certain streets . 
  made me jump out of my skin when i walked around the corner and just saw him staring at me . 
  thanks to drm etc it 's probably a little less prevalent now , but 14 year old me had a field day with 1 $ pc games . 
  it was a dream come true . 
  food . 
  oh my god the food in the balkans is fucking good anyway . 
  as an austrian it was great fun finding `` borrowed '' german words in serbian , loanwords are really fun to figure out . 
  here 's a few examples you can try : ko\u0161tati , fla\u0161a , paktreger , \u0161nicla , pala\u010dinka , \u0161trikati , frtalj ( my favourite ) , \u0161pigl , ve\u0161ma\u0161ina , there 's loads more . 
  to give you an idea of the sense of humour they have ( had ? ), 
  over there : an american bomber is about to enter serbian airspace . 
  the target has so far been kept confidential . 
  `` red 1 this is command . 
  your are to target anything of importance in kragujevac . 
  confirm , over . '', 
  `` command this is red 1 . 
  please repeat the name of the city . '', 
  `` red 1 this is command . 
  please repeat . '', 
  i do n't get it , i ca n't understand it . 
  repeat it again '' `` stand by '' . 
  there is silence on the other end as command obviously discusses the situation . 
  finally , the radio crackles back to live . 
  `` red 1 , this is command . 
  fuck it , just bomb ni\u0161 . '', 
  one of austria 's satirical newspapers recently made an article about him coming to vienna , which confused a couple of international sources . 
  it said austria was a brilliant choice because our justice system is so slow he 'd probably never get extradited before he dies of old age . 
  well somebody has to , otherwise i wo n't be able to cut in front of them !, 
  we got a guided tour for about 10 euros and skipping the line was included, 
  berlin . 
  when i went to berlin 2 years ago in late july it was never warmer than 24 degrees . 
  more than enough to do for a week if you include potsdam , and there is a direct train ( no car ) . 
  i do n't know if the autoreisezug to hamburg still exists , but that would otherwise be a pretty awesome option as you can explore the northern german coast which really is n't as bad as everyone says it is . 
  interesting region : l\u00fcbeck is there as well . 
  cut them properly for fuck 's sake, 
  people still get this in some other european countries sometimes . 
  well , i mean , it all depends on the sector and what your expectations are . 
  i 'm lucky enough to be fluent in three languages and that undoubtedly made them check my cv more often , or double-check it at least , because i applied for jobs that fit my skills . 
  to put it in perspective : the first time i looked for jobs i went to mcdonalds . 
  i was depressed and did n't apply for much . 
  this time , i applied for 10 jobs and got 4 interviews , of which 2 were successful . 
  from end of it took me from the beginning of june , when i started looking for a job , to end of july to have a decent-paying part-time job . 
  so i 've been earning $ 14/h for 2 years , part-time while i study . 
  it 's a good environment and superflexible , exactly what i need since it 's even in my field ( international development ) . 
  i 've got good chances to get a fulltime job when i 'm done with my bachelor . 
  as far as the conservatism is concerned , it 's not that . 
  it 's a feeling i get in vienna . 
  it 's so unbelievably quiet in some ways . 
  the social hub is good , and i know some great people , do n't get me wrong . 
  but it can be very tough to get into `` circles '' and get projects going . 
  it 's all about who you know , of course , but in vienna it 's very tough to get to know the people who will introduce you ( i find ) . 
  it 's hard to get excited about things . 
  i dunno , hard to describe . 
  at least berlin is , that 's certainly true . 
  i really liked berlin . 
  not so sure about the other cities in germany i 've been to so far . 
  also berlin is fucking cheap , which is always a plus ( compared to vienna ) . 
  who is often the question in romania . 
  i get a big `` why should i do this when the others are n't ? '', 
  vibe whenever i 'm down there, 
  awesome , great links . 
  one of our main problems is that we wo n't have a car - is this gon na be a huge problem or just a little ? 
  we #d like to visit lagos and the surrounding beaches , for example, 
  yeah . 
  my most recent example is moieciu de sus . 
  it 's not big . 
  there 's a stream that goes down from the nature reserve , and that thing is just full of crap . 
  all it would take is one day of everyone cleaning that shit up , and it would have been indistinguishable from any village in central / western europe . 
  but they do n't do it . 
  i know they do n't have that much money , but somebody , somewhere must have a truck he or she can dedicate to the task for the day !, 
  pro : beautiful countryside : cons : no one gives a shit and oil barrels , paint pots and all manner of trash litter said countryside . 
  such a shame, 
  austria : pro : as a white , multilingual male i have no problems finding a job whatsoever . 
  con : hard to describe . 
  i get the feeling we 're stagnating . 
  there 's not much `` new '' , not much originality .
