  i can believe everything here is right of centre until this point :  it 's not about efficiency . 
  efficiency belongs to the marketplace , the very institution you denied above . 
  it is about revenge . 
  it is about the good feel you get from making someone suffer who made you suffer . 
  it is the feeling of triumph of the normal person over the criminal type personality . 
  this has nothing to do with being right of centre . 
  since when is advocating revenge as the centrepoint of justice right of centre ? 
  what you said is just nuts . 
  had me going for a minute, 
  yeah but if i remember correctly ( i think we 've talked before on reddit ) it was n't plain sailing to get those jobs , or at least not for your wife . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's not * that * bad , but it could do with being a lot better . 
  why do you hate wienerisch so much ? 
  there are a good number of private entrepreneurs in austria , i just think that as soon as something is even slightly different they jack up the price to hell . 
  i find it tough to find food sometimes too :(, 
  austrian here : - be less terrified of foreigners . 
  let them have jobs , especially the ones that are actually eu citizens !, 
  be more open to people coming from abroad and talk to them !, 
  see the eastern european expansion as an opportunity for business , tourism , etc etc - more cash should go to well thought-out , modern ngos etc that cooperate with all stakeholders . 
  and by that i do n't just mean aid or development programs abroad , i mean at home as well . 
  our youth is more than a little bit fucked at the moment in some places . 
  / r/romanianproblems should exist . 
  brave thing to say . 
  hope he does n't get shot or something . 
  i still have my doubts about the legitimacy of kosovo as a whole , but the entire saga has moved to a stage where i ca n't see anything other than kosovan independance working anymore . 
  generally , i am not for countries separating , i feel it does n't really help anyone and moves us away from the sense of solidarity we should have as people . 
  but that conflict is so deep i do n't really see any other solution , in the end . 
  although they are n't anywhere near innocent in this whole thing , i 'd say serbs did get just a little bit screwed over here . 
  maybe if they cooperate , with time normal relations will be possible . 
  i know , although i think you meant mang\u00e9 ? 
  my romanian is n't very good . 
  i specialise in vaguely offensive phrases . 
  yeah but in rural areas hore carriages are still fairly common , especially the more isolated they are . 
  i ca n't believe you just seriously claimed that 33 % of romanians in london are criminals . 
  it just blows my mind that anyone could seriously believe this . 
  touch\u00e9, 
   i sense some personal experience here ... god you have no idea . 
  well actually you probably do , since you 're romanian . 
  had to laugh at the no cars thing . 
  before i went , i was under the impression that 50 % of the population do n't have a car . 
  i also remember hearing that people drove without the lights on at night to save fuel . 
  then you 've got to remember : this is south east europe . 
  everybody wants a merc or a bmw . 
  it 's true that there are still horse-drawn carriages around , but nowhere near as many as you 'd think !, 
  gypsies ( i assume , since many hold romanian passports , those make up a chunk of that statistic at least ) are n't really known for violent crime , at least the areas outside of romania i 've been to . 
  it 's usually theft , pickpocketing and begging where it is n't allowed . 
  i live in vienna , a city that has had a sizable influx of romanians since 2007 even though they have a tough time getting a work permit . 
  it has caused all sorts of hassle , made my life harder and made me incredibly angry . 
  the way some austrians have reacted to them is enraging . 
  the jobsworth bastards in burocratic institutions , zero attempts at explaining what is needed or wanted from them and then screaming at them when some form has n't been completed in exactly the right way . 
  my girlfriend is from bucharest , and every door magically opens quicker when i go anywhere with her . 
  we even had someone backdate a document by a few days !, 
  amazing !, 
  the thing is , i ca n't always be there to chaperone her around , she 's not a child . 
  she speaks german fluently , even has a job that she has n't `` stolen '' from an austrian ( seriously if you need a job in vienna just learn german and become a receptionist , there seems to be a gap in the workforce . 
  the unemployment office never sent anyone remotely able to do the work for months ) . 
  one thing i will say : romanians seem a little closed off when they get into groups of their own . 
  maybe they 're scared of what austrians might say , or the viennese are too cold and unapproachable , there is definitely some truth to that . 
  but they all want jobs , they all want a good life like anyone else , and they 're certainly not interested in living on $ 700/month , which is frankly a stupidly low amount to mooch for . 
  yes , there are exceptions , yes , most augustin-sellers ( equivalent of the big issue in austria ) are of roma descent now , and yes there are a few girls who sing in the underground begging for money . 
  yes , there are some who , like some austrians , germans , serbs , poles , italians , spaniards and even brits , cheat the welfare system somehow , but that 's outweighed by those paying into it . 
  get real : as austrians , we have benefitted from romania joining hugely as well , and i do n't just mean our gigantic construction corporations getting the deals for building motorways in romania and stuff like that . 
  i mean the increased percentage of pretty girls in the street , i mean the friendly neighbours you can count on to help you out when you move in somewhere , i mean fun parties , very close friends from nothing and an awesome new country to explore . 
  i even mean the busloads of romanian tourists who can easily travel to vienna and invade the christmas market to buy overpriced shit , i mean the new programmer at work who seems to be a total whizkid at maths , i mean the dudes who add to the fun at mountainbiking events , i mean the added drama , becauses jesus christ romanian chicks are good at being dramaqueens . 
  the way the horsemeat scandal was immediately pinned on romanians was typical of what conclusions people in western and central europe still like to jump to , and obviously no one backpedaled when slaughterhouses in the uk , ireland or wherever turned out to be quite happily taking part in the horsemeat party as well . 
  no it 's not phenomenal at all . 
  i would argue that it 's insignificant . 
  to be fair you 'll really enjoy berlin even if you 're the slightly calmer type . 
  easy to spend a week in if you include postdam , a shitload of history to enjoy . 
  being a bit of a history buff the whole cold war thing fascinates me , so i was less inclined to go to the big museums of art etc. 
  the ddr-museum is good fun if short , and i thoroughly recommened the `` alternative tour berlin '' as a little bit of fun to have on the side that 's somewhat less serious but interesting nonetheless . 
  best of all : cheap and has some of the most surprisingly excellent food i 've ever had in germany . 
  in terms of architecture , there is some left over from east-german times which is cool to look at and strikes an awsome contrast with the former west . 
  obviously as an austrian i should point out that vienna sounds like it 'd float your boat a lot better . 
  architecture and museums galore !, 
  plus hearty , relatively reasonably-priced food as well :p, 
  so you just discount the 80 % of migrants paying into the system ? 
  not to mention , 37,000 lebanese is nothing compared to the 6.7 million people that the data is from . 
  you 're always going to have more foreigners than locals not getting jobs , they do n't all immediately have the required skills and abilities . 
  does this include asylum seekers who are not allowed to work ? 
  i 'd love for some backstory on the lebanese , the numbers do n't even make sense . 
  perhaps those with an education were granted citizenship ? 
  i 'm not trying to rose-tint things here , just genuinely confused . 
  the article mentions turks as the largest number of receivers , at about 440,000 . 
  but over a million pay into the system and they 're always going to have the highest number of receivers since there 's way more turks than anything else . 
  are you saying germany does not have the economy to take migrants ? 
  because it sure looks like they do . 
  although if they 'd look , sometimes individual states within a nation have them , no ? 
  austrians joke about : - burgenl\u00e4nder ( eastern plains ) are slow stupid ibred farmers who talk like they 're barking - viennese people are just rude arrogant assholes . 
  `` wie sch\u00f6n w\u00e4re wien ohne wiener '' means `` how great and pretty would vienna be without any viennese . '', 
  - people from corinthia are all racist nazis who hate slovenians and will probably be responsible for voting in the next hitler - the west is basically full of mountain people who do n't make any sense when they speak . 
  also : we joke a lot about people from the former empire / dual monarchy . 
  hungarians are slow , etc etc, 
  tsk . 
  vienna is the better munich , especially following your criteria, 
  d'uuuuhuhuhu grey goo will destroy all life on earth d'uuuh, 
  i know three brits in vienna who have genuinely done this , because they initially could n't find a job . 
  they went on austrian dole until they did get a job . 
  nothing wrong with that , and i tend to imagine that 's what most people want do when they get to the uk . 
  in fairness the group is not to be taken seriously , there are far bigger turkish groups in austria who are often very reasonable . 
  i can only speak for austria , but in general the eu has a bad reputation because of immigration and the feeling that we 're bailing too many people out for mismanaging their money .
