  i voted for australia . 
  i think a lot of austrians used the vote they might normally have given to germany to australians . 
  plus vienna is full of australians . 
  as an austrian i almost find this hard to believe . 
  i think maybe we have lots of people who are technically overweight , but not obese ? 
  why ? 
  fuck year lincolnshire !, 
  making me proud, 
  i can only speak for what 's available here in austria . 
  the turkish seeds are covered in salty powder , while romanian seeds ( from nutline like those in the pic ) have more salt crystals on them . 
  the powder gives the turkish ones a weird aftertaste . 
  actually i much prefer the way romanians roast and salt their sunflower seeds compared to the turkish way . 
  i just read on the bbc article that they reckon he invited some of his victims to mcdonalds pretending to be a girl online, 
  it 's also never happened that an election got overturned soo ... could be a few years of firsts with hofer in the hofburg, 
  have i got news for you is the place . 
  they already accused him of intimidation and corruption on the show , with him there . 
  it was glorious but nobody gave a fuck and he still walked out of there the winner because he took it in his stride and laughed and made people laugh . 
  still learning :(, 
  we do , i just never notice them , and i would have slept through this one, 
  girlfriend 's mum went ballistic ( here in bucharest ) screaming `` cu tremur !, 
  like it would help anyone on the 5th floor to know they are potentially about to die . 
  still she woke me.up and i felt an earthquake for the first time in my life so that 's cool . 
  turns out bucharest had a super destructive earthquake decades ago and she experienced it and is legitimately terrified . 
  so i felt bad for laughing at her . 
  what do you mean with 1 tap ? 
  most cities in austria have a square dedicated to south tyrol , but i ca n't think of any monuments like these, 
  while i understand mali would be incapable of holding together without foreign assistance , i do find the role of missions like minusma disturbing because they are un missions , and the un needs to remain a neutral entity as much as possible . 
  minusma puts the entirety of the un 's legitimacy in the region at risk , because it means the un is taking sides ( aka pro central government , who really are n't angels either ) . 
  it puts other , more peaceful , un activities in the region such as bringing water etc at risk and makes them a target for the islamists . 
  interesting !, 
  but this is from july - what is the situation now ? 
  last i heard the fight is still on, 
  in fairness it actually has been a thorn , also in germany 's side , from a tax-evasion point of view . 
  did n't some swiss soldiers once accidentally `` invade '' liechtenstein when they got lost on a training exercise ? 
  i 'll see if i can find the source later, 
  have you forgotten the whole war thing that happened in the late 90s ? 
  nato intervention ? 
  un administration ? 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/help/faqs/europe choose country , press send , easy, 
  should macedonia be forced to call itself fyrom ? 
  ah yes , the newer eu states like france, 
  what about the russians ? 
  they 're right next door , 
  i think calling it a separatist region is debatable , others would rather define it as occupied . 
  a good friend of mine is cypriot , he certainly has a hard time with turks . 
  he talks about them like some eastern europeans talk about roma . 
  even if it 's not going to keep growing at this rate , it is already very strong and will continue to be , unless some sort of destablising event occurs such as a break-up , revolution or something similar . 
  i predict china to be a massive powerhouse during our lifetime ( as a young european ) , and a brutal powerhouse at that if it wants to be ( at least within its sphear of influence ) . 
  well that sounds a little unfair towards small countries . 
  cyprus ? 
  i ca n't see them working more closely with russia on anything but trade, 
  i think everyone agrees it would n't be a step that would happen immediately . 
  if they go through the same steps as other countries before them ( perhaps even bigger ones ) , it would n't be fair to continue blocking them ? 
  possibly talking about parts of kosovo ? 
  why not ? 
  what do you feel blocks turkey from being in the eu itself ? 
  what do you see as the mess and how could it be cleaned up ? 
  why ? 
  that map looks a little neo-colonial  interesting ideas . 
  i find the concept of countries on a completely different part of the planet joining intriguing but not very likely . 
  i think canada is more likely to move closer to the usa than the eu . 
  sadly , i do n't see the eu keeping up with china in the next few years and in fact see us slumping even a little lower before a resurgence . 
  i 've not made my mind up over turkey joining . 
  on one hand , it would be an amazing step for intercultural cooperation and , if we did n't get bogged down in too many arguments , could contribute to a very strong eu . 
  on the other hand , so many people are against it that it could contribute to even more resentment against the eu . 
  but one day ... !, 
  what about argentina and uruguay ? 
  same deal, 
  is there any precedent for a country joining that is at war ? 
  what about the implications to european armed forces of israel joining ? 
  would n't israel being under attack require direct intervention from other eu states ? 
  turkey joining the eu would certainly be a huge event in history , whether you want it to happen or not . 
  ironically belarus gets a lot of investment from eu countries , notably austria for example . 
  ahem . 
  i 'm not sure about ukraine , they seem a little uneasy with russia as well as the eu, 
  why no turkey ? 
  is it because of islam ? 
  what about bosnia and albania ? 
  controversial !, 
  i 'm guessing you 're for israel joining ? 
  do you think israelis even want to ? 
  is n't it mctoilet or some stupid name like that ? 
  you get store credit back in any case , which still is n't ideal but you can buy tictacs or whttever, 
  golden dawn is a whole different league, 
  as an austrian , i stay well away from the austrian school of economics . 
  makes me shudder, 
   pulled out a knife that he reportedly always carries does this not worry anyone else ? 
  funny , i did the same and got `` woodchuck , marmota marmota '' whatever that means, 
  this is correct, 
  genuinely do n't know what makes me sadder because i read that as `` the arrogance of the austrians '' : - it did n't surprise me that an austrian politician would call greece a dog or - it did n't surprise me that someone would call us austrians arrogant . 
  well written , upvote, 
  i dont believe the `` majority '' of germans want to leave , just some very loud voices do, 
  as an austrian , i 'm only slightly insulted, 
  and hong kong and austria, 
  i used to fucking love minitel however , it also meant french people were way slower with their uptake of the internet and we were so far behind getting adsl etc as our friends elsewhere in europe . 
  i lived in strasbourg and we could drive five minutes to a friend 's house in germany and be blown away by their internet speeds, 
  it 's certainly improved now that the old centre is finally finished , but i still ca n't pretend to love the city . 
  maybe one day, 
  i was 19 and had just finished military service when i moved into student accomodation , and moved into my very own apartment ( where i had to make sure i was paying electricity , gas etc ) when i was 22 with friends . 
  now that i have a job that does n't involve mcdonald 's and pays a little better i live closer to uni and work with my girlfriend .
