  there 's a lot of money in prostitution here , a successful one can make up to $ 2000/week , which is a mindblowing sum of money for a country girl . 
  luckily , now that they 're in the eu it 's less trafficked women forced into prostitution , and more independant businesswomen , 
  short, 
  their internet makes me burn with jealousy anyway . 
  holy shit austria is far behind with this kind of stuff, 
  do you mean the women 's day on 8 march ? 
  yes . 
  bucharest being little paris and you have your own `` arc de triomphe '' ( a bit unfair to call it that but that 's the way life is , eh ? ) . 
  my girlfriend 's mum speaks fluent french to me because her english is n't very good , and she loves france and goes whenever she can . 
  poor , long-suffering husband just goes along :d written romanian is actually easier to understand than listening , i found . 
  french has helped tremendously to get a small grasp of the language . 
  over the last six years i 've had a lot of contact with romanians and been to romania a couple of times . 
  a couple of things that come to mind : - they dont sing the ` normal ' happy birthday song sung in much of europe , the us and elsewhere . 
  they sing ` la multi ani ' to the tune that i , as an austrian , kind of recognised from `` hoch soll er leben '' . 
  it 's also used for different occasions as well . 
  - fantastic countryside . 
  all they need to do now is a little clean up in the villages of useles trash lying around . 
  - some parts have mental drivers , others very good ones . 
  - a bit of a strange society mix made up of a ` normal ' , well-educated middle class that have either done well for themselves since the nineties or not , very wealthy new rich who flaunt their cash with excesses ( bmw for teenage kids etc ) , incredibly poor farmers in thr countryside , many young people feel hopeless about the future and earn a stupidly low amount of money , others have managed to find areas with money , like programming . 
  - you can see the country 's potential wherever you go . 
  they may not believe it themselves , but i think they 're moving in the right direction in many ways . 
  - wasting unbelievable sums of money on a new ego-project cathedral in buchardst . 
  totally baffling to me . 
  meanwhile , many of their doctors earn lesd than i do , parttime , in austria . 
  of course , their income does get supplemented by gifts . 
  - roma are a touchy subject . 
  fine , i wo n't get into it . 
  but then please , stop fucking talking about it to foreigners all the time . 
  i would say a half of all romanians i 've talked to have tried to explain the gypsy situation on the day i have met them , frequently as the first topic of conversation . 
  please , stop that . 
  it 's not appropriate , usually very negatively charged talk and wo n't explain anything anyway . 
  - ` pula mea ' or literally ` my cock ' , is an answer to every question in the universe . 
  examples : how are you ? 
  what do you want to eat ? 
  what is the mass of the sun ? 
  that 's some gooood shit . 
  - many romanians are proud of being romanians and get offended easily . 
  also , sometimes they hold grudges for a long time . 
  a friend 's dad basically does n't talk to me because i 'm austrian and some shit happened in sibiu during the empire days . 
  as in over 100 years ago . 
  i do n't even remember what it was . 
  sorry , i guess ? 
  what does he want me to do ? 
  - hot chicks . 
  i got one , 
  yeah and it 's data for the whole country rather than regions . 
  although abortion is n't hugely prevalent , even ireland has more . 
  pretty sure the swiss once accidentally invaded the country . 
  i was once at a conference that was attended by about 10 people with liechtensteinian nationality ( and 3 from andorra ) . 
  i think that 's got to be some kind of a record . 
  the liechtenstein family has a coloured history and their palace in vienna costs something stupid like 36 euros to visit . 
  talk about making art available to the masses !, 
  a remnant that still has relevance for those without cars, 
  question for a romanian : what about moldova ( the country ) and moldavia ( the . . region ? 
  province ? ), 
  in romania ? 
  is there a similar fight going on ? 
  - the stupidest argument about names , ever . 
  i do n't pretend to understand the intricacies of the fight , but surely at some point you kinda have to say `` enough is enough '' ? 
  just let macedonia be macedonia . 
  - a lot of refugees came there from kosovo during the war - i only know one macedonian woman , but if she represents the majority of women from there , they have some crazy bitches . 
  crazy , hot women . 
  borderline insane . 
  - alcohol - stricken by some pretty extreme poverty . 
  i remember last winter or the year before , a guy started an online campaign trying to collect money for an old lady so that she could heat her apartment . 
  it worked a lot better than expected and he managed to spread the love a little further as well . 
  i 'm surprised we 're even on the list with our ewige raunzerei, 
  shame that instead of giving you time to think , the movie is a rushed , balls to the wall action movie with about 80 % constant adrenaline . 
  it really fucked me off . 
  after fucking around on the awesome website , you can see that they 've put so much thought into this film , so much energy into building a believable world , and then it 's wasted on constant shooting and fighting . 
  not only the revolution is incidental , but * everything * is . 
  the characters barely think or talk , there are hints at an actually interesting plot that are on the sidelines . 
  what annoyed me even more was the way things were rushed : you see these awesome robots on elysium ? 
  yeah , now you wo n't , ever again , or any other security forces until mr president himself decides to act in the last 45 seconds of the film . 
  see those eight drones flying over all of la in 140 years ? 
  yeah they found matt damon immediately . 
  see that brain data that kills you when you transfer it ? 
  yeah , it 's encrypted and scrambled , somehow everyone knows what it is , and how can you look at something without transfering it ? 
  see that countdown ? 
  it 's just a countdown for another countdown !, 
  did n't realise they used vista in 140 years . 
  the casting was excellent , the acting almost universally very good with occasional slip-ups by everoyne , design of the movie fantastic in true blomkamp style , special effects very good ( dat blown-up face ) , script and execution ... meh . 
  6/10 , because i was so angry when i left the cinema , expecting something smarter and better from blomkamp . 
  tipu role maneca , si pune mana in cur din pui . 
  ca si ( last time ) , tipu role maneca si pune mana in cur din pui . 
  o sticle mai mult !, 
  ( like every last time ) , el pune mana in gura . 
  e foaaaarte beat . 
  sorry to all romanians who suffered through that ... 
  no no , we must circle jerk the gypsy hatred and romanian master race masturbation , not to mention pseudo-intellectual douche hating for longer and ignore the real , easy answers to this retarded article and more retarded response !, 
  i think you 'll find the vast majority of people do n't give a fuck about romanians , and that upsets them even more . 
  no because like muslims , roma are exempt from being generalized against . 
  or something . 
  be happy though , it 's not just the romanians . 
  having lived in london , i know how full of tall bullshit racist tales taxi drivers can be . 
  i 'll pass , thanks . 
  you very well are justifying their behavior with some invented bullshit story about her possibly having scammed some drivers - * and the only reason you came to that absurd conclusion is that she was a gypsy * . 
  i am not judging romanians , i am trying to get you to see past the bullshit and accept that roma have problems in romania not only because they are undereducated or whatever , it was an illustration of what happens . 
  do n't pretend it does n't happen , if you do you are simply living a lie . 
  lame attempt at justifying it but it 's besides the point .
