  low-brow papers / tabloids in particular do this . 
  the kronenzeitung is eurosceptic and has about 50 % readership , and it 's a fucking rag . 
  unbelievable so many people read it , the level of writing is slow and sensationalist all the time . 
  watching this thread with interest . 
  honestly did not expect austria 's to be this high , i do n't know anyone who still lives with their parents . 
  maybe it 's because vienna 's statistics are always different from the rest of the country ? 
  actually come to think of it : many people still have the main residence at their parents ' house , but have a `` second residence '' ( nebenwohnsitz ) where they `` actually '' live . 
  that 's teh only explanation i have . 
  bloody arriva, 
  yeh but / r/de is for german speakers , not germans as such, 
  tsk . 
  that 's nothing . 
  / r/austria has , like over 1,616 , so like , nyer !, 
  ( and no we ca n't be counted as part of / r/deutschland or something ), 
  i love immigration threads in / r/europe , brings out the best in this subreddit , eh ? 
  makes me think of movie trailers . 
  - dramatic music - * a young attractive white blond scientist is looking at data on a computer . 
  he takes off his glasses at one set of data and looks more closely , clearly shocked by something . 
  * sexyscientist : hey , hotsmartgirl , come check this , it ca n't be right , can it ? 
  * she comes to look at the data , leans over his shoulder , her big boobs are now almost visible * . 
  hotsmartgirl whispers : oh my goodness * fade to black * aggressive , charismatic politician with a british accent : the dark horde is coming . 
  it feeds off civilisation and progress and leaves nothing behind but wailing babies and welfare recipients . 
  you must listen to me before it 's too late !, 
  * trailer shows it 's obviously too late as white people run away screaming from a shadow constantly increasing in size * . 
  * at first , an indistinguishable sound , but as it gets progressively louder it is easily and immediately recognisable * `` allaaaaah akhbar !, 
  * also that deep horn sound that seems to be in every action film or game these days * * the shadow increases in size and the camera zooms out further and further to the most dramatic part of the music , showing first sweden , then all of europe at night time . 
  the lights of cities disappear , like in that part of call of duty where a nuke got set off in space . 
  this scene is interrupted by explosions and people getting thrown through the air . 
  * sexyscientist ( now with burns all over his face and a singed white shirt ) : `` quick , hotsmartgirl , put these on ! '', 
  * throws burqa * hotsmartgirl : `` no way !, 
  i am not doing that !, 
  are you crazy !? '', 
  sexyscientist gets more intense : `` do it !, 
  it 's out only chance ! '', 
  * cut away again to hotsmartgirl hiding under a bed , muslim aggressive voices can be heard nearby . 
  she 's terrified and holding a little girl 's hand , they 're nearly crying . 
  * hotsmartgirl , barely whispering and weeping : `` whatevery you do sweetie ... do n't say christmas ! '', 
  coming fall 2013 the fall of europe and everything you stand for, 
  thanks jesus christ people really think 100,000 somalis are going to descend onto sweden like some sort of dark starving horde . 
  yeah that 's definitely different in the ngo field . 
  in general yes , they like you to have an ma in human rights or anything even remotely relevant , but even then i got in as a student , beating people with degrees - i 've yet to finish my ba . 
  knowledge , experience and speaking the language , enabling you to have a good rapport with the interviewer , are vital . 
  as a half-austrian , my spoken german is virtually flawless and has a viennese accent . 
  even in an international business environment , they often want to be able to speak german . 
  my entire work is in english and french , i only speak german with people as a convenience and i 'm sure it was one of the factors when they hired me . 
  top-tier jobs rarely need to be advertised . 
  they either hire someone from within , or somebody knows somebody who kinda knows somebody . 
  i get internal emails about jobs all the time and i honestly have no idea how much effort they go through to advertise them outside the org as well , at least ones near the top . 
  i got in through unijobs initially . 
  also remember that top jobs for international business are often advertised internationally as well , and only their main site actually shows it , not the national one . 
  again , speaking from mere observations i 've made , as it interests me from time to time when i think of hurling myself through a window at work . 
  are there problems in austria right now ? 
  i 've never found a job here using anything other unijobs.at and walking into mcd , ca n't really comment . 
  since then it 's always basically been a friend sending me an email and saying `` hey you should apply for this job where i work , here 's the link to the employer 's website '' . 
  never really used monster or karriere.at , they do n't have many jobs in the ngo sector that appeal to me - in my experience . 
  all very nice , but i guess you ca n't only rely on one website 's opinion - maybe they 're losing / winning market share in certain places where there have been changes ? 
  i already have 1000 eu-wide from austria and 300 roaming ... you 'd have to be a pretty heavy user to use more than this , 5 hours of roaming phonecalls are enough for a month . 
  but hey , give it a go , a couple of years ago belgium was obscenely expensive , has it improved ? 
  none ? 
  was n't like , the absolute top one sent to jail for a little bit ? 
  did any get shot during the revolution perhaps ? 
  there is more opposition , as in way more , than i expected . 
  not sure if it 'll pass, 
  please buy a few of our eurofighters . 
  sincerely austria, 
  it still blows my mind that the people of romania did n't round up more of the big securitate people . 
  i mean jeez , you 'd think more people would have been sent to jail , rather than getting rich . 
  i thought the church said they could live with it ? 
  hardly hardcore rejection, 
  yes but what about schools etc ? 
  would children be taught to use it or not in your scenario ? 
  there 's rarely choice in primary school, 
  they do take driving history into account though . 
  the male / female thing was one of the other indicators . 
  i 'm austrian and have had a romanian girlfriend for nearly 8 years . 
  we go to bucharest and around several times a year and the transformation in these years has been absolutely spectacular . 
  i noticed it earlier , but even she can take off the mask of disbelief ( like many , she was extremely cynical ) and see that there are changes , and many of them are positive . 
  we went again just a few weeks ago . 
  some striking changes i noticed this time : - suddenly , bikes everywhere . 
  and i mean , * nice * bikes . 
  - bike lanes , still rather limited and with bollards in the middle to stop cars driving there - receipts - small high-tech businesses . 
  in austria , data recovery from a fucked hdd is stupid expensive ( ~ $ 1500 ) , less so in romania ( still more than in the uk ) - the new bars appearing everywhere in the gardens of ruined villas and blocks - reminds me of early-to-mid 2000s budapest ( do n't tell them i said that ! ), 
  - craft beers are seeing a new appreciation , still cheaper than normal beer back home - more optimistic people - not * everyone * wants to leave anymore , at least not right now , possibly due to unwelcoming tones coming from western europe - vama veche ist turning less and less interesting , but i think that 's because of a combination of more expensive + getting older - only expirat held my attention with good drinks and excellent pizza . 
  still better than mamaia though . 
  - people are starting to have disposable income - see the bike comment as well - to try all sorts of new hobbies . 
  - i crave luca covrigi every day and am seriously considering opening a franchise in vienna when the whole vegan gluten free organic fatfree kale trend finally dies in almost 8 years , i have only ever had two people be specifically unwelcoming to me . 
  once , because i work for ngos and romania can `` fix itself thanks '' and the other time because a douchebag got upset my girlfriend was romanian ( `` all you have is money and that 's the only reason they come to you and do n't stay with us '' ) , but he was very drunk so , eh . 
  i know those guys , and they all go to croatia or italy on holiday to cycle . 
  i certainly equate croatia with sporty holidays and i 'm not exactly lean, 
  i agree with your general sentiment . 
  this guy certainly comes across as an ass - what on earth makes him think that people are unable to make decisions and deal with problems - and lord knows , barcelona has its fair share - in a new way ? 
  when i was there last summer we went on a fun `` free '' ( ie pay as you like ) tour run by an anarchist . 
  of course , his view of the city was very different from what you would usually get , and one of the big talking points was always hotels . 
  hotels that the community manages to block by buying a tiny plot of land ( crowdsourcing the money ) and then for example , changing the space into an urban art spot . 
  you can see , when the people take such drastic action , that these are issues close to their hearts . 
  imagine seeing your community torn apart by evictions and then seeing the tourists live there instead . 
  another example was park guell , which was made open for the people of barcelona , but now got changed into part of the park having an entry fee . 
  i understand the need to capitalise on tourists ( especially if they 're damaging the things their visiting ) but it 's not as if barcelona did n't encourage it . 
  this is going to be interesting, 
  christ i think the deluded `` justice '' boners in this thread are visible from space .
