  living alone is awesome apart from dishes and laundry, 
  ah , a true family tradition . 
  we 've always watched it , even if austria decided not to take part for a couple of years ( anger at the voting system i think ? ), 
  to make it 1000 % better , avoid listening to any of the songs before the finals at all costs . 
  seriously , not even the semis . 
  i like to be surprised . 
  also , yes , drink !, 
  austria : - the most mainstream media , a tabloid , periodically tries to terrify people by saying collapse is around the corner - normal newspapers are fairly okay about it - some people - especially `` commentators '' in media - want to watch greece burn , out of the euro , etc - most people do n't give a shit because they genuinely have n't noticed . 
  our relatively high unemployment figures in march / april were due to bad weather preventing construction . 
  this should be starting to get better - however the job situation can be a little bit crap at times - i 'd say 30 % like the german way , 30 % the french way , and the rest are divided or have no clue, 
  i do n't know how it is anywhere else , but on orange in austria i can activate short-term `` packages '' that give me a load of roaming / calling abroad minutes at a much lower price . 
  it 's the last thing i do before i go on holiday , usually end up paying those five euros and that 's that, 
  well , we are talking about two different europes , so it makes sense . 
  one made up of 47 ( +1 ) states , and the other of 27 . 
  the important one for many of us is < 25 as this is the biggest problem area apart from men over 40 in europe , from what i #ve understood so far . 
  interesting . 
  the reason construction workers in austria ( about 30 % of our unemployed at least ) could n't work was bad weather , so in fact our unemployment rate is set to go down over the summer as they catch up . 
  i 'm guessing the spanish reasons for no construction are more man-made ? 
  wait what what was the problem they did n't have ? 
  i 'm surprised austria does n't score `` well '' here . 
  it 's age-old problem : vienna skews people 's perception of the rest of the country . 
  it 's incredibly hard to fire people in austria , do n't know where you get your ideas from . 
  believe me , we 've tried ... 
  the only sector that got hit initially was construction , and that just because feb , march and even some of april were ridiculously cold and no construction could be done . 
  now slowly other parts of the labour markets are being hit . 
  i 'm just happy i work for an ngo in austria where cuts have been minimal in comparison to other places . 
  an incredibly tough environment at the moment , especially for those poor bastards with next to no experience . 
  the film that is mentioned is very , very convincingly done and it took me a couple of hours after i walked out of the cinema and a couple of hours of internet to get back down to earth . 
  it does n't surprise me in the least that someone has died doing this . 
  unbelievable . 
  such a backwards decision it just blows my mind . 
  no idea how the internet works or what people do , just corporate-made beergoggles that make them see cash symbols on everything . 
  it 's gon na be a hell of a hangover, 
  it 's so that the british can have their own human rights . 
  i propose , therefore , that we simply call them eitrige from now on, 
  this is true , but it 's not just papers . 
  i have colleagues in the uk ( international organisation ) who for years would tell their clients that it 's `` impossible to do because of an eu law '' . 
  we 'd been doing it for years in austria , and perfectly legally . 
  they were genuinely shocked , but this is the main thing we do !, 
  they just never made the connection . 
  they just blame things on the eu for no reason, 
  while hahn is an example , i 've heard a few grumblings . 
  it 's not something they would publish or really publically accuse someone of , but fairly common knowledge among party circles , and i have quite a bit of contact with the vienna offices thanks to family being involved . 
  kind of similar to haider being antigay while being a raging bumgay . 
  i ca n't comment on other parties , but there are a few leading ( or now former ) sp\u00d6 politicians who definitely got theirs ghostwritten for them . 
  one of the most common ones i 've heard is about a very friendly chap . 
  what 's true is that they were n't necessarily plagiarised , but i find the idea that they did n't write their own thesis at all equally disturbing . 
  this is frightfully common for many politicians in austria . 
  in germany , they 're forced to resign . 
  here ? 
  pfffahahaha i #d wager this is probably quite common elsewhere too , at least ghostwriting ( ie pay someone smarter than you to write it ), 
  vienna is that fifty something rich old man who pretends to be interested in hip art and music , seems to want to encourage an intercultural exchange with foreigners from all over the world , but secretly votes for the far right parties he decries over dinner in a posh restaurant and wants nothing more than to cross the street whenever he sees a turk on his side of the road . 
  honestly did n't expect italy to be where it is !, 
  i read recently that itunes sales rose ~ 25 % after the three-strikes rule was implemented in france . 
  get with it people - those companies are never going to back down and will continue to lobby like there 's no tomorrow , because now they even have an example to point out . 
  i 'll go to the protests , i 'll take my vote from whoever tries to pass this in austria ( since we often like to follow germans on this kind of thing ) , but frankly i 'm not overly confident . 
  except their ideals were not based on the denial of something happening , but very much on ideas and theories . 
  denying the holocaust is not an idea or even really a theory . 
   how do you know it is n't a hoax ? 
  because you were told by authority ? 
  because i 'm very interested in the topic and have never seen a shred of evidence that would indicate otherwise . 
   speak for yourself and try not to be so condescending . 
  sorry , i do try not to make the crazy , bigotted or anti-semitic spreaders of their hate-filled ramblings sound like dangerous idiots , nor do i wish to imply that future generations will be stupid or something . 
  i just do n't think holocaust-deniers have the right to spread their filth . 
   only a failure on the part of the forces of truth can mean trouble , and a law which tries to do the our job for us will just make us complacent . 
  no it does n't . 
  laws are not here to make us complacent . 
  should there be no laws at all , according to you ? 
  it 's not about uttering it in public in the street . 
  it 's about publishing it and / or speaking to a crowd . 
  you wo n't get in trouble in a pub ( maybe thrown out , but the owner can decide that ) . 
  i 'm not saying you 're whitewashing what happened . 
  however , i do n't think we should `` get over it '' . 
  so what if 99 % of the people who perpetrated the crimes are dead ? 
  there is a lasting effect here and there will be for many , many years . 
  this is the only piece of `` state-mandated '' history that exists here ( i can only speak as an austrian who had a * very * dedicated nazi great-grandfather who cried with delight when i was born because i was blond with blue eyes . 
  no really , that was the reason , not general joy ) , and it is connected to anti-nazi laws . 
  since almost holocaust deniers do n't even bother mentioning homosexuals and roma in their papers for more than a few lines and concentrate solely , and so intently , on the jews , it is very easy to make the connection . 
  the company these peole keep in almost all cases is especially unhelfpful when they argue for their innocence , we 're talking leading figures of the neo-nazi and anti-semitic field . 
  it is extremely rare for anyone to land in jail because of holocaust denial only . 
   that 's because we have libel laws . 
  there is a very great difference between deliberately spreading lies about individuals with the intent of harming them and denying more general matters . 
  you should n't confuse the two . 
  except that the part of the holocaust that is being denied is not a * general * matter . 
  you ca n't say that in general , between 50,000 and 6,000,000 jewish people were murdered . 
  they are very deliberately spreading lies and actively trying to sew confusion . 
  if they genuinely do n't believe it happened - which i 'm sure is probably the case for most of these ` historians ' - they will have to bring forth arguments that are a lot better than `` it 's impossible to kill so many people in six/seven years '' and zany cover-up / faking stories . 
  besides which , you 're implying that we throw them into jail without the right to a fair trial etc. 
  most people will get away with a small fine , especially the first couple of times , and maybe someone 'll take the time to explain the horrors of gas-chambers to them . 
  they usually only really go after jail time for high-profile targets who are knowingly misinforming people and manipulating them into thinking that they 've somehow been had in a gigantic zionist moneymaking scheme . 
  the law is there to prevent any kind of neo-nazi revival that goes beyond a select few . 
  you 'll see neo-nazis marching in austria and germany , but they do n't all get arrested for expressing their opinion either , and many of them would say the history of the holocaust is exaggerated . 
  in the same way that comparing the holocaust to libel laws was n't a good example - i freely admit this - comparing it to the creationist/evolution debate is equally misguided . 
  presumably , we 'll be looking for a good analogy for a long time . 
  i do n't believe creationism should be taught in schools either , and certainly not on some sort of misguided equal footing . 
  it has no place outside of church , but thankfully most people here realise this . 
  i agree with you on france , i was answering because it was being compared to the austrian / german situation , where we supposedly have `` one version of history '' . 
  in fact , of course , historic sciences are flooded with texts about the holocaust in every higher education institution in the german-speaking world , comparing , analysing and arguing about the events before , during and after the holocaust . 
  numbers , casualties , you can argue about everything as long as you do n't deny that it happened and concerend several million civilians . 
  like i said , i 'm not really sure why france has decided on a political move that does n't really seem to concern them at all .
