  very weird indeed . 
  i remember talking to my ( romanian ) girlfriend 's dad about how some of the politicians in romania even look like gangsters or dodgy , massively untrustworthy . 
  he said it was n't * that * bad . 
  i pointed at the tv-screen at some dude on the pulpit in parliament or something and went `` i mean look at him !, 
  i would n't trust him with anything i own ! '', 
  the dad looked degectedly at his beer glass and said `` ok , you win , he is the most corrupt of them all . '', 
  fuck yes . 
  if it was really them , awesome !, 
  cool !, 
  rabies shots for humans only buy you time for proper treatment iirc . 
  when i went to ghana and got the shot they said `` now you have 48 hours to get to a clinic , not 24 '' . 
  austrian alps are pretty expensive but you can find cheap places to stay as well . 
  all is catered for !, 
  my girlfriend 's romanian . 
  five years ago , i was always suspicious when she took me somewhere , expecting the worst . 
  i 've always been surprised at how much potential there is everywhere . 
  there often seems to be * something * missing , until i realise that of course what is missing is money and the luxury that surrounds it . 
  all they need to do is clean it up a little bit more ( paint pots in streams , random oil barrel in the street , that kind of stuff , it just takes a day , throw it away somewhere else ! ), 
  and it would be indistinguishable from any village in rural western and central europe . 
  but about 1/3 of the price . 
  i think the problem will diminish as the stray dog population declines . 
  i mean , they 're still everywhere , but * less * . 
  they 're always a major factor in rabies statistics as they are also always close to humans . 
  go to moeciu de sus , beautiful national park . 
  plus a corgi / newfoundland mix that looked like a sausage-dog bear that decided to escort us on our hike in the park , protecting us from certain death by normal bears . 
  a novel way to illuminate dangerously dark country roads at night ? 
  france , you are about 5 years behind and you think you 're first in the eu ? 
  yep , although you have to be sure your phone is on a 3 network or you are beyond fucked , as i found out painfully some years ago during a visit to the uk . 
  krocha , although that is kinda dead . 
  do n't really think yugo is correct , what with turks and everything, 
  god there is nothing better than those websites taking the piss out of cocalari and pitipoance . 
  i have been woken up at 4 o'clock in the mornng by my ( romanian ) girlfriend as she giggles like a loon at every picture she sees . 
  they are pretty sad, 
  migrationwatch : fear the migrants but do n't worry we are watching them also the ship is full, 
  now there 's some super awesome swimming water , 
  i am for romania 's inclusion within the eu , but you 're looking at the country with extremely rose-tinted glasses . 
  a huge part of the country is fucked up , even if there are improvements here and there . 
  i know a fair amount of young romanian professionals , but the outsourcing you see being made by countries like hp or oracle will move as soon as taxes get raised or wages get too high . 
  it 's a classic move . 
  as far as education is concerned , come off it . 
  as others have said , the olympiad counts for nothing . 
  you are arguing along the same lines as many of my romanian friends here in vienna : `` i have an amazing school leaving certificate , i am more educated than so many of my colleagues who went to school in austria , when i was 14 i went to rome on a school exchange thing and the german kids did n't even realise we were in the sistine chapel , i mean how is that even possible blabla '' ... first of all the comparisons being drawn are downright offensive . 
  secondly , it 's normal for there to be different levels of knowledge in groups , that 's what makes us human . 
  a good example is maths , where there may be awesome marks in tests at school , but applying it to real life examples suddenly everything looks very different . 
  and thirdly , i 've not seen any actual evidence of this `` superior '' education having any effect in further education . 
  i know two ( at least , i suspect more ) people who have taken out illicit loans . 
  by illicit i mean , that they will never pay back because they simply ca n't . 
  they are my age : 25 . 
  first thing one bought ? 
  a home-sauna . 
  the other ? 
  a car , of course , a sweet bmw m3 . 
  now they are paying back the loan with the money they have left over . 
  it 's like free pocket money in their eyes . 
  and you know how they got those loans ? 
  of course , they know someone who works at erste bank or whatever . 
  it stinks , and it 's going to kick that country in the ass harder than anything else . 
  also , many of those cars are essentially worthless second-hand models from , kinda ironically considering the article here , germany . 
  what are clothes outlets when you have thousands in dirty loans to spend on whatever you want ? 
  bucharest is a great city and i like it , but you 'd have to give me a lot of money to move there . 
  yes , stuff is moving , it 's an active city , and the old town in the centre is awesome . 
  but it 's all tinged with an element of carelessness , and i 'm worried about that . 
  not to mention , some shit would just drive me crazy . 
  constanta : meh , brasov : tiny and rich , yes . 
  i guess we can include sibiu as well . 
  as soon as you drive out into the smaller towns in the countryside , it 's depressing as fuck , mired in poverty and it 's no surprise to me that everyone wants to leave . 
  what about pitesti ? 
  what about galati ? 
  what hope does anybody from those cities have ? 
  again , sometimes it seems to get better , but i 'm not convinced . 
  anyway , vienna here : please skilled workers , come here and put up with our idiotic politicians and occasional bigot , you 'll see , it 's worth it in the end . 
  i might pop down to vama veche for a drink and drug-fuelled bender . 
  and visit bucharest and the rest of romania all the time because my girlfriend forces me to.just kidding i also want to . 
  you know how being grumpy is kinda contagious ? 
  a bit like yawning ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that one day , loads of people got grumpy , and since then they infected others . 
  every time someone gets in a good mood , they meet a grumpy person who brings them back down again , and then they bring somebody else down , etc. 
  it ` sthe circle of grumpiness round these parts . 
  also , moaning . 
  austrians are such experts at complaining and being annoying that shit gets done to stop it ( like , i do n't know , my grandad used to write letters to the magistrat once a week at least ) . 
  of course , the fact taht someone reacted to these complaints and improved things means this behaviour gets reinforced . 
  in fairness this is obvious anywhere that is quite small . 
  i 'm sure the danes also love seeing themselves in the news ( perhaps not when their embassies are on fire for mohammed cartoons ) . 
  i know it 's the same in small towns in the uk and france as well . 
  i used to live in grimsby in england and anytime we were on national news it would be in the local news for ages . 
  literally frontpage news : people talk about grimsby . 
  i think that small-town / small-country mentality is universal and not just austrian . 
  the accent from someone who went to the theresianum is ( usually , there are obviously exceptions ) completely different from someone who went to a `` normal '' school . 
  although it is starting to meld into one kind of wienerisch , there used to be accents and dialects for separate districts of vienna . 
  someone from the 13th would sound different than someone from florisdorf ... 
  there is a `` posh '' viennese accent , that is definitely clearer and obviously tends to be a little arrogant-sounding , the in-between neutral austrian accents like on orf that most educated people speak , and the hot-dog-stand-at-3am wienerisch , the `` a eitrige mit am buckl und a 16er-blech '' which frankly i often have problems understanding . 
  we love reading about our internal politics , 
  a bit like roma from romania vs romanian students or professionals . 
  people associate romania with gypsy beggars or thieves when there is a vast amount of `` invisible '' romanians going about their lives normally . 
  this makes no sense . 
  first of all , they most likely are able to speak hochdeutsch to some degree and just do n't make the effort to be welcoming to foreigners by forcing themselves to speak in a way that is unnatural . 
  see my first wish . 
  second , many do make an effort to speak more clearly and so on , but it 's not enough and non-native german speakers , i.e. 
  foreigners , still do n't understand it . 
  english people ca n't demand scots or irish people drop their accents either simply because it 's the queen 's english ( tv not included , since we do n't have the news in deep wienerisch either ) .
