i got a guest class from two syrian brothers last winter ( i 'm now a graduated social worker ) . 
  they were both very polite and kind guys , very honest about the situation back home and their journey . 
  they were both looking for work and trying their best to learn the language , even though neither of them planned on staying in nl forever . 
  i also have a bunch of colleagues from work from former yugoslavia . 
  they 've been here for a long time and are very well adapted , so aside from their slight accent i do n't think of them as refugees at all . 
  they 're all good people , although i wish they did n't show me so many pictures of how beautiful their former countries are . 
  i do n't have time or money to travel that much :'( this is n't really my experience , but there 's also a syrian man living in the same apartment building as my grandmother . 
  the people in that building are all native dutch people over the age of 55 and none of them were very exited when they heard that man was coming to live with them . 
  nowadays they 're all okay with him mostly because he 's so nice . 
  he 's a very friendly man , never bothering anyone and happily wishing everyone he comes across a good day in dutch . 
  i feel sorry for him not only because of his not-so-warm welcome but also because his living conditions are pretty poor . 
  his apartment has barely any furniture and does n't even have curtains , so everyone who walks past looks straight into his pretty much empty apartment . 
  he does n't have work of any kind , so he probably does n't have much to do other than sit in his empty concrete box of an apartment all day . 
  hope he 's doing alright . 
  free pizza is a better bonding exercise than marriage, 
  i would argue that eritreans are the worst integrated group . 
  most of the chinese people i come in contact with speak the language decently and half the snackbars , which in some ways are traditionally dutch , in my city are now owned by chinese families . 
  the typical eritrean immigrant is unemployed , unhappy and does n't speak the language well . 
  the eritrean government is insane , which causes the people to flee more and more often . 
  eritreans are one of the fastest growing refugee groups . 
  unfortunately over half of them are unemployed and they come from a culture that could hardly be more different from the dutch one . 
  [ further reading with some information ( in dutch ) ] ( http://nos.nl/nieuwsuur/artikel/2141364-integratie-eritrese-vluchtelingen-verloopt-problematisch.html ), 
  i 'd go to ireland . 
  i felt more at home there than in any other country i 've been in , which honestly might include my own country . 
  everything about the irish culture makes sense to me . 
  plus for a dutch person nothing is more home-y than being able to complain about how terrible the weather is . 
  i 'm from an old industrial city , the poorest municipality in my province . 
  we have a high immigrant population because housing here is affordable and because factories are still an important part of the local job market . 
  i think things are going mostly fine , but there are definitely some problems . 
  populist parties are very popular among the native dutch population in my city , they were the biggest parties here in some elections . 
  you sometimes hear jokes or comments at the expense of morroccans/turks/black people . 
  on the other hand there are parts of the city where groups of young people with immigrant backgrounds hang out on the street . 
  that makes some people feel unsafe and there 's also been cases of vandalism . 
  i work in two factories and a lot of my collegues there are people from immigrant backgrounds . 
  what i see there is very encouraging . 
  i work together with people from literally all over the world and everyone gets along really well . 
  i had a conversation with a morroccan collegue and friend of mine last week where we both concluded that things would be so much better if we were n't so segregated . 
  there are somewhat clear native and immigrant neighbourhoods in my city and there 's too little interaction between them . 
  i think that should change , because this living together but still seperated leads to a lot of misunderstanding and tension . 
  i may be biased because it 's closer to the name used in my language , but i just think czech republic sounds very formal and boring . 
  supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses , not from some farcical aquatic ceremony . 
  i 've heard about the quality of food trucks in the us . 
  sounds nice and probably very convenient . 
  out here you sometimes see random trucks that sell fries and snacks , kebab , vietnamese fried snacks , stuff like that . 
  usually they 're close to either shopping areas or outdoor markets , but in my city they can also be found right outside factories in the industrial area , i assume because there are few other places to buy food there . 
  i do n't eat stuff from them very often , but i certainly would n't say they sell the best food around . 
  on a daily basis i mostly drink jupiler ( be ) , grolsch ( nl ) and bavaria ( nl ) . 
  in a more expensive price range alfa ( be ) and swinckels ( nl ) are great beers . 
  if i had to name one favourite i might say guinness ( ie ) though . 
  i 'm a big fan of dark beers , they 're so soft and warm like a hug from a friend . 
  the guinness west indies porter in particular is amazing , probably my favourite drink in the world . 
  i decided to look up a [ source ] ( http://www.nji.nl/pesten-slachtoffers ) . 
  it says between 7-10 % of kids say they 're bullied and ~ 20 % say they 've bullied someone . 
  it 's quite a bit more than i thought tbh . 
  i do remember [ some ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2152373-15-jarige-scholier-pleegt-zelfmoord-na-pesterijen.html ) [ cases ] ( https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2013/01/25/ouders-tim-ribberink-tonen-afscheidsbrief-na-ophef-over-echtheid-a1437870 ) in our news of people who committed suicide after being bullied . 
  ever since 2013 all schools in the country are required by law to have a `` bullying protocol '' out of a list of proven effectice counter measures . 
  i really would n't know if that 's been helping though . 
  edit : all the links are in dutch btw, 
  does he ? 
  i never knew that . 
  i guess this can be a new entry on the long list of things about which i disagree with geert wilders . 
  good morning to you too  1 . 
  to be fair to our government , nl is a difficult country for most kinds of renewable energy . 
  the only real option seems to be wind energy , but the country is densely populated and the coast gets a fair amount of tourism , so plans for windmill parks are unpopular both on land and at sea . 
  the government has n't made a lot of those unpopular decisions so far and i think that 's a mistake . 
  nl is near the bottom of eu rankings on renewable energy . 
  the new planned windmill island in the north sea that we 'd build together with denmark and germany looks like a step in the right direction though . 
  i 've never met any . 
  it 's the biggest problem facing our time and should be the # 1 priority for every country and international organisation on earth imo . 
  i try to keep my showers short , seperate waste , turn off things i 'm not using , try to cut down on eating meat a little . 
  1 ) jeans and t-shirt 2 ) both breakfast and lunch are usually bread , sometimes yogurt , sometimes something warm and unhealthy when i feel like giving myself a treat . 
  lots of variation in dinners . 
  99 % of what i drink is water , tea , coffee or beer . 
  3 ) when people are negative , pessimistic and like to complain a lot . 
  i get annoyed with that after a while . 
  4 ) pretty happy , usually . 
  5 ) `` haha '' is probably the main one . 
  i 'm rarely ever really laughing when i type that . 
  6 ) i forget or lose things all the time . 
  it 's been a problem my entire life and showing no sign of improvement . 
  like people should be more optimistic . 
  i think people are too good at discussing things that worry us and that we 're afraid of and often fail to look at progress we 've made and be encouraged by it . 
  i worry about many things . 
  climate change , polarisation , the digital era , radicalisation , and many more . 
  every time i think that i also remind myself how lucky i am to live on earth right now . 
  especially the last few decades we 've had 2 big leaps forward for every step back . 
  we just pay more attention to the steps back . 
  what if i walked up to people at a bus stop and give them a big old hug ? 
  would that be a good way to make friends ? 
  i once went on a holiday to italy which the weather completely ruined for me . 
  i was in tuscany for a week and the max temperatures were between 40 and 45 degrees c for every day . 
  heat makes me tired , so i really could n't go outdoors at all between 9 am and 9 pm or so . 
  spent the entire week lying down indoors . 
  european languages are definitely italian , greek and swedish . 
  italian is fancy as hell , greek sounds majestic and swedish sounds like singing . 
  i 'm a big fan of a bunch of african languages like zulu and xhosa . 
  i like listening to african music and the language is a big reason why . 
  in my own country ( netherlands ) i 'd recommend den bosch ( 's - hertogenbosch ) . 
  it 's got a nice mix of giant open squares with big , old buildings and tiny alleyways with pubs and restaurants , and a couple canals . 
  abroad my standout favourites are galway in ireland , krak\u00f3w in poland , and my most hipster choice : echternach in luxembourg .
