  you bet it was the american mafia . 
  yes , they do some good to keep the community from revolting against them . 
  however , you can neither affect who they are or what actions they take . 
  charity is not a government responsibility . 
  government does n't do charity . 
  it takes money and provides services for it . 
  there are several differences in the two . 
  you do n't choose the mobster and the policy they follow . 
  you can and do choose , by voting , the policies and the extend of them that the government officials must follow . 
  further on , taxation , unlike the extortion by monsters , is n't used to profit them . 
  it is , to a large extend , redistributed inside the country to help make great works which an individual ca n't not has any reason to do , but that do benefit society as a whole ( roads , large bridges , cheap hospitals etc ) you use these utilities every day too , as does everyone . 
  finally , money is used to help achieve at least some basic standard of living for our fellow citizens as well as promote some practices that benefit society . 
  the mobsters just build a villa . 
  so i think your hypothetical example is n't correct, 
  wait , so you actually believe taxation is racketeering/theft ? 
  oh please , that 's the same logic used by those saying taxation is theft . 
  money does n't magically grow on trees either , you have to work for it . 
  is those hours at work that go into taxation slavery too ? 
  some countries need conscription to secure themselves . 
  unfortunate but true . 
  as long as the time in conscription is strictly limited , non-discriminatory ( so no black people picking cotton ) and humane , it is just another societal obligation , much like taxation or obeying the law is . 
  there is a difference between a limitless , inhumane forced conscription in an african country in civil war and a 1 year conscription in finland though . 
  and pasok was in power when we entered the imf . 
  pasok was in power when the bloated wellfare state was introduced . 
  just because nd did n't dismantle the wellfare state , as it should have , does n't mean that the left is absolved of it . 
  while a two party system is bad , greece 's current economic troubles are directly linkable to the 70s bloating of the public sector , initiated and championed by pasok . 
  increasing the public sector , bringing many companies under public ownership etc are all staple left wing economic policies . 
  there are plenty of countries that had/have two party systems that do n't have similar problems . 
  britain , as an example . 
  i was n't referring to syriza with my post , actually . 
  the situation was caused by decades of mismagement of center-left pasok , primarily . 
  pasok is why our current public sector is so grossly bloated . 
  the current corruption thrived under pasok . 
  our public finances , pensions etc all were fucked under the socialist , leftist , pasok . 
  syriza is just another cherry at the top of the shitshow that is socialism in my country . 
  leftism does n't protect the weak . 
  else greece 's poor would be doing great right now . 
  that 's because , unlike romania , poland had an organized right wing opposition when the ruling communist party collapsed . 
  in most post-communist countries , the only people with rulling experience were ex-communists so they had to take the reigns . 
  had a talk with the mods . 
  response is ( to summarize the conversation ) : the gulags being death camps and not a rough imprisonment is still controversial ( he linked a few sources on that ) . 
  as such , using the denial of mass murder to remove the comment/ban the user would probably not be a good idea at the moment . 
  i think the explanation is reasonable enough . 
  it should , and maybe is , bannable to try to justify mass murder and death camps . 
  if denying/minimizing the holocaust or the armenian genocide is grounds for a ban , so should be this . 
  yes , the organization of gulag was established in the 30s , gulags , meaning work camps ( as we understand the term ) did n't . 
  since we are talking about the morality of those actions , the organization 's name is pretty fucking irrelevant at this . 
  so you are still wrong , and a pendantic fuck to add to the mass murderer apologist . 
  also , here is my original post  the gulags were first instituted in 1923 , when lenin was still alive and way before stalin had absolute power . 
  which is absolutely true . 
   the first corrective labour camps after the revolution were established in 1918 ( solovki ) and legalized by a decree `` on creation of the forced-labor camps '' on 15 april 1919 . 
  the internment system grew rapidly , reaching population of 100,000 in the 1920s and from the very beginning it had a very high mortality rate can you please stop . 
  it 's embarrassing at this point . 
  no , they were n't . 
  do some research before you try to correct someone . 
  and you have the ability to contextualize something that equals that of a pea pod , but we try not to make a big deal out of that . 
  the only thing that 's retarded is saying people who support sensible immigration policies cause others to stab kids . 
  also , this is n't / r/murica . 
  keep your nra and the rest of the american crap out of here , thanks . 
  grats guys . 
  may the / r/europe reich live a 1000 years , 
  who is blaming everything on immigrants ? 
  you just have a strawman in your mind that does n't match reality . 
  no , it was lenin . 
  stalin just continued his legacy . 
  ukraine worked great for him . 
  he annexed the strategic part , destroyed any chances of ukraine aligning with the west and weakened the new regime . 
  every strategic goal was achieved . 
  do you have a source on him only targeting non-white people ? 
  yes , he could very well have other reasons . 
  a blood feud , personal beef with an administrator there or he was just crazy and that was the closest public place to him . 
  the gulags were first instituted in 1923 , when lenin was still alive and way before stalin had absolute power . 
  lenin was a mass murdering piece of shit much like stalin was . 
  he just did n't have enough time to go full stalin . 
  sorry , emphasis on the `` racist '' . 
  he could be a whacko , he could be far right , far left , racist , a blood feud , whatever . 
  my point is we do n't know yet . 
  a hero of the people that brought one of the deadliest , most brutal dictatorships to ever exist . 
  what a great hero !, 
   the terrorist did n't do this because he was worried about overprotective fathers , he murdered people of color because he was a white supremacist , fascist scumbag and part of the murderously reactionary european trend . 
  source on that ? 
  people who advocate socialized healthcare are dangerous because some people want a violent revolution to install a communist dictatorship by the same logic . 
  also , we have no reason to believe this guy was a ~ ~ violent ~ ~ racist . 
  in what way ? 
  no you tell woman you wan na bambam she melt on your feet , especially in public transportation . 
  aye , in civilized countries unlike the kebabistan , we ask more subtly `` are you bambam '', 
   also the case of greece is a special one where the greek state just took obscene loans out and then had to be bailed out by the rest of the ez to avoid collapse you know greece had a referendum , right ? 
  the 3rd referendum in our history , actually . 
  it was completely ignored due to pressures from the eu . 
  i was actually heavily invested in the `` yes '' camp ( to accept the deal ) and even i found that disgusting . 
   you could have voted a party in that had been more eu skeptic . 
  i did up until i had to vote nd to not have syriza come to power . 
  if you mean greece as a whole , up until recently , the only party in the parliament that was against the eu was the stalinist party . 
  what 's your solution at that point ? 
  it also still does n't answer any of my points . 
  just because a deal is in place , it does n't mean the other can trample all your rights as a nation at will . 
  if tomorrow the european states agreed on a common policy that directly hurt german interests ... say , banning heavy metal manufacturing and processing ( hypothetical scenario , of course ) , would you be willing to have your economy and way of life wrecked because `` you agreed to it '' ? 
  you presume to say that only because the current situation directly benefits your nation at the cost of most others and germany can , and unfortunately does , throw its weight around to bully dissenting nations . 
  tl ; dr : my flair, 
   the catch point is that nobody is forced to be a part of the eu .
