  yes !, 
  mount and blade !, 
  this is good :3 if you wan na , we can play it tomorrow , it will be fun n ' stuff . 
  hey sly  eu4 for mp you only need the base game which , at the moment , is n't on sale unfortunately , so it costs 43 ( which considering it goes on sale for like , 5 bucks regularly , means it is a bad buy right now ) . 
  it 's also kind of hard to jump into a mp game without understanding the game . 
  eu4 is civilization on steroids , essentially . 
  yep !, 
  we will be playing with the new dlc ( which i have ) . 
  the faction system is great , ignore the haters . 
  they are mostly angry that it makes expanding a bit harder . 
  we will be hosting every saturday till we reach the end . 
  you can always hop in for a session and get a country somebody does n't currently play . 
  you can also leave sooner than the 4 hours if you wish . 
  this wo n't be a strict dems de rulez nobody can break them session . 
  it will be a more fun and casual / r/europe game . 
  never livestreamed before , but if people are interested , sure . 
  i am probably not a very interesting host though , 
  absolutely !, 
  this week did n't happen anyway , it will be next satuday as detailed in the above post , 
  naw , no need . 
  even if someone picks france or whatever , it will fine because they will be contained by actual players and not stupid ai . 
  unfortunately , it was cancelled for tonight . 
  i will try again next week a bit more organized ( aka with a much larger warning before the event ) . 
  if anyone is interested next week , it will be the afforementioned time for 4 hours ( or less if you do n't want to stay for the whole thing ) . 
  the game has n't started yet but it will soon !, 
  if you are interested , leave a message and add me on steam , 
  to start off , i think i will play castille in this game . 
  if anyone else strongly wants castille though , no problem by me . 
  praise the zun !, 
  soon , iceland will judge crimes the proper way : tying someone to a stick for 40 days without food or water . 
  if they die , they were innocent . 
  if they survive , they were wizards and , thus , evil . 
  he is just throwing shit trying to see what sticks . 
  there is a bot that autotags everyone that posts in certain subs as doubleplusungoodthinkers . 
  i made a few posts in kotakuinaction a few months ago . 
  i am also tagged for a fatpeoplehater ( been called a few times that ) because i literally called them idiots in a post a few months ago ( and got banned from there , consequentially ) . 
  maybe you posted there once because of a link or whatever , it does n't matter . 
  the point is to silence you by the basest of ad hominems rather than address anything you said , a practice which is quite frankly despicable . 
  awww , you are using the auto-tagger bot ? 
  how quaint . 
  sorry for all the wrongthink comrade , i will reeducate myself . 
  would it be fine if an organization distributed the communist manifesto to all 16 year olds ? 
  or , if you want the other side , atlas shrugged ? 
  these are ideological books and should be taken voluntarily and at a older age group . 
  eh , i have read it . 
  had worse . 
  then again , i have also read ayn rand 's works . 
  good evening miss bearder and thank you sincerely for doing this ama !, 
  i would like to ask a few questions in regards to the eu . 
  i understand you are enthusiastically pro-eu but do you believe there are some ways the eu is n't performing as well as it should ? 
  if yes , how would you suggest the eu could be improved in those areas ? 
  another matter is the recent european-wide immigration crisis . 
  the immigrant transfer deal , since the horrific paris attacks , is dead in the water with multiple countries downright refusing to take any immigrants in . 
  how would you improve the policy ? 
  finally , as you can tell by my flair , i am greek . 
  many , both in the eu parliament and in my country , criticize the handling of the greek economic crisis by the eu . 
  do you believe that is justified ? 
  would you have done anything different ? 
  thank you again for your time !, 
  mmm , i agree proceedings with merit is fine ( terrorism or not is n't relevant ) the problem is that these powers can ( and frequently are ) abused . 
  just see the nsa , for example . 
  let 's hope france slides back into normality after the crisis is over . 
  the threats are the same , just from different sources though . 
  i do n't understand what you are saying here . 
  you close your door to protect yourself and your stuff . 
  the state is doing the same . 
  it 's just that your primary concern is burglars while the state 's primary concern are different kinds of threats . 
  the motivation is the same though . 
  no it would n't . 
  humans do spend extra money on luxury goods but always a much smaller % than they do on basic goods while banking the rest . 
  so if someone is left with 100 dollars , he might spend 50 of em . 
  if someone has 50 dollars left , he wo n't spend all 50 of them regardless , he will save some and thus spend 25 . 
  that 's the same here . 
  the money being spend on the broken window would be instead saved and used for investments or hard times ( sickness , in between jobs etc ), 
  ach , my bad then , thanks for the detailed answer !, 
  was n't the russian czar technically elected king of poland until the 1830 rebellion ? 
  that 's because the greek electorate failed in its duty to understand who is proposing viable solutions and who is a demagogue who just cares about promoting himself . 
  good political systems do n't magically poof into existence . 
  every country that has a stable and responsible democracy today had to struggle for it , it had to resist demagoguery and it paid the price when it failed to do that * cough * germany * cough * . 
  i have stopped excussing my fellow countrymen when they vote for every cunt that promises magical free money from the money tree . 
  now i suddenly really have an urge to become a mod again :\\ ^ ), 
   but we all love our distant cousins anyways !, 
  come on man , this is / r/europe . 
  it 's a safe space here , you can call them what they are : * filthy colonials *, 
  yeah , i would agree with * that * . 
  to deny our large part of responsibility in this is insane . 
  on the other hand , the eu handled the whole thing the worst possible way . 
  aye , still an easy mistake to make when translating as someone who barely knows english . 
  indeed , like f.ex . 
  greek would n't have a `` we '' . 
  they can come to greece instead . 
  god knows we need the money ... 
  republic ? 
  why republic ? 
  i thought you would rightfully install a czar that 's part of the family if your current czar . 
  or do all of putin 's family already have a kingdom ? 
  can we get it instead ? 
  what if we ask really nicely ? 
  fuck the eu and its german hegemony . 
  let 's hope britain and poland , followed by everybody else , leave this dictatorship .
