mass genocide is not a good thing for the country . 
  efficient is the key word here . 
  an honest buffoon is not better than an efficient psychopath . 
  this `` guy i would drink a beer with '' mentality is retarded . 
  politicians are there to run the country , not be your friends . 
  interesting !, 
  thanks for the clarification mate , did n't know that . 
  when did you guys join the eu ? 
  for that matter , when did norway ? 
  to clear up . 
  i believe `` putin exploited this to try to justify his behaviour '' but he needed something to exploit and the ukrainian side gave him plenty to work with . 
  that is my position . 
   yes if i do believe that putin took advantage of a political crisis to fuck up ukraine and you would be 100 % absolutely correct . 
  putin clearly did that . 
  i would never deny that . 
  however , he would n't have a political crisis to take advantage of if maidan had n't acted so awfully against a really sizable minority . 
  ukraine had many revolutions before , some pro-western ones too , yet russia invaded for the first time . 
  it is a combination of russia starting to flex its international muscle again in the typical russian way ( which is why the western media are freaking out ) and also maidan doing fucked up shit . 
  and that is kinda my point . 
  saying  rip to the ukrainian army members . 
  too fucking bad to the other idiots . 
  is moronic . 
  this is n't a war to pick sides on , no more than nazi germany vs ussr was . 
  still , bombing busses is not really excusable . 
  honestly , both sides need a good cooling the fuck down . 
  yeah . 
  still funny that i have a guy who said greece should be re-annexed by the turks because we have `` russian-loving idiots '' . 
  pack it up boys , circlejerk is here !, 
   explain the `` many '' wrongs that the ukraine has done then . 
  i. ... did ... in literally my first reply to you ... what ? 
   i 'm going to ` cheer ' for the side that wants democracy , progress , advancement in the world . 
  no really . 
  you are dull . 
  i am just tired of this circlejerk . 
  i swear there must be people getting paid to feed it . 
  reddit is skeptical of everything but when ukraine gets mentioned , the mainstream western narrative is law ? 
  both sides . 
  as per what i said above . 
  which is conducted by both sides ... 
   sorry , but what rock have you been living under that could possibly make you think that russia is n't a country run by massive cunts ? 
  how dull are you ? 
  russia is not fucking innocent . 
  there is no `` good side '' here . 
  stop being a sheltered middle class kid . 
  ukraine has done many wrongs , so has russia . 
  neither is good . 
  we should `` cheer '' for neither . 
  this is the clearest cut case of proxy war politics since god damn vietnam . 
  why the fuck would you support a side as `` good '' here ? 
  there is no `` good '' here , the world is not black and white . 
  never said this before to anyone but : wake the fuck up . 
  seriously . 
  maybe the ukrainian government should n't have removed russian as the first fucking thing they did with an unelected government . 
  perhaps telling a sizable minority in your nation that belongs to your huge neighbor ( who you just pissed off ) to go fuck themselves when you are on the shakiest of grounds is just a tad provocative . 
  maybe banning a free referendum in crimea was n't a smart idea . 
  could be that telling russia that all their treaties were now null was not entirely proper . 
  but do n't worry guys !, 
  russia is the devil and loves randomly invading stuff . 
  bbc/msnbc/western media who are totes indepentent unlike evil rt told me so !, 
  edit : down voting me and telling me i am a russian loving idiot sure proves these facts wrong . 
  good job guys !, 
  one more victory for ye !, 
  just remember to not raise that head from the sand . 
  half of cyprus is , yes . 
  that it is wrong is kiiiiinda my point . 
  it kind of flew over your head . 
  lessons from the past are important indeed . 
  for example , did you know the jews stabbed germany in the back during ww1 ? 
  nice 19th century propaganda :d, 
  crimea is part of russia though . 
  no matter how much you might scream it was illegal , crimea is part of russia . 
   i do n't care much about beer . 
  heresy . 
  ach , so it is possessive . 
  i thought so but google translator insisted . 
  that was actually my first thought too . 
  i have the love of germany for us written in my flag flair for a long time now :3, 
  but did you expect my supreme map editing ? 
  because i have n't met any significant amount of people from the other baltic states . 
  all the eesti guys i have met were pretty cool , so there . 
   having decent infastructure goes a long way to attracting tourism . 
  that was a general statement . 
  installing public internet , even a weak one , is a step in the right direction and not a waste was what i meant . 
  also , i would n't expect google fiber any time soon quite frankly , so at least i am happy we get something . 
  row row fight the power . 
  this is honestly not as big of a waste as it may seem . 
  tourists make up a lot of the gdp of greece and , yes , not being a backwards shithole and having decent infastructure goes a long way to attracting tourism . 
  it is in zante , right next to navagio ( shipwreck ) . 
  one of the prettiest places in greece , if you ask me . 
  since you want to be an asshole about it : show me a political trial of a leftist party with false evidence ? 
  oh wait , you ca n't because you are a fucking moron and it never happened recently . 
  antarsya is still there and still not charged with anything . 
  edit : also , because you pissed me off . 
   it does de-legitimise democracy but i do n't get why you have to compare it with how much gd de-legitimises democracy ; it 's not a fucking competition . 
  yes it is a fucking competition . 
  if 300 people went out to protest in support of isis ( and i am taking the radical stand here to say that isis are not a good bunch ) but then police show up with machine guns and literally mow them down , who the fuck do you think did the most damage ? 
  this false prosecution being allowed and pursued by the fucking prime minister corrodes the very foundamentals of democracy you idiot . 
   the only reason you mention this is because you 're trying to put gd in a positive light by comparing it to something which is , in your opinion , even worse . 
  which is exactly why i bloody compared golden dawn to the fucking mob in the post above you , yes ? 
  to put them in a positive light ?
