  a saudi arab ca n't marry a 12 year old in greece for a reason . 
  an illegal immigrant has only the rights we give to him . 
  he has not been offered admittance into the country and had 0 inherent rights in it . 
  now , for multiple reasons ( international contracts , because overly large cruelty is bad for business and because we generally like to think ourselves as civilized ) we grant them some basic rights like the right to life and dignity but that is not inherent . 
  actually , to clarify a bit : the right is not a blanket right to free movement . 
  the right is the right to have the societal contract your country adheres to respected by both sides . 
  greece does n't recognize the right of free movement for non-citizens and criminals , though . 
  free movement within the country is within the societal contract , not a basic human right . 
  we only recognize free movement as a human right when it comes to law-abiding citizens of a country within that country . 
  that is why , for example , basically everyone was like `` wtf '' over the belarus thing . 
  that is an absurd statement . 
  human rights and their interpretation differ extremely from country to country and culture to culture . 
  while we , as a western world , agree and enforce some basic ones ( such as the right to life ) does n't mean that sweden has a casus belli to invade italy because she does n't recognize the right to internet access . 
   otherwise , you have a double standard . 
  not really , entrance and exit are 2 different things . 
  my other post clarified this a bit more ( i hope ) . 
  also yes , dey tuk er jerbz , if you want to put it like that . 
  more specifically they devalued low skill labour to such a great amount that it directly harms citizens that the country has an obligation to protect . 
  also , negative effects like violence , fanaticism , ghettos etc but let 's keep this focused on economics for now . 
   do you think that if no immigrants come at all , suddenly there will be enough jobs and everything will be all right ? 
  no , that would be stupid . 
   the economy is stuck right now , because of the way the economic system works . 
  it did n't get stuck because of too many immigrants and it will not get unstuck if you remove the immigrants . 
  agreed . 
   so , the question of immigration is independent from the economic crisis , when you think about it . 
  correct , the economic crisis is due to shitty economic policy , not immigrants . 
  that said and done , we still do n't need immigrants and they are still harmful with the current economic situation . 
  that it is not the immigrants ' fault that the economy is down the drain is * irrelevant * to the fact that they are not needed . 
  because , as a law-abiding citizen of your country , i am entitled to free movement within my country or any other place that would take me . 
  restricting me from doing so would violate my citizenship contract . 
  a foreign alien has no such contract with the country and thus the country has no obligation to allow him to enter or move freely in the country . 
  also , one more economic point , restricting entrance and restricting leaving are 2 different things . 
  no western country had restrictions on people leaving the country as long as someone else would accept then , only shitholes like nk do that . 
  money is less restricted because it is voluntarily leaving , not involuntarily entering a system . 
   moving money or other assets out of a country can only be a net negative for that country , but there are precious few restrictions on it . 
  < insert something about pies growing larger here  just because money is n't invested in greece does n't mean greeks do n't benefit . 
  by that same logic , everyone should only be investing in his part of town , which sounds ridiculous because it is . 
  the world economy is extremely interconnected and by all mainstream capitalist economic theories ( also some non-capitalist ones ) it greatly benefits from it . 
  also , as you said , there are some restrictions for some cases , mainly preventing ( supposedly ) tax evasion ( which is bad ) . 
   a person moving into a country can have both positives and negatives ( more labour =  more production after all ) but it is subject to way more restrictions . 
  it could have , i 100 % agree . 
  i do n't think anyone , for example , can deny that the usa benefitted from immigration ( indians did n't of course , but that is a different subject ) . 
  however , the us at the time had a booming and expanding industry that needed low-wage , unskilled workers to work for it . 
  greece has nothing of the short . 
  in fact we have many young , unemployed greeks that starve and ca n't even compete with a low-wage foreigner who is willing to accept inhumanly long hours and pennies for wages . 
  the arguement here is not that no country ever needs immigrants , it is that the country should be able to curate when she needs them and how many and control those who would ignore that . 
  greece currently does not need low wage workers and it does not need potentially violent , radical and permanent-unemployed youth ill adjusted to the local culture . 
  ( posted on my iphone so forgive and weird spelling ), 
  putin is [ le ] terally hitler . 
  i mean , besides there being laws that do disallow you to randomly throw around your money , money also does n't have a myriad of ill effects on a host country that immigration does . 
  a republic with a queen , that 's a new one . 
  probably should n't commit so many genocides as a nation if you do n't want these annoying little genocides you did thrown in your face . 
  also , displacement does n't mean mass murder . 
  unlike 1929 , the majority of them survived the trip . 
  convenient considering you are the ones colonizing . 
  was n't the same attitude when it [ was the other way around ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide ), 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/constantine_ii_of_greece even after all the crap he passed through ( and the whole of greece ) he still loves the place . 
  see : the queen of england . 
  royalty these days are , essentially , super diplomats and also impartial head of states and status symbols . 
  all 3 are important and good if done well . 
  personally , i fully support restoring the former greek king . 
  he has proved himself a good diplomat and a good statesman . 
  heil putin , eternal leader of our ~ ~ race ~ ~ glorious union . 
   intelligent adults so i s ` posse that excludes you . 
  and i am rather sad that this has come to pass : /, 
  no , i just really , really do n't care enough about your shithole to tolerate the hilarious blatant propaganda attempt you are attempting . 
   one protester said `` it 's important to get the message across to everybody that it 's okay to vote against the system but you must do it intelligently . 
  people must not forget that behind their euroscepticism there 's a xenophobic side to them , made up of fear and rejection of difference . 
  that 's completely absurd in french society . '' `` it is okey to vote against the mainstream unless you do n't vote what we agree with . '', 
  i do n't even like russia , i just dislike spammers like you . 
  also , this is a place for discussion , not propaganda wars . 
  no , you are a spammer . 
  and i am kind of sick seeing 1/3rd of the front page being blatantly anti-russian articles that you posted . 
  dude , stop spamming pro-ukrainian articles every 5 minutes . 
  seriously . 
  http://www.eglimatikotita.gr/2014/05/10_27.html?utm_source=feedburner&amp;utm_medium=feed&amp;utm_campaign=feed%3a+http%2feglimatikotitablogspotcom+ ( % ce % 95 % ce % 93 % ce % 9a % ce % 9b % ce % 97 % ce % 9c % ce % 91 % ce % a4 % ce % 99 % ce % 9a % ce % 9f % ce % a4 % ce % 97 % ce % a4 % ce % 91 ), 
  but then the map would n't look pretty and , as all good paradox players could tell you , pretty borders are the biggest reason behind the majority of political decisions . 
  i suggest also getting alsace-lorraine and a bit of switzerland to make the map a nice , smooth curve . 
  this is much more common than you might think in poorer regions . 
  most poor countries accept dollars as they are , generally , stabler than the local currency . 
  in fact , any high-end transactions are exclussively done in dollars . 
  however , my country is in the eu so there is no point in that . 
  us tourists sometimes do n't get that . 
  this is a bit pendantic at any rate . 
  i am sure the problem here are not university students . 
   and you may find yourself an immigrant at some point in your life . 
  you have no bloody clue what you are talking about , have you ? 
  i do n't feel like subjecting myself to the amounts of retardeese that you can toss out right now , i am just going to answer this :  how would you feel if your country was going to shit and you had to move somewhere else to find a job ? 
   also , it does blame the immigrants and foreign people a lot the fact that the primary blame is on bad politicians does n't mean that the immigrants themselves do n't cause problems . 
  if they did n't , it would n't be an issue in the first place . 
  the reason people should place the blame on the politicians first is not because the immigrants are innocent little angels , it is because politicians had the actual power to do something and failed misserably . 
  if you see blames put on immigrants , they are there for a good reason , regardless of your version of reality . 
   the article describes everything that is not british as disgusting and problematic and blames the politicians for `` siding with the foreigners instead of us '' . 
  if that to you does not entail `` blaming the foreigners '' and it only entails `` blaming the politicians '' , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  perhaps you think that immigrants and foreigners do not even have agency so `` they ca n't be blamed for being uncivilised parasites '' . 
  `` stalin did nothing wrong . 
  long live the proletariat revolution , hang the last burgeois scum from the entrails of the last capitalist pig , long live ussr '' - naurgul hey , i can do completely made up quotes too !, 
   i can ' take this any more . 
  you have no right to talk about people trying to find a better future with terms like this . 
  they 're not a flood or a swarm or anything of the sort .
