  but ... if they are in immediate danger , why do they expect they are able to contact their families back home ? 
  realistically , if they were in immediate danger , a high percentage would die if left . 
  do you have any statistics on that because , to be honest , i find it very hard to believe that the most able person of a family would abbandon it willingly during the most dire of situations . 
  okey , but you also say they expect to bring on their families afterwards . 
  if they can send 1 person and the rest of the family to stay alive back home , that means they were n't in the immediate danger that would qualify them as refugees . 
  i am asking this in good faith . 
  why no ? 
  they obviously can both afford to let their family behind for prolonged periods of time with no harm coming to them and also they are able to contact them afterwards . 
  definitionally , that means they/the family are most likely not in direct danger ... which ... would make them economic refugees . 
  so why no ? 
  let 's see if the rest of europe agrees first . 
  germany is n't the only country in the eu . 
  i am a nd voter and he is right . 
  kke has n't tried any positive change since 1950 . 
  they say no to everything , do n't even pretend they want to negotiate with anyone or that they give half a fuck about democratic procedures unless it affects their wallets ( ironically ) . 
  even the fucking nazis at least strike a deal or two when they agree ( such as with the referendum support ) . 
  i disagree with that . 
  mechanization means retirement is still possible . 
  simply put , in 50 years from now , a single person will easily have the output ( if trends continue like now ) of 2 people so even half the population will be fine . 
  i always disliked that arguement . 
  as far as i am concerned , lower population is a good thing . 
  we do n't need 740 million people . 
  can we get down to 100 million again ? 
  i would be all for that . 
  oh , you might be right . 
  my apologies . 
  still , my point is , greece ( when we finally close our last loopholes ) will probably have one of the highest retirement ages in europe and it will be probably be raised even higher ( rumors say maybe to 70 ) . 
  the official one was high already ( 63 ) . 
  the problem ( as you might know ) was that the majority of people chose early retirement making the official number meaningless to a large extend . 
  the current one is 67 years old for men and 60-67 for women . 
  in germany it is 65 , finland 62, 
  pensions were cut more than half . 
  many many many labour rights got abolished . 
  minimum wage was lowered by far the most in all of the eu . 
  retirement age was raised by a decade and early retirement semi-abolished . 
  consumption taxes went from 12 % to ( last time i checked , probably more now ) 22 % while many less taxed products ( such as food ) got their special status reversed . 
  i am pro austerity but greece has had a ton of it . 
  i sympathize with the latvians , trust me , but saying greece has not suffered immensely is absurd , untrue and unfair . 
  the stress tests are for extreme scenarios like eg greece going bankrupt ... :\\ ^ ) ok , but seriously now . 
  in the unlikely scenario there is a real deal in place , while some merges might possibly happen , it is unlikely . 
  what will probably happen is that the ela will be raised and every single international banking institution out there will go out of their way to say how much they intend to support greece 's banks . 
  this article assumes the same situation as of now even with a bailout which is , frankly , stupid . 
  countries work based on statistics . 
  if a move eg created 100k jobs and removed ( equally paying , equal skills required ) 10k jobs a politician should do that 100 % of the time . 
  the rest of europe understood that when i annexed hungary as russia i was only protecting the russian minority there . 
  it 's good to be the czar . 
  pro-tip : do n't take 4chan too seriously . 
  but honestly , i think many people see critique as attack . 
  i am a filthy no true greek \u2122 because i lived many years outside of greece so many believe when i say something negative about the greek way of doing things , i believe greeks are inferior . 
  but that 's not true . 
  a greek is n't inherently less productive than a german or a japanese . 
  a greek is n't lazier than a german . 
  a greek is n't a cheat . 
  however we do have very low productivity . 
  we do have very high tax evasion . 
  these are very much tied to our culture to a large extend . 
  greeks generally reject paying taxes in full . 
  greeks consider it a * negative * that germans are obsessive about always being on time . 
  i hate cultural relativism and i truly believe cultures can , and should , improve . 
  that includes my culture because * i love my culture * . 
  just to be clear , no culture is perfect either . 
  that one of the leading causes of death in the north is suicide should be an indication of that . 
  the difference is that the turkish governments have vehemontly protested the idea that it was genocide . 
  serbia was slowly , but steadily , accepting that idea . 
  the objection is that this move will be a disservice to the recognition of the genocide , not that serbia should n't . 
  him bringing up the nazi debts is an utterly shit diplomatic move . 
  it alienated most germans and was one of the contributing factors of turning the general german opinion against greece . 
  even in this ultimate hour , tsipras refuses to adhere to basic diplomatic principles . 
  i am doubting he has a fucking brain at this stage . 
  holy shit , did that moron tsipras again say about the nazi debts ? 
  what an absolute arse . 
  thanks man . 
  weird , my stream went offline . 
  just ended , missed half of it . 
  can someone reply to me with/when a full video of it comes ? 
  please ? 
  not really . 
  i am as capitalist as it gets but i am not inherently against unions . 
  my main problems with unions is that they dissolve into either a bloated , corrupt shitshow whose sole existence is to serve the interests of that industry ( eg taxi drivers in france ) or simply become an arm of some political party . 
  proper unionism dealing with industries , protected and regulated by the state ( both the business side and the unions ) would be preferable to a minimum wage in my opinion . 
  our culture defines everything around us and what we experience . 
  a chinese man has extremely different world perception that a greek like me . 
  and who we are , our culture can be both critiqued and celebrated . 
  it can also change and mold . 
  you use an eu flag , that is definitionally nationalistic even if you do n't realize it . 
  who we are is worth defending . 
  if it is n't , nothing is . 
  20th of july is the drop dead moment in regards to the debt . 
  sunday is the ( more artificial ) deadline by the eu . 
  it 's all over because tsipras ca n't bulge any more after that stupid ass voting in the referendum . 
  our culture shapes the very thing we are . 
  if that 's superficial , nothing matters . 
  nationalism , in my opinion , in pride in the culture you have and the nation that bred it and protected it . 
  yeah , nationalism can turn ugly . 
  so can democracy turn to mob rule and robespierre 's reign of terror . 
  if you ( of course , everyone does , nowadays ) reject the idea that democracy inevitably turns to that , i do n't see how you can argue the same about nationalism . 
  it 's not a matter of edgy atheism . 
  intelligent design is pseudoscience . 
  it 's legally as judged in courts . 
  a country that might promote pseudoscience instead of actual science will naturally result in less scientists that can occupy specialized positions in the industry .
