  it 's how they tried to ban music , games and media they did n't like . 
  it is why saying `` fuck '' on tv is censored . 
  fuck that notion with a rake . 
   the right to express any opinions without censorship or restraint . 
  that 's the definition . 
  notice it does n't mention private ? 
  if the uk government passed a law banning all public opposition to government policy that would n't be a violation of the right to free speech according to what you said , which is , i hope , clearly absurd . 
  free speech is one thing only : the right to say and express whatever you want without the government being able to legally persecute you for it . 
  privately , publicly it does n't matter . 
  yes it absolutely is . 
  we can ( and really should ) support firing her for it but it absolutely is her fundamental human right to say that shit . 
  usa does excepting very specific , non-ideological cases , for a major example . 
  it also does n't matter . 
  in the 18th century , almost all countries allowed torture , arbitrary arrest , cruel and unusual punishment and suppression of public meetings . 
  do you think those things are not human rights because they used to not be common ? 
  and sweden democrats too . 
  they are vanilla center right on the european scale . 
  they are not even close to golden dawn . 
  hell , they are probably more leftist than the uk 's conservative party . 
  it 's not the countries that can dictate that . 
  freedom of speech is a fundamental human right , much like the right of life is . 
  a violation of it goes past national boundaries and becomes an international concern , much like torture and other human rights abuses are . 
  there is oil in the disputed area . 
  there is a difference between the expression of ideas , even extremely offensive ones ( like `` kill all white men '' ) and a call for direct action that can result in violence ( like `` kill that guy right here ! '' ), 
  the distinction is pretty prevalent under the us constitution even and for good reasons . 
  historical context is irrelevant when it comes to laws and application . 
  i would take a skinhead hashtaging \\ #killallkikes more seriously than that mophead and her bs , sure , but the law should be the same for both : protection of their right to free speech . 
  they really do n't . 
  these laws are a disgrace . 
  this is a violation of the fundamentals of freedom of speech . 
  the point of freedom of speech is to protect the absurd shit . 
  nobody will flip out if you express a reasonable , centrist opinion . 
  speech society finds reprehensible is the one most needing protection . 
  yes , she is a racist moron but charging her with a crime is wrong . 
  your claims are only recognized by you . 
  by international law it is very much one sided , with you being the aggressor . 
  for gameplay reasons . 
  they were much closer to byzantium/pontiak greeks than mainland germany during the 14th century anyway , despite the language . 
  also he smokes cigars . 
  and has a ` stache that he twists all day . 
  verified info . 
  having a catholic majority ! = serious ramifications for not being one . 
  lithuania has very low religiosity rates and poland , while more religious , is a secular country to the core . 
  eastern nations ? 
  there are no state catholic nations in the east ( maybe phillipines are , but they are by no means a theocracy ) . 
  as far as i know , no nation today has an extreme form of obligatory catholicism . 
  why the hell would i be against that ? 
  i am against immigration and i do have a problem with islam because many muslims would oppose those values . 
  this group is clearly doing good work , however , and i fully hope they succeed . 
  relax your butt mate . 
   by that line of reasoning , you ca n't demand any church reforms that 's correct , you ca n't . 
  unless it is a state religion and ca n't reasonably escape it , you ca n't demand a reform . 
  you can * petition * a reform , you can * argue * for a reform but you ca n't demand one . 
  if the catholic church says no , they absolutely have that right as long as it is n't something illegal and you also have the right to say ` no ' back and leave the church or make a new one that fits your standards . 
  this is n't the 15th century where the catholic church ruled lives . 
  now getting excommunicated or leaving the church means nothing aside from personal convictions . 
  more than a millennia , really . 
  that 's the idea . 
  most houses in greece came to be like `` my grandma died and gave my mother half the family house , same with grandpa , mother left that to me and my brother . 
  me and cousins traded the half between the 2 houses , me and brother have half the house for vacations '' so many houses pass down that way for generations . 
   you live in a country that is very poor . 
  i am not my country , neither are you . 
   maybe in your circles you live and i wo n't say i know more about greece than you but this is absolutely not normal . 
  having a vacation home in greece was very normal and the majority of people did because we had no housing tax . 
  since the tax implementation a few years back , some have sold their houses but many did n't . 
  maybe research something before you go full knowitall ? 
   a greek person has unused property and does ` nt rent the property to anyone ? 
  what does being greek have to do with it ? 
  and no , i do n't rent it and never will . 
  it has been my family 's home for over 500 years . 
  i know germany goes full retard every 50ish years , gets flattened and has to rebuild , but some of us have stuff lasting longer than that . 
   and you think that is normal in greece with 50 % unemployment ? 
  sure . 
  many people who still have a decent-ish salary have kept their vacation homes . 
  less than before , but still common . 
   and even then it 's not empty so it wo n't be taken from you it 's currently empty . 
  i am not there and have n't been for close to a year now . 
  i have a gardener go there once a month and that 's it . 
  it wo n't be taken from me because greeks give half a fuck for property rights . 
   well wich normal person has unused property ? 
  i do . 
  i keep my family 's house in the village tidy . 
  many people have a vacation property . 
  it is still ours . 
   creating an oligopoly of the few big companies that can afford to do gm research will not increase competition . 
  sure it does . 
  it increases competition because the usual food sources will become available if the monopoly acts like a monopoly . 
  or , as i said above :  if they raise prices through the roof , non-gmo products will be competitive again so that will also not be a problem . 
  as long as gmo companies keep the prices lower than the current ones , they should be fine . 
  as long as they do that , the consumer wins . 
  i honestly do n't see the problem . 
   if the competition is sufficiently marginalized they can get away with prices that are substantially higher than necessary , higher than the current ones even that 's a baseless claim , in my opinion . 
  the price baseline is the current , non-gmo pricing . 
  if they rise above it , current pricing will be able to compete with them so it will no longer be a oligopoly . 
  the reason they will potentially be an oligopoly is * exactly * because they can have such competitive prices . 
  honestly , it 's kind of like worrying walmart will raise its prices . 
  walmart has a thousand problems , prices is not one of them because it 's the way walmart makes a profit . 
   when a new competitor tries to start up , they temporarily lower prices to strangle it in the cradle , and then their prices go up again . 
  not to mention the risk of formal or informal cartels and price gouging if only a few big players control the market . 
  that only works for very niche products , which food is not .
