  he actually was an officer and died in ww1 . 
  i honestly believe the 2nd balkan war originated by the greek capture of thessaloniki . 
  i am still not sure how on earth bulgaria thought it could possibly win that 3 way war though . 
  no , however there are some cases when kids do something so extreme ( like , saying , first degree assault and robbery ) that a very good case of [ gross negligence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gross_negligence ) could , and should , be established . 
  i believed the same , by the way , for the parents of those girls who fled austria to join isis . 
  ah , yes , the good ol' `` do n't like something completely unrelated to race ? 
  you are a racist ! '', 
  trick to make sure dissent is quelled effectively !, 
  while i lived in greece , i met many gypsies living in the gypsy lifestyle . 
  i literally never had a single good interaction with them . 
  on the other hand , i have also met many folks of gypsy descent who are upstanding people . 
  if you asked them if they identified with that culture , they would seriously get offended . 
  it is not a race issue . 
  nobody gives a fuck about race in that respect ( they do in others , but that is a different talk ) . 
  gypsy is a culture and no , you are n't part of that culture . 
  that culture is backwards , scummy and , quite frankly , rotten to the core . 
  i see no reason why the parents should n't be punished for that ? 
  oh sorry , where is someone in this thread that excuses the behavior of the cops ? 
  yes , i am not objecting that the abuse was obviously wrong . 
  what i am objecting to is ridiculous bullshit statements about these being `` just children '' . 
  they are thugs . 
   you understand these are children right ? 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  yes , the police was obviously in the wrong . 
  no , we should not give these thugs a pass because of that . 
  they should be in juvenile facilities . 
  you do understand that the gypsies did beat up a very old woman and did attempt to rob a supermarket , right ? 
  `` din dun nufin '' - europe edition, 
  dress for the empire you want to be , not the empire you are . 
  statistics and numbers obviously mean nothing the moment they do n't support my mulicultist ideology . 
  what debts ? 
  why not `` the empire of mankind '' ? 
  lol learn what `` subset '' means . 
  i do n't have time to explain to you simple grammatical structures . 
  do you differentiate between alcohol , wine and grape-based alcholic beverages ? 
  no one was found . 
  but the building burned up during a protest turned violent by anarchists and it was burned by a molotov . 
  who do you think might have caused that ? 
  space wizards ? 
  well , unless you are unemployed , you will probably see a surge in the economy and an increase in ppp as wages adjust to the devaluation . 
  aside from importing certain stuff , that is actually a huge positive for europe in general . 
  it means that our products suddenly become more competitive compared to us products when trading with outside countries . 
  basically , this is good news . 
  you are willfully conflating two different issues : 1 ) the anarchists did kill those people by burning up the building . 
  the building did n't set itself on fire . 
  the anarchists set it on fire and those subhuman murdering scum can go fuck themselves . 
  2 ) the building did n't have enough fire prevention which is why the owners were ( rightfully ) indicted for ( if i recall ) involuntary manslaughter . 
  the reason people still ( rightfully ) remember the anarchists killing these people is because it was the proactive action . 
  without those morons setting the `` hurdur capitalism system man '' on fire those people and pregnant woman would still be alive . 
  so it is anecdotal that these statements started being said after syriza made a fuss about it ? 
  find me similar statements by greek mps 1 year ago when nd was in power . 
  syriza * undeniably * set the stage for this crap and if you are offended by it , you should blame syriza ( and the moron who said it ) . 
  i actually did and my point stands perfectly valid . 
  syriza caused these statements to be said . 
  syriza has been using polemic language for a long fucking time and has repeatedly asked for reparations for ww2 . 
  if syriza did n't press the issue for no reason , idiots like him would n't say such rot . 
  gee , i sure was wrong when i told ya 'll idiots that syriza is a far fucking left crazy party and was downvoted to oblivion multiple times . 
  greeks are not crazy and lazy . 
  far leftists are , like usual . 
  now can reddit finally stop cheering at every populist fuck that promises the sky and will obviously deliver shit ? 
  apologies , but from my understanding on estonian history , many older folks actively fought against the soviet regime . 
  am i wrong in that account ? 
  \\  not even ryukyu pls, 
  it is even popular in fucking greece . 
  pls stahp turkey . 
  sure thing , go ahead : ------ d, 
  down here in milgaard we turn children into vikings . 
   and you wont get deported . 
  yes you will !, 
  that 's exactly my problem with doublin ii . 
  you wo n't get deported back to your country ( because people simply ca n't figure where you are from ) but you do get deported back to the country of entrance in the eu . 
  basically , that mostly means spain/greece/italy ( and sometimes france ) . 
  that 's what frontex does in case you did n't know . 
  they are essentially stamping immigrants by * point of entry * , not country of origin . 
  so these people wo n't go back to syria , but they will ( and very frequently do ) end up in greece . 
  yes , i am aware that you officially accept more immigrants . 
  that is * not * the same as having more though . 
  the problem with border countries is illegal immigration which ca n't be counted properly ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  now , even if you did have more per capita more immigrants , the difference would still be a problem due to the simple fact that you get to choose who to accept to some extend . 
  illegal immigration brings all kinds of scum to the countries ( islamist sympathizers , former criminals etc. 
  there was a story about a jail in libya that was taken by rebels and all the prisoners were , basically , told to go to europe or die ) . 
  so it is n't a simple numbers problem . 
  basically , the border countries get thrown back any immigrants the other countries do n't want !, 
  that is an absurd notion if you think about it . 
  no , but you can make sure the other guy understands that if we get fucked over , he wo n't enjoy the consequences . 
  doublin ii is part of the eu set of agreements . 
  it is seriously fucking the border countries and , quite frankly , the most unfair agreement in the eu i can think of . 
  you can only leave schengen , not get kicked out . 
  how do you people even comes to these ridiculous conclusions ? 
  gib constantinople pls or i report u, 
  these people fought hard and long to give you guys the opportunity to bitch about their fashion sense . 
  i mean , come on , some respect man . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  i think aggressive renegotiation to some extend was necessary . 
  i also think syriza completely overplayed its hand and fucked up , plain and simple . 
  i guess i should n't be mad because i personally voted nd ( the conservative party ) so i support the program . 
  i just hoped that after the dust settled and all the drum beating ... they would , you know , do something else . 
   until either more reasonable people head the troika i personally disagree with some troika policies ( especially when it comes to taxation ) but what they ask is far from unreasonable . 
  syriza is implementing the same program nd does , only now people have far less trust in the greek government ( if that 's even possible ) . 
  the current fn is far from neo-nazis though .
