  since the attacks , mr davutoglu has doubled down . 
  `` we can not excuse any nato ally , including the us , of having links with a terrorist organisation that strikes us in the heart of turkey , '' he said on thursday . 
  the same day , his ministry of foreign affairs summoned the ambassadors of the five permanent members of the un security council . 
  turkish warnings appear to be falling on deaf ears . 
  late on thursday john kirby , a spokesman for the state department , suggested that ankara had yet to provide conclusive proof of the ypg 's involvement in the attack . 
  he also ruled out ending american backing for the group . 
  `` i think i 've said that they 've been some of the most effective fighters against daesh [ is ] , and they have been supported by the air from the coalition , '' he said . 
  `` and going forward , i would expect that that sort of support ... would continue . '' the two nato allies will probably find a way out of the dispute . 
  but the far deeper row between turkey and russia has now reached uncharted waters . 
  having traded threats since late november , when turkey shot down a russian jet that had briefly entered its airspace after a bombing run in syria , the two sides are now embroiled in a proxy war . 
  in past couple of weeks russia has effectively provided the ypg with air cover , paving the way for the group 's advance against ankara-backed rebel forces north of aleppo . 
  the turks have responded by raining artillery fire on the ypg for several days in a row , hinting at a possible ground operation and allowing as many as 2,000 rebels to cross into syria to check the kurdish offensive . 
  on february 19th mr davutoglu stopped just short of accusing moscow of engineering the bombing in ankara . 
  `` i would like to warn russia , which is giving air support to the ypg in its advance on azaz [ a key rebel stronghold ] , not to use this terrorist group against the innocent people of syria and turkey , '' he said . 
  meanwhile , the ypg has started to leverage its budding relationship with the russians . 
  in an interview , the head of the newly opened syrian-kurdish representation to moscow , rodi osman , warned that any turkish incursion into syria would result in a `` great war '' with his hosts . 
  `` russia will respond if there is an invasion , '' he said . 
  `` this is n't only about the kurds , they will defend the territorial sovereignty of syria . '' for that reason alone , a unilateral turkish offensive in northern syria has hitherto seemed highly unlikely . 
  whoever staged the ankara bombing hopes to have made it less so . 
  `` for an actor , or a group of actors , who want to draw turkey into syria , '' says mr gurcan , `` this was the perfect attack . '', 
  okey bruv, 
  init . 
  i find strange that people are surprised that the socialist left supports censorship . 
  they always did and always will . 
  the political movement that generally was always anti-censorship would be liberals ( in the classical sense of the word ) that generally demanded lower government interference . 
  it is unsurpising that the most pro-free speech laws generally comes from countries that traditionally had governments heavily influenced by liberal ideas , such as in the us or the uk before the 60s . 
  but was n't that after turkey had announced/moved in areas in syria , some of which were controlled by pkk/ypg ? 
  unless i am getting my timing wrong ( and that could be the case , in which instance , i sincerely apologize ) that does seem like being the initial aggressor . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fire_ship#use_in_the_greek_war_of_independence ) is a good example . 
  greeks would try and set fire/destroy turkish heavy ships by driving close small vessels with a lot of flamable stuff and gunpowder , setting fire to it then jumping into the water . 
  it was done in the name of an independent greek state which at the time , much like kurdistan today , did n't exist even though an active rebellion was taking place . 
  much like those acts , i do n't think this one qualifies as terrorism . 
  i think it is fair to state , however , that the decade-long truce pkk and the turkish government had up until recently was broken mostly due to actions of the turkish government . 
  it 's a god damn shame so many people had to die because erdogan wanted to steal a few votes from hdp . 
  i am quite old ( for reddit ) and i lived through the high point of the pkk . 
   dude you 're probably too young to remember when pkk was targeting babies in civilian villages . 
  they would put them in order in the middle of village to force villagers feed their militia or kidnap their youngsters to train them in the mountains . 
  that 's bullshit propaganda . 
  pkk is not a good organization and has done some fucked up shit but what you are saying here is laughable . 
   pkk is a widely recognized terrorist organization . 
  because they have , multiple times , conducted terrorism targeting civilians . 
  i am not denying that . 
  rather , i am saying in this specific case , the attack should not be considered terrorism . 
  honestly , the genocide of the tutsis just reinforces my point . 
  nobody would care if the exact same genocide happened in the 1800s . 
  it would just be a `` natives war '' . 
  the only reason we care is because the world , in general , has right now decided that ethnic based genocide is unacceptable . 
  so the only reason you even bring up this example is because there exists the popular support . 
  which is my point . 
   it does though , pkk is not considered to be a state and therefore any act of violence from them is terrorism , not war . 
  i disagree with that . 
  if that was the case , a shitton of people who we do not consider terrorists would be terrorists . 
  resistance against the nazis in ww2 ? 
  terrorism . 
  revolutionaries in france ? 
  terrorists . 
  most independence movements in europe ( like the greek independence movement ) ? 
  terrorists . 
  if we accept all these people are terrorists , the only thing it would do would be that `` terrorism '' would no longer be a negative term but a neutral one that can have negative or positive ( or well . . neutral ) connotations depending on the situation . 
  i personally prefer to define terrorism as violence whose purpose is to intimidate populations or organizations and that primarily targets civilian targets and infrastructure . 
  under my definition ( which i do n't think is outrageous ) this attack would not be a terrorist one but simply an attack under the general context of the war in kurdistan . 
  however , as you correctly pointed out , that does not mean pkk is not a terrorist organization . 
  pkk has , in the past , targeted civilians specifically and thus those attacks were clearly terrorist in nature . 
  just to make that clear . 
  regardless of politics , turkey has conscription . 
  i have been a conscript myself and can attest that many do n't agree with the government even while they do their duty . 
  this is a tragedy whichever way you look at it . 
  oh yes , pastitsio is godly . 
  it 's weird because many foreigners have never eaten real authentic greek food outside of souvlaki/pita gyro and i think we have some really good stuff . 
  human rights are meaningless without popular support . 
  a ) my absolute and sincere condolences to the families of the dead and to the turkish people in general . 
  b ) after reading comments here and doing further research , it seems they specifically targeted military personnel and there are no civilian casualties . 
  turkey is in a war they declared against an organized , heavily armed and motivated entity . 
  as far as i am concerned , this act is part of the war and not terrorism . 
  just because pkk does n't have a flag does n't make it automatically terrorism , especially considering civilians were not targeted . 
  my hope is that erdogan gets voted out and the kurds either get their state or at least a deal similar to the good friday agreement so such senseless killing stops . 
  deadpol and the chamber of secrets . 
  maybe so . 
  next week , before the new thread , we will discuss on whether to end in a good ol' revolutionary war or start a new session . 
  quoting the op :  on 13th of february at 7 pm gmt we continue our eu4 campaign from last week . 
  the game , like last time , will last 5 hours  so it 's in 17 hours from now !, 
  big fan of your series . 
  if you want , you are absolutely welcome into our games . 
  record and everything  it is year 16something right now . 
  correct unfortunately . 
  we signed our debt under english common law that does n't recognize bankruptcy and when we swapped the old debt , the new one also strangely was under common law by complete coincidence . 
  as others have said , do n't imagine an average greek/bulgarian . 
  imagine a greek/bulgarian hobo who has n't washed for 6 months . 
  that 's what they look like because they were guerrillas . 
  i mean , i look pretty tidy but if i could n't shave for months , i would have hair everywhere and a unibrow . 
  nobody could recognize me . 
  wait , people say macedonia was illyric ? 
  that 's ... really dumb and not supported by any kind of evidence . 
  let me redirect you to [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/45dhmg/so_i_was_searching_for_george_orwell/czx63fn ) comment . 
  discussion has been updated a bit . 
  right , if that is indeed wrong ( as it seems to be . 
  i did some further research ) i apologize and happily concede the point . 
  the fact absolutely remains that some heavy offenders have used the law ( including pedophiles ) but it is not the majority ( or even a big minority , it seems ) . 
   the juxtaposition of your points is a bit strange also : the government is a big bad censor , and the point of its censorship is ... to protect pedophiles ? 
  i need to make my points a bit clearer because too much has been said and it kind of obfuscates what i wanted to say originally : 1 ) this law is censorship by nature 2 ) this specific censorship is bad because it can be used ( and has been used ) to censor otherwise non-illegal and non-extreme material 3 ) i do n't believe in a `` right to be forgotten '' 4 ) i think this law constitutes government overeach 5 ) 1984 was , in part , a warning about government overeach and censorship .
