  * state discrimination is not the same as private discrimination * do i have to repeat this 100 times over until it is clear ? 
  jim crow laws and the apartheid were super bad because it was ** the state doing it which is different from individuals doing it since you ca n't opt out of the state ** . 
  you can choose a different hair salon if they do n't serve people with burqas . 
  you can go to a different burger store if this one 's owner does n't like gay people . 
  you have a choice in private businesses . 
  you do n't have a choice in the state . 
  i would n't give a fuck . 
  especially in the modern world , there are so many options , that it is ridiculous to suggest this would be anything more than a minor inconvenience . 
   norway has anti-discrimination laws , as do most western countries , and religion is a protected category under such laws . 
  and that 's wrong . 
  that 's kinda what we are discussion here , such laws . 
  i disagree with them and think no state should have such laws . 
  if i say `` a state has no right to ban religious conversion '' and you state , correctly , that sa prohibits converting from islam under the penalty of death , that does n't invalidate my point in any way . 
   the controversy with orthodox jews has pretty much nothing to do with their garb and everything to do with their beliefs and practices ( morality policing , refusing to work , etc ) . 
  ditto with islam/muslims . 
  nobody kicks a fuss about kippas and sikh turbans . 
  so let me state that : i have a problem with kippas , sikh turbans and that thing that looks like a nijab christians used to wear 100 years ago . 
  i do n't think they should be banned , naturally , but i highly discourage people from wearing such garbs on a personal level and want to encourage such an attitude on a societal level . 
  is that satisfyingly inclusive in your opinion ? 
   ultimately it 's a philosophical difference , but i do n't see anti-discrimination laws as anymore a loss of freedom than , say , seatbelt or speeding laws . 
  both speeding laws and seatbelts have a thing in common : they affect other people than you . 
  if you speed , you will create accidents . 
  if you do n't wear your seatbelts and get in an accident , you will be propelled from your sit and crash into the guy in front of you , killing them . 
  that 's not the same as `` anti-discrimination laws '' that affect private businesses . 
  -- as a side-note . 
  i do think discrimination is bad . 
  some more than others , but all inherently bad . 
  i want to reduce certain behaviours ( like overt religious expression ) but i believe that should be done through education , not societal exclusion . 
  but anti-discrimination laws are bad and only drive people to resentment against the protected group . 
   you mix up freedom of thought and freedom of expression . 
  freedom of thought means that i ca n't punish you for any kind of idea , no matter how stupid or racist they are . 
  i am not confusing it in any way . 
  freedom of thought is what gives birth to freedom of religion . 
  they are one and the same . 
   what i can do is limit your expression . 
  do n't worry , most people get that wrong . 
  the freedom of expression has other limits than the freedom of thought i , in no way , see how any of this is relevant in any way . 
   so , freedom of religion has a greater protection as the freedom of expression . 
  whereas you can deny service due to the freedom of expression , you ca n't deny service against the freedom of religion . 
  freedom of religion only applies to the government . 
  a private hair saloon is not the government . 
  a private individual does n't violate anyone 's freedom of anything if they do n't serve them . 
  a person can still be muslim if s/he does n't get a hair cut . 
   yes , the company was not state owned , but that does not free them from respecting the rights of these people . 
  actually , that 's exactly what it does . 
  they have the right to not serve anyone . 
  as someone else pointed in this thread , freedom does not mean being able to do whatever you want . 
  freedom means being able to not do whatever you want . 
  sometimes we trade in some freedom for some benefits ( like for example , conscription ) but that does n't mean that forcing businesses to serve clients is a good thing . 
   companies , even hairdresser , have a greater position in society than normal humans and therefor a heavier burden to carry for the public society but that 's not true . 
  all people have a single burden in regards to the government : obey its laws . 
  meaning obey the health and safety laws where it applies , pay its taxes and so on . 
  it does n't matter if it is in your house , your hair salon or your multi-billion dollar conglomerate . 
  businesses are exactly the same as people as far as government regulation is ( and should be ) concerned . 
  edit : toned down a bit some of the wording . 
  i do n't want you to think i am personally attacking you . 
  this is purely a debate . 
  i am just a bit coffee-less at the moment and i might come off a bit brass . 
   freedom of religion is a central right in , like , every single western constitution . 
  agreed . 
  but private individuals can not violate your freedom of religion unless they actively harm you because of your religion . 
  freedom of religion is only freedom from state 's interference . 
  a private hair saloon is not the state . 
   what do you say about whites who convert and wear hijab ? 
  is it only about integration when it 's non-whites ? 
  i think europeans , americans , chinese , arabs , mongolians and australians who wear the hijab are disgraceful and specifically remove themselves from society while they demand they participate in it , yes . 
  by the way , i am mentioning hijab here but same goes for other things . 
  west has ( thankfully ) abolished almost all of these but , for another example , would be orthodox jews and their garb . 
  orthodox jews , of course , are far less of an issue as they tend to be a model minority otherwise . 
  but the controversy is a very real one , especially in israel . 
   there was a time when private businesses were allowed to openly discriminate ; it was so terrible for minorities that it led to us deciding as a society that such `` freedom '' is n't worth the social cost ( and cost to some segments of society 's ability to function and live as equal citizens ) . 
  i disagree . 
  i think private businesses should absolutely have that right . 
  as should citizens have the right to boycott them if they do n't like such practices . 
  dude , are we reading the same thing ? 
   ** has the right to freedom of thought ** by that very thing you literally just quoted , political beliefs are right up there with religion . 
  so either both are not okey or both are . 
  ----- not to mention that this is also entirely * irrelevant * to this conversation . 
  no one is denying that person 's religious freedoms when they deny a haircut . 
  they simply state they disagree with their religion and deny them a haircut . 
  haircuts are * not * connected to religious freedom in any way . 
  the bussiness was * not * state owned and thus the state did , in no way , infringe on that person 's religious freedom which is what that document references . 
  you know how freedom of speech is a good thing but it does n't apply to private bussinesses and reddit can still ban you despite there being freedom of speech in the government ? 
  same thing with religion . 
   source please , were do we have laws that specifically target islam . 
  these would be actually unconstitutional , at least in europe due to the ecmr . 
  that 's what i said . 
  re-read what i wrote . 
  i said no western nation has such laws ( as they would indeed infridge on religious freedom ) . 
   do you know people wearing hijab ? 
  well , i do , one of my friends from university wears them , she studied with me corporation-law as well as international investment-law and she is perfectly intigrated . 
  we met each other also outside of the university and i actually thought about asking her out on a date before i got to know that she just married a couple of weeks before we met the first time . 
  you ca n't say that , just by wearing that , she denies our traditions , because that is actually the generalization that these laws try to counteract . 
  yes , i can . 
  in fact , let me repeat it : ** wearing a hijab is a brazen , absolute and utter rejection of western culture , traditions and shows a complete unwillingness to integrate ** just because `` your friend '' wears one does n't make it okey . 
  a hijab is a symbol of oppression of women and is being consistently used to oppress women , including in the west . 
  the hijab is not a religious garb but a cultural arabian garb that has been impossed as part of the islamist rise in the 60s . 
  the hijab is a declaration that you do not wish to integrate in society by pointing yourself out and directly stating that your primary trait is your religion in a country where secularism is the law . 
  your friend and you should be ashamed for promoting such garb . 
  it 's utterly disgraceful .
