  equally worthless trash . 
  they are also completely unrelated ethnically to the roma . 
  yes , but homeless people in the us are n't a big group that heads huge prostitution , extortion , proffesional begging , thieving and scamming rackets . 
  your comment is giving me a headache . 
  magic fairy dust , judging by how informed peta people are . 
  if we start stripping nations based on international violations , half the world 's countries ( and most of europe , certainly the us ) would not be allowed to host . 
  or or we should n't use a football tourney as a political proxy because that is fucking retarded !, 
  theskynet , bullshit drama aside , i am curious how you pick moderators out of the apps ? 
  is it contribution to the community ? 
  modding experience ? 
  how agreeable he is ? 
  because , honestly , the mod team seems ... weird . 
  dr never contributed ( afaik ) but mods a lot . 
  the french mate is one of the best posters but does n't really have many modding spots . 
  that serbian guy has neither but apparently he was cool to talk with ( not disputting ) . 
  one way i think you can make things better is to `` standardize '' requirements for mods and make the process a bit more transparent . 
  that would ease the drama i feel . 
  i think that 's fair . 
  although with such things , i always advice erring on the side of caution . 
  while censorship does happen in all subs occasionally , i am fairly happy with the mod team here . 
  you guys are fairly neutral and not too heavy handed . 
  props for that . 
  the most sparsely populated country in europe is norway . 
  which i guess goes miles to explain why norway is literally hell on earth , eh ? 
  [ the result when you get outnumbered in your own country is always the same . 
  does n't matter the source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lebanese_civil_war ), 
  ccc or something . 
  they are googling it because of the soap operas ; _ ;, 
  please . 
  conquer us again , enslave our young and collect head taxes . 
  massacre villages , force convert . 
  do what you like . 
  just ... take those damn soap operas back , please . 
  i swear , thank god nobody can read ours because shit 's just embarrassing . 
  something tells me they were n't googling certain historical figures because they got interested in history ... sigh . 
  yeah , i could carry 4 cartridges top , only containing about 80 bullets when i was in the army ( conscription ) . 
  ca n't really testify about accuracy . 
  i know how to fire a weapon , but i usually did it with high quality rifles at home . 
  ca n't really compare those to a standard issue rifle weapon . 
  i think the biggest problem is the old and heavy part . 
  when i got assigned my gun , i had to spend 2 days cleaning the damn thing off the rust . 
  i have never seen such a rusty weapon before . 
  it had rust mixed with old gunpowder and dirt . 
  i swear , if i fired with that thing , it was a 50/50 to explode in my face . 
  it also weighed about twice as much as a similarly powerful modern weapon . 
  it is made by solid metal , so i guess that is to be expected , but it is still extremely cumbersome . 
  it does n't . 
  that is my point . 
  the trick is to not get replaced . 
  the reason we have a problem with turks is because they tried to replace us and our culture . 
  that is the reason the latvians got a problem with russians too . 
  russians are n't more inherently evil than turks or immigrants . 
  just geopolitics make them more of a threat to latvia currently . 
  better dead than read 2.0 still as stupid , really . 
  in either scenario , you or your descendants do n't exist though . 
  might as well worry if russia takes over zanzibar . 
   we desperately do n't want to be replaced by russians  let 's get replaced by someone else if you gon na get replaced , you will get replaced . 
  if you accept that fate , why not russians ? 
  what difference does it make ? 
  hey , i remember you !, 
  you were that expat american who wanted to teach greek villagers about `` carnism '' . 
  always wanted to ask , how did that go ? 
  :3 edit :  and have fun sucking more german and eu cock !, 
  let me know how it tastes . 
  welp , he did n't take that well . 
  oh well , at least he gave this world [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/greece/comments/2m4t9m/is_it_difficult_being_vegan_in_greece/ ) incredible thread !, 
  there are half a dozen alexandrias but the name is still good . 
  good point though . 
  can you guys fuck off to / r/politics ? 
  poland/somalia/singapore / pakistan is n't pro republican or democrat . 
  it does n't give a fuck . 
  i am not sure why this is so bloody hard to comprehend . 
  vodka ? 
  no , not really . 
  the previous governments did n't threaten . 
  it was a matter if ability , not will . 
  this government does threaten though . 
   i ohhhh , this is a new one . 
  infrared ? 
  that are not catholic or christian . 
  i am actually surprised the catholic church is n't evangelizing those . 
  they are deeply religious and not very literate . 
  they could be relatively easy converts . 
  you are looking at the issue ( and what i am saying ) wrong . 
  i never said you should n't be able to call out people ( hell , i did that to you 2 posts ago ) . 
  what i said is that you should n't return someone 's argument with an ad hominem . 
  if you believe the argument to be false , then you should be able to refute it . 
  if you believe the argument to be so absurd it is self-refutable then you ignore it ( eg flat earthers for a simple example ) . 
  now , after you are done with the argument feel free to call out the reason you think they say what they say ( hopefully with evidence ) is in bad faith . 
  that 's the difference between discussion/a proper argument and useless yelling at each other . 
  we are n't here to police each other 's thoughts but to discuss . 
  using a bot as an argument goes contrary to that . 
  ok , sure . 
  if you feel someone is unworthy of a reply , do n't reply to him . 
  i am 100 % ok with that . 
  but if you are going to reply to him and he does have an arguement , address his arguement . 
  that 's basic etiquette . 
  again , if you feel that his arguements are so absurd/otherworldly or that he is being completely dishonest , do n't answer to him . 
  nobody will ever accuse you of silence . 
  but here you just come off as a jerk .
