  not an impressive * turkish * city . 
  turks were all nomads in central asia 5000 years ago ( if there even existed a concept of a `` turkic tribe '' by then ) . 
  let me drown in all that 35 % support . 
  it almost is n't universal disfavour !, 
  to be frank , belgium looks like it wo n't last another 10 years the past 200 years . 
  john oliver needs to do a `` belgium : how is that still a thing '' segment methinks . 
   are you trolling ? 
  why are you being aggressive ? 
   it does n't matter where the money physically is yes it does matter , actually . 
   it matters who has responsibility . 
  yes it also does , but it is unrelated to the first matter , so not sure why that is on the same sentence . 
   people who break the law have to see consequences of their actions and not just call their uncle in the finance ministry to get out of it . 
  and that is nice and all in theory but my comment 's point was n't about the morality of tax evasion but the practicality of combating it . 
  to put in layman 's terms : the money might as well be in narnia as far as tax collection is concerned . 
  fun fact : all the money of tax evaders is way outside of greece the past 3 years . 
  i work in the bank sector and , let me tell you , unless someone is completely moronic , it is impossible they will find anyone in the wrong for more than champ change . 
  any large amount of cash is no longer stored in greece but frozen in foreign accounts ( if they owners are even still in greece ) . 
  the only ones the operation will get are people rich enough to have tax evadable income serious enough to bring the government on them but not rich enough to get their money the hell out , like everyone else has already . 
  if that demographic even exists , which i doubt , it is minuscule . 
  did he get triggered by the croatian patriarchy or something ? 
  he also almost , to the day , predicted the fall of the german empire in his deathbed . 
   if this subreddit would really subscribe itself to foster integration , it should consider removing national flairs . 
  why on earth would the subreddit have , as a goal , to foster integration ? 
  i basically officially dislike the eu nowadays ( see flair ) but i still enjoy talking about issues pertaining europe as a whole . 
  you are trying to assign a goal to the subreddit that it simply does n't have . 
  that people misuse the term does n't mean the term is meaningless , just their specific use . 
  similarly , when actual sjw try , for example , to redefine racist to mean `` people who are white '' does n't mean racist no longer has a meaning , just that the way they use it does n't . 
  that is my view at least . 
  i think i have heard my granny use that one ... like , 3 years back . 
  agreed . 
  let 's not make sjw a meaningless term folks . 
  not pointless , but certainly really overused . 
  i would n't call the mod an sjw based on those rules but the rules do seem extremely heavy-handed and view pushing . 
  or maybe i browse tia too much where the word `` sjw '' has a full meaning still . 
  patata is also that in greek . 
  considering potatoes are a new world veggie , it is n't weird that most countries share the name of one of the colonial nations . 
  you are silly . 
  did you read that post ? 
  it calls religious practices worse than pedophilia . 
  it says all religious centers should be forcibly closed and the priests shot . 
  did / r/atheism fedora army invade the thread or are you folks completely out of your mind ? 
  this whole post is so rediculus , it almost becomes funny . 
  who upvotes this crap ? 
  yes , in fact , i have already done so and i am currently in canada . 
  yeah , we must shelter our boys to become become fat , mindless , protected and easy pickings !, 
  i shot my first gun at 6 . 
  it was fucking fun . 
  if it is done with the proper safety ( i essentially pulled the trigger , my father was holding the hand tight and leading the gun ) it is both informative and good for the child . 
  anti-gun attitudes comes from a place of hilarious ignorance . 
  i actually kind of like the turks . 
  we are too similar culturally to dislike them in any capacity other than ignorance . 
  that is personally , though . 
  politically , turkey and greece , simply put , do not have many common grounds and we have constant friction due to that ( way more so that 100 year old wars ) . 
  so while i do n't dislike the turks , i do n't think greece and turkey can become `` friends '' under this political grounds nor would it benefit us to be so . 
  also , as i have said somewhere else : pls gib cosntantionple pls, 
  i am actually one of those people !, 
  ok , not tax evader , actually . 
  i am one of those people with foreign bank accounts and loads ( in fact , almost all ) money outside of greece . 
  the problem is that i am no longer a greece resident but i still have property in greece ( for which i pay my taxes in full ) and a small amount of safe money in greece ( which i also pay taxes on ) . 
  considering how much of a clusterfuck the current system is , i kind of expect a letter asking me to explain my finances . 
  unfortunately , countries are n't good at communicating with each other in regards to tax purposes . 
  hum . 
  in the exact same category of toxic users . 
  also notice it is n't his views i mainly dislike . 
  i mainly dislike his attitude , which is beyond terrible . 
  i am a conservative and a right winger . 
  that said , i was quite disappointed with sarkozy 's performance . 
  he failed to address serious social issues , the economy of france went down the toilet and he had a high level of corruption . 
  he was n't destructive , like hollande , but he was severely underwhelming . 
  best of luck to france . 
  hope you chaps fair better than us . 
  is n't democracy wonderful ? 
  you got plenty of choice between hollande , sarkozy and le pen ( is mightier than le sword ) . 
  i think the best news here is the socialist party 's collapse . 
  a well deserved fuck you , really . 
   most of the times he is quite knowledgeable i would dispute that . 
   and provides sources though which either are completely unreliable , opinion pieces ( which are fine for discussion but not to base an argument upon ) or he just completely twists the contents of them . 
   and your comment is quite toxic itself . 
  i am sick and tired of him , but you are right , this comment thread is n't helping anything . 
  this is my last response . 
  i do n't dislike people based on views ... at least i try not to . 
  one of my best friends is a gall with whom i have n't agreed on a single major political issue the past ~ 2 years that we know each other . 
  what i do dislike is bad faith people who simply do n't care about anyone but themselves . 
  you could be promoting the `` hugging kittens society '' and if you acted like an absolute cunt , i would still tell you to fuck off . 
  naurgul believes he is `` persecuted '' by right wingers when , in fact , people are just telling him he is insufferable . 
  i ca n't talk for other greek users , but my opinion of him is not very positive , to say the least . 
  he openly believes that dialogue and discussion is useless and anyone who disagrees with him is an `` enemy '' he either has to convert or to expel . 
  he is n't here to promote discussion in the subreddit but to push his agenda . 
  his agenda which , i personally believe , is a horrendous pile of crap . 
  basically , he is the premium example of a toxic reddit user . 
  balkan simulator best simulator . 
  what are you t. ...  naurgul oh , yeah , never mind . 
  did you just equate ukip to gd ? 
  because lol . 
  yes , we have a great depression but that does n't make us third world countries . 
  trust me , i have been to plenty of 3rd world countries and it is n't even close to comparable . 
  no to both counts . 
  we are not even close to 3rd world and crime has actually sharply dropped . 
  my grand-grand-father got 3 bullets in those wars . 
  my grandfather says he never regretted it .
