  i hope i can help reduce that !, 
  --  do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  absolutely none and automoderator could as well be casting spells for all i know . 
  however , i usually learn the computer hocus pocus rather fast when needed . 
  --  why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  right , i will be blunt on this one : because i am a right winger . 
  however , that does n't mean what some might expect . 
  i do n't think there is a `` grand conspiracy of left wingers '' in this sub 's moderation . 
  in fact , i would go so far as to say that it is pretty much a fact that there is n't such a conspiracy . 
  as a right winger , i would have the `` legitimacy '' to do something the current mods ca n't do due to calls of `` censorship '' : i can properly moderate immigration threads . 
  if i become a moderator , i will probably spend most of my time whacking over the head two types of people : - the `` i am not racist but muslims should be gassed '' people - the `` everyone who disagrees with me in < shill , racist , sjw  '' people . 
  i intend to enforce civility and try to bring the discussion back to people discussing an event rather than a yelling competition . 
  i strongly opposed the megathreads ( even got banned for it , although it was reversed ) but the current situation is getting slightly out of hand . 
  my main reason for being a moderator is to help balance the front page again . 
  --  why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  check preface for a detailed answer on that . 
  for tl ; dr : i do n't think i would be the best one . 
  i do think i would be a competent one . 
  i also think my presence in the moderation team , in itself , would be a good thing . 
  --  do you have any experience with statistics , data-mining or reddit bots ? 
  i have extensive experience with statistics . 
  in fact , i got a minor on that !, 
  i do not have any experience on data mining or reddit bots . 
  --  what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  i strongly opposed it . 
  i still strongly oppose any such solutions . 
  immigration is a very complex story but the basics ( people going from x to y ) has been talked about to death and anything worthwhile has been said . 
  the point of immigration threads is to discuss specific * events * that happen as they happen . 
  that is not possible in a megathread . 
  megathreads are ... okey for single events , not great , but okey . 
  they are absolutely terrible as a permanent solution for discussing a major topic . 
  --  what 's one weakness you have ? 
  [ i usually v\u00f6rk all day and neglect my family . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/2w0wsdlobq8?t=138 ) --  would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  obviously a hundred duck sized horses . 
  horses are stupid and they wo n't form up to fight you . 
  you can just bash em to death one by one while they are trying to flee from you . 
  also , they can be latter used for delicious , duck-sized horse steaks !, 
  --  what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why ... pornography ? 
  yeah , i will go with pornography . 
  iphone 1 . 
  never had a phone before that because i mostly view phones as an annoyance . 
  iphone changed that because a ) i had a job around the same time and needed a phone b ) it had internet everywhere . 
  anyone who disagrees with you is not a shill ... 
  ach , my bad , sorry . 
  not just gold reserves . 
  you also took a `` loan '' on war supplies , food supply ( causing a huge famine for a year ) as well as taking residences to establish temporary bases . 
  these were supposed to be paid back after the war was over ( germany had signed documents etc ) but they were never paid or the debt forgiven by greece . 
  that 's the debt you mostly hear about . 
  there is also the war reparations one , but i think that is a bit more iffy . 
  freedom of speech is inherently better than no freedom of speech because it allows for more individuality which is a net good . 
  the only argument against freedom of speech is its consequences which , at least personally , do n't think are enough . 
  greece is not `` punished '' for its debt . 
  greece , when it was following austerity , was just trying to get its economy back on track . 
  economics is n't about punishment . 
  if it was simply a matter of punishment , i would be the first out there to say fuck austerity . 
  as it happens , i am actually pro-austerity because * this is n't a morality tale * . 
  this is about making sure my country gets off this position and , for europeans , to not lose their money in greece . 
  your view of the whole thing is incredibly simplistic and twisted . 
  and varoufakis was n't referencing the punishment part of sysyfous . 
  he was referencing doing the same thing with the same ( bad ) results . 
  i disagree with him but you are just twisting what he says and it 's completely disingenuous . 
  i do n't like varoufakis at all , but this is n't what he meant and to twist it to call it `` greek attitude '' is disgusting . 
  mmm ? 
  i mean , obviously austerity in itself is n't meant to produce growth . 
  it is meant to put the debt of countries under control which secures lower borrowing rates for the countries which indirectly brings growth . 
  what evidence is there that this does n't work ? 
  uk , spain , portugal , the baltics etc all implemented austerity and their economy is now growing . 
  even in greece , before tsipras , we had signs of life in the economy . 
  saying `` austerity does n't work '' is quite the blanket statement . 
  autocorrect does its wonders , 
  all autocephalous churches are still orthodox . 
  orthodoxy is very decentralized in that way !, 
  and that makes indefinite solitary confinement , which is considered torture worldwide , okey because ... ? 
  mm , maybe you are right . 
  i always knew it as the orthodox church and it is referred to tv , written inside temples etc as simply `` orthodox church '' with `` catholic '' said only in sermons . 
  but yeah , does n't really matter ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ heathen . 
  like we will recognize the completely equal and in no way superior patriarch of rome as above the rest of the patriarchs of the true church !, 
  ha , tough luck buddy . 
  eh , official designation is just orthodox , but yeah , they do often say `` catholic orthodox church '' , but catholic in this context means `` world encompassing '' rather than `` roman church '' . 
  damn heathenry mate . 
  everyone knows the orthodox church is the one true church . 
  papists and protestant papists are not welcome in muh church . 
  but , at the same time , the worst kind of abuses have been done `` because it 's the law '' . 
  not to mention that the counter-argument , in this case , is that snowden did , in fact , * protect * the law by exposing highly unconstitutional and illegal spying going on . 
  obviously , it is a matter of perspective , but i do n't think it is a hard position to take . 
  law is neither absolute nor morality . 
  alan turing * was * a homosexual and that was , indeed , illegal under uk law . 
  his punishment was not extraordinary nor outside the law ... it was also completely fucked up and he received a posthumous pardon by the queen herself . 
  not saying snowden is equivalent necessarily , but more to demonstrate that saying `` the law is x '' is kind of a null point in these kind of situations . 
  yeah , agreed . 
  time to crack down on illegal immigration and smugglers that incentivize people to take such a dangerous journey . 
  wage work is cultural , believe it or not . 
  it is a relatively new thing in society and involves many unique things that were not really relevant before like punctuality and schedules . 
  you can spot how industrial european regions were even today by looking , for example , the cultural emphasis on being on time . 
  a former farmer from rural africa will have a cultural problem keeping a job . 
  the turks , greeks and italians who moved to germany in the 50s came in a period of industrialization when germany needed working hands and they came under invitation . 
  currently , the exact opposite is true .
