  however , the problem is not even close to what europe has . 
  we do n't get a few boats , we get god damn armadas . 
  most of the greek immigrants , in particular , actually started off illegal and then albanian ones ( mostly ) were eventually granted citizenship . 
   aging population big problem indeed . 
  i still do believe that the solution to that is strong incentives to have children for people already here . 
  when we currently have shitty , at best , support for new parents people wo n't have that many children . 
   having said that , i also think we have a different understanding of what multiculturalism means , since european multiculturalism seems to breed extremism from the children of muslim immigrants , and not the immigrants themselves . 
  policies in the new world ( where immigration has defined the culture ) do n't have the same issues . 
  i lived in canada for quite a few years ( coming back again in 10 days ! ) . 
  in fact , i am a canadian citizen too . 
  the differences in the models are many . 
  canada , actually , does n't really allow bullshit that we allow freely in europe . 
  but it is also an attitude by us since culture in europe is deeply entrenched for thousands of years . 
  villages and towns have customs and traditions followed by 100 generations ago and seeing them die off * hurts * . 
  on the other hand , in canada , immigration is the tradition and culture . 
  you guys are also good at assimilation and have a society and government organization around the assumption that you will receive immigrants . 
  we simply do n't have that in europe . 
  edit : also consider that canada has full control over its immigration . 
  nobody can grab a boat and load off in canada illegally . 
  what you hear most people bitch about is illegal immigrants , which we have a boatload of . 
  they come by breaking the laws , never pay taxes and do n't give a shit about the hosting countries . 
  some of them do become legal immigrants , eventually , but quite frankly , they never should . 
  this is a very common , and very false , arguement . 
  culture does change , true , organically . 
  what currently happens in nowhere near organic change . 
  in fact , it is n't even a change at all , it is a cultural replacement and displacement . 
  that is n't a normal change that is perfectly acceptable . 
  an example of an organic change is the so called `` americanization '' . 
  people will occasionally bitch about it but aspects of american culture ( especially consumerism ) were introduced internally in most western cultures and without big external pressures . 
  on the other hand , `` multiculturalism '' was pushed aggressively and without consideration for the local culture . 
  so no , my point is perfectly valid . 
   you are saying we should all be diverse , & the world should be black & white . 
  erm , what ? 
  i think you misunderstood what i typed . 
  diversity , the political line , dictates what i wrote . 
  i oppose that . 
  it is n't a grand condemnation of all immigration or `` people outside of my skin colour are bad ''  country would be boring that is liek , just your opinion man . 
   but you ca n't force people to assimilate . 
  it 's barbaric . 
  yes you can . 
  the us has been doing it for generations and it works . 
  you do n't put a gun in their head and say `` assimilate '' , but there are many ways to generate acceptable levels of social pressure and filtering that causes immigrants to assimilate in a reasonable time frame and without destroying all their previous cultural inclinations . 
   you can only ask they follow the laws of the land above any other law they hold . 
  which they do n't accept because nobody dares tell them to do so . 
  filtering immigration and being not accepting unacceptable things is n't the same as isolationism . 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  i concede the point . 
  still , close to 10 % of the population is n't a small % . 
  because people are retards and vote based on opinion rather than contribution . 
  i upvoted you . 
  it directly translated to an immigration policy though , so it is reasonable . 
  acceptance of other cultures is not a bad thing , of course . 
  yes , truth is , greece has no foreigners . 
  except , you know , the country with the biggest % of the population in europe for foreigners is greece . 
  just say you are too lazy to cook properly and would instead prefer to fuck up your country and be done with it . 
  no need to pretend taking a superior moral high ground . 
  [ here ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=exotic+recipes ), 
  first off , diversity is an acceptance of mass immigration without a particular pressure to immigrants to assimilate or change their culture within the host country and instead a pressure to locals to accept said cultures . 
  tell me if you disagree with this definition so we can speak from a common ground . 
  now , the objective failures : - it brought over the worst qualities of the other countries along with the good ones and did nothing to pan them out . 
  this is in stark contrast with other immigration models like the american melting pot . 
  this thread is a good case in point of this . 
  - it created strong cultural tensions and locals are not the only ones to blame . 
  the immigrants themselves are not interested in interacting with the locals because most of them come from cultures that do n't pressure them into acceptance . 
  since the policy , by definition , does n't try to change it , it remains that way . 
  - strong cultural tensions brought strong cultural backlash . 
  this is a failure of policy . 
  if a policy brings on such a strong backlash something is done wrong , regardless if you agree or disagree with the backlash . 
  - it increased crime . 
  yes it did . 
  you might say it is the fault of the locals for not accommodating immigrants but it still did . 
  sweden is the rape capital of the world and it is n't swedes that are doing the raping . 
  - it distorted local cultures . 
  i left this for last because it is n't exactly an objective one since many do n't actually care about it , but i do . 
  so this is a failure for me . 
  many smaller cultures within the countries got homogenized the past 2 decades in a push of grand cultural change by the governments of europe and that is a loss . 
  edit , also a particularly bad one i forgot : - mass immigration was not controlled in any way for most of the past decade which led to a vast increase of unskilled labour that severely saturated the low skill labour market with no corresponding increase in low skill labour availability . 
  this led to severe lowing of wages , and even unemployment , of the poorer strata of locals as well as a deterioration of lifestyle . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it is an objective failure . 
  you know , wbc is awful but they have n't touched the hair of a single gay person . 
  the islamists do n't go around yelling `` god hates fags '' , they go around beheading gay people . 
  there is not even a molecule of comparison between the two . 
  they were exactly the same . 
  arguable , but i think the zenith of greek power was during alexander 's conquests and his subsequent spread of greek culture . 
  i mean , we ruled the majority of the known world at the time . 
  after that , byzantium in its height was pretty glorious , but i still do n't fully understand byzantinophiles . 
  yeah , in ` ere we only allow ukrainian propaganda and muslim supporters . 
  full yellow cabs are so normal in greece that yellow in itself is associated with taxis and no one ( or , well , very few ) paint their cars yellow . 
  it was actually one of the biggest cultural shocks i had when i figured that this was n't the case everywhere . 
  pretty much . 
  let me explain : say you got an expensive car , 2 houses and a swimming pool . 
  now , you declare these and are taxed as luxury goods . 
  then you are taxed again based on these because they are proofs of income ( peistiria ) and they , quite literally , assume you did n't declare everything and you get taxed on a presumed income based on your proofs of income a 2nd time . 
  as a relatively well off citizen , you either tax evade or you will stop being relatively well off very soon if you do n't tax evade . 
  you are literally supposed to be taxed for more than 100 % of your income . 
  fuck this system . 
  it is theft , plain and simple . 
  in the books it is very sad too . 
  although it is a different guy .
