  if you think someone saving people does n't deserve `` the air to breed '' , the person not deserving is you . 
  christian syrians , especially in areas under the control/in danger of falling under the control of isis are legitimately in need of , at least temporary , refugee status . 
  they also will probably not bring islamists with them for obvious reasons . 
  did n't some eastern european states like poland volunteer to take christian refugees ? 
  i think that is a good thing . 
  simple question if anyone knows : is what he did , if what he claims ( that he had official permits etc ) illegal in any way ? 
  obviously he should n't be off the hook from society just because it can be legal , but i am curious if there is a proper legal case , especially under us law . 
  it is a symbol of ancestral homeland more than anything , like constantinople is for us . 
  although admitably , our former supercapital and center of knowledge and industry of the known world for a millenium kind of makes more sense than a mountain but whatever . 
  extremely interesting . 
  thanks for the response mate !, 
  i remember that from ck2 !, 
  according to wikipedia , that was the county of portucale/portugal , right ? 
  [ i am rather fond of the greek cross flag ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/g/gr-alt.gif ) . 
  it is basically the top left of our flag . 
  much simpler design , more striking and i prefer the deeper blue colour . 
  it has been generally used more in war as a battle ensign . 
  do n't know if i would necessarily change to that , but if given the choice , i would probably take it . 
  my `` national holiday flag '' when i am in greece is that one rather than our traditional flag . 
  lions do n't belong to america or zimbabwe . 
  they going extinct will affect the whole world . 
  specifically for the uk economy , i never even see reasonable proof for that . 
  i mean , logically , if there are 2 unemployed people and 1 gets a job for 3k pounds or 2 unemployed people and both gets 2 jobs at 1.5 k pounds , the wealth given to the poorer persons is the same , if distributed . 
  why , then , are people railing against smaller , non-fulltime job creations ? 
  i never understood that . 
  last time i mentioned my views on abortion ( it was in some other sub though ) without that disclaimer , i got to -50 or so and about 20 messages ( some private ) saying i should fuck off back to the southern usa . 
  cluster of living cells that grow if left unmolested . 
  grow into a human baby . 
  as a disclosure , i am pro life and anti-abortion ( i am an atheist , before you jump on me ) simply because i ca n't see any scientific arguement as to why this `` clump of cells '' is n't simply another stage of human development . 
  feel free to disagree with me or my reasoning . 
  that 's fine but , please , do n't think we are pro-life because we hate women 's choice or something . 
  we genuinely believe it is murdering a human . 
  if you believed that , would n't you want to stop it ? 
  i wish this article would stay . 
  as with all other articles because the sticky thing is absurd . 
  you are saying nationalist like that is supposed to be an accusation . 
  u wot m8, 
  this is absurd . 
  this is rediculus . 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  why not just shut down the subreddit and delegate it to : - immigration megathread - economics megathread - eu megathread - usa did something stupid megathread - russia invaded someone again megathread i have been defending the moderation of this subreddit for a while but this is censorship . 
  this is not a proper solution . 
  this is just shutting down discussion and ghettofying it into a sticky somebody might check once every month or so . 
  please reverse this policy for the sake of this subreddit . 
  are n't your assumptions inherently your problem though ? 
  i was more curious why this is here . 
  immigrants came to mind after everyone was talking about muslims here and i was trying to figure out wtf they had to do with anything . 
  everybody here is complaining that this is agenda pushing but no comment mentions muslims outside of complaining that someone will mention muslims . 
  fuck you . 
  we do n't get drunk and shit in your parks when in britain , we expect the same . 
  you are here as guests , behave like it . 
  i have never posted in whiterights and i completely disagree with them . 
  / r/europe is my top posted subreddit , on the other hand , this is your first post in this subreddit . 
  amusing how you are the one brigading here while supposedly calling out a brigade . 
  it 's kind of harder for me because i live in the americas , so ca n't take shorter trips too . 
  yeah . 
  same with me . 
  i found a good job here easily too but fuck if i do n't want to go back . 
  my cutoff point will probably be finding a job in greece that pays at least half of what i earn here . 
  that might take a while though ... 
  he was power tripping though . 
  there were mod leaks that showed him trying to flat out censor opinions he did n't agree with , perma-banned people who said them without warning and wanted to ban all mentions of his name . 
  half the mod team resigned in protest of his actions over a period of time until he left . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  after davisreiss666 got kicked out , i am generally happy with the moderation in this sub , very few subjective exceptions aside . 
  i still think this tagging is silly , but whatever , not like it has any bearing to the thread itself . 
  integration is honestly dependant on where the immigrants are at . 
  in , say , the us , an integrated immigrant would be one who has a job , knows and respects local laws and identifies as an american . 
  in greece , it would be different as we have higher demands ( due to us being an ethnocentric nation , unlike the us ) . 
  we would demand immigrants know the language , abandon their previous culture to a large extend and adopting ours and maybe even converting to orthodoxy . 
  so there is no standard answer in my honest opinion . 
  i will say though that it is possible to integrate here too . 
  many albanians did it with many 2nd and 3rd gen albanian immigrant descendants being indistinguishable from greeks culturally . 
  wait , why are controversial comments `` problematic '' as long as they do n't break rules ? 
  do n't give a shit about the tagging itself , but i honestly do n't see the problem with controversy . 
  maybe you should read up on kosovo and lebanon . 
  both were relatively recent and both happened due to immigration , not conquest . 
  israel also had a history of immigration before the israeli state was declared . 
  in fact , the purpose of the immigration then was to have enough of a population percentage in palestine to claim the lands as israeli by the end of the war . 
  also , immigration to the americas is a completely different situation that today 's . 
  for starters , we have governments in europe that believe integration is racism . 
  the new immigrants arrive in masses and , even decades latter , have not integrated to the slightest . 
  there are children of immigrants , born in europe , who ca n't speak the local languages or can barely speak it . 
  that 's without even mentioning the fact that these immigrants often times are islamists or islamist sympathizers . 
  okey , let me explain it to you in simpler terms : mass immigration will inevitably start replacing local cultures . 
  the local population wo n't disappear probably , but it will slowly start becoming a smaller and smaller majority until the minority of former immigrants will start enforcing their culture on the nations . 
  you know , exactly like what the us did to the indians , israel did to palestinians or arabs did in lebanon . 
  it 's not genocide per se , but it is absolutely destructive for the local cultures . 
  only if its genocide it is bad ? 
  in your viewpoint , is there a switch between `` genocide '' and `` acceptable '' with nothing in between ? 
  or lebanon . 
  or israel . 
  or all of the americas . 
  but i guess native american culture never deserved to survive according to modern liberals . 
  yes . 
  communism kills people . 
  the communist states just follow the murderous ideology . 
  china . 
  north korea . 
  laos .
