  even if someone is verifiably not a syrian , we simply have no recourse but to keep them . 
  it 's why this is a huge issue in the first place . 
  it is often misused that way but it 's precisely that , a misuse of the term . 
  the correct term for `` the largest chunk but not the 50.1 % + '' is plurality , not majority . 
  anyway , this is mostly me being a pendant about this term as i like the different words to have their meanings . 
  not really core to the arguments since we both understand what i am trying to say . 
   there is not enough info to conclude as to what the majority of people accommodated in refugee camps ethnicity is . 
  but we do ... link from above http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php only 28 % are syrian . 
  we do have the data . 
  for the majority of cases , yeah , absolutely not . 
  refugee does n't mean `` comes from country that is in a lot of shit '' . 
  refugee means they have to leave the country else they face imminent death , hardship and war . 
  all 3 of these countries are , by and large , safe from war . 
  if we do n't accept this definition , then the majority of the world suddenly become qualified as refugees , which would obviously be disastrous . 
   it 's the syrian refugees that are being accommodated and are about to start receiving education in greek school facilities . 
  it 's the syrian refugee children that parents of greek children are against . 
  i would like a source on that because that is not what i have read so far . 
  my understanding is that they simply take any children from nearby immigrant camps without considering their origin . 
  that would mean that they are not all ( or even the majority , as we concluded ) syrian . 
   these `` parents '' should be chained and shipped back to turkey whence they came . 
  they should then have to re-apply as refugees to enter greece again , much like their grandparents did . 
  oy , keep it to a reasonable level . 
  i am aware it 's not your actual position but this is getting off the rails a bit . 
   majority is the greatest ( largest ) part ( number ) . 
  no , that 's plurality . 
  majority means 50.1 % +  also the outrage against refugee children attending greek school classes is directed exclusively against syrian refugees as far as i know since it 's syrians that are being accommodated in the region . 
  that 's also completely false . 
  there are immigrants from all over the world unfortunately . 
  if it was just syrians , i would probably support them but it 's simply not the case . 
   do n't have to be syrian to be a refugee . 
  sure , but they are the only group that can be safely classified as refugees . 
  while countries like iraq and afghanistan still have fighting going on , it is by no means widespread like it used to be and most people coming over ride the wave of legitimate refugees rather than escaping any specific threat . 
   the majority of refugees to greece are from syria and afghanistan 42 % is not the majority , last time i checked . 
  also , afghanistan is not a war torn country in its vast majority . 
  very few areas have fighting any more and they are mostly rural areas when the majority of the economic immigrants from there come from the city areas . 
  what afghanistan is , is poor . 
  they are economic immigrants , not refugees . 
  28 % are refugees which is , by no means , a majority . 
  i gave 2 examples . 
   like morocco and pakistan it was obviously not an exhaustive list . 
  actually , thanks for the link . 
  the fact that only 28 % are from syria entirely supports my point . 
  bollocks they are hypocrites . 
  they were refugees from an actual genocide and they came to greece legally . 
  the majority of the people coming to greece are neither refugees ( coming from safe countries like morocco and pakistan ) nor did they come here legally . 
  it 's comparing apples to oranges and not wanting to have your community destroyed for a 2nd time in 100 years is not fucking hypocrisy . 
  wait what ? 
  i thought this was yours . 
  huh . 
  can you perhaps edit the op to make it clearer ? 
  maybe put the whole thing in quotes ? 
  we ban sources for good reasons . 
  we also have a public list of specifically banned sources and we mention in the rules that circumventing banned sources is not allowed . 
  it 's not like this is arbitrary or could n't have been predicted . 
  like the fact that he is posting banned sources while self posting to circumvent the ban ? 
  if this story is also picked internationally , maybe you will have a case . 
  until then , it 's local at best . 
  sure . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is local news . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   in principle , yes . 
  well , that is a consistent position then . 
  no arguments here . 
  i obviously have a different position as i consider human life inherently valuable and sacrosanct . 
  i do think my position is more correct ( obviously , since i hold it ) because our society , in general , has always functioned based on that assumption and has a lot of backing for how useful it is . 
  once you stop considering human life inherently valuable , a lot of horrible things could become morally justified , from mass murder of undesirables to obligatory eugenics . 
  in the end , it 's very dangerous to go down that path . 
   i base it on a principle that no life form ( even if it is human ) can have an inherent right to live within another human 's body , and feed off of that other human 's body , without the host 's explicit and continuous permission . 
  i find that a very weird statement . 
  so do you support abortions up until birth ? 
  if not , what is the difference ? 
  right of choice comes secondary to right to life . 
  so it 's not really up to the woman . 
  if our brains make us human does that mean that a person with less brain function ( very low iq , a genetic problem and so on ) are less human than you and me ? 
  i find that kind of statement rather unsettling , to be honest . 
  everyone can have ridiculous beliefs . 
  being a man or a woman in this discussion is meaningless . 
  unless you think only men are pro-life . 
  i am an atheist and support a ban on abortion !, 
  yeah , i expect this wo n't be popular here . 
  i do add a few exceptions to it . 
  if the life of the mother is in direct danger due to the pregnancy , she should have the right to abort . 
  if the child has extreme , uncurable genetic diseases that will make its life miserable and/or very short , abortion should be an option . 
  i also think it should be a state 's top priority to seriously upgrade its motherhood support systems ( social care , free doctor visits and so on ) as well as a seriously improved state care of children in the adoption system . 
  so no , the ` caring for children ' should not stop the moment they are birthed . 
  i also should clarify i do not believe abortion should be available in case of poverty , teen pregnancy or rape . 
  the child is not responsible for any of the 3 scenarios . 
  i do , obviously , want support for the mothers in all 3 situations though , and very much including psychological support . 
  -------- so , now to my actual reasoning behind the initial statement : my default position on things are that they are none of my business unless proven otherwise . 
  so until a few years back , i was obviously fully pro-choice . 
  however , and this is where 99 % of you will disagree with me , i was convinced that embryos , from fertilisation on , are human the same way you and i am . 
  anyone who comes to that conclusion , i hope is obvious , would oppose abortion as it would be killing innocent humans in their perspective . 
  and so it was with me . 
  my reasons behind that change were multiple , however , the main one was that the way we define `` human '' and `` not human '' in embryos is so entirely arbitrary it simply is made up . 
  for example : - a woman gets an abortion at 3 months old : not human - a woman gets assaulted and has a miscarriage as a result at 3 months : person who assaulted her is tried for murder ( and have been convicted of that multiple times ) . 
  - person whose heart does n't work - human - embryo whose heart does n't work - not human then we have the completely arbitrary dates . 
  3 months , 4 months , 5 months and so on . 
  like if an embryo that is 2 months and 30 days old is suddenly so much less human than an embryo that is 1 day older . 
  in short , i do n't believe there is any concrete , scientific reasoning on why an `` embryo '' would be any less human than a human grown man .
