  the vast majority of immigrants take the chance . 
  most immigrants moving to serbia come through thessaloniki , where they are taken to by greece after they pass thrace or the islands . 
  no immigrant does what you describe there . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  also , are you seriously downvoting my every post ? 
  nice dude ... 
  why would n't they be able to apply for asylum on the way to slovakia ? 
  let 's assume a syrian refugee , they would have pass : turkey , greece , fyrom , serbia and hungary . 
  literally none of those countries are at war . 
  serbia recently even passed a law to make applications easier . 
  i mean , if scientologists tried to move en mass to greece , you bet your ass i would be trying to warn as many people as possible about them . 
  thankfully , they are an american problem thus far . 
  it means you are not obliged to accept them . 
  so yeah , it is a basis of rejection in diplospeak . 
  as the other guy said , if we worked off of technicalities , we would be expelling 99.99 % of immigrants as we are almost never the first country of entry . 
  technicality arguements also do n't solve problems . 
  it 's not really that exciting . 
  had a bunch block the entrance to work ( in a bank ) and yell at me when i tried to park . 
  so i will go back to what you told me above :  no one is expecting the west to take in every possible refugee . 
  if * we are n't expected to take them all * but nobody else takes any ( as is very much the case ) , who will ? 
  either some will be left out or china will have the biggest change of heart from any country in history . 
   being refugees , they 're already in the category - most at need . 
  just to be clear : you believe an able bodied 20 year old muslim from syria is in the exact same danger and need as a pregnant , 20 year old christian woman from syria ? 
  or do you believe that the degrees of danger should n't matter ? 
   the refugee convention says you should accept all that come , not that you should be obliged to pay for them to come to you . 
  i do n't think setting a refugee camp in syria ( or paying some country to host it ) to process refugees is `` paying them to come to us '' . 
  it will be a space to actually hold people in immediate need while also processing people according to ( what i believe are ) differing degrees of need to come to europe . 
   the reason we see so many people coming by more dangerous paths ( and hence makes who are more likely to survive ) is because of how european governments made the refugee convention work with airlines - namely that if an airline bring in an asylum seeker who 's by a refugee , they have to pay for their flight back . 
  if we got rid of this rule we would see the most vulnerable being able to make it to europe first . 
  could you explain this further ? 
  you can ask asylum at an airport to the best of my knowledge . 
  it 's just that there are n't planes flying from and to syria at the moment , for obvious reasons and most countries , for very good reasons , do n't allow undocumented people to fly on their planes . 
  ** full text : ** on august 11th amnesty international , a human rights charity , announced its support for decriminalising prostitution between consenting adults . 
  laws over prostitution differ by country : in britain the sale of sex is legal , but pimping and brothels are not , while in america it is illegal in all states but nevada . 
  increasingly , however , human rights campaigners are calling for it to be decriminalised , as it is in several european countries . 
  amnesty 's recommendation follows on from similar ones made by the world health organisation and unaids . 
  is decriminalising sex work a good idea or not ? 
  amnesty 's decision has found fierce opposition : a letter from the coalition against trafficking in women , an ngo , signed by a few former sex workers and actors including meryl streep and lena dunham argues that it `` will in effect support a system of gender apartheid '' . 
  those opposed to decriminalisation argue that prostitution as a trade inevitably leads to the trafficking of vulnerable women : the letter from the coalition says that since sex work was legalised in germany the number of women trafficked to the country has boomed and that it has become the `` bordello of europe '' . 
  rather than prosecute women for selling sex , many think that the `` swedish model '' , which made buying sex illegal in 1999 , is one which should be followed . 
  norway , iceland and france have adopted similar models , and the european parliament has championed it . 
  the swedish model attempts to wipe out prostitution by reducing demand . 
  but it is not completely clear that the swedish model has worked . 
  those who support decriminalisation -- which includes this newspaper , along with many sex workers -- point to the fact that pushing prostitution underground can have ugly consequences . 
  violence against prostitutes can go unpunished , as women may be less likely to go to the police if they are considered to be at the margin of the law . 
  street work , which had declined in sweden , increased again after the law was passed , putting many women in more danger than before . 
  prostitutes may also be less likely to seek medical advice . 
  when rhode island accidentally decriminalised prostitution in 2003 -- a legal loophole from 1980 was found to only criminalise the sale of sex outdoors -- the state did see an increase in the amount of indoor sex work . 
  but , according to one paper , the number of rape offenses also dropped by 31 % between 2003 and 2009 , when the trade was once again made illegal , while there were 39 % fewer cases of female gonorrhoea . 
  making the purchase of sex between two consenting adults illegal is also deeply illiberal . 
  fears over human trafficking and child abuse should not be dismissed lightly . 
  but laws against both exist and should be strictly enforced . 
  and prostitution , even if made illegal , will not be eliminated : old estimates put the value of the trade in america at $ 14 billion annually ( it is now likely to be far higher ) . 
  rather than chase the elusive goal of stamping out a trade , the safety of prostitutes who do their work willingly should be made paramount . 
  countries , as well as human-rights organisations , should look at the evidence . 
   people can have whatever immigration policy they want , as long as they respect the refugee convention . 
  that was you a few replies back . 
  the refugee convention , and please correct me if i am wrong , says that we should take in all refugees . 
  ____ at any rate , that 's not my main point . 
  would n't you agree that refugees should , at the very least , be taken in according to need ? 
  pregnant women , children , minorities under direct threat ( eg christians ) etc should have precedent over able bodied young men , even if those men come from war zones . 
  currently , the system favours the exact opposite . 
  there is no safe way to get people who actually need refuge the most in while able bodied young men have the easiest time doing the hard trip ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  there are also the problems of screening said refugees for criminal history , diseases , terrorist affiliations etc the ones arriving here might ( very very arguably , i disagree for once ) be at manageable level but those arriving are not the ones that should be arriving . 
  it makes the situation here bad and the situation over there not any better . 
  that 's why i think the current `` way '' ( if `` ignoring it and taking in whomever did n't drown on a boat in '' can even be called a way ) of doing this is retarded . 
  are you aware just how many people that could qualify as refugees there are ? 
   a refugee is a person who is outside their home country because they have suffered ( or feared ) persecution on account of race , religion , nationality , or political opinion ; because they are a member of a persecuted social category of persons ; or because they are fleeing a war . 
  most of the middle east is a battle ground right now . 
  there are also issues with refugees of conscience escaping from dictatorships . 
  there is the ukrainian crisis . 
  we are not talking even about a few millions . 
  we are talking about tens or , potentially , up to 100m people , 1/3rd of eus total population . 
  -- there are things that can be done to help people in need . 
  for starters , a un style refuge camp can and should be built in syria , controlled by the eu . 
  that way we can process people based on need rather than based on who jumped on a boat the fastest . 
  but we seriously , seriously , can not take 100m people . 
  aside from jokes about albania being ... well , you know ... albania : albania is actually a good place if you are seriously low on cash but still want to visit somewhere nice . 
  albanian tourism is waaaaaay cheaper , probably far cheaper than any of its neighbours , while sharing the same beautiful mediterranean weather and sea . 
  i actually recommend it if you can handle far less organized holidays . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_fascism  social fascism was a theory supported by the communist international ( comintern ) during the early 1930s , which held that social democracy was a variant of fascism because , in addition to a shared corporatist economic model , it stood in the way of a complete and final transition to communism . 
  at the time , the leaders of the comintern , such as joseph stalin and rajani palme dutt , argued that capitalist society had entered the `` third period '' in which a working class revolution was imminent , but could be prevented by social democrats and other `` fascist '' forces . 
  the term `` social fascist '' was used pejoratively to describe social democratic parties , anti-comintern and progressive socialist parties , and dissenters within comintern affiliates throughout the interwar period . 
  i better get paid for doing wikibot 's job . 
  i have to go with german , personally . 
  i can barely speak it , but i love quite a few things about it : - the combination of words is nifty and creates fun words . 
  - when spoken properly , it sounds pretty damn good to me . 
  - it 's one of the most useful languages in europe to know besides english . 
  6 countries have it as an official language . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hundred_flowers_campaign  the hundred flowers campaign , also termed the hundred flowers movement ( simplified chinese : \u767e\u82b1\u8fd0\u52a8 ; traditional chinese : \u767e\u82b1\u904b\u52d5 ; pinyin : b\u01ceihu\u0101 y\u00f9nd\u00f2ng ) , was a period in 1956 in the people 's republic of china [ 1 ] during which the communist party of china ( cpc ) encouraged its citizens to openly express their opinions of the communist regime . 
  differing views and solutions to national policy were encouraged based on the famous expression by communist party chairman mao zedong : `` the policy of letting a hundred flowers bloom and a hundred schools of thought contend is designed to promote the flourishing of the arts and the progress of science . 
  '' [ 2 ] [ 3 ] after this brief period of liberalization , mao abruptly changed course . 
  the crackdown continued through 1957 as an anti-rightist campaign against those who were critical of the regime and its ideology . 
  those targeted were publicly criticized and condemned to prison labor camps . 
  [ 4 ] mao remarked at the time that he had `` enticed the snakes out of their caves . 
  '' [ 4 ] [ 5 ]  the first part of the phrase is often remembered as `` let a hundred flowers bloom '' . 
  it is used to refer to an orchestrated campaign to flush out dissidents by encouraging them to show themselves as critical of the regime , and then subsequently imprison them . 
  this view is supported by authors clive james and jung chang , who posit that the campaign was , from the start , a ruse intended to expose rightists and counter-revolutionaries , and that mao zedong persecuted those whose views were different from the party 's . 
  well , there is a very easy way to disprove me . 
  show me a heavily upvoted racist post from ... let 's say , maximum 2 weeks ago .
