  we had a similar problem yesterday with the immigrant jobs thread where there was a lot of confusion about the information in the thread . 
  if you could provide an example that is in english , i could be more helpful in pointing out what was wrong with it . 
  as i said , do n't know much about the 2nd one . 
  was n't there when the removal happened . 
  i will note however that it has 2 tags , one of which is `` misleading '' . 
  that tag is there for a reason and probably contributed to its removal . 
  okey , can you provide a recent ( as in , today/yesterday ) example of an obviously biased moderated story ? 
  i mean , you keep saying we do that , can i see that in practice ? 
  because i honestly do n't see it myself . 
  i do n't know much about the 2nd one , but the london election was huge news reported everywhere . 
  heck , at the time i was in canada and even there it was a big story . 
  i have to admit i am not sure how the two correlate ? 
  they are not even on the same category of news . 
  if there was a big buzz about an election somewhere in europe , we always allow it . 
  it 's not pointless . 
  i just do n't think your view that there should be no moderation is a popular one or the correct direction for the subreddit . 
  to some extend , it is of course subjective . 
  a big factor is what news sources will catch up on it . 
  usually , if a really reliable international news organization reports on it , yer golden . 
  we also are more lenient with more funny/less consequential news stories . 
  / r/europe has rules and we remove rule breaking comments as clearly laid out in the rules . 
  that is not punishing `` wrongthink '' or censorship . 
  let me assure you we remove plenty of non-immigration ( or `` pro-immigration '' ) news stories that qualify as local news too . 
   even though there is several big international newspapers reporting on it . 
  when we removed it , there were n't though . 
  we removed articles from yahoo and low quality newspapers . 
  i think we can agree that this story is big so we waited for a reliable news source ( like the independent ) to report on it before allowing the thread . 
  / r/europe is meant for discussion of events , not as a news source . 
  we are not here to have breaking news , we prefer quality over speed . 
  as you can see , the thread we `` censored '' is right now in the front page with a mod note saying we are not removing it . 
  ------ edit : there was a reply and it was deleted . 
  it asked why the source that is now in the front page was also deleted once . 
  my response was  eh , that was mostly miscommunication . 
  the `` standing orders '' inside the team was `` remove articles until there is a reliable enough source '' . 
   the article got removed ( i think ) once but we had a brief discussion and decided it was , indeed , a quality source and allowed the repost . 
  if you notice , it 's the irish version of the independent , not the uk one , so it was n't a clear cut case . 
   honestly , the whole point here is to allow for a more interesting front page , not to hide anything . 
  i mean , jeez , you think i like seeing rapes of people or that it does n't disgust me ? 
  can you elaborate what kind of censorship you perceive because ( at least from where i stand ) we only `` censor '' extremist views ( genocide denial , racism , advocacy for mass murder etc ) . 
  the rest is quality control . 
  i do n't think applying some standards to / r/europe qualifies as censorship . 
  sure , but systems have checks and balances on corruption . 
  dictatorship is also much better than democracy if the dictator is an ever-benelovent person whose sole purpose is the betterment of society . 
  but he almost always is not . 
  and thus we reject dictatorship . 
  communism could theoretically work if humans were perfect . 
  we are not and communism does n't have nearly enough checks and balances to account for that . 
  communism , true communism , is not a utopia . 
  it is a bloodthirsty , ideologically purist dictatorship that leads to the suffering of anyone unlucky to fall under such a regime . 
  eh , technically off topic , but come on . 
  turkey 's a european country and pretty pictures are good content . 
  i 'll let it slide . 
  it 's summer and all of us try to do some tourism promotion subconsciously :p, 
  anti-british bigotry is still bigotry and still not allowed in / r/europe . 
  lol , thanks neighbour :p we need the money too !, 
  rhodes is great for relaxation . 
  mykonos for parties or zante if you want a mix of both . 
  take a day to visit parthenon i 'm athens too !, 
  no agenda posts, 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  both you and / u/mysterious _ manny are officially warned for personal attacks . 
  i am not a fucking schoolyard teacher . 
  behave like the adults you presumably are , jesus . 
  imprisonment 's by the greek state . 
  i am for taxing churches too but eh ... we kinda have bigger issues right now that take the air out of the winds of that particular issue . 
  nope , they do n't get taxed at all . 
  as in , non-profit legal status . 
  they are not taxed , same thing as with the us when the `` priests '' there made literally jet money . 
  nope !, 
  not in greece at least . 
  church property is owned by the church . 
  the church is , basically , an independent institution with just a special relation to the greek state . 
  we do n't tax it and pay for the priests , but the priests have the follow some strict standards . 
  imagine the church as an ... uh , non-profit corporation of sorts . 
  i respect neither nazis nor communists . 
  they both have a right to free speech and peaceful assembly . 
  if gd had a fair trial and with proper procedures got convicted , i would n't shed a single tear about throwing them in prison for the rest of their miserable lives . 
  this is n't a defense of gd . 
  it 's fucking absurd to me that the then-representative of the government flat out admitted that they did interfere and directed the whole thing and now i am fucking supposed to pretend it 's all k else i am a `` golden dawn supporter '' . 
  gd can rot in fucking hell . 
  people who want to overule democracy when it is convenient to them can go fuck themselves equally as much . 
  it 's not public property . 
  it is church property and there is actually a special law just for athos that mandates a year jail time that was made after someone did sneak in . 
  the article actually mentions that . 
  been there . 
  it 's an interesting experience and the monks are super friendly . 
  but there is a year imprisonment if you try to sneak in as a woman , 
  extremely authoritarian regimes have though ( venezuela ) . 
  and yes , they have through elections . 
  rigged , but they have ( most of the soviet block had mock elections ) because marxists do n't give a toss about democracy . 
   i 'd wish you are mentally ill . get help . 
  edit :  were generally very opposed to the jailing . 
  i am very much in favour of jailing neo-nazis for crimes they commit . 
  in fact , i am very in favour of jailing everyone for crimes they commit . 
  i am against political persecution of legally compliant members . 
  the gd persecution has been very murky . 
  my personal opinion is that the then-pm ( samaras ) directly intervened in the procedures to make sure they were officially jailed . 
  that is a gross violation of the separation between the justice and legislature branches of government and extremely anti-democratic and treason , as far as i am concerned .
