  coming next week ? 
  4 points . 
  i had 10 relations at peak and 6 limit . 
  yeah . 
  damn russia screwed me over very hard in multiple ways . 
  well , since we are open enemies anyway now : i never intended to attack you . 
  the excuse for the diplo slots was actually the truth , i did n't like wasting diplo points . 
  but , you know , now the game is about to get spicy :3, 
  [ castille has no comment ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/ill-be-back-terminator.gif ), 
  probably should add in the above thing that we have a united , independent ireland . 
  it 's actually amazing the ai did that !, 
  if i go to war , i will give the land to the appropriate countries . 
  whomever cares about it , just as long as hungary does n't have it . 
   * war between castille and hungary may be imminent following spanish discovery of a hungarian colony in south america , something which displeased the king of castille-aragon immensely . 
  that is a good way to describe it , yes . 
  hopefully a human player that is reasonable gets hungary because if the ai keeps colonizing , i am taking away its toys , and by that i mean its entire coastline . 
  you should also join the steam group !, 
  yep . 
  we have a weekly game session of a game called europa universalis 4 . 
  it 's a game many people in this sub enjoy !, 
  hopefully !, 
  well , if you feel like joining anyway , you are welcome !, 
  arumba is a great teacher !, 
  it 's uh ... not really . 
  you have a full day . 
  if you learn the basics , you should be fine really . 
  the game is pretty different from ck2 though . 
  oh come on man , it 's not that bad once a week , 
  nope , nobody is !, 
  someone did and it got big the first game and the ai just kinda kept going at it . 
  sure , [ here ] ( http://rghost.net/6tvfk9vvn ) i had it uploaded before . 
   what dlc 's are you running ? 
  only the host 's dlc count so you could only have the base game and connect to a host with all the dlc and you would have all the dlc for that game . 
  since i have all the dlc , we will be playing with all the dlc . 
   are you running a shattered world mod or is it just the basic 1444 start . 
  basic start . 
   do i need any other software to chat or just use steam chat ? 
  steam chat 's fine . 
  last time we also had a teamspeak server . 
  we might do that again this week !, 
  there are no reserved spots . 
  you can absolutely join !, 
  all are welcome , 
  nope , that would be / u/lordmondando . 
  i am iberia . 
  ach du :\\ ^ ) i 'll write an after-action-report when we are done with this week 's game . 
  i have a feeling glorious empire of castille will form this game . 
  ach , sorry , not to my knowledge . 
  i can give you last week 's save file if you wan na snoop around in it though !, 
  same here with the tech . 
  i am 100 points away . 
  actually , if my game had n't bugged out , i would have used the decision and gotten it already !, 
  to be fair , byzantium wanted its capital back :p, 
  you can join now !, 
  we are restarting atm, 
  well yes !, 
  krokodil too . 
  thing is , most of these drugs are `` poor man 's drugs '' . 
  drugs that can be made cheaply and they cause extreme damage to people . 
  given the choice , these people would n't take those drugs . 
  i um ... think the government should do that . 
  not sell , but give a portion per day to any who ask for free . 
  that would drive most drug cartels completely out of bussiness , greatly reduce drug-related deaths due to purity and also allow users to know they can have help if they want . 
  pls no bullying :\\ ^ ), 
  thank you mods for stickying this . 
  i understand some people do n't care for the game , that 's fine !, 
  no problem !, 
  the idea behind stickying it is for people who are interested but forgot about it due to our christmas hiatus to remember it is happening tomorrow . 
  if people strongly oppose the sticky , i will personally ask it for it to be unstickied . 
  merry orthodox christmas , 
  schengen is not an eu thing , just fyi . 
  do n't conflate it with the eu . 
  yeah , this is a very reasonable point . 
  my biggest criticism is the response to the events , not being caught off guard . 
  they failed to react to the incident and they attempted to even cover it up to an extend . 
  that 's the damning part . 
  two things : calais is not in any african country 's borders . 
  you put them there . 
  i absolutely would agree that we should help protect the borders of every eu nation in the south , and that includes france . 
  however , the jungle is a different situation . 
  second , what france asks as a solution ( for them to move to the uk ) is both literally impossible and extremely unfair to the uk . 
  uk has done nothing wrong and is just protecting its borders . 
  the mistake was with the eu that , because of the failure of policy , did n't prevent these people coming to calais in the first place . 
  basically , in my opinion , this is less close to the situation in greece and more similar to countries that used to yell at hungary for building the fence because it meant the immigrant wave would pass through them instead . 
  sorry for the thread being removed man . 
  the pc police was really offended at it apparently . 
  i liked the title personally . 
  so , why was he ragging about the deal rather than the eu structure itself ? 
  i agree with him , incidentally , that the deal is trash . 
  that 's not my point . 
  my point is  views on economic policy , immigration and redistribution come second is clearly false . 
  he has a specific economic structure in mind for the eu , not just its federalization or democracy level . 
  if that was his goal , he would have been a proponent of the bailout because that was clearly centralized directions from the eu . 
  he is n't pro-eu , he is pro-leftism and is using the eu as a platform . 
  his views on economics , social policy and redistribution are everything and the eu the vehicle through which he can achieve it . 
  why would i pay taxes under pasok in the 80s ? 
  so i can lose all my money , have my bussiness go bankrupt just so a politician can build his 3rd villa ? 
  tax evasion was always a symptom , not the disease . 
  letting them drown , besides being inhumane , would n't even work . 
  these people , whatever the arguements go around , * are * desperate .
