  so , cultural identity is not traditions , legacy , cultural heritage etc which are all eroded by immigration , it is high wages to fast food workers ? 
  yeah , i get the same feeling . 
  was any poll done on this ? 
  family cebrations are not unifying ? 
  i mean , i might be confused but `` let 's gather up , have a nice feast and get drunk together '' looks pretty unifying to me : /, 
  there are plenty of countries that celebrate the beginnings of wars . 
  some celebrate the ( victorious ) end , sure , but that is n't the absolute majority . 
  nor do i see a problem with religious celebrations ? 
  i mean , nobody forces you to celebrate them . 
  hell , i had a steak on clean monday . 
  in which we resisted silly things like nazism . 
  who fights nazis anyways ? 
  we should have invited them over , handed over the jews and went to smoke some weed . 
  stalin was georgian though and treated georgia quite favorably . 
  much of the infrastructure of georgia was built back then . 
  just because stalin was a terrible person does n't mean georgians ca n't appreciate that he helped them . 
  it is basic human psychology . 
  also , if memory helps , during destalinization there was a lot of resistance in georgia . 
   is albania european culture ? 
  bosnia ? 
  cyprus ? 
  sicily ? 
  hungary , romania , moldova , ukraine , serbia , croatia - are those european cultures ? 
  yes . 
  yes to all of them . 
  cultures in europe that have traditionally been in europe . 
  i am preeetty sure the definition is not that hard to grasp . 
   because it is retarded to assume that culture is static and unchanging . 
  how many words has french taken from english , and vice versa ? 
  how many countries around the world speak a european language or have traditions , ideals and so on that the europeans exported ? 
   thinking you can `` preserve '' culture is deluded , it 's perpetually changing because culture is organic . 
  and i agree . 
  however , there is a difference between organic change and bastardization . 
  all european cultures change , however no one will say that japan invading korea and forbidding parts of their culture ( including the language ! ), 
  was `` normal '' or an `` organic change '' . 
  i do n't advocate monolithic , unchanging cultures . 
  i am advocating for a slower change and stopping the cultural replacement that is taking place today . 
  and it is taking place today . 
  not only from muslims ( although they are a big problem ) but even from other western cultures , especially the us . 
  yes , i do like the us , i lived there for many years , i do n't have a problem with the country , but preserving our culture should be important to us , more than it is today . 
   what you 're doing is pointing at a land barrier and arbitrarily declaring that anyone on the other side does n't have a culture worth a shit , which is simply not true , especially given that we 've heavily influenced all those cultures ourselves . 
  i actually like muslim culture and have no problem with it . 
  i have travelled a lot mate , trust me . 
  i have lived in yemen amongst other places . 
  muslim culture is not inferior , it is different , and so are the cultures of europe . 
  want diversity ? 
  help protect them . 
  europeans by blood and by culture . 
  not necessarily a cultural majority . 
  basques are european , occitans are europeans etc mass immigration destroys those individual cultures that have developed over thousands of years . 
  it destroys united peoples forged through thousands of years of hardship . 
  i will oppose immigration until i die . 
  le leddit le downvote tolerance brigade is here . 
  actual europeans are with you mate . 
  hm , in what eu countries is that the case ? 
  i know in greece we * unofficially * spare greek born minors , but that is unofficial . 
  she is not a citizen of france and being born in france is specifically irrelevant since there is no birthright . 
  if there was a birthright exception , then we would n't say we do n't have jus soli , right ? 
  where do you live ? 
  no place in europe has jus soli . 
  where one is born is irrelevant . 
  i do and he is right . 
  the basis for analysis for the economist is accepted by every single modern economist worth speaking about . 
  you can disagree with some assessments and conclusions ( and i frequently do ) but to dismiss it as downright unreliable means you are either uninformed or an ideological fringe and should probably go study some economics , for a change . 
  also , in case it is n't clear , all those islands around it are greek . 
  as in , actually populated by greeks . 
  i am hoping i find out they made a mistake in the claim tomorrow . 
  bah , this is silly . 
  weird , it works for me . 
  indeed , and i doubt the turkish government did that in good faith . 
  no one in their right mind would believe greece would find this acceptable . 
  what i meant is that it is right next to populated greek island instead of being in greek waters , but kind of away . 
  but yeah , the whole situation is ridiculous to the extreme . 
  considering these are naval exercises , naval space is kind of implied . 
  at least , that 's how i understand it . 
  it might be very weird otherwise . 
  this is actually fucking absurd . 
  i am sorry turkey , but it is . 
  [ this ] ( http://content-mcdn.imerisia.gr/filesystem/images/20150301/low/imerisia_large_t_1061_43994694.jpg ) is the part they are demanding for the millitary exercizes . 
  besides being clearly in greek waters ( and very close to populated greek islands ) they are literally cutting the aegean in half and interrupting hundreds of commercial shipping . 
  not to mention that it is n't for a day or two . 
  they are demanding this for * 6 fucking months * . 
  no , just , no . 
  that 's not the point ? 
  the united state 's language is english . 
  it is the most spoken language and the one you use to promote yourselves outside of the us . 
   are n't we currently ? 
  yep , currently . 
  200 years ago we did in french . 
  1000 years ago in latin , 1500 years ago in greek . 
  the lingua franca changes a lot and binding the eu on the current one is binding us to american culture . 
  that is what i disagree with . 
  perhaps my issue is that i am against the eu on a fundamental level . 
  however , why english ? 
  the answer is because the us is currently the most influential country . 
  britain is neither the most influential nor most powerful country in the eu . 
  if we want to form a country long term that wo n't break up over the first disagreement , we need a nation . 
  we ca n't base a nation off american culture . 
  english is a bad choice for a future state and our current languages are just fine for the current confederation . 
   so how about some standardization and active political encouragement so everybody can speak english ?
