  true , but they are on the exact same topic . 
  truth be told , the better scenario would have been if you had posted the article first so i could remove the other one but as it stands , letting 2 articles on the exact same thing in a 2h period would spam the front page : / sorry !, 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/47d0sb/stoltenberg_migrants_from_turkey_to_be_returned/ if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  do n't make personal insults anyway . 
  just report him and we will take care of him . 
  nobody reported him so i did n't see what he wrote !, 
  that is why it 's important , 
  hey , if you got any problems or would like to challenge the tag , please use / r/europemeta . 
  it 's the sub dedicated to such questions !, 
  alternatively , modmail always works . 
  no personal insults please . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/478gdl/happy_independence_day_2016_estonia/ if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  yes i am afraid . 
  here 's the thing . 
  vlachs in greece are definately not a thing any more . 
  maybe they were 50-60 years ago , but even then they were completely hellenized . 
  today , even descendants of vlachs ca n't speak the language and almost none of them identify are primarily vlach . 
  this is very similar to the arvanites who were albanian-greeks that mostly identified as greeks . 
  while we have some people who still identify as arvanites and there are arvanite societies , they are all distinctively greek and identify as greek . 
  greeks tend to have that with subgroups , like , for example , many pontiac greeks who are completely greek but identify with their origin from pontus . 
  this is kinda like having a map of , eg , usa and randomly somewhere , instead of `` american '' you spliced `` virginian '' . 
  they are just so completely assimilated that distinction is impossible and meaningless and they no longer exist outside of a few cultural references and names of places and villages ( like my village incidentally ! ), 
  laughably so , actually . 
  the albanian part in attiki is especially hilarious . 
  the northern greece one is out of date for the last 90 years . 
  aromanias are n't a thing any more and the turkish minority in thrace is actually not on the north but on the east ( but it does indeed include komotini to an extend being 40 % turkish speakers ) . 
  the slavic minority got forcibly deported in the balkan exchanges after ww1 in the sevres agreement . 
  edit : to get why the athens one is hilarious , you have to understand that athens has over 3m greeks with about 100k non-greek citizen albanians who mostly came the last 20 years . 
  that 's less than 3 % of the population and they are not even citizens to qualify as a `` minority '' . 
  albanians are immigrants in greece , some assimilate , some do n't but they are not concetrated anywhere nor do they qualify as a ethnic minority in any reasonable sense of the term . 
  edit2 : turkish in rhode oh god stop you are killng me . 
  i was there for 1 year and never ever ever saw anyone speak a word of turkish anywhere on the island . 
  i heard more turkish in berlin than in rhodes because i actually heard some there . 
  it seems to imply there is a slavic majority in northern greece which is simply not true . 
  on the other hand , eastern thrace should probably use the turkish colour and it 's not . 
  i am fairly sure whomever edited the map had an agenda there . 
  why is northern greece covered in slavic colors ? 
  northern greece has n't had a significant slavic minority in over 90 years . 
  they have all left since the exchanges after the balkan wars . 
  on the other hand , eastern greek thrace actually has a turkish speaking majority yet the map does n't represent that . 
  it 's just weird . 
  yeah . 
  the reason i chose saturday is because people are n't tired from work ( like in fridays ) and do n't have work tomorrow ( like on sundays ) . 
  i think cutting the game time a little ( to 3-4 hours ) and starting a couple hours earlier could solve most problems ? 
  i think that is a good suggestion . 
  the 4 hours one imo is better . 
  it 's a very late game government type ( it unlocks in the 18th century ) . 
  constitutional monarchy boosts your monarch 's legitimacy heavily and also introduces parliamentary mechanics which are kinda not great in eu4 but they can give you some nifty benefits . 
  constitutional republic has the republican systems ( which is kinda complicated but generally good ) , the parliament and also trade and production bonuses . 
  they ca n't have royal marriages though , which is a minus . 
  on the other hand , absolutism can give some very good millitary bonuses . 
  another type of republic is the revolutionary republic and empire simulating revolutionary france and napoleon 's empire . 
  these are considered one of the best ( if not the best ) governments in the game but they have some huge diplomatic downsides . 
  edit : actually , just remembered they heavily buffed the parliament in the last session . 
  so it 's much better now . 
   do n't play the game , so who owns the british isles ? 
  france does !, 
   also it is possible that a country is a democracy in the game ? 
  kind of ? 
  you can be a constitutional republic and a constitutional monarchy but , yknow , it 's as democratic as a typical 17th century republic in theory . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u1wmjkl.jpg ) is the map for future reference , 
  yep !, 
   i 'm a bit afraid of not being able to ponder decisions as long as i like lol it 's honestly not that bad . 
  usually , it 's actually too slow for some people . 
  spanish growth is noteworthy because i went from 120k troops in 1666 to over 500k in 1720 . 
  if i had done that from the early game , this series could have evolved very differently but i am a dumdum , 
  i will be waiting for the new expansion ( that should come in march , if pdx keeps up with the schedule ) to start the new round else we run into a very high risk of having a new expansion come mid-new session . 
  not to mention the new expansion opens up many new playable countries in central africa , which will be exciting !, 
  but yeah , we will be discussing rules in the / r/europe steam group . 
  after the save game is done ( and we reach 1821 ) i will open a thread to try and set rules that everyone can agree to . 
  hey , just saw that message !, 
  i 'll do that now , if that is okey with you . 
   `` a direct link between the attack and the ypg has been established , '' said ahmet davutoglu , the turkish prime minister . 
  he claimed the outlawed kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) , a turkish-kurdish group that has fought turkey 's government for decades , provided logistical support for the attack . 
  this is very interesting in that now turkey theoretically has a reason to openly ( even more so than now , anyway ) move against ypg forces in syria . 
  this will probably bring them in direct confrontation with america who so far supports ypg . 
  ** full text : ** a deadly car bomb in ankara on february 17th just a few hundred metres from turkey 's parliament has fanned the flames of the war that turkish troops are fighting against kurdish insurgents in the country 's south-east . 
  it also threatens to pull turkey yet deeper into the chaos in syria and to sour its relations with america . 
  most worryingly , it has brought turkey one step closer to a direct confrontation with russia . 
  on thursday , turkish officials identified the man who detonated a car packed with explosives next to a military bus in the heart of the country 's capital , killing 27 military personnel and one civilian , as a member of the people 's protection units ( ypg ) , a syrian kurdish militia . 
  `` a direct link between the attack and the ypg has been established , '' said ahmet davutoglu , the turkish prime minister . 
  he claimed the outlawed kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) , a turkish-kurdish group that has fought turkey 's government for decades , provided logistical support for the attack . 
  the ypg has no history of attacks inside turkey . 
  it denied any role in the bombing , and said the government was blaming it as a convenient excuse for launching a military operation in syria . 
  a senior pkk commander claimed ignorance of the attack , but did not exclude the possibility that other kurdish militant groups were involved . 
  `` we know that previously such acts have been carried out in retaliation for massacres in kurdistan , '' cemil bayik told a kurdish news agency . 
  the pkk has been battling government troops and police in turkey 's south-east since last summer ; the fighting has left hundreds dead , including over 200 civilians , and displaced more than 100,000 people . 
  metin gurcan , a military analyst and columnist for al-monitor , a website , finds the pkk 's denial unconvincing . 
  `` they have a record of trying to franchise violence without taking responsibility , '' he says . 
  `` they may be trying to export the violence [ from the south-east ] to the west of the country . '', 
  on thursday , a pkk roadside bomb killed six troops in diyarbakir , a south-eastern province . 
  the same day , turkish jets pounded pkk bases in the highlands of northern iraq . 
  the ankara bombing has widened the rift between turkey and its allies over the ypg . 
  turkey , which regards the group as a front for the pkk , wants america to suspend its co-operation with the militia in syria . 
  but washington considers the ypg an important partner in the war against islamic state ( is ) . 
  it has acknowledged ties between the ypg and the pkk , which it labels a terrorist group , but refuses to place the two in the same category .
