  oh yeah , i know they descent from/call themselves magyars , but i thought ( i guess wrongfully ? ), 
  that magyars were part of the hunic tribe group . 
  not `` the '' huns , but part of them . 
  wait , they are n't ? 
  i always thought hungarians at least descendent from a hunic tribe as a state . 
  `` in the city '' actually ( is tin poli -  istipol -  instabul ) . 
  supposedly yelled by the defenders when the turks breached the city 's defences . 
  as in `` they are in the city ! '', 
  not when there are wahhabi countries ( like sa ) pouring billions of dollars every year to propagate the more extreme versions of islam in these communities . 
  paedophilia was less traumatic back then ? 
  also , what about today 's policies in all muslim countries where women are sold like cattle and married off at the game of 12 or even lower ? 
  i picked netherlands . 
  my logic : the biggest countries ( germany , uk , france , italy ) are all controversial for various reasons . 
  nobody gives enough of a fuck about denmark/norway and sweden is yesland . 
  switzerland is nazi gold holders and the smallest nations are tax heavens whom people have a problem with for some reason , beats me really why . 
  anyway , i would say belgium because eu capital and everyone outside of belgium kinda likes belgium but belgians hate belgium so much it kind of disqualifies it . 
  eastern europe has the immigrants and southern europe ... we kinda have a `` liquidity problem '' which has created some very slight tensions . 
  so hey , netherlands . 
  big enough to be relevant , small enough to not be blamed when shit goes bad and legal weed and whores . 
  what 's not to love ? 
  plus , good roads belgium . 
  oh oh , also put one of those aol animated gifs of the ( greek ) flag on the top left . 
  it will be ~ ~ hilarious ~ ~ welcoming !, 
  gee , you really did have to wikipedia balkan history for the balkan threads huh ? 
  i mean , for obvious reasons , please keep us updated on it . 
  i want to prepare a character limit essay worth of questions for him + sources . 
  the reddit ceo ama will tremble in comparison . 
  ha ha very funny and original . 
  why ? 
  we built detention centers and tried to contain them . 
  the eu literally fined us for doing that . 
  what 's the other solution ? 
  drown them in the sea ? 
  you do understand that someone can read something and reject it , right ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  only modern feminist literature i ~ ~ have read ~ ~ have tried to read ( 18th century suffragette do n't really count ) is `` feminism is for everybody '' . 
  why ? 
  check the reply you replied to initially . 
  ukip is n't an anti-immigration party , not that this is relevant here . 
  i genuinly do n't understand what you are trying to say . 
  if greece becomes poorer ... greeks will want to move ? 
   there is an outcry to prevent them not nearly as large or justified one . 
  not all outcries are justified . 
  we had albanians in greece too ( more than a million of them ) and while there were tensions , a decade and a half latter they are well intergrated and productive members of society . 
   god forbid if your country defaults and gets out of euro , you will find yourself in similar situation with the unwanted bulgarians and romanians . 
  what situation is that exactly ? 
   people in distress will choose to migrate and most probably your people will also become a target of the ukip ( or similar parties in respective countries ) rhetoric . 
  ukip is right in many ways though . 
  1 ) greece would leave the eurozone , not the eec . 
  we would n't have euros but , like england , poland , romania etc we would still be perfectly allowed to immigrate legally . 
  2 ) legality plays a major role . 
  that way foreign governments can distinguish between criminals and good citizens , can check for diseases and can check for extremists before allowing them in the country . 
  3 ) thousands of greeks have immigrated already . 
  and poles . 
  and romanians . 
  ( in fact , britain has had more britons immigrate away than new immigrants coming to britain last year ) . 
  with that in mind , when was the last time a greek beheaded someone in the street for not being an orthodox christian ? 
  did greeks ever throw shit at french synagogues ? 
  so fuck your false equivalency . 
  someone needs to photoshop merkel in animu face being embarrassed she is noticed in there . 
  yeah but americans are sillypants , so they do n't count . 
  sjws , per the original definition from tia ( which granted , is being abused a lot ) are fucking horrible people unless you are insane . 
  sjw does n't mean ` feminist ' . 
  it means the feminist who really wants to kill all men and who think heterosexual sex is always rape . 
  sweden is literally one of the most mocked countries over here . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  they were also much less standardized . 
  because it was n't made by / r/polandball . 
  this is one of the krautchan originals . 
  they can also not be really interconnected . 
  austria-hungary , for example , was a huge state that never really had a nation behind it . 
  greeks are a single nation but have 2 states ( greece and cyprus ) . 
  oh , did n't see your name . 
  apologies . 
  i prefer to keep it at the ceasefire . 
   what is property ? 
  prop \u00b7 er \u00b7 ty \u02c8pr\u00e4p\u0259rd\u0113 / noun a thing or things belonging to someone ; possessions collectively . 
   i do n't see why having personal possessions goes against anarchism it goes against non-anarchocapitalist `` anarchism '' , at least how i understand it . 
  try going to / r/anarchism and talk about wanting to keep personal property and see how that goes . 
   that said nestle is n't a person so i 'd rather if they gave back that water they claim as theirs and steal from everyone or better still let the workers take charge and distribute it for everyone since they are most capable of that role . 
  or better yet , if you do n't like them , do n't buy their products and if they do something you seem to think is illegal , petition for stronger enforcement of rules . 
  and legality does n't mean `` something i like/don ' t like '' . 
  you can dislike something and still be perfectly legal . 
  yeah , and left anarchism where someone 's property can be violently taken away is totally anarchistic . 
  it 's almost like anarchism is a pipedream or something . 
  energy bridge first , commonwealth second , burning down moscow third . 
  confederate would mean further integration with unified foreign policy , single prime minister etc but extremely high autonomy for the various member states with each having seperate local laws ( that still have to obey a central constitution ) . 
  think more switzerland or csa rather than federated states like usa or germany . 
  the guy i responded to specifically said  we need to hit rock bottom at some point to climb back up i asked for clarification/justification of the statement ... 
   it is extremely simple . 
  greeks have a standard of living far in excess of what their economy can support . 
  ok .  this is directly reflected in the debt stock accumulated from government borrowing , over 170 % debt to gdp . 
  not really what reflects that , but not really central to the point either , so ok .  that is completely unsustainable . 
  with the current economic situation , yeah , it is n't . 
   if you think greece is anywhere near the bottom , in or out of the eurozone , you will find out the hard way just how wrong you are . 
  which is why i do n't want to find the bottom . 
  the bottom is somalia and zimbabwe and north korea . 
  burning everything down * is * the bottom . 
  economic restructuring is n't . 
   i pity greece 's future for a generation ... me too .
