  they * are n't needed anywhere * . 
  they have no skills , no background checks and we have no idea if they are even vaccinated or carry dangerous diseases . 
  they can be former isis members , murderers who escaped prison after the regime collapsed etc. 
  who on earth would hire these people ( with our very limited jobs ) over locals or even immigrants who have migrated here properly . 
  the only reason illegals ever get any work is because they are willing to work for almost nothing , thus dropping the market value of unskilled labour ( and thus the income of the poorest people ) even lower . 
  look , i understand humanism but we all need to calibrate our ideas to reality . 
  the reality is these people are n't needed or wanted . 
  work with that . 
  find a solution based around that fact . 
  i might disagree with the end result of the thought process but at least it would have a basis in reality . 
  er ... i am not . 
  i am saying it was n't something extraordinary . 
  bulgarians did it to greeks when they got independence . 
  greeks did it to the turks in multiple occasions and during the exchange . 
  turks did it to greeks etc. 
  i am not saying it was justified . 
  i am saying it was so common that , if we were to claim this and that land based on 19th century population , every part of the balkans would belong to every nation in the balkans ( which , by the way , is why balkans tend to get violent ) . 
  no , there were bulgarians there . 
  the bulgarians lost the war and got expelled . 
  same thing happened to us when we lost the war . 
  it is how wars worked . 
  paionians were pretty damn badass . 
  they were n't slavic either ( they were thracians , who essentially got fully intergrated by greeks latter on ) but nobody would give a shit about claiming that name and fyrom is located exactly on top of the paionian land . 
  bah , this whole thing 's silly . 
  that pretty much sums up my opinion on this . 
  if they did n't go around saying how alexander was n't greek ( lel ) nobody would give a shit . 
  so i bet you support extreme punitive measures against turkey , international isolation and believe they are all fascist ? 
  if not , you are a hypocrite . 
  it absolutely is justified . 
  we have done it many many times with turkey . 
  we declared war and invaded turkey to liberate greek-majority territories . 
  if you believe our invasions were justified , why was n't the annexation of crimea ? 
  as for the rediculus russian propaganda ... who gives a flying fuck ? 
  there is equally rediculus ukrainian propaganda and suppression of the press . 
  it is always amusing seeing redditors go `` haha , look at those russians saying all ukrainians are fascist . 
  all russians are fascist ! '', 
  i mean that the us and britain has done far worse , even recently , and i do n't get 50 responses calling me a russian shill every time i say i do n't think the us is terrible . 
  as for the actual limits ? 
  i think annexing crimea , which is majority russian and was denied russian as a state language by the new ukranian government , was fully justified . 
  i think that arming rebels within ukraine is justified considering the west does exactly the same with the government openly . 
  i also do n't believe for a second that the coup government that oppresses opposition brutally in ukraine is particularly better than russia . 
  i am not pro-russia necessarily . 
  i am mostly anti-anti-russia . 
  i think putin exceeded his welcome and russia is headed to a dangerous territory . 
  i also think spamming russophobic propaganda and treating them like a bunch of vodka-fueled brutes does n't help . 
  the only opinion i hold that gets me constantly downvoted here is that russia is acting rationally and within proper limits in respect to threats to its sphere of control and putin is n't literally hitler . 
  immigration is a polarized issue . 
  not a consensus . 
  i am against immigration , but closer cooperation between eu countries is needed in regards to immigration . 
  the southern countries alone can not handle this huge wave , especially not now with the economic crisis and not when building a wall in the borders in consider an `` ethical violation '' which gets us sued . 
  europe needs to move its arse and build a proper , pan-european defence force against immigration that will turn back more of those boats . 
  unfortunately , once they get to europe , most of these immigrants destroy their passports . 
  partly they are encouraged to do that so the people that brought them over can control them easier . 
  partly because , without any id on them , they are un-expellable . 
  we ca n't expel them because a ) we do n't know where they come from for sure and b ) the countries they come from have probably no record keeping to verify on their end and wo n't accept them . 
  so at the very least , we need some sort of pan-european detention program that holds these immigrants and shares the weight . 
  greece made several camps at millions of euros in cost that the eu freaked over because they had like , fences to keep them in n ' stuff . 
  dude , he is naurgul . 
  i suppose you never met the guy before ? 
  as long as he does a good job , that is fine . 
   so they do n't consider themselves arvanites anymore ? 
  do they still speak albanian ? 
  a few will call themselves arvanites , but it is more of a `` community '' recognition . 
  in greece , local cultures are celebrated between us . 
  they are more of a mark of pride rather than anything divisive . 
  so the arvanites , cretans , moreans etc all keep some sort of identity and even people born in big cities will , most of the time , claim descent from some specific part of greece ( `` have a village '' ) outside of said big city . 
  tl ; dr : the arvanite identity is a fully greek identity right now , like with many many others . 
   really ? 
  what is being fanatical in greece mean ? 
  every sunday in church , strict fast during lent , memorizing large parts of the bibles and actively participating in the church communities etc they also tend to be conservative in church issues by eg opposing the separation of church and state . 
   are the arvanites completely assimilated by now ? 
  pretty much . 
  they have been indistinguishable from greeks for decades if not centuries . 
  many people of arvanite origins have been in power , ministers etc  source ? 
  none but personal experience . 
  also i tend to find most albanian converts are really fanatical about their faith . 
  recent immigration wave that started in the 90s . 
  arvanites are a whole different story . 
   also i was asking specifically about christian immigrants so unless the albanians who immigrated there are from the south and are orthodox i think you misread my question . 
  many albanians are christian or atheist when they arrive , most convert to christianity fairly soon ... so i think it qualifies . 
  til : lithuanians fucking hate gorbie . 
  i live in canada currently . 
  in greece , a few years ago , i lived on a few different places but most of my life in northern athens ( \u03a7\u03bf\u03bb\u03b1\u03c1\u03b3\u03cc , \u03b2\u03b1\u03c3\u03b9\u03ba\u03ac ) . 
  greece had a huge immigration wave from albania . 
  i am one of the few greeks that will openly admit to liking albanians , so keep that in mind . 
  in practice , albanians actively attempted , and succeeded , in intergrating to a very large degree . 
  the majority of albanians in greece today speak greek to various extends , have adopted greek names and lifestyle , never formed large ghettos and many have even adopted the religion . 
  i honestly see the albanians as a success story in regards to immigration * and * as a proof that an immigrant 's willingness to intergrate should be a big factor in today 's immigration . 
  i think it is telling that most 2nd and 3rd gen albanians are virtually indistinguishable from greeks and most of the times do n't even consider themselves albanians any more . 
  all in all 8/10 would let immigrate again . 
  i still feel restricting immigration from bulgaria and romania was a mistake . 
  ohhh , that is why poles appear drunk all the time . 
  it makes sense suddenly !, 
  so ... do we purge the mutant ? 
  lost cause in what way ? 
  it will be great today . 
  just woke up . 
  have n't had a proper easter since 4 years back . 
   but that is an attack on the politician in question who has gained a well-deserved and inarguable reputation for tyranny . 
  in what way was that even an attack on the politician ?
