  they are highly educated elites . 
  they could have high paying jobs anywhere , they naturally expect high pay for their time . 
  so , apart from bad math and populism , any other arguement ? 
  it 's populism . 
  not that i trust a word that comes out of varoufakis ' mouth , but even if what he says is true , the cut salaries would be roughly 8k/person , let 's say 80k euros total a month . 
  what would they do with the 80k euros they got into a fight with troika over ? 
  raise pensions by 0.0000000001 % ? 
  yeah , every bit matters but it would be more touching if that same person complaining about 80k euros had n't tanked the greek economy costing us billions of euros . 
  athens is ... amazing ? 
  i feel this is the first time someone characterized athens are amazing . 
  it is livable if you are in the right areas and that 's the most praise i can give it . 
  as someone else said , at this stage it is gambling . 
  if you have disposable income , go for it but assume that income will probably be gone . 
  think of it as a long term roulette because that is what it is . 
  i might throw some money at it for the laughs but whatever . 
  bonus points if you can pronounce \u03c4\u03b9\u03b3\u03c1\u03ac\u03ba\u03b9\u03b1 right while saying it reasonably fast . 
  says the uh ... catholic serbian with a german fetish ? 
  punjab is rightfully greek . 
  alexander the great never forget . 
  why would it be nice for you though ? 
  if you just do n't like the threads , why not ignore them/ask for a tagging system to perma-hide them ? 
  i can understand not participating in them 100 % , that 's fine . 
  but saying * i do n't like it therefore it should be gone * approaches the `` stop liking what i do n't like * thing : /, 
  so you would send everyone who would like to discuss immigration to a racist cesspool ? 
  are you not aware on how that would influence people ? 
  did n't they actually come from modern pakistan ? 
  i might be wrong , but most sources i have read said that gypsies ' ancestors were refugees during the islamic invasions of north-western india . 
  while completely derailing the conversation for our pet issue , how about dem jooz eh ? 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  it is absolutely true . 
  right before syriza came to power , we had growth for the first time in years . 
  i was very active during the crisis ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  side-threads were never banned during the greek megathreads . 
  when the deal was reached , the front page literally had only topics discussing various aspects of it and the negotiations . 
  you are saying the fact that children of immigrants are so unintergrated that they commit these acts is unrelated to immigration ? 
   so you would agree that unassimilation is not a problem that is exclusive to immigrants naturally . 
  anyone with half a brain cell would agree to that statement . 
   that religion also plays a minimal role in determining how well assimilated a person is living in a society absolutely not . 
  islam is a huge factor is delaying assimilation to newly arrived immigrant groups . 
  there are many reasons for that , but it basically boils down to the islamic principles of many countries flat out contradicting with the secular principles of the west . 
  it is n't the only factor . 
  it just is a major one . 
   because we have all kinds of sub-cultures in the modern european state , we have neo-nazis , islamists , anarchists ( antifa ) , communists etc. 
  so in my view , counter culture movements are not something that should be associated with immigration . 
  political extremism mean unassimilation , aye . 
  islam , however , means that many people have extreme views that simply are not compatible with the west . 
  that is why islam is an active element against assimilation . 
  of course they are not assimilated , ie , part of the mainstream culture , if they are a neo-nazis . 
  just the word is not used often in that context . 
  breivik was also unassimilated . 
   if french immigrants really are as assimililated as you claim they are , the reason lies not in their religiosity but elsewhere . 
  did you reply to the wrong person mate ? 
  i never claimed that ... 
  i wrote my objections to the megathread last night in the megathread : `` i still respectfully disagree with the mega thread . 
  my reasons are as follows : - mega threads generally do n't help discussion as they become too unyieldy and half the posts are hidden due to how reddit works . 
  - discussing immigration in general is pointless as everything meaningful that can be said has been said . 
  it is far more interesting to discuss specific events , their implications and fixes . 
  the megathread system is a terrible way to discuss individual stories as most people ( naturally ) wo n't read 30 articles . 
  individual threads are thus much more focused . 
  - while individual threads had their problems , none of them were unsolvable . 
  having many threads would not be a problem if we implemented a tag and filter system like they have done in / r/worldnews . 
  toxic discussion can be reduced by more strict moderation in regards to personal attacks ( eg `` fuck you racist/sjw '' ) and unconstructive comments ( eg `` of course a swede would say that '' ) . '', 
  '' these are problems objectively i feel . 
  maybe they do n't outweigh the benefits in your opinion , but they are still problems . 
  i would prefer the old threads back with a tagging system . 
  otherwise , at the very least , splitting the megathread into controlled , topic-specific threads ( eh calais , attack in x , speech by z ) that way at least discussion about specific topics can happen . 
   the importance and significance of a topic is rarely proportional to the media spotlight that it gets nowadays . 
  these news make the front pages because they sell , much like any juicy drama that disrupts people 's everyday lives . 
  i disagree . 
  check the cover pages of all the uk newspapers after the charlie hebdo attacks . 
  notice a pattern in that they all refuse to show the comics involved in fear of offending muslims . 
  the repercussions of such attacks are far greater than a dozen people dying . 
  if you die in a car crash , it is tragic but nothing seriously consequential on a society level . 
  if you and a dozen others die for exercising a right , that right is under attack . 
   but it will go away . 
  the current situation is largely a consequence of the disruptions of ruling regimes in libya and syria . 
  once the situation there stabilizes , the inflow of migrants will return to normal . 
  we have had problems with immigrants waaaay before the current wave . 
  france had immigrant riots in 2005 , as am example . 
  these people are still just as much unassimilated as they were before . 
   and as long as we care to have societies that foster individual rights and freedoms , it can not be `` addressed '' in any direct way . 
  the west has never had the kind of forced secularism that turkey had , and i do n't think idea like that would be very well received anywhere in europe . 
  that is flat out wrong though . 
  laicite in france is a thing , as an example . 
   moreover , i keep hearing that something needs to be `` addressed '' all the time . 
  this is just a cop-out . 
  it 's basically saying `` someone else should do something about this , but do n't ask me what '' . 
  if you think something needs to be addressed , then address it . 
  sure , here are some specific proposals : ban religious schools . 
  ban funding from wahhabi groups and governments . 
  enforce strict requirements for religious and science education . 
  limit rights of worship in non-designated public areas , reduce funding for religious institutions and be very strict in the selection of religious figures allowed to preach . 
  2 part comment . 
  ** first part , megathread . 
  skip if you do n't want my objections to it : ** i still respectfully disagree with the mega thread . 
  my reasons are as follows : - mega threads generally do n't help discussion as they become too unyieldy and half the posts are hidden due to how reddit works . 
  - discussing immigration in general is pointless as everything meaningful that can be said has been said . 
  it is far more interesting to discuss specific events , their implications and fixes . 
  the megathread system is a terrible way to discuss individual stories as most people ( naturally ) wo n't read 30 articles . 
  individual threads are thus much more focused .
