  monetary policy needs to be very conscious of the economic conditions , which the euro simply ca n't do . 
  countries with more/less advanced areas fix that issue with transferring wealth from the richer to the poorer areas ( in the form of eg infrastructure investment or special tax exemptions ) . 
  the eu does n't do that in any amount that could make a realistic difference is a crisis as deep as the current one we are experiencing . 
  2 examples , yes they are and yes they are . 
  that 's because you do n't understand what racism is in europe . 
  a british racist will want to kick the very white , very european , poles out , as an example . 
  that 's because , for the third time : ** racism in europe exists but is centered on culture and religion , not race ** edit : removed the `` as an american '' . 
  by that , i meant you had a different cultural background , not that americans are stupid or something . 
  it looked kinda off though . 
  it 's the truth . 
  race is not a thing in europe . 
  there is no `` white brotherhood '' or race supremacy in europe . 
  our racists are concerned about culture and religion , which means they often discriminate other people of the same race but different religions and cultures , and our non-racists are ... well , not racist . 
  yes , race is n't really a thing in europe . 
  culture and religion is . 
  mate , [ ple ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2015/01/charlie_hebdo_the_french_satirical_magazine_is_heroic_it_is_also_racist.html ) [ ase ] ( http://www.salon.com/2015/01/15/the_lefts_charlie_hebdo_dilemma_how_to_feel_about_the_magazine_its_cartoons/ ) these are just 2 examples i found victim blaming and absolving the murderers because hebdo was `` racist '' . 
  many extremist leftists are more concerned of `` islamophobia '' than defending freedom of speech or , hell , even the lives of people against the jihadists . 
  it is disgusting . 
  it 's amazing what mental loops far left radicals will go through to justify islamic attrocities just because they are anti-western . 
  thanks !, 
  what is fortran ? 
  i code very casually and mainly to mod games i like and i have never heard of fortran . 
  the speech detailing how osama intended to take down america i refered to was given * before * even 9/11 , in 2000 . 
  the documents , most were known and came to the public right after 9/11 . 
  islamic terrorism simply was n't a big deal before that . 
  it has been a big deal ever since and if we had evidence of a plan to make us hate muslims , it would be all over the news . 
  on the other hand , the stated goal of these attacks is to pressure government in europe to stop bombarding isis targets in syria . 
  we have no other stated , official goals nor any documents supporting any other position . 
  what you say at the moment is a conspiracy theory with no proof . 
  i am sorry , but you ca n't simply state it as fact and expect it to be accepted . 
  because we know what their goals are . 
  they state them and we have captured endless amounts of documents from top terrorists . 
  nowhere such goals are stated . 
  for other plans , such as weakening the us economy by luring them in multiple middle east wars , starting a mass guerrila war in afghanistan and iraq etc that we know were real , there were tons of documents and speeches by islamist leaders detailing them . 
  there are no such speeches or documents for the claim that they try to make us hate muslims . 
  as i said to the other chap , if you have any evidence to the contrary , i would be glad to look at it and change my opinion accordingly . 
  9/11 was made so america would be involved in multiple wars in the middle east in the future so their economy would collapse from the weight . 
  that was clearly stated in multiple al queda documents and speeches by osama bin laden and it is a well known fact . 
  if your theory was correct , we would have documents supporting that with terrorists having it as a plan to eventually make the west hate muslims . 
  as far as i am aware , there are no such documents nor any islamist leaders have declared such plans . 
  your theory is not supported by evidence . 
  if you do have any evidence to the contrary , i would be glad to see it and change my opinion accordingly , of course . 
  because we have no reason to believe that , nor any evidence to support that and we have studied the terrorists , their beliefs and strategies for decades now . 
  it is n't incompatible . 
  but the idea that they attack us to make us hate normal muslims is simply not true . 
  it was orchestrated to punish infidels , not construct some complex socioeconomic situation . 
  a europe hating muslims , truly hating them , would mean the end of islam as a whole in the world . 
  we could swat them like flies and occupy them and destroy them with ease . 
  we choose not to because we are not savages unlike those terrorists . 
  stop creating conspiracy and accept the simple reality : they hate us , our ways and our beliefs which we try to spread . 
  that 's why we are attacked . 
   why , old testament is not the part of the bible ? 
  some christians had already used it for justifying genocidal actions . 
  because christianity is based around the teaching of jesus of nazaret , whose teachings are all in the new testament . 
  the god of the new bible is far different than the one in the old bible and it is plainly stated in the new testament . 
  that 's why . 
   me neither since i 'm an atheist . 
  although , the ones that i 'm referring to are not in the category that became invalid after the new verses , and etc. 
  i do n't know for everything you quoted , but specifically `` only god can take somebody 's life '' is , which is why i mentioned the rule . 
  to clarify , i would be vehemontly opposed to any move to * restrict * islam . 
  hell , i would be opposed to trying to restrict wahhabism legally . 
  i am far too libertarian to ban islam or any religion . 
  however , similarly how the state officially disuades people from joining dangerous cults and tries to inform the population of their danger , a similar campaign needs to start with islam . 
  maybe it should n't go as far as to brand all islam dangerous , because indeed they are n't so , but many branches of islam , including most of the mainstream ones , are . 
  public broadcasting stations that support financially , by bringing them to shows or promoting them in their reports , clerics from dangerous branches should be shunned and defunded of public money . 
  the state should be extremely strict on which branch of islam it gives money for mosques and only imams cerified by the state should be allowed to preach in those mosques with the certification removed if even a hint of extremism is detected . 
  private mosques wo n't have the same regulation , of course but directly preaching violence would run afoul of even our current laws so that 's okey . 
  violent islam needs to be contained much more rigorously than it is currently . 
  we simply are n't doing enough and are being too soft on the `` fence '' ones who are fundamentalists but not necessarily violent ones * yet * . 
   i can come up with worse ones from the bible . 
  go ahead from the new testament . 
  if you can find a single worse one in the new testament , i will concede your point . 
   but i can also come up with some of the basic and base commands , like `` love your neighbor '' or for islam , with `` only god can take somebody 's life '' , `` do n't harm innocents '' etc. 
  it is about what somebody wants to do with these books , and religion - there are people around that are justing their horrible actions as implementing that they are bringing their religion 's just , that 's the main problem . 
  i wo n't go on a theological debate , mostly because i do n't really care about theology much , but i will say here that most of islam 's cuddly passages come from much earlier in the qu ` ran and are contradicted latter on which , under the rule of [ naskh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naskh_ ( tafsir \\ ) ) , makes them invalid . 
   you can find similar ones in christianity about stoning children to death . 
  then you could make a valid argument ( which many have and it is valid ) that christianity is not as peaceful as it seems , not that islam is peaceful !, 
  although i will add that almost all violent notes in christianity come from the old testament rather than jesus and the new testament . 
   anyway , the point is that in almost all religions they 've acknowledged somewhat that values change with time and thus look for metaphorical interpretations rather than literal ones , which is what most muslims do . 
  but most muslims * do n't * do that , which is the problem . 
  the majority of muslims , including those in western countries , believe in the mainstream islam which is as literal as it gets . 
  outside of western countries , the literal rules of islam are heavily enforced in the majority of muslims countries . 
  i just do n't see how one can say that muslims take islam metaphorically when an obvious majority act literally on its teachings as far as they can get away with . 
  please take a look at those quotes i added . 
  this is part of the latter parts of the qu ` ran that * all * muslims , of all sects , use . 
  i can add a few more . 
  i will edit some more in this post . 
  edit :  quran ( 9:5 ) - `` so when the sacred months have passed away , then slay the idolaters wherever you find them , and take them captive and besiege them and lie in wait for them in every ambush , then if they repent and keep up prayer and pay the poor-rate , leave their way free to them . '', 
   quran ( 9:14 ) - `` fight against them so that allah will punish them by your hands and disgrace them and give you victory over them and heal the breasts of a believing people . '', 
   quran ( 9:29 ) - `` fight those who believe not in allah nor the last day , nor hold that forbidden which hath been forbidden by allah and his messenger , nor acknowledge the religion of truth , ( even if they are ) of the people of the book , until they pay the jizya with willing submission , and feel themselves subdued . '', 
   quran ( 9:30 ) - `` and the jews say : ezra is the son of allah ; and the christians say : the messiah is the son of allah ; these are the words of their mouths ; they imitate the saying of those who disbelieved before ; may allah destroy them ; how they are turned away ! '', 
  i can add way more too . 
  muhammad himself was a warlord ( meaning he commanded an army he created and used to invade almost all neighboring states ) that would regularly mass slaughter any non-muslim . 
  i ca n't possibly see how islam 's not violent . 
  and how should we act when islam , as a religion , promotes mass killings ( which it does ) ? 
  most of its followers do n't do that , naturally , but some , as evidenced by tonight , do . 
  religions , all of them , are archaic and vestigial in today 's society . 
  that we have to tremble and have these massacres today is absurd . 
  this is n't the 16th century any more . 
  europe has had 300 years of religious peace and this happens now ... edit : to give some of those quotes promoting violence  quran ( 2:191 -193 ) `` and kill them wherever you find them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out .
