  why would we do that ? 
  we already can speak the current de facto language . 
  maybe in 50 years , the de facto language will shift . 
  why bind us to this language ? 
   being able to communicate without learning 30 languages would be an advantage . 
  and we ca n't do that already ? 
  every country speaks its own language ? 
   english how about no . 
  lordi was so fucking good too . 
  finland is fun like that . 
  you sure beat the crap out of that strawman !, 
  * nobody * here said you guys are doing fine and are n't in crisis . 
  what i said , which is objectively true , is that spain is on a very clear path to recovery from the crisis . 
  while unemployment is still very high , it is dropping now instead of rising . 
  while the industry dropped dramatically , now it started to recover etc these are undisputable facts . 
  if you have a problem with reality , look to yourself . 
  every data shows otherwise . 
  objectively , you are better off than a year ago . 
  i was eating , sorry for the late response . 
  here http://www.thespanisheconomy.com/stfls/tse/ficheros/2013/agosto/150220_spanish_external_sector_facts_and_figures.pdf exports are rising , gdp is rising , unemployment is dropping close to a year now and there is a very clear positive trend . 
  the website also has the rest of official economic indicator data http://www.thespanisheconomy.com/portal/site/tse/menuitem.efbc5feeac2b3957b88f9b10026041a0/?vgnextoid=b1fd7e7b61b7f310vgnvcm1000002006140arcrd all of them have a positive outlook . 
  your personal anecdotes are irrelevant to the discussion . 
  all the indicators for spain show a clear recovery currently . 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  what do you think are the primary flaws of the eu ? 
  do you support any particular fix for them ? 
  hello , thank you for doing this ama !, 
  what is your stance on the eu ? 
  do you consider yourself pro-eu or euro sceptic ? 
  are you a federalist ? 
  do you think any arguments from your opposing view have merit ? 
  historically , the right of self determination of people 's trumples the right to territorial integrity . 
  territorial integrity applies to foreign threats , not internal disputes . 
  the catalans have a right to a referendum . 
  if the majority , in a democratic vote , vote to stay in , you have the right to keep your territorial integrity and also uphold the self-determination of the majority . 
  personally , i think catalonia will be better off inside spain , but denying them their right to a referendum is counter-productive and potentially illegal under international law . 
  why ? 
  i mean , i understand the outrage over cameron 's little accusation , but the point of the outrage ( if proven , which it currently is n't by any means ) should be on his hypocrisy when he eg banned certain kinds of porn while he facefucked a pig . 
  whom he fucks , in itself , should n't matter . 
   punish the wealthy let me expand on that , because honestly , the more i read about the man the crazier i think he is . 
  he wants to fully tax any income above a certain point ( as in , 100 % tax ) and also wants to implement a `` wage cap '' so nobody can have a wage above a certain amount . 
  that 's literally the worst suggestion i have ever heard by a supposedly serious politican . 
  france put an 80 % tax on only the ultra-wealthy and it was almost never implemented and it still managed to halve the income from taxes out of those people since a large amount of them moved out of the country ( mostly to belgium ) . 
  a 100 % tax as well as a wage cap would kill any large investment in the country and destroy london as the financial capital of the world . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falkland_islands_sovereignty_referendum,_2013  on a turnout of 91.94 % , an overwhelming 99.8 % voted to remain a british territory , with only three votes against the people of falkland want to stay in the uk . 
  corbyn has no right to violate their right to stay in the uk over some bullshit thatcher hateboner . 
  which makes the uk conservatives a firmly centre right party . 
  they are conservative . 
  proper , centre right conservative . 
  conservativism is related to other political parties in the same country . 
  hell , even if we judge according to european standards , conservatives are a pretty vanilla centre right party . 
  i have no idea on which grounds you can dispute that . 
  is anyone else getting a paywall request for the telegraph ? 
  can you post the contents of the article op ? 
  i ca n't see the article behind the paywall . 
  do n't feed the troll mate . 
  beethoven was rightful austrian damnit !, 
  damn sneaky germans trying to claim austrian artistic talent !, 
  er ... but as reasonable human beings , we know the pyramids do n't aid in resurrection , which does make them a waste . 
  i wanted to add that i agree the fence does n't create jobs , but neither did the pyramids . 
  the broken window falacy applies to anything that does n't have an economic multiplier effect or is a repair . 
  example of the fallacy not being valid : building roads example of the fallacy being valid : repairing roads ( in the sense of someone saying ` if the road did n't break , these people repairing it would n't have jobs ! ' ), 
  gas the et 's intergalactic war now we must secure the existence of our species and a place for earthling children . 
  i can tell you for a fact that very often `` contract workers '' are not highly skilled or even skilled at all . 
  i work in a company that , if you look at it , you would think would only hire high skilled workers , but that is n't true . 
  we have a contract for over 100 janitors . 
  i doubt even a single one of them speaks english ( i am currently in canada ) . 
   but the contractor companies are usually a lot smaller than the companies they service . 
  a lot smaller does n't necessarily mean `` small '' . 
  yeah , often times , companies that do contracts are global conglomerates . 
  but the contractor companies themselves often have more than 10.000 people working out as contracts . 
  do n't underestimate how big they are . 
   if a big client drops them because they have been importing people from poland who are n't taught german by their government , they would lose a lot more . 
  the companies have a way to communicate what kind of skill they are looking for . 
  they do n't necessarily say `` i want illegal workers for this one '' , but they do , essentially , say `` i do n't give a shit what kind of skills this one has . 
  i just need a body that can move x weight '' . 
  if they are looking for specific skills , they ask for specific skills , that includes speaking the local language . 
  contracting and subcontracting is standard practice in larger corporations mate . 
  it 's not something weird or unusual . 
  the way contracts work , the company does not lie when it says `` that 's the contractor 's fault '' . 
  the contractors are already paid for bringing people to the company so they are incentivized to bring on the cheapest available , which are often illegal immigrants , especially for unskilled labour . 
  no they are n't . 
  they do n't identify as romanian and romanians do n't identify them as romanians . 
  they are not romanian . 
  they are roma . 
  most of them do n't even have romanian citizenship . 
   hey hey , do n't get carried away , this is not at all the established way in which democracies vote . 
  i am not aware of a single european country in which the population chooses the government there are plenty of countries which incorporate some direct democracy elements . 
  greece with the preference vote is one of them . 
   with the commision is the same , except that the official candidate of the winning party ( juncker ) did n't have full powers to choose and the commissioners were not meps . 
  i think someone , who was at no stage elected , becoming a representative is a huge issue . 
  when greece was in the middle of crisis and nd and pasok united to get that bureaucrat who was never elected as pm , even though it lasted only a few months , i called it an unelected dictatorship back then because , in my opinion , it was . 
  and i actually vote for nd . 
  a state , or organization , can never claim to be of the people , a democratic institution , when it can appoint people who were at no stage elected and do n't have to be accountable to anyone but their `` boss '' to , supposedly , represent the population in country-wide ( or in this case , even worse , union-wide ) issues . 
  maybe the eu will reform . 
  maybe germany will stop bullying smaller countries . 
  maybe we will get a system that makes the eu more federal and respects the wishes of smaller countries to an acceptable level . 
  but it currently does n't . 
  i was n't born as a eurosceptic . 
  i grew to be that because the current eu is a failure .
