  oh , and then drag that country 's name through the mud because a bankrupt country ca n't provide a 5 star hotel accommodation to an illegal immigrant mass that is more than 5 % of its population . 
  boy do i love the eu !, 
  i do n't like illegal immigration either , but can we refrain from misusing the word `` terrorism '' ? 
  our politicians are already doing that enough . 
  the illegals do n't have as a goal to scare/terrorize the locals . 
  they are not terrorists by any reasonable definition . 
  or when the usa decided not to nuke china in the 1950s or when many political leaders decided to step down peacefully instead of plunging their country into chaos and so on and so forth . 
  hell , a good argument can be made that every political agreement that does n't fully satisfy all parties ( aka 99.99 % of such deals ) are all based on pragmatism . 
  where would any democracy be without such deals ? 
  principles are good and should guide your actions but never dictate and force them . 
  but still ca n't into nordic :\\ ^ ), 
  er ... if you do n't look the same as your dad , you have witnessed evolution . 
  we have even carefully observed macroevolution , if that 's what you mean . 
  [ here you go mate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/e._coli_long-term_evolution_experiment ), 
  [ it was their fault !, 
  they trusted a swede !, 
  ] ( https://billedarsenalet.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/svensken_er_ond.jpeg ), 
   show me what you would do 1 ) close borders , do n't accept any new immigrants 2 ) strong hand our way into africa , china-style and introduce many industries thus providing a huge economic boom , like it happened in china . 
  force those local leaders to be too dependent on the west to try to shit on their own people . 
  there you go , use capitalism for good instead of decrying it and then offering no solutions . 
  jesus , say what you will about immigration but this is absurdly unfair to local lithuanians . 
  offer them your internet too . 
  i know i would stick around !, 
  either you are trolling or retarded . 
  either way , not gon na bother . 
  if something shares a name does n't make it the same ... 
  yeah ... kinda worrying is an understatement . 
  if greece was a car , this would be the car running on fumes and the fumes just running out . 
  and why is that a bad thing ? 
  the people who support his party clearly want him . 
  he offered his resignation , as promised , and it was rejected . 
  why on earth should he take a strong stand against his own party 's wishes on this ? 
  honestly , it is all fun and games until kosovo happens . 
  i like albanians and i am rather forward about that . 
  you guys were good immigrants and pretty industrious buuuuuut jesus guys , 20th century 's over , ca n't we colonize space for extra clay or something ? 
  and that 's why i am one of the greeks that likes albanians :\\ ^ ), 
   the previous government would have followed these orders and bent the knee , not going to happen with syriza though . 
  i have to question that considering the agreement for the pipeline was finalized under samara 's government . 
  if the majority of britons want a brexit , a brexit should happen . 
  if the majority of britons want to stay in the eu , britain should stay in the eu . 
  a referendum is a good thing and should have happened in the first place when they escalated their involvement with the eu . 
  that goes for all eu countries , really . 
  no , they are against the eu because they know they ca n't limit the movement on workers within the eu . 
  simple , really . 
  according to the bbc poll , the tories mps will be 316 actually . 
  queue extreme butthurt from labour folks . 
  it will be glorious . 
  on a separate issue , just want to point out how fucking retarded snp getting 56-58 seats ( as predicted ) while ukip , who got similar vote % country wide , only gets 2 because their votes are spread out . 
  fptp is such an utterly terrible system . 
  democracy , after all , is only right when everyone agrees with me . 
  also , if ukip is far right , i am the queen of england . 
  true finns in government ? 
  huh , this will be interesting . 
  [ you got me ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/120621013921-euro-2012-samaras-greece-00001707-story-top.jpg ), 
  yep . 
  we all say we got a problem with too many professionals . 
  well , lower population solves that . 
  also , while 70 is extremely old if you worked in a factory in china , 70 is just fine if you are a doctor in europe . 
  i do n't personally see the population reduction as a big threat that needs to be solved for at least another century . 
  in fact , i wish the rest of the world could follow suit . 
  no ... it does n't . 
  the relevant part of the article is :  no ; after seven years , the unemployment rate was lower and wages were at their previous levels . 
  this is because there is n't a fixed number of jobs to go around , and new arrivals create additional demand for others ' work . 
  the labor influx also stimulated an investment boom that soon restored wages . 
  that ignores 2 extremely important factors : 1 ) the eastern european immigration was during one of the biggest economic booms in history and , as the article states  that soon restored wages . 
  and indeed , every statistical analysis showed that low-skill immigration * did * impact low skill job wages . 
  not much of a shocker , but hey , i am surprised this propaganda piece even admits that much . 
  2 ) most of the immigration ( with a few exceptions ) was done legally and with proper procedures . 
  it was n't a free for all . 
  most states had specific requirements to enter ( such as no criminal history ) and many times required specific skills which , again , was possible because of the economic boom . 
  the article itself provides no evidence on why it would create job besides a blanket axiom of `` it does '' ignoring all context . 
  think i 'll pass , thanks . 
  the first days are important . 
  syriza even said they are important . 
  obviously , i do n't expect greece to become a healthy and bull economy in 100 days , but first steps * are * expected . 
  they failed to take those steps , so i think my judgement is fair . 
  i think i have made my position clear from the start : i despised them when they got elected ( and got downvoted to oblivion ) , despised them when the circlejerk against them started ( which made my comments the top comments in half the threads ) and despise them now . 
  ( which mostly causes 10 comments arguing with each at at the -2 to +3 range ) also , their politics aside , they have objectively * failed * . 
  they did * not * manage to renegotiate a new deal . 
  they did * not * manage to make europe see things from our perspective ( quite the opposite , actually ) . 
  the situation has not gotten in any way , shape or form better . 
  they have not helped the economy get back into any semblance of track . 
  the poor have not gotten any measures aimed ( and actually ) helping them and , while the tax and corruption reform talks are nice , nothing has been implemented yet . 
  yes . 
  the chances of the baby dying are less in dry land than in the middle of the mediterranean sea . 
  i am not entirely sure how you can argue otherwise . 
  she is so brave to volunteer her child for a likely death . 
  yes , she made a completely moronic choice with extreme disregard for everyone involved . 
  glad you agree with my point . 
  and you derived that statement from the fact that she put the child in extreme danger by crossing a high-mortality rate trip while still pregnant ? 
  her actions show she does n't give a shit . 
  simple as that . 
  edit : wording, 
  yes , the first thing i think of someone attempting a trip while 9 months pregnant instead of waiting another month is `` this person is utterly selfless '' . 
  lol, 
  i think i said that in some other thread in the past , but here is what romanians should do : romanians claim caesar was romanian and the roman empire was actually the romanian empire . 
  then italy will get offended at that and start a diplomatic war . 
  then the rest of europe can make fun of it by saying that europe was ruled by gypsies thus properly offending both italians and romanians . 
  it 's a flawless plan . 
  or , alternatively , how much of a fuck she does n't give about anyone but herself ?
