  yeah , i am aware . 
  racism is heavily downvoted in this sub . 
  not in my experience . 
  racism is downvoted in this sub . 
   which we already know about which is why it 's so laughable that you 're trying to argue against it , is much more than that . 
  i would like to see proof of that . 
  the mods in this very thread state that the issue is much more complex than that . 
  nobody * has * to choose between / r/european and / r/europe . 
  they can be regular posters for both . 
  someone posting in / r/european does n't mean he is automatically a brigader here . 
  i personally dislike / r/european a lot but saying they keep brigading in massive numbers is absurd . 
  so yes , i deny it . 
  provide proof to the opposite . 
  your word is not good enough . 
   that was an example of how many could brigade the comments and steer any discussion in the narrative they want for this , let 's assume that this `` 20-50 people brigade '' is a thing . 
  how can that completely steer discussion in any way they want ? 
  if that was simply the case , why would n't other channels and views try to do the same ? 
  most major daily threads reach easily 500 upvotes , many times more than that . 
  50 people ( the upper limit of what you stated ) is 10 % of that . 
  even without them , the threads would easily be in the front page . 
  what makes you believe that this `` brigade '' has such major impact on discourse ? 
  that 's a completely absurd assertion . 
  even if `` 20-50 '' people brigade ( which in itself is stretching it by a ton ) , then there are 450 people from here upvoting the thread , even if nobody downvoted it ( which is not the case ) . 
  i completely fail to see how this consistent , multi-year ` brigade ' would work . 
  95 % upvote rate in this thread , i feel , is a proof that the absolutely vast majority of this subreddit want to discuss immigration in individual threads . 
  the top threads of the day usually get about 500 upvotes . 
  these occasionally are immigration threads . 
  the end really . 
  almost all threads in the front page are about 500 points . 
  it would be weird if they * were n't * about 500 points . 
  perfectly average means it 's not a brigade ( or a major event ) . 
  i believe in democracy even when i disagree with the leadership . 
  i would revolt the moment somebody tried to change the system into a dictatorship of any kind . 
  if that makes me a neo-nazi , i am proud of it . 
  yes . 
  i think more than 2 topics on a subject can be classicified as `` spam '' and directed to existing threads . 
  that is a pretty easy and clear rule which does n't leave much room for subjectivity . 
  the megathread was a bad idea from the start and quite untenable ( since someone had to actually do the full work every time ) . 
  removing spam threads is much easier and more streamlined . 
  it can also be much easier to divide between mods . 
  it 's not asking , it 's warning . 
  they will be removing flood threads for the same issue . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  eh , it 's not possible to eliminate racism from ... anywhere , really . 
  even srs has the occasional person who will mention how x of race should behave that way or they are race traitors . 
  the idea is to supress as much racism as possible without suppressing ideas . 
  that 's a hard balance but i think the mod team took a right step today . 
  they wo n't agree because the issue is not an economic one , it 's a political one . 
  obviously it can be solved with more debt relief and strict discipline , the problem is that the eu simply ca n't trust us to fullfill our end of the bargain enough to try to sell the idea to their voters . 
  ay ya cunt , ill fok u up real gud , fite me 1v1 , no items , final destination . 
  my understanding of it is that being racist is bannable but stating ideas ( even if the ideas can be racist ) is not . 
  so , for example : `` fucking sandmonkeys should get out of europe '' = banned `` i do n't believe europe should accept non-white immigrants '' = not banned , but probably downvoted to hell a mod can correct me if i am wrong . 
  [ comrade sent to reeducation camp ], 
   end of the immigration megathreads yes  please refrain from agenda pushing : defined as an account which frequently and consistently submits articles on one subject , especially a controversial one . 
   please refrain from topic flooding : if the front page contains numerous articles on one topic , please do not post any more unless it significantly adds to the conversation . 
  very good , nobody likes flooding anyway . 
   we feel the use of automoderator shadowbans has got out of hand . 
  we will be immediately removing all shadowbans and using them more sparingly in the future . 
   we will also be removing over 1000 regular subreddit bans which were overzealous . 
  i trust that these were thought through . 
  if there are some legit trolls unbanned , they will be swiftly banned again anyway . 
   racism and personal attacks on redditors are still banned , but we will be relaxing the moderation of people engaging in conversation that is critical without being racist . 
  thank fuck . 
   we will also stop removing comments that criticise the mod team directly . 
  this is unconstructive . 
  likewise meta-threads about the subreddit are also allowed from the community . 
  thank.fuck . 
  great changes guys . 
  will we have a moderator q&a now that the new changes are through ? 
  canadians are n't real people . 
  nope . 
  just stopped posting in russia threads . 
  what would be a more plausible cause ? 
  who gave weapons to isis and iraqi forces that were so poorly trained that they retreated instantly ? 
  who gave weapons to terrorists opposing assad ? 
  who caused that stable middle eastern nation to collapse into a 5 years war ? 
  who invaded iraq ? 
  who invaded afghanistan ? 
  i am not in the anti-american train , i quite like americans , but their foreign policy is shit and has caused most of the problems . 
  well duh . 
  obviously . 
  i would be more interested what specific events led him to leaving . 
  did someone come by his place to promote going to europe ? 
  were there specific pressures that lead him to decide to come to europe ? 
  people do n't randomly travel to the other end of the world , even if it has a higher gdp . 
  excellent . 
  there was a relevant discussion a couple of weeks back i had with the mods . 
  unfortunately , it never came to be because vacations . 
  please try to organize it as soon as possible . 
  i am one of the people who like the mod team but i think you guys should probably do the damn mega-meta-thread already :p, 
  agreed but i believe that would have been done far better in a meta thread : / if last night 's was bad for whatever reason , why not make a mod one and discuss it properly and orderly ? 
  they are n't afraid of asking hard questions though . 
  if you find an economic immigrant , asking him the reasoning of why he left , what led to the decision and who urged him would be very useful information . 
  how is the way its being discussed `` problematic '' ? 
  if you mean that as a basis , the discussion is n't pro-immigration , that is n't problematic . 
  yeah , anyone that does n't like immigrant riots is a far right asshole who is additionally brigading . 
  i have no clue the situation was that bad . 
  shit 's really not a good thing . 
  the difference is one can be sold as * we are protecting our borders * and the other will be * we are keeping pure innocent refugees escaping from war , famine and disease out *, 
  that ... sounds dangerously close to an economic arguement and i am very tired mate .
