  that 's absurd . 
  these stickies * ca n't * have a discussion . 
  the very fact they are stickies and divisive combined with the how the reddit layout for comments is makes sure of that . 
  me and a couple of others trying to force one would make no difference . 
  it 's much better to show my continued displeasure with this until it is changed . 
  please stop spamming this crap . 
  i initially was posted in the borders and everything was '' \u03c0\u03c1\u03bf\u03b2\u03bb\u03b5\u03c0\u03ad '' ( rules strictly enforced ) . 
  a couple of months down the line i realized i had n't woken up by myself not even once during the whole time and was constantly too tired to think . 
  i think that was kinda the point there since they did that on purpose ( as in , they flat out banned sleep in the off time even if you had nothing to do ) . 
  got transferred 6 months down the line close to athens and was far more humane though . 
  the first part though i was so sleepless that i did n't even realize how the time passed . 
  like , if you asked me if anything happened in my guard duty last night i would honestly not remember . 
  when i was in the army , i just saw it as a civic duty . 
  i have no delusions about what we did but , honestly , we need as a country to be `` slaves '' for 12 months . 
  kinda like paying taxes . 
  nobody likes it but it is needed ( in our case ) . 
  yeah , i know it as a jew joke too . 
  no ... you have n't with me . 
  certainly not in the megathreads . 
  i just double checked my post history to make sure . 
   apparently the guys who care that much about immigration arent as active as thought . 
  if you solely care about that issue , there are other subs for it . 
  i explained in a bit more detail why the stickies inherently kill discussion [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3f1uh6/immigration_megathread_part_iii/ctkus6j ) and thanks !, 
   anything to keep the right wing trash in their place . 
  please fuck off already . 
  one would think the fact that literally no discussion has taken place since the sticky posts 3 days ago would be self-evidence of that , no ? 
  i understand greek , can speak greek , write greek and sing very badly in greek too \u03ac\u03bc\u03b1 \u03c7\u03c1\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1\u03c3\u03c4\u03b5\u03af . 
  maybe you should read the article more carefully . 
  what do you think he meant when he said that he intended to follow the troika program , for example ? 
  the troika program specifically had directories for cutting certain pensions and reducing the public sector spending by firing people and forcing early retirements with no hiring . 
   i 've seen about as much actual discussion in this thread as i have in all the various submissions of the past few months . 
  look . 
  i understand you guys get lots of people yelling at you and the original thread had a sizable brigade from our `` sister-who-we-are-not-really-talking-to-since-she-put-a-nazi-flag-in-the-garden sub '' however , do n't you realise with this that , what you are essentially saying is , that you have n't seen much discussion * you * cared about/liked in the past few months ? 
  there is an easy and quick fix for that and it is generally not checking the threads , which is absolutely fine . 
  filters would also work . 
  currently , european newspaper front-page issues are not being discussed in this sub at all . 
  how is that a success in any way ? 
  to whom is the front page `` nicer '' to ? 
  obviously not the users considering the constant backlass towards the containment threads . 
   the point of this thread was to give some place for immigration to be discussed , as much as it ever was truly discussed , whilst allowing discussion of other topics to flourish as well . 
  it seems to be working very effectively in that effect . 
  as people have pointed out much better than me in the past few threads : megathreads do n't work like that . 
  stickies have the amazing feature of generally getting less discussion than normal threads since they are usually reserved for announcements . 
  when i was a forum mod in the past it was common knowledge that stickying something was the surest way to kill discussion in it . 
  i assume you know that too . 
  this system also has a ton of problems inherent to reddit . 
  discussions , even good ones , are burried in reddit due to the way comments are presented and are generally best for 2-3 people . 
  if that was not the case , why even allow multiple threads in this sub and not have a megasticky with the top stories posted every day ? 
   if you want to discuss immigration more without megthreads , then i invite you to go to / r/euromigration , which will be more to your desires . 
  again , why not make a / r/europerussia too and send everyone who wants to talk about rusisa there ? 
  a / r/europegreece and send everyone talking about the crisis there ? 
  why is this discussion different than those ? 
  what was the reasoning behind this besides `` we did n't like the discussion going on '' ? 
   so was samaras ' and new democracy 's . 
  would you object to them being called pro-austerity too ? 
  no because that was n't what they were trying to do . 
  samaras and nd actively supported an austerity deal with the eu with a few alterations . 
  that 's very different from the way more radical stance of syriza for a complete redrafting and extensive debt relief . 
  come on , are we gon na go on circles on the same thing ? 
   samaras and new democracy by accepting austerity did n't do what they like\u03b4 ( cut taxes , increase pensions and let the `` fiscal multiplier '' provide explosive growth to the economy , this was their plan as they outlined it numerous times before the 2012 elections ) but rather what they had to do to keep the country in the eurozone . 
  samaras and nd , as with everyone ( including me ) do n't `` like '' to cut pensions and social security . 
  they want to implement the , in their opinion , needed austerity though , as a central political goal . 
  that includes cutting pensions and social security . 
  also , did you read the article ? 
  he specifically said he did n't want to implement * new * taxes . 
  the whole article you linked proves my point . 
  can you please stop this thing with the megathread ? 
  do you see any discussion going on here ? 
  have you seen any discussion go on in any of the 3 threads ? 
  please , revert this decision . 
  it was a terrible idea to begin with and , even in practice , it obviously failed . 
  that is * not * syrizas rhetoric . 
  their rhetoric for the longest time was that a renegotiated deal with reforms would be feasible . 
  we almost went bankrupt , in case you did n't notice , fighting tooth and nail against the inevitable austerity package . 
  syriza , by accepting austerity and not having us leave the eu is n't as much doing what they believe in ( which would define them as an `` pro-austerity party '' ) but rather what they must do in order to stay in the eu . 
   when pasok was elected in 2009 and when new democracy was elected in 2012 they had all sorts of plans , except enforcing austerity . 
  pasok sure , but new democracy ? 
  they specifically said they wanted to continue with the austerity with a few alterations to ease certain sectors . 
  i would love to see a source stating otherwise . 
  it 's not a matter of supporting austerity in itself . 
  it 's more of a matter of believing austerity , as a means to an end , is a good thing . 
  i think it is fair to say that , f.ex. , pasok and nd today are pro-austerity because they believe it a ) will work and b ) is the only way for us to stay in the eurozone . 
  in short , they willingly implemented austerity unlike syriza who had to be threatened to accept the terms . 
  it 's a huge difference . 
  i think calling syriza `` very pro-austerity '' is a completely false and that comes from someone who actively supports austerity . 
  syriza has been forced crying and screaming to adopt the austerity package . 
  that 's not a sign of them being `` pro '' it . 
  clever `` gotcha '' moment . 
  it will be a relief in the upcoming nuclear winter for sure . 
  indeed , so pissing at each other by providing an army for an enemy country or , better yet , giving them * nukes * is not the brightest of ideas in my earnest opinion . 
  daily post on these daily threads to state that this is : - censorship . 
  - detrimental to good discussion in the subreddit . 
  - throwing a problem under the rug . 
  i hope you will soon revert this decision . 
  discussion is already dead . 
  if your goal is to silence people talking about the topic , good job but please be clear so i can leave the sub . 
  `` let 's start a nuclear war i say !, 
  what could possibly go bad !? '', 
  my god of preference is artemis . 
  maybe because christians are by far the most persecuted minorities there since the jews left and there is a terrorist organization that casually beheads `` infidels '' running amok in the area ?
