  getting to hygge with a local is not always easy : in denmark even crowded buses can be eerily silent . 
  danes have a reputation for aloofness . 
  a recent report on the quality of life for expatriates in 67 countries , compiled by an organisation called internations , bears this out . 
  denmark 's own natives may rank it top for happiness , but the immigrants in the survey ranked it 60th in terms of friendliness , 64th for being made to feel welcome , and 67th for the ease of finding friends . 
  finishing just ahead of denmark on the finding-friends measure was norway , the country from which the danes imported the word hygge . 
  if cultures are obsessed with the joys of relaxing with old friends , perhaps it is because they find it stressful to make new ones . 
  that 's not up to us . 
  these are default reddit settings and we ca n't change em . 
  you can browse removed stuff by their tags , however . 
  that 's a bloody absurd notion of `` multiculturalism '' . 
  israel is multicultural . 
  there are jews there from slavic countries , western countries , arab countries , ethiopia , china and so on . 
  no , they do n't take random immigrants from islamic countries . 
  that does n't mean they are not multicultural . 
  why would that even be relevant ? 
  nope . 
  neither are . 
  we just gave examples of the most commonly posted ones . 
  nobody posts the sun and assumes it will stay . 
  well , no offence , but if you feel judged because i hold a position on a moral issue , that sounds like a you problem . 
  either i am too tired or you are not making sense right now because what you just wrote is nonsensical and completely disconnected by what we were talking about to me . 
  i am not using any moral high ground . 
  i never wanted to bring it up . 
  you specifically asked me . 
  you ca n't bloody say i am claiming a moral high ground when you ask me that question . 
  no it is not . 
  that there need to be charities like \u03a7\u03b1\u03bc\u03cc\u03b3\u03b5\u03bb\u03bf \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5 \u03c0\u03b1\u03b9\u03b4\u03b9\u03bf\u03cd is , frankly , a fucking disgrace on my country . 
  these kids should have everything the charities provides and way more than that by default and it should not be expected of private individuals to make up the failings of the state . 
  that is n't to say volunteers are n't doing great jobs , they are . 
  but my positions is that they are a band aid , not the solution , which should be states actually taking orphan welfare seriously . 
  that would do 1000 times more than any charity work would . 
  before i answer your question , i would like to state that the only thing i would need to do to be moral in my answer is say : i paid all my taxes . 
  i have paid all my taxes . 
  in all the countries i have lived , including greece ( and they really do n't want you to pay all your taxes it seems like ... ) . 
  charities is not how society should work . 
  we are not savages and have things called `` state care '' which are funded through taxes . 
  -------- but , to actually answer your question . 
  i have never been a charity guy for various reason but i have volunteered in a single charity for over a year and donate regularly to . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_smile_of_the_child i have a soft spot for kids but that is strictly a private thing . 
  again , i do n't think anything i say requires any kind of volunteering to be consistent . 
  the only thing one should be doing to hold the position i do is pay his taxes because that 's how the systems work . 
  edit : i should note , i am not a typical greek though . 
  i was different in that i am wealthy ( and have spare income to give to charities ) and also i volunteered during my highschool but i did not go through the greek system and finished ib instead which highly encouraged volunteer work . 
  in the majority of cases , you will not find greeks who have done the same and for good reasons . 
  er , read what i just wrote ? 
  i explicitly stated what money/support should be given to orphans . 
  we are not in the 6th century with kids in the streets . 
  we have a system for taking care of orphans/kids up for adoption/kids in the system . 
  that 's where the money should go to go to the kids . 
  you mean spending cash ? 
  none before the age of 16 or so . 
  i do think they should have the the equivalent life of a middle class person inside the system though . 
  that should include their own private room of a reasonable size ( enough for a bed , desk , bookcase and wardrobe at least ) , healthy and high quality dinners daily , going to school with the rest of their peers etc then when they go to college , they should get absolutely free college education ( in countries where that is n't the default ) + a large-ish stipend ( about minimum wage ) during their college years . 
  obviously you ca n't do everything , especially some emotional things needed from parents , but materially you can provide that and we should . 
  edit : plus , if you want my more complete opinion , i outlined it in a different part of this thread . 
  check my history . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  why is `` a brain '' the definition of a person ? 
  there is no objective medical measurement of what makes one a person or not . 
  we know two things : a ) that it is human . 
  b ) that will grow up to be a full human much like you and me , with a brain , a liver and the rest . 
  in combination , it simply means it is a human in a different stage of development . 
  much like babies can barely use their brain , have almost no cognitive skills and so on but they are still human . 
  you presume here the system will be as is today . 
  you also presume that i simply want to ban abortion and not change anything to help support such mothers . 
  unlike what the user above said , i am extremely strongly against `` ignoring them at birth '' . 
  i think , even before banning abortion , there need to be severe changes to the following things : - social support programs for single mothers and mothers in general - adoption programs and state care of children - benefits for mothers basically , fund each vastly more than they are funded today ( in fact , i think motherhood should be as funded as things like healthcare and the army ) . 
  being a mother should be , at worst , neutral on your economics . 
  if you do n't want to be a mother , giving the baby up for adoption should be trivial . 
  so your assumption that a person who bears a child should automatically have to drop out of her college and have her life ruined is kinda false in my case . 
  ----- now , i give it to you that many who are pro-life do n't support these things . 
  these people are fucking morons , quite frankly . 
  they also tend to be religious fundamentalist types ( i am an atheist ) and have this position ` cuz god ' . 
  that is strictly not my position . 
  besides the moral stance on my part ( and it is a moral stance for me above anything else ) i do think this attitude towards children and abortion ( have them then society will pay for them ) will hugely help western societies . 
  just think how much it costs to integrate immigrants into our society . 
  now imagine the same costs but for actual babies born here , raised in us . 
  we would have about the same expenditure without any ghetos or tensions . 
  i think it is a great deal personally . 
  yes , it 's bad either case , i agree . 
  but we have to consider how bad each is . 
  i think killing an innocent embryo vs ( heavily , not denying that ) inconveniencing someone for 9 months clearly tilts towards saving the life . 
  how the fuck would you know that ? 
  why do you assume that ? 
  nor can two year olds yet we ca n't kill them . 
  the embryo is a human being who will grow up to be a human with rational thought . 
  we , as a society , have to make the positive choices for her/him while s/he is still an embryo . 
  i do n't think death is preferable to life for innocent people . 
  yes , the baby ( on average ) will have a harder life but i do n't think any sane individual would choose death over hardship . 
  if we would n't make that choice , why would the embryo do it ? 
  i am not talking permanent damage ( which is another discussion ) . 
  i mean , for example , having to be bed ridden for a few months . 
  which is sometimes the case without direct threat to the mother ( threat is to the embryo most often ) . 
   if that were the case these politicians would allow it in the case of a mothers life being threatened . 
  that is my position too . 
  if the embryo is a huge danger due to complications , abortion should be available . 
  but some stretch it too much . 
  it has to be actually life threatening and not simply inconveniencing . 
  but i do n't think abortion should be available due to rape . 
  understand that the reason we are pro-life is because we believe the embryo to be a full human being ( and thus has full human being rights ) like the rest of us .
