   so the fact that italy is part of isaf for instance is n't enough ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  why the fuck would it be enough ? 
   eu countries are supporting or even lead ( like in libya ) such actions for decades . 
  the libya situation was extremely complicated . 
  for one , for example , most people did n't want to have yet another genocide that europe just stood by and let happen . 
  and italy never took direct part of that , so yes , it absolutely is not responsible for that, 
  grass fed too !, 
  by breaking the law and entering a country without proper pappers and procedure , if i had to take a wild guess . 
  it really depends on the camp here . 
  i changed camps twice ( one was the training camp that everyone moved from ) . 
  training camp was a `` who gives a shit '' place . 
  everyone was drunk , run around doing stupid shit etc. 
  at least we did n't have guns issued to us then . 
  then the 2nd camp was super fucking serious all the time because it was a border camp . 
  never allowed to order food . 
  alcohol verbotten , never sleep unless it is a sleeping hour because we were supposed to be on alert or some shit . 
  last camp was inside the capital , so it was again a `` do whatever the fuck you like '' one . 
  took me a while to get used to that kind of freedom ( and not being on the verge of collapse from sleeplessness all the time ) again . 
  it 's fucking weird . 
  i think it is just people who do n't like erdogan or turkey or something and just take it on the turks . 
  to be honest though , i have seen people on all sides of politics do that shit . 
  oh well , thanks for sharing mate :3, 
  which countries did italy bomb exactly ? 
  lol , why are you being downvoted ? 
  `` somebody shared with us a bit of his family history ? 
  better downvote him ! '', 
  i can look up photos of them being funded by putin ? 
  how is it for us ? 
  i presume since the new extremely evil and demonic and against human rights fence we set up + the bigger whole in italy 's borders , our immigration has dropped ? 
  my family 's history is a bit more complicated because of you guys . 
  my family actually originally came from morea and had quite a bit of land and wealth there . 
  we fled when it fell to the ottoman empire and ended up in epirus because it was semi-autonomous , especially in the mountain area . 
  so my family is there only for about 700 years . 
  can you provide a legitimate source for this claim ? 
  one that is n't from a ukrainian propaganda blog , if you may . 
  my village in epirus has a very tiny cemetery ( about 40 graves or so ) . 
  there is no fee but after 5 years the bodies do get excavated and the bones cleansed in acid and put in a huge catacomb beneath the church itself . 
  been there once when that happened to my great-uncle . 
  there was literally a mountain of bones . 
  it was quite amazing . 
  honestly , i could think of a worse place than being with literally all your ancestors going back about 1.000 years . 
  i prefer the term `` filthy heretic '' :\\ ^ ), 
  it is n't ? 
  poland is one of the most developed former-ssr countries and has an excellent human development index . 
  i mean , i know poles love to complain about how poland sucks ( < 3 ) , but realistically you guys are doing fantastic . 
  that is a terrible idea . 
  taxing assets instead of income would seriously incentivise hoarding instead of investing which would cause the economy to stall . 
  there is a reason why investing is so heavily encouraged in all developed economies . 
  while there could and should be better mental health support in europe , i do n't think alcoholism is something you can pin on the state . 
  i read the article . 
  i did miss that part . 
  apologies for that . 
  while a full body , loose black dress is typical of religious muslims , you are right , that alone should not be enough . 
  probably too far . 
  i retract my previous statement and off to sleep . 
  i am damn tired . 
  night . 
  that is a hijab ... like , [ stock photos ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/db/women_in_islam.jpg ) [ on wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hijab#/media/file:female_hijab_in_islam.jpg ) type hijab . 
  if you fail to see how that is religious ... well ... i do n't know what else to say to you . 
  i am absolutely in favour of the application of this law in this case if that was indeed the `` black dress '' . 
  we do n't know exactly what the dress was . 
  if somebody wore a burqa and called it a ninja outfit to bypass the law , it should still be banned . 
  just because he modified it a bit does n't mean it was n't worn with the intention of religious display . 
  the article does n't show a picture of the dress nor we have any such pictures , to the best of my knowledge . 
  we ca n't know for sure one way or the other * in this specific case * . 
  do notice i am not specifically supporting this specific ban . 
  i am saying it has precedent ( because it does ) and it is n't extraordinary in france ( because it is n't ) . 
  i have lived for quite a few years in quebec . 
  i understand the concept . 
  i also know for a fact there are laws that prohibit almost all religious garments and accessories in public places in france . 
  unless you show some counter-arguement to that , you are flat out wrong . 
  yes , long black dresses , crosses , stars of david , nun clothes and so on and so forth . 
  just because you are ignorant of the culture does n't mean it is absurd . 
  that was not germany . 
  it was the holy roman empire which was an entirely different beast . 
  it was also not a unified beast , not even in the loose sense of the word . 
  it even misses a few places . 
  bohemia , for example , was a kingdom within the hre . 
  also , there are missing the english territories in france . 
  calais , for example , was annexed by england in 1347 ad . 
  jesus , the more i look at it , the more mistakes i find . 
  all the russian states unified , which was absolutely not the case . 
  heck , at the time they were n't even really independent of the khanate . 
  if you are gon na unite leon and castile , why not aragon and naples , for example . 
  burgundy was technically a part of france , although in practice it acted semi-independent and it did not occupy that territory shown in 1350 . 
  the teutonic order did not integrate the baltic states until latter etc etc etc this map is kinda trash mate . 
  that is what many people do n't understand . 
  laicite is n't the same as anglo secularism . 
  anglo secularism is about the state tolerance of all religions . 
  french secularism is about the intolerance of public religious displays . 
  france is not acting specifically against islam . 
  it is just enforcing its rules to muslims too . 
  yeah , let 's idolize retards who burn poor people 's shit and cost millions of damages for the taxpayers of a bankrupt country . 
  protesting is good and healthy for a democracy . 
  rioting is n't . 
  i do n't think this game will cause people to think `` riots are good '' but fuck the message behind this game . 
  i hate all of you . 
  all of you, 
  er , kemal was a 20th century authoritarian liberal .
