  sorry , maybe another day , 
  then your comment is n't so crazy :p well , i still think redistribution lowers overall value , but at 15 cars for a young brat , i think that 's not that bad . 
  oh , i thought you meant [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_mode_of_production ) socialism . 
  prime time tv should n't show those images . 
  i am sorry , but there are children browsing the tv then . 
  them seeing dead floating kids is not something that should be allowed . 
  you assume the value of 15 or how many cars would exist under socialism . 
  that is a rather large assumption . 
  thank you very much !, 
  that was extremely interesting and i was wrong . 
  apologies for spreading the misinformation , 
  it was written in the 9th century in the bulgarian empire by cyril and methodius . 
  they were greek and they were sent by byzantium with the specific purpose of creating the alphabet . 
  i think `` we created it '' is not entirely unfair . 
  greek is not modified phoenician , the modern alphabet was probably brought over by the dorians and just had influences from phoenician . 
  on the other hand , the cyrilic alphabet was literally constructed by us :p, 
  my understanding is that he is left enough to make apathetic leftist voters stop being apathetic and actually vote for him . 
  the labour party has been getting a ton of new registrations lately and they are mostly corbyn supporters . 
  this means he has a fair chance of winning the party leadership . 
  someone who bothered registering for him will certainly both going to vote for him so a repeat of the mass absence of voters like in the general elections is n't likely ... ... on the other hand , he is left enough to turn off most centrist who will find that they are far closer to cameron than corbyn politically . 
  unless he can persuade those people of his positions , he is pretty much losing the general elections by default . 
  now that the british economy is booming , some of the criticisms of corbyn might sound hollow to the average voter . 
  i did n't behead people for their beliefs . 
  i did n't massacre minorities . 
  i did n't bomb innocent civilians . 
  i did n't wage a genocidal war against everyone . 
  these people are not innocent victims . 
  they are murderers , rapists and monsters . 
  i am not close to their ideology and i find the suggestion that we are supposed to cuddle them disgusting . 
  i do n't give a fuck about rehabilitating them . 
  they should be punished so severely that anyone who leaves to join them knows that there is no coming back . 
  in my honest opinion , anyone with a right mind would throw these animals in the darkest dungeon cell they could find and let them rot for the rest of their miserable lives . 
  but i guess it is all a matter of perspective . 
  the article mentions 2 things rewarded to isis terrorists : - psychologists to help them from their `` traumatic experiences '' - job offers to reintergrate them . 
  unless either of those is n't true , this is n't propaganda . 
  i have read it from multiple ( reliable ) sources so unless you can provide a reliable source countering either , i believe you are wrong on the `` propaganda '' count . 
  all the sources i have read do n't deny it . 
  your current pm openly stated that he did n't believe in punishing returning isis terrorists . 
  at least our terrorists use rocket launchers and aim for the bird in the crest . 
  not just randomly shoot at people . 
  get on our level turkey !, 
  if the taxpayers really do n't like funding running jokes , i fail to see how the eu came to be then . 
  indeed . 
  however , the finns are right to have objections to the current plan . 
  it has more holes than swiss cheese . 
  i do n't think the alternative is better however and that is something the finns will probably accept rather soon . 
  https://scholar.google.ca/scholar?q=gmo+contamination+incidents&amp;hl=en&amp;as_sdt=0&amp;as_vis=1&amp;oi=scholart&amp;sa=x&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0cboqgqmwagovchmi-e6br8-cxwivxhm-ch3kbarx there are tons of articles on the subject . 
  here is a website analysing a few cases . 
  i ca n't guarantee for its accuracy , but it looks legit . 
  well , let 's agree to disagree on that point i guess . 
  there have been contaminations and even a few are too many , in my earnest opinion . 
  it is very normal but the fact is that organic crops have value * because * they are gmoless and them being contaminated severely drops their value . 
  which is an issue . 
  with gmos . 
  which was my original point , 
  er , i am not talking about lawsuits . 
  gmo contaminations have happened . 
  the rumors were about monsanto suing the farmers that got contaminated because they were using their crops , which is ( as far as i can tell ) untrue . 
  gmo contaminations are rather frequent and rather inevitable . 
  gmos , after all , just grow in normal farms next to other normal farms who , sometimes , do n't grow gmos . 
  this is n't something weird . 
  it 's just a contamination factor . 
  i am not a farmer nor have i looked really deeply in these cases . 
  my understanding of it is that because the spread was not controlled , regular crops were contaminated with gmo crops . 
  that meant that the regular crops could not be sold because you ca n't mix crops and sell them ( since the usual buyer of the crops would ask for specific crops , in this case , non-gmo ones to sell to people ) . 
  that means that these farmers would , for example , either have to trash said crops or sell them for lower price than either only-gmo crops or non-gmo crops for generic use usually reserved for lower quality crops . 
  also , they are going to have less seeds next time around to regrow their crops with and , since the seeds are going to be contaminated , they are probably useless anyways . 
  indeed , although it is more prevalent with gmos , which is kind of worrying . 
  sure , although keep in mind that the keyword is ** potential ** . 
  gmos , to be cost effective to develop , need to be patented . 
  this raises many issues over to which extend can something be patented and what could be patented . 
  gmos have , in some cases , spread to non-gmos populations . 
  while stories that companies then sued other farmers are mostly untrue , the other crops still got negatively affected by that spread which is a problem . 
  tax on independent income was part ( a large part ) of the reason i finally decided to fuck off from greece . 
  even with triple the income showed there you would be barely making enough to have a decent living . 
  taxation in greece is absurd on multiple levels and the fact that we are assumed to be tax evading when calculating our taxes is not helping ( i am referring to the pistiria here ) . 
  yeah , sure , technology can be abused but gmos , for the most part , are n't . 
  this ban is completely unwarranted . 
  also , what imperialpsycho said . 
  gmos have some potential issues but the whole anti-gmo movement are no better than any other anti-science movement . 
  our finest hour . 
  2004 was a great year . 
  probably the last year where most people , at the end of it , were like `` yep , this was a fucking great year '' . 
  we usually love to bitch and moan . 
  wine actually tastes good and does n't get you shitfaced with 1 glass , for starters :p, 
  no offence mate , but they are not . 
  they are hopped up on money , exactly like hilary clinton . 
  all your politicians are such carbon copy of each others , even new democracy and pasok in the 2000 's were more distinct than modern day republicans and democrats . 
  he is hilarious . 
  that 's honestly the only thing most non-americans care about . 
  your elections are extremely amusing to us every time . 
  donald `` trample em all '' trump . 
  donald `` pig-disgusting o'donnel '' trump donald `` fence em up '' trump donald `` prez 2016 '' trump the world is ready americans , bring on the trump card . 
  yeah , to be fair , as a small country , we did all that could be reasonably expected of us . 
  we told the axis to go fuck itself , we resisted to the end and , even after the end , we had one of the larger resistance movements . 
  so we are mostly proud of our performance in the war as a country and we are mostly right . 
  [ also , daily reminder to not fuck with cretans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_crete#civilian_uprising ), 
  this system is as stupid now as it was from day 1 . 
  i posted all i had to post about it . 
  the fact that it does n't even get updated daily , as it should , is further evidence that it should be changed , in my opinion .
