  my parents are still in greece and probably will stay there forever . 
  the only economics that failed here are those peddled by far left , populist demagogues . 
  you and everyone like you are fools . 
  it will . 
  of course , the questions themselves are meaningless ( there are no plans on the table ) . 
  but a decisive yes vote ( 60 % + ) will collapse the government and hopefully bring us back to somewhat a more stable state in regards to the eu if not the euro itself . 
  a no vote ... i do n't want to even think about it . 
  i envy my father in many ways . 
  he has a modest living but he really does n't want any more . 
  he goes hunting when he feels like it , swims 8 months a year and get to chill amongst apple and orange trees any time he feels like it while also having a very nice house . 
  he had a good pension which got slashed to hell nowadays but more than enough anyway . 
  he also gets to live in one of the nicest place on earth if you ask me ( korintho ) so he is pretty much set . 
  poor mother is a bit more ambitious because of her family ( all her brothers and father basically are rich ) so she ca n't accept that she should simply retire . 
  eh , my father barely used money before . 
  he basically only had to pay for the internet . 
  he produces his own electricity and has enough land which he planted trees to have more than enough to eat with the occasional `` here is a bag of oranges , gimmie a steak '' kind of deal . 
  he pretty much refuses any money from me and does n't have any debts so * shrug * my mother ( seperated decades now from my father ) has a small store who has pretty much rolled over and died . 
  i help her a lot directly because she loves the store but she will probably have to close as it has n't made money in 2 years : / both obviously do n't have a single cent in the banks any more . 
  as for me , i have fucked off to other parts of the world almost a decade now ( except for a year i went back to greece to finish my army service ) so i am minimally affected by this . 
  so that i guess . 
  let 's just say that she raised my er ... interest in the weather . 
  greece had something similar with the weather . 
  star ( big tv channel ) hired a girl named petroula that basically said the weather while making sex puns half naked . 
  fun times . 
  jesus , budha and confucious off the top of my head . 
  not necessarily perfect ( no human ever is hurhur ) but , especially in the context of their times , they were fairly entrenched in the `` good guy '' side of things . 
   should it surprise us that a country which an unrelenting dictator lead into a brutal civil war kinda ? 
  these regimes did n't come yesterday . 
  they existed for more than half a century and before that they had a monarch that was equally as authoritarian and unrelenting . 
  democracy is n't a given or a self-fullfilling prophesy . 
   or are you suggesting the turks have all gone to syria ? 
  the radical islamists have a playground right next door , no need to shit up turkey . 
  in any case , that would n't make sense . 
  turkey is a sunni nation with an islamist government . 
  while isis ( officially ) opposes turkey because caliphate single sunni country blah blah , in practice isis and turkey are cozy with each other . 
  on the other hand , islamists in , say , france , live in an `` infidel '' country and many times do n't have the means to travel to the warzones . 
  eh , if you are not being sarcastic : this sub is n't about matters in europe , it is about matters that concern europeans . 
  tunesia is also not in europe but the attacks there today concern us . 
  furthermore , constantinople is firmly within europe and turkey is very much connected to europe . 
  take a chill pill mate . 
  he is right , if that upsets you , it 's your problem . 
  europe does have fundamental values and the european union is a testiment to that , whatever my opinion of it ( it is n't too great ) . 
  the right to free speech is absolute and i am not willing to negotiate about it . 
  so as i said previously , they can kindly fuck right off . 
  i do n't want to get along with censor-happy religious nuts . 
  they can fuck off or they can accept our values . 
  it 's not a matter of compromise because europe should not be willing to give a single step in this issue . 
  they demand censorship . 
  their dignity is not besmirched over a cartoon . 
  if they think it is , they are the problem . 
  the one who would make an issue out of that segment on tv are certainly them though , which is why i think it was a good thing . 
  not the ones who demand censorship , they are n't . 
  * facepalm *, 
  mmmm , you are right , i over reacted . 
   have you ever seen this supposed wave of social justice in real life ? 
  you are overestimating it . 
  [ how about a whole country worth of it ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ksjy0c8qww ), 
  not to mention that the article is hilariously biased . 
  oh no , mentioning that we should n't accept a modern genocide happening during a speech about not forgetting a genocide and its consequences is antisemetic ... just ... fuck off . 
  maybe if israel did n't want criticism , it should treat palestinians better . 
  apparently not going down with the ship you have no control over is unethical and unpatriotic nowadays . 
  everyone is at risk of being greece 2.0 . 
  greece was n't magically pre-destined to become bankrupt in 2008 . 
  decades of bad policies led to it . 
  if you believe the eu fundamentally promotes bad policies ( as i do ) it is n't a stretch to believe your country too could end up in a similar situation . 
  psh , improvisation ? 
  what are you ? 
  some sort of pee-kahsoo ? 
  first male father side grandparent , 2nd male mother side grandparent . 
  first female father side grandmother , 2nd female mother side grandmother . 
  third one of either you name him/her the top current name in greece . 
  i have the exact same name as my father side grandparent , great-great-grandparent and great-great-great-grandparent . 
  same with my father . 
  you will never guess what i will name my firstborn male child :\\ ^ ), 
  aadolf `` the stuttering '' of house hhiittll . . oh fuck it . 
  i will fight tooth and nail against a united states of europe . 
  it will destroy all smaller cultures including mine . 
  it would intensify the blame game and it is inevitably going to mean that each individual citizen has a much smaller voice . 
  basically , what my flair says . 
  to be fair , storing gunpowder during a siege inside the parthenon was n't the brightest of plans :(, 
  i was under the impression that the wends and the old prussians were ( essentially ) the same tribe with few cultural differences . 
  is that incorrect ? 
  you know how those marbles in the parthenon look nice ? 
  it 's because the past 2000 years most people were n't assholes and did n't scratch them or steal pieces off of them . 
  so do n't do that . 
  the great european wars where glorious byzantium annexed wien and thus westernized have remained in the anals of history . 
  depends how you count . 
  the natives wends ( baltic people ) started getting displaced/assimilated around 800 in what is now the greater berlin area . 
  in the 12th century , the area konigsberg would be taken over by the crusaders . 
  when/how they became german catholics is kind of hard to find out because 12th century book keeping was not exactly up to scratch . 
  i would guess though that the native population probably did n't poof out of existence overnight . 
  however , they never ruled themselves again since that time . 
  hm , certainly the government focusing more on syria makes more sense . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
   to me is just free hate against muslims hidden behind the holy `` freedom of speech '' . 
  let 's say we agree with you : it 's still irrelevant . 
  he still should have the right to do that . 
  if it 's just a needless provocation/insult , then you can either ignore it or mock it back . 
  that is how western democracy works and should work .
