  - while individual threads had their problems , none of them were unsolvable . 
  having many threads would not be a problem if we implemented a tag and filter system like they have done in / r/worldnews . 
  toxic discussion can be reduced by more strict moderation in regards to personal attacks ( eg `` fuck you racist/sjw '' ) and unconstructive comments ( eg `` of course a * swede * would say that '' ) . 
  ** second part , immigration : ** immigration is an issue affecting all of europe . 
  it is consistently front page news and has caused internationally significant incidents such as the charlie hebdo attacks . 
  ignoring it and hoping it will go away does not work . 
  some immigrant groups assimilate after a decade and some , 30 years latter , are no more assimilated than when they arrived . 
  islam is a general correlation with unassimilated immigrants yet , at the same time , most politicians are afraid to say it . 
  the west is secularized . 
  it is less a matter of religion in itself than the fact that muslim immigrants tend to come from highly religious societies unlike eg indian or chinese immigrants . 
  turks , some of the least religious muslims out there , as a result have assimilated . 
  it is simply obvious that religiosity in itself , not just extremism , is a problem . 
  as long as we care to have secular societies , that must be addressed . 
  mostly because europe has had ethnic nations for the long time and we do n't have an immigrant culture . 
  being an american means being the ancestor of immigrants . 
  being a greek means you can trace your ancestors back in , roughly the same , land for hundreds if not thousands of years and many feel it should remain that way ( me included ) . 
  i. . . have already said that ? 
  nobody is arguing against finns being a linguistically distinct group . 
  read what i wrote further on before you lose your spaghetti . 
  sorry , i should have clarified : * culturally * you are a distinct peoples and cultural group . 
  i refered to race as purely something neo-nazis believe in . 
  i do n't think you are genetically different to any significant extend . 
  it 's both though , to the best of my knowledge . 
  you and nordics ( swedes , norwegians etc ) come from a different backgrounds during different periods . 
  that means you are , definitionally , different peoples . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-ugric_peoples ) is this controversial or ... ? 
  i always throught this was pretty much commonly accepted knowledge . 
  yes , they are not part of the nordic peoples/race , which is what the neo-nazis refer to when they say `` nordic '' . 
  so a nation devoid of finns ? 
  jesus , neo-nazis are stupid . 
  what is sweden 's problem with prostitution and drugs ? 
  it 's like you people hate fun . 
  you are !, 
  i would but a ) i do n't feel like getting into a 10 page argument over semantics at this hour and b ) last time i talked about circlebroke being an offshoot of srs in an other account , i got a page of messages calling me a nazi and that i should kill myself . 
  however fun this was , do n't think i will repeat that . 
  so instead , i 'll go to sleep . 
  gamergators are not in srd . 
  there are few more hostile subs than srd towards them . 
  ex-srs , circlebroke ( who are also almost exclusively ex-srs ) and ghazis populate that sub . 
  normally , i do n't give a fuck what they do in their subs , but their active brigading in this sub is annoying . 
  i talked with a few mods in the irc today . 
  they are revising/reviewing policy so do n't fret guys . 
  they are listening . 
  i have stated multiple times my opposition to this specific move but my overall support of the mod team . 
  i feel that the mod team seriously needs a filter for their ideas before shit hits the fan ( as it does every now and again ) . 
  they could really benefit from making / r/europemeta a thing as for brigades , they are real and they are obvious . 
  there are several subs that brigade . 
  / r/european for sure is one . 
  the problem with that is that many / r/european posters are also / r/europe posters since ... you know , they are europeans . 
  thus brigade impression from them might be a bit inflated . 
  subredditdrama is another brigading sub . 
  in the 1rst mega thread , when i opposed the decision , i got 3 messages from different users calling me a neonazi and that i should go back to stormfront . 
  all 3 of them had n't post posted in / r/europe the past month minimum but were frequent posters of circlebroke and srd . 
  personally , i highly urge everyone to give the mods the benefit of the doubt . 
  i truly believe they have good intentions and are listening . 
  civil dissent will gain results . 
  still , how many year old subscribing alts can possibly be here that are just waiting to be used for a possible brigade ? 
  like , for me , you can easily check that i am roughly a year here . 
  you are also very easy to verify with the briefest look at your post history . 
  it 's not that hard to weed out accounts that have no posting history in europe . 
  charity donation amounts given by them . 
  [ never trust a swede ] ( http://suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com/archive/25517171/images/1371617036874.jpg ), 
  yep , gala = milk . 
  it 's a pretty fitting name . 
  it 's very syrop-y and soooo god damn tasty if properly made . 
  give it a go !, 
  you wo n't regret it . 
  kind of a bitch to make though . 
  if you have a greek town/greek bakery close to you , try buying it from there . 
   in or on ? 
  woops , meant on . 
  sorry , that was me translating from greek in my head ( in and on are the same word in this context in greek ) . 
  also , yeah . 
  they indeed are hardly waffles but they do look pretty tasty . 
  damn , i need to eat some waffles . 
   do you know a good greek waffle-type dish that i could try preparing some time ? 
  mmm , not really . 
  greek cuisine is n't big on crepes/waffles . 
  that is more of a north european thing . 
  usually our sandwitched food includes pita and gyros . 
  however if you want to make a really good south-eastern european ( not exclusively greek ) desert , i would highly recommend looking at galaktoboureko . 
  it is extremely tasty and goes well with everything . 
  it can also last quite a bit of time in the fridge so you can save it for latter and it is tasty both hot and cold . 
  wake up sheeple the lizards are the queen is sweden . 
  when can we ever go decide as much when lizard people mind control ? 
  the people speak down alien lizard control rooms . 
  - this message has been brought to you by the trump for president 2016 campaign . 
  what do you usually put in sweet waffles ? 
  i usually go for ice cream , some kind of fruit ( usually strawberries ) and chocolate . 
  also thanks for the suggestion . 
  i 'll ask for luik next time !, 
  i actually think i had that once and it was delicious . 
  do n't feel like it . 
  can we talk about how fucking good belgian waffles are instead ? 
  jeez man , by that logic , unless i am not constantly and always talking about a topic i am self-censoring . 
  i am not self-censoring because i have no intention of attempting a `` discussion '' under these conditions . 
  that 's not what self-censorship means , no . 
  look , theoretically we could also have a discussion if every time we typed a letter in an immigration thread we had to solve a higher algebra problem to proceed to the next letter . 
  obviously extreme example , but the point is that this is n't * me * killing discussion . 
  the stickies/megathreads are inherently shit places for discussion and i do n't intend to * settle * for them for no reason .
