  the dude is mentally disturbed . 
  do n't bother responding to him . 
  all of cyprus is already recognized as part of the eu as no country on earth besides turkey recognizes the northern part as a legitimate country . 
   it is imbecilic , na\u00efve and ignorant to believe `` no '' will improve standing for greece or greeks . 
  agreed . 
   but for europe . 
  quarantining the productive peoples of the world from the delinquents keeps the world humming . 
  yet this picture , still , almost brought me to tears . 
  that 's wrong though . 
  quarantine is not a concept in economics . 
  the european banks are no longer connected to the greek ones and a collapse would not affect the banks for better or for worse . 
  staying would , similarly , not affect them . 
  economically speaking , a productive greece would flat out benefit europe with the northern countries having bigger markets . 
  i just can not see how you ( correctly ) believe greece is headed for disaster with a no vote and still support it . 
  even from the complete self-interest perspective , that 's the wrong stance . 
  edit : i should perhaps mention i also got an economics degree . 
  from a canadian university . 
  here i thought we would end on a nice note : <, 
  yeah man , thanks for asking . 
  unfortunately , i have to say the exact same thing about your arguements . 
   incompetency is not a race ?? . 
  yes it 's not a race when it comes to judging if our leaders did a fucking good job . 
  he fucked up , plain and simple . 
  that karamanlis and papandreou were also fuck ups ( and they were ) plays no role on whether tsipras fucked up big time , which he fucking did . 
  you can not possibly be defending tsipras by saying he was only slightly a fuck up . 
  this is why this place is such a fucking ruin . 
  because of people with this idiotic attitude . 
  incompetency is n't a race . 
  he can be incompetent even when other people are incompetent ( and our previous governments were very much incompetent ) . 
  also he did n't `` maybe '' miscalculate them . 
  when he killed any good will from the rest of europe , miscalculation is a given . 
   while he vastly miscalculated how much europeans want this period to stay buried in the past ( while we still have people who lived in it alive , hilariously ) , his intention was to point that even after the most destructive war that pitted european vs european and included horrible atrocities , europe choose to sweep all those claims under the rug ( including greece 's , without asking ) for the better future of europe . 
  now that he is asking them the same for quite better reasons , why do n't they do it ? . 
  hardly calling them nazis . 
  so you are basically saying he is n't malicious , just incompetent ? 
  because that is what i derive from your comment . 
  that he did n't know the obvious insult the germans would take , he is just an idiot . 
  hardly a defense of his policies . 
  he did n't get elected to fuck us up either . 
  he got elected promising that he was able to get an actual deal , * which he clearly and unambiguously * failed to do . 
  as theban_prince said , in the end he begged to get the same agreement he spat at the beginning . 
  the agreement he now begs for is even worse . 
  okey , follow me here and say if you have any objections to what i am saying before i need to go dig up sources ( which i do n't have time to do right now since i have to go in 2 mins ) : - when varoufakis went to berlin , he mentioned the german debts - tsipras and people from the government have repeatedly mentioned the german debts in the parliament . 
  you yourself said  he was trying to point out that debt forgiveness for european solidarity has happened so we agree that he mentioned those debts multiple times , right ? 
  and now what i said :  he called them nazis when you repeatedly mentioned nazi debts extorted from greece while negotiating and , at home , accusing the germans of extorting greece , what kind of conclusion do you think the germans should draw ? 
  as i said , got ta go now but this is exactly how everyone up north perceived those comments as , like it or not . 
  yes it does . 
  he directly correlated them to the nazis when reminding them of the `` extortion the nazis did to greece back then '' . 
  they are not stupid . 
  they got the message and they did n't like it . 
  it is a reality and it does exist . 
  it was also irrelevant in the negotiations and extremely bad tact . 
  ach , yes , the classic `` you are not nazis , you are just like those germans in the 40 's '', 
  when he went there and mentioned repeatedly the ww2 debts , how do you think it would be perceived ? 
  either he is retarded and our president could n't figure out the obvious implications or ( as it 's my guess ) he very much knew what he was doing . 
  yeah , 6 months too late and after he called them nazis . 
  i love how everyone agrees that tsipras handled the negotiations terribly but the moment you mention the logical conclusion that he is to blame for the current collapse * to the bottom of the thread with you !, 
  * it 's fucking bizzare . 
  i find the most interesting the education one . 
  lower education guys are skewed towards yes , probably because they flat out believe the tv and politicians . 
  middle education guys tend to favour no because they have developed the cynicism required to figure out a lot of the bullshit . 
  higher education is then for yes again . 
  this is going to be controversial , but i believe it is because most of them are educated enough to figure out that political circuses aside , a no vote will both kick us out of the eu and will be disastrous for the economy . 
  this reminds me of the `` proper '' version translating the spork copypasta . 
  well , my actual reason against remains . 
  we are dealing with real life shitstorms right now . 
  reddit ones should probably take a back seat . 
  no seriously , what the fuck are you even trying to say ? 
  i like victoria but europe kinda has a ton of issues at the moment and cutting off discussion would be bad in my opinion . 
  if it was a normal week , i would support it . 
  in toronto , i still have n't opened my ac . 
  the weather fucking sucks . 
  rains a lot and it 's not hot but you still feel hot because of the extreme humidity . 
  i bought a de-humidifier yesterday and it worked wonders . 
  yeah , i was looking at youth unemployment . 
  my bad . 
  still , 17 % is sky high . 
  consider that peak unemployment during the great depression was 24.5 % . 
   i 'm not saying that austerity ca n't work in less severe cases ( although it 's blatantly not the best solution ) , but there 's a point at which it can completely paralyze and break the country , leading it not only to an inevitable default , but a default with very ugly side-effects on top . 
  but we had n't passed that point . 
  [ greece is 2014 was forecasted by everyone to return to growth in 2015 ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-09-07/greece-set-for-return-to-economic-growth/5725198 ) for the first time since 2008 . 
  it is why i am doubly mad at syriza . 
  we were finally looking at the end before they fucked it up . 
   spinelessly can you people stop using that word ? 
  this is n't a masculinity contest , it is economics and the future of the country . 
  having big balls and fuck you everyone , as we bloody witness , does n't work . 
  discussion and steady improvement does . 
   so you really think that unemployment would 've suddenly dropped in greece nothing `` suddenly '' happens . 
  what would happen is that [ positive economic outlook of 2014 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/27/is-the-greek-economy-improving ) would continue in 2015 * as it did with spain and portugal * . 
  we would still be in recession the first half of 2015 and then probably see recovery . 
  of course , we will never know for sure ( although i feel mine is a fairly good guess ) because syriza decided to burn the whole thing down . 
   well first of all , portugal 's unemployment rate is basically half of that of greece and spain you said comparable . 
  which it is considering both is very high . 
  portugal 's unemployment in its peak was 24 % . 
  it has now fallen to 14 % because they did n't vote extremist far leftists in power . 
   now i 'll give you that spain is economically comparable , although i 'm not sure about things like the influence of corruption that undermines real reform . 
  spain is extremely corrupt . 
  spain , greece and italy are the most corrupt states in europe . 
  that would have actually been a better difference with portugal . 
   regardless , talking about spain , look at the title of this very thread and the law that is the topic of discussion here .
