  even if the dialogue coming from someone is useless according to everyone * cough * wbc * cough * the very fact that we do n't ban it even though we fundamentally oppose them is a mark of our society . 
   and there is a difference between having a right and using it accordingly . 
  sure . 
  if you do n't like it and think it was used inappropriately , you can use public discourse to oppose him as a politician . 
  you can make a case for people to not vote for him . 
  freedom of speech does n't mean you are supposed to take it up the arse . 
  it means you ca n't punch someone in the face for saying the wrong thing * according to you * . 
  as a side-note , so you do n't think i am a hypocrite : i believe the same for all speech . 
  i would love a usa-style constitutional rule on free speech . 
  no anti-far right , no anti-islamist , no anti-communist etc etc restrictions . 
  eh , i am pretty right wing myself but the * point * is that while eg socialists and myself can pretty much only agree that we completely disagree , neither of us would send a bomb to the other 's house over that . 
  that is a foundation of western democracy and democratic discourse . 
  it is why muslims are a danger to us in that way . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i need to say thought . 
  with erdogan building the caliphate 2.0 electric boogaloo and a far-right party entering the government in turkey and we having a very slight internal problem at the moment , do we have a cause for fear ? 
  i obviously do n't mean a full invasion or something , more like intensification of the dispute over the aegean islands or killing the cypriot peace talks . 
  i agree and i specifically noted that i believe this is a case of correlation , not causation . 
  what i was disputing was the statement that the eu boosted our growth . 
  it did n't . 
   after greece joined the eu , things started going rapidly better in all levels when it used to be one of the poorest nations of the `` west '' . 
  that is flat out not true . 
  greece after ww2 was flattened , sure . 
  just like most other western countries . 
  while the civil war stopped our recovery for a while , we started growing very fast . 
  in the 70s we had a gdp per capita equivalent of west * germany * . 
  [ this actually lasted until 1973 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_economic_miracle ) while i wo n't blame our current problems on the eu , our current problems started roughly when we entered the eu . 
  however , i would pin the blame more on the utter incompetence of the post-dictatorship governments and the cypriot disaster . 
  i basically knew that the promises of syriza could never happen . . not even partially . 
  i * hoped * i was wrong but i never believed i could be and , well , i was n't : / the early day pro-syriza circlejerk in this sub though was hilarious . 
  i said this 4 months ago  they are either going to backtrack on everything they said minus some inconsequential shit or we are going to get fucked . 
  hard . 
   calling it now so 2 years down the line i can link to this comment that will be at -10 and know that , fuck you , i was right anyway . 
  unfortunately , i can be a smug asshole about this it seems . 
  yes , but the actual measures still were far more harsh . 
  the deal with got for them is irrelevant in this context . 
  lurkereurope chose the decision `` expel the paradoxians '' -3 diplomacy . 
  hah , grats man . 
  think about it . 
  20 years from now , the new generation will be able to see these things we discussed . 
  it will be a fun experience . 
  imagine reading all the cock jokes your grandfather made . 
   you seem to live in the illusion that `` being rich '' is something we can all do together in this world . 
  because we can . 
   in simple terms being rich means `` owning more things than the other '' no it is n't . 
  it is `` being able to afford a large amount of luxuries without a significant problem '' . 
  or , as the dictionairy puts it `` having a great deal of money or assets ; wealthy . '', 
  a millionaire and a billionaire are both rich even though the billionaire owns way more stuff . 
  that is an incredibly bad definition of richness . 
  also , not everyone * needs * to be rich . 
  middle class and higher lower class existing is both healthy and normal in the current system . 
  not everyone needs or wants to work the required hours and put the required effort to reach the higher status . 
  no country will ever have all its citizens do that . 
   if everyone has an equal amount of things nobody is rich if everyone could afford a big house , 2 cars , one of which is a high quality ferrari and whatever meal they choose we would all be rich . 
  owning 1 or 3 houses after that literally makes no difference because , again , your definition of being rich is wrong . 
   keeping africans away from our wealth is n't racism , it 's greed . 
  not wanting to lose your hard earned stuff stuff is n't greed , it is self-preservation . 
  it is a most basic human trait , really . 
   greed is what motivated us to build this continent in the first place and it 's what made us rich enough to act as though socialism works . 
  i , for one , see little in this pseudo christian notion of sharing our riches `` because it 's the right thing to do '' . 
  socialism is n't what motivates us to save third world countries . 
  in fact , i quite dislike socialism in that sense . 
  know which countries have made the biggest jumps in income the past 20 years ? 
  the ones who became more capitalist . 
  china had mass famines 30 years ago and today the average citizen can afford a car and eats twice a day . 
  the only thing that changed is that they opened up to capitalist trade . 
  never believe that we ca n't nor should n't help countries . 
  there are ways to hinder them ( eg sanctions ) but the majority of the time , we can help them help themselves and we both profit . 
  both china and the western world are better off today than they were 30 years ago due to our relationship . 
  we do not share a pie , we create the pies and we can make more with them if they are willing . 
  nothing . 
  they have neither passed any major laws nor more actively enforced more than usual any existing ones . 
  that promise to hunt down tax evaders a few months ago turned out to be hot air , of course . 
  italy is not going to transform into a wasteland . 
  no southern country will . 
  what will happen eventually though is that the logical voices will die on the anti-immigration side and the shoot-the-immigrants-in-the-boats people will prevail . 
  the more people scream racism at reasonable people who want to fix the damn problem in a humane manner , the more the actually disgusting extremists will win . 
  i have mentioned that before somewhere in this sub , but a repeat never hurts . 
  in the place i used to work , we hired an accountant of romani origin . 
  these people are the ones who * escaped * the culture , not the ones who succeed through it . 
  there is no succeeding in that culture because the very western idea of success ( stable home , stable income , proper contribution to society ) is anathema to said culture . 
  the vast majority of the time these people do n't self-identify as gypsies ( oft times not even as romani ) and not just because they fear prejudice ( which is a real fear ) . 
  said co-worker would make hitler blush when it came to his opinion of gypsies . 
  it 's just a toxic , destructive culture . 
  no two ways about it . 
  haha yeah haha, 
   and if one person robs you , that person has robbed you agreed . 
   their family have n't robbed you - say the guy who robbed you has a nephew who just learnt to walk . 
  also agreed !, 
   by treating all gypsys like criminals though you and the rest of society are going to have an effect on the kid here is the problem with where this is going : his family * also * broke the law . 
  his brother is in jail , his sister is a prostitute and his father and mother are running the drug business in the area . 
  most of the time , his family is distrusted with a very good reason . 
   he 's going to grow up with everything outside of his social group telling him he 's a criminal his social group too , actually . 
  it is encouraged in their culture to steal from non-gypsies . 
  they actively state that stealing from outsiders is fine . 
   he gets picked on at school if his family even let him go , which just reinforces what he 's learnt . 
  by the time he reaches 18 do you think he 's gon na be a productive member of society or do you think he 's gon na see how the world treats him and decide to treat it like shit right back ? 
  i think the vast majority will turn up to be terrible people . 
  case in point : the vast majority do , in fact , turn out to be terrible people . 
   he does n't have a choice where he was born , but you can choose whether you tar him with the same brush as actual criminals or whether you look beyond their ethnicity .
