  if it does do those things , i will readjust my opinion of it accordingly . 
  i do n't think it will , however , so i want out . 
  the general population has the right to decide who will be their representative . 
  the parties can produce a list with people they would find acceptable adding to the government and we decide who , from that list , gets in . 
  if you reject that as a principle , you kind of reject the root of democracy . 
  which is , i guess , an opinion , but you ca n't really argue against my point on that basis . 
  correct . 
  we have ( in most situations ) a cross for choosing who enters the government/preference during elections , unless they are snap elections too close to the previous ones . 
  it 's not a specific choice , but we do choose who will ( potentially ) be allowed to be a minister . 
  not to mention that even if this was n't the case , the ministers would be voted in as mps anyway . 
  all democratic countries , to my knowledge , follow the rule by only appointing elected mps as ministers . 
  that does n't happen to the commissioners who are completely unelected . 
  that eu commissioner was not elected . 
  the european parliament is a farce and germany can do whatever it wants to the rest of the eu with impunity while threatening if anyone tries to resist . 
  if you want to recognize the bureaucratic dictatorship of the eu as something above your country 's laws and constitution , that is your right , but i reserve my right to not recognize it or its actions . 
  i reserve the right to campaign to leave the eu all together , as i want to . 
  i am aware , so does trorollel . 
  so i do n't understand your `` wtf ? '', 
  as a response to his statement . 
  the eu is an external entity to every individual country . 
  i do n't recognize it as a legitimate part of my country . 
  thank you for your support !, 
   when the new selection process begins , i intend on reapplying . 
  the mods generally needed to short out the list and cut many good applicants because they were already past the `` deadline '' . 
  i suggest people who are still interested in becoming mods in 2 months to do the same . 
  that , plus lettuce fits with none of the other ingredients . 
  it does n't have the same texture . 
  it does n't improve from olive or oregano and it actually tastes worse with feta . 
  i do n't think it does n't have a place in any salad , but certainly not in greek salad . 
  for me ( i know i had a bit support from users ) : turns out the reasons i gave in my own application against me becoming a moderator were ( shocking , i know ) good reasons for me not to become a moderator . 
  they include : no mod experience and i get hostile occasionally ( usually late night when i am tired and from work ) which is no good for a moderator . 
  i am happy about the nominations personally except ragnar 's but i doubt he will be appointed in the end . 
  everyone can be a lady . 
  you just have to believe in yourself !, 
  he also did n't say `` far right '' or `` racist '' . 
  he said `` right wing '' . 
  if he was referring just to extreme far right people , maybe he would have a point , but do you honestly think having any right wing posters hitting the front page is `` problematic '' ? 
  i am a bad cook but there is one thing i love : ** traditional greek salad ** tourists often get served a mix that includes the cheapest stuff like lettuce . 
  a proper greek salad has no lettuce . 
  yes , i will fight anyone who disagrees . 
  the materials : -2 tomatoes , sliced -1 green pepper , sliced - red onion . 
  you can add as much as you like , i prefer about 1/4th since i am not a big onion fan . 
  - anything ranging from half to 1 and 1/2 cucumber . 
  honestly depends how much you like it . 
  i usually go for middle 1 cucumber . 
  slice them . 
  you then put them in a bowl , add : salt , very small amounts of peper , plenty of virgin olive oil and oregano . 
  then you mix them until the materials are sorted out relatively evenly . 
  at the top you add kalamata olives and a large piece of feta cheese . 
  if you like fancy , you can try to add [ paksimadia ] ( https://365vegandays.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/dscn5847.jpg ) that help absord the extra olive while also allowing you to scoop your veggies . 
  done , the perfect salad and my favourite kind of food !, 
  remember to eat the feta cheese with the tomatoes . 
  the combo makes them great . 
  no , very few people push their ideologies . 
  this is not the same as discussing while having biases . 
  everybody does that , of course , since everybody does have biases . 
  i wrote this yesterday  when i discuss with people , i also try to convince them of my views ... is n't that kind of the point ? 
  i do n't get upset when i ca n't and i am open for the opposite too ( them changing my views ) but , inherently , that 's what discussion is aimed at . 
  pushing your ideology is inherently different from this and it can only be done either as an organized group ( by flooding ) or from a position of power ( as a moderator , for example ) . 
  it means unnaturally pushing an opinion into prominence while banishing and punishing opposing ideas in order for your ideology to take over in the discussion . 
  it is not a natural process of discussion . 
  maybe a weekly thread where we can discuss a specific sub-topic in this week 's news and only high quality discussion is allowed ? 
  as in , every claim must be sourced . 
  absolutely no personal attacks etc. 
  deltas are also a great idea , i feel . 
  changemyview is a good sub and i am subbed there the past 2 years . 
  i am a right winger . 
  i am actually a big fan of hjongoldrake 's modship . 
  just because someone is left wing does n't mean he is unsuitable for mod . 
  yes , i disagree with some of his stances but he is clear about not pushing his agenda and just wanting a better subreddit . 
  circlebroke is radical left/sjw for a good amount of time now , maybe it was from the start ( do n't know , did n't care enough to pay attention ) . 
  it has a clear , radical left agenda and it pushes it whenever it can . 
  i do n't have a problem with differing ideologies but ragnar_ok is clear that he intends to push his if he becomes a moderator of this subreddit . 
  no need to answer yourself to an / r/anarchism bot mate . 
  he is also the mod of / r/circlebroke . 
  a few choice quotes from [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/3lf9pc/reurope_mod_here_we_need_your_help_reurope_has/ ) thread : `` just hand the entire thing over to srs . 
  it would be glorious . '', 
  that 's the top comment at the question over how to improve / r/europe . 
  ragnar_ok responded with : `` give it here , cb is literally srs-lite , i 'll clean it up good ! '', 
  this is a terrible nomination and i am dissapointed in this choice . 
  if you think this is `` ironic '' , it is n't . 
  read the rest of the thread . 
  many people are seriously suggesting srs members are good moderator options . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/3lf9pc/reurope_mod_here_we_need_your_help_reurope_has/cv5x25k ) for example . 
  edit : i am happy with the other mod nominations though . 
  i think they are all good additions . 
  nobody wants to touch pasok with a 10 foot pole any more . 
  final vote count for syriza is 145 , of independent greeks is 10 , that is 155 together , so that 's probably going to be the new coalition unless some other parties voluntarily join in . 
  nd with kke , golden dawn and syriza in the same government ? 
  would like to see that . 
  theoreticaly yes , but the chances of that are pretty damn low . 
  greeks have grown tired of the elections so the parties will be pressured to cooperate . 
  i personally fully support potami in its endeavours to summon the deep ones . 
  i think he is an idiot , but then again , i am a right winger . 
  he handled the past few months in the crisis very badly . 
  that 's even according to him ( although he insists he did n't fail every goal , just most of them ) . 
  syriza winning is probably what will happen anyway but do n't get your hopes too high . 
  er ... my descriptions were a joke . 
  i think me describing golden dawn as a zionist party should have been a give away ( along with the not serious in the title ) . 
  probably want to edit that one out .
