  you need new friends then . 
  but seriously , facebook comments ? 
  are these serious arguments ? 
  yeah , and 4chan 's / pol / has a nazi flag for a logo . 
  mainstream european politicians do not support any such ideas . 
  even the most anti-immigration , such as orban , simply aim to keep them out . 
  using facebook comments as a political argument is laughable , i am sorry . 
   using the search function on reddit alone would probably provide a variety of `` sink the boats , let them drain '' comments . 
  that basically is murder . 
  searching reddit , you could probably also find posts about how all the niggers need to be exterminated , how men should be castrated to have peace in society and people masturbating to pictures of dead women . 
  reddit search proves absolutely nothing about mainstream politics . 
   about the right-wing : that is exactly what i mean - you ca n't shut people out by calling them `` right wingers '' at the slightest idea of restricting immigration . 
  this actually is especially true for germany where we call it the `` nazi-cudgel '' . 
  kind of gordons law . 
  ending a discussion before it began just by saying `` that 's nazi '' . 
  we agree then . 
   you can call islam all you want - but denying syrian refugees on the basis of fearmongering `` because they bring sharia '' is just as unreasonable as the above mentioned `` that 's nazi '' . 
  but , again , is it really fearmongering if a large percentage do actually support sharia ? 
  according to pew research , [ the muslim share of europe 's total population has been increasing steadily . 
  ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/01/15/5-facts-about-the-muslim-population-in-europe/ ) is it really unreasonable to point out that these people hold some extremely backwards ideas while their numbers * are * increasing ? 
  is it truly unreasonable to point out that this could , potentially , very much end up being a threat ? 
  this whole thing is ridiculous . 
  who on earth is arguing for mass murders of immigrants ? 
  no one even close to mainstream does in europe . 
  the reason her and other like her get hate is not because what they say is wrong , it is because they indirectly imply that the majority of those who oppose immigration actually want to kill immigrants which , besides being an absurd notion , is certainly not a good basis for reasonably discussing immigration . 
  speaking of reasonable basis for discussing immigration , the mainstream media would prefer to cut their own hands off before having a reasonable debate about immigration and have proved that again and again . 
  why should we consider her specific heed for a `` reasonable debate '' as anything more than a stall tactic ? 
  what would she ( and you ) consider a reasonable debate ? 
  you state :  noone should come up with the `` right wing '' argument to shut people out of the discussion preemptively . 
  what do you mean about that ? 
  when have mainstream right wingers done that in regards to immigration ? 
  i can provide ample of examples of how even moderate conservatives get called horrible names and heckled for proposing small restrictions to immigration . 
   noone should be allowed to argue the case based on fearmongering about `` islamic culture kills our values '' , `` sharia is coming '' , `` they only want money '' . 
  i believe modern islamic culture is shit . 
  i also believe ultra-christian conservatives in the us ( and their surrounding culture ) are a fucking cancer to that society for very similar reasons . 
  why is it bad to discuss the fact that , eg 40 % of the british muslims would support sharia law ? 
   genghis khan was born about 100 years after the last viking ivasion of britain . 
  william the conqueror was already dead and kiev was an independent state by the time the mongols came to europe they were hardly in the same period well , i meant in the general historical period , not necessarily the 2 centuries with the vikings . 
   i 'm no fan of islam but the region prospered as a result of its expansion whereas the vikings only burned things down i think you are underselling what you guys did by a long mile . 
  vikings conquered and improved much land . 
  iceland was uninhabited before the vikings ( the brief irish community was wiped out before the vikings arrived ) . 
  william the conqueror was a norman ... which were the descendants of vikings . 
  normans also went and reversed the muslim invasion of sicily . 
  vikings were valued warriors and mercenaries throughout europe and had political power in byzantium etc building bridges is not the only measure of success out there . 
  to be honest , you were n't even in the top 10 worst invaders . 
  the mongols were around in the same period and they did n't steal a couple of pigs and lasses while burning the occasional monasteries . 
  they wiped off entire civilizations off the map . 
  in the south , the muslims conquered vast amounts of lands and forced convert under the threat of death vast amounts of people ( and killed those that said no in many cases ) . 
  you just pillaged a bit and , if you conquered , you mostly assimilated to the local culture and religion . 
  oh yeah , you were also pretty good bodyguards for the basileus . 
  you know what they say about vikings with big axes . 
  inorite , my joke about them including swimming lessons this time around was n't appreciated either :(, 
  i do n't think the official number exists really . 
  it is mostly estimates . 
  he is probably including everyone , including albanian citizens . 
  which , to be honest , is the important number . 
  jan mayen shall rise one day my friend and the icelandics shall tremble . 
  these people all have wages set to them but they needed to accept them first . 
  if they were not satisfactory , as indeed 10k might not be , they would simply not accept . 
  additionally , if you intend to keep them for a long time , as indeed greece did , offering them a rate above the normal to stop any competitors is standard practice . 
  honestly , this discussion is going in circles . 
  even if varoufakis could have cut those corners , that 's not my main objections . 
   what would they do with the 80k euros they got into a fight with troika over ? 
  raise pensions by 0.0000000001 % ? 
   yeah , every bit matters but it would be more touching if that same person complaining about 80k euros had n't tanked the greek economy costing us billions of euros . 
  those 2 are my objections . 
  it further antagonized our debtors and it is highly populist of him to try to focus on a relatively minor loss when he caused way larger ones . 
  because there are n't , else they would already have been hired . 
   11 grand is not terrible pay by any means . 
  let me ask you a simple question : you have the option to get 20 grand a month or 11 grand a month . 
  what would you chose ? 
  what do you think most people would chose ? 
  11 grand is an absolute terrible pay if you could be making double that . 
  that 's not how it works that that level ... this is n't fixing the plumbing . 
  you could be from zimbabwe but if you worked these jobs , you would ask for as much pay as the poshest german . 
  when someone does n't need your specific job offer , that means you are either forced to pay their required rate or you are forced to get someone else . 
  because all people with those skills require similar pays , that means you are either required to pay up or to hire people with lesser skills . 
  aka people who are n't qualified enough for the job . 
  that 's my `` and '' . 
  so let 's go back to your `` and ? '', 
  and ? 
  edit : okey , seriously , and ? 
  the very fact they resigned proves my point that they did n't * need * the job . 
  they were doing it because their higher ups told them to . 
  cutting their salary would have been impossible under those circumnstances . 
  what they expect is highly relevant when their skills are not easily found and they are not replaceable . 
  they can simply decide to tell us fuck you and leave instead , as they in fact [ did ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3fqb86/greek_tragedy_conversation_with_yanis_varoufakis/ctqz62g ) . 
  there 's a reason it is called the job * market * . 
   i mean , was n't everyone complaining about how greece lived beyond its means a second ago ? 
  yes , and firing experts and antagonizing our debtors has really proven to be the way forward with paying back our debt so far . 
  i have no clue mate , sorry . 
  i live outside of greece for a few years now and i have not kept up with tax law specifics in greece . 
  if it is still as it was before ( and i think it is ) the answer is : it depends on how you earned the 18.000 . 
  salaries are differently taxed than earnings from independent work which are differently taxed that investment profits and then we have the pistiria which are used as additional proof of income . 
  the whole thing is a mess really . 
  800 x 10.000 is 8 million euros , not 80 thousand . 
  it would be 800 euro salaries for 100 people . 
  so no , not significant . 
  also , of course troika are rich people and live rich . 
  the fuck did you expect ?
