  they are unwanted and should leave . 
  now . 
   what 's the french word for untermensch ? 
  this is not racial discrimination , it is national . 
  citizens over non-citizens are it is done all over the world , all the time , especially in countries like the us . 
  in short , it is nothing new nor radical nor fascist . 
  and no , i am not troubled by it . 
  in fact , it is one of the points i most agree with . 
   is completely at odds with welcoming international students to france . 
  since when are international students `` immigrants '' ? 
  still though , they are skilled people ( or , well , future skilled people ) unlike the average person who goes there and has no skills and ca n't speak french . 
  pretty sure if the only people that came to france were university students , people would be okey with that . 
  this guy 's hilarious . 
  reminds me of those american tourists that try to pay with dollars and are offended when we do n't accept them . 
   it 's the fault of the immigrants that we hate them no , it is the fault of politically correct multiculturalist politicians that do n't properly control the flood . 
  she says that very clearly . 
  they ... do n't sound bad ? 
  i disagree with some economic points , but that is about it , really . 
  good for france !, 
  so we have an objective way to determine that there is demand . 
  i am a euro sceptic but the thought of fast railroad connections all over europe make even me kinda have happy-thoughts . 
  to be fair , it would probably pay for itself in a decade or so , assuming it passes through a reasonable direction . 
  maybe make it a circle starting from paris ( which would also connect it to london ) ending up in prague , or even northern italy . 
  then it could be branched out to the balkans and hungary . 
  obviously it would pass from the low countries and germany . 
  that is definatevely not the worst idea i read here . 
  ok , since this debate will turn out pointless really soon , can we at least agree that the * majority * of far left parties advocate a violent overthrow ? 
  however is is a unified stance on the far left . 
  all the far left parties i know of advocate a violent overthrow . 
  yap , thank you . 
  yelling `` slogan slogan slogan '' is not `` criticism '' , it is yelling `` slogan slogan slogan '' . 
  this guy ( do n't know his affiliations , or the protestor 's affiliations ) handled this the best way possible . 
   i do n't see how someone with a phd is threatened by someone coming from africa . 
  even if they have a degree in something those would n't actually be accepted here in most cases . 
  what about a syrian doctor who has to leave because of the war ? 
  countries ca n't ( and do n't ) accept infinite amounts of immigrants and , while not officially , masses of illegal immigrants obviously force a country to accept less immigrants overall . 
  in short , yes , a guy with a phd is threatened by the african immigrant . 
  maybe not the german worker who has a job offer , but the asylum seeker certainly is . 
   as for the deporting itself , for one most asylum centres are in horrible condition , deporting often leads to injuries ( although this has constantly been improved , but has in turn increased the cost of deportation by a lot ) , then most asylum seekers come from countries where we cant sent them back anyway . 
  while i agree we should try to improve the conditions , there is an old saying that goes `` ca n't do the time dont do the crime '', 
   and , by the way , nobody sends immigrants to greece . 
  immigrants do all they can to get out of your country [ looks like someone has n't done his homework ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ), 
  but why is deporting so abhorrent to you ? 
  why should the guy that jumped the fence get priority over the guy with a family , a doctor 's degree and a serious economic need ? 
  do n't you see how damn unfair that is ? 
  you are punishing the people who follow the system by protecting those whose first action when entering the country was to break the law . 
  eh , it is still trash tier , essentially . 
  thing with rating is , people have better ways to make money , at least `` regular '' customers with up to 100m in assets . 
  government bonds are usually a `` i really would like for this money not to disappear '' investment , which is why only top tier countries are heavily affected by this . 
  everyone knows you either shoot people or allow them to do anything they want , legal or not , and there is nothing in between ! ... 
  ... like deporting them . 
  a thing that , by the way , you already do . 
  we know , because you send all your unwanted illegals to us here in greece and then pretend you have the moral high ground over the savage southerners . 
  [ lel ] ( https://fbcdn-photos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-frc3/v/t1.0-0/308902_209363689117534_212414_a.jpg?oh=a2385ed15d39e08641cfef1f30d06742&amp;oe=53ea5bda&amp;__gda__=1409522164_a744442c99e5f737bd2e2b1487f09317 ), 
  oh , you mean the charges that i just mentioned are fake ? 
  pavlos fysas though , i wo n't dispute of course . 
  however , this was n't a leading member of golden dawn . 
  if they can prove that the murder order came from up high , you got a good case . 
  my point is most assuredly political . 
  anyone who supports these charges and claims he supports democracy is simply a hypocrite . 
  if you wan na bag golden dawn , go find something real to charge the with ( i mean seriously , leftists have been calling gd a bunch of murderers since the 90 's , i am sure they can find some proofs ) . 
  this show trial is a disgrace . 
   despite the fact he is awaiting trial to face charges of forming and leading a criminal organisation and for breaching private data after he published a video from a meeting between himself and the new democracy secretary takis baltakos that resulted in the resignation is this the part where i mention that the recording was the government representative directly stating that golden dawn is politically persecuted and none of the charges have legal merit but the prime minister threatened and pressured the justice system into doing his bidding ? 
  or are we supposed to pretend these charges should be taken seriously ? 
   how is food not part of culture ? 
  here is the definition of culture  the ideas , customs , and social behaviour of a particular people or society . 
  while certain kinds of foods can be considered `` customs '' within a cultural context , the food itself is in no way `` culture '' . 
  eating magiritsa during eastern is considered part of the greek culture however a random american eating magiritsa ( delicious by the way , try it one day ) does not mean he adopted some part of the greek culture . 
  clear enough ? 
   but if you mix two cultures you get a new one in the sense that both influence each other . 
  so let me re-state it . 
  show me one instance of an organic mix of cultures in europe . 
  one . 
  i do n't think it is too much to ask for you to support your theory with a single piece of corroborative evidence . 
   and last but not least , using the internet is a bad idea if you want to keep your culture from foreign influence . 
  i do n't want to keep my culture from foreign influence . 
  i want my culture to not be replaced by millions of immigrants who create ghettos and out-reproduce the locals . 
  the majority will never adopt the culture of the minority , neither will a very sizable minority . 
  this is exactly what is happening all over europe and why we are freaking out . 
  let me explain this a bit further : people got somewhat pissed off from all the `` americanization '' of everything , but you never saw massive `` anti-american '' parties rise solely to expel american influences . 
  people bitched and moaned about it , sure , but that is where it stopped . 
  the reasoning behind that is because the change happened organically and with no higher power forcing it on the people . 
  nobody came and forced us to eat burgers or watch some chick flick ( not that this is america 's culture , obviously , just generalizing ) . 
  people are being forced to be `` acceptive '' and `` inclusive '' and `` cosmopolitan '' now though . 
  the change is not organic . 
  this is further worsened by the fact that a cultural balance and demographic balance that held true for thousands of years is being upset . 
  let me re-re-re-re-re-restate what everyone in this thread keeps repeating : nobody wants to have a monolithic , unchanging culture . 
  people just do n't want to be culturally replaced and see their people destroyed . 
  it still baffles me how some americans honestly believe they are the natives ( well , unless they are of indian descent ) . 
  they are the immigrants . 
  immigration benefited them because that is how they came there in the first place . 
  1 ) food is not culture . 
  if i wanted new kinds of food , i would google a recipe online . 
  2 ) you said immigrants create new cultures  promotes cultural diversity as with immigration new cultures are created now you back pedal and say `` well , it actually brings a foreign culture that tends to segregate itself , is n't that great ? '', 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ is n't, 
  show me one instance of a new culture , then i will think you are less full of shit . 
  naw , immigration does destroy cultural diversity , that 's pretty damn clear , i think . 
  and economics is a debate matter , so there . 
  eh , i am ultra-capitalist , but i can very much see the reasoning behind wanting your citizens to have a good life but 4.000 euros ( well , the ppp of that amount , at any rate ) is way too high . 
  i am also kinda baffled on how you can call it `` cultural identity '' , to be honest .
