  also some maniacal obsession with calling every great man greek . 
  napoleon was not effing greek , jesus . 
  anyway , i will also add - a sense of relaxation . 
  why bother going fast ? 
  got something better to do ? 
  - friendliness . 
  after living years aboard , only italy actually is similar to us in that . 
  - politics is a 2nd religion in greece with parties being a religion . 
  you are born into a family that believes in this re ... party and you are supposed to do the same growing up . 
  - sexism . 
  i am not a feminist by any stretch , but we kinda need to look at our view of women again . 
  - very strong community bonds . 
  this is a good thing . 
  there are very few homeless greeks because of that . 
  you become homeless only if you are an illegal immigrant , denounce your family or literally everyone in your up to 2nd degree family becomes bankrupt . 
  the `` got temporary economic problens ? 
  tough luck '' attitude does n't exist . 
  - connections are very important in greece . 
  `` visma '' ( using connections for off-the-grid advantages ) is common and socially acceptable . 
  - tax evasion is also common and socially acceptable . 
  to be fair , some taxes are rediculous , easy to avoid and you are overtaxed already specifically because you are assumed to be already tax evading . 
   national front , a french neo-fascist party here is some false information , for example . 
  i am a greek macedonian . 
  the only kind of macedonian . 
  and you are an impostor . 
  that is n't very nice . 
  you are not fucking macedonians . 
  i am a fucking macedonian . 
  i 've met 2 and both ranted on how we were stealing `` their '' history . 
  honestly , fyrom can go fuck itself . 
  fyrom is n't joining anything while it calls itself macedonia . 
  any greek politician that accepted them under that name would commit political suicide . 
  but i thought with our huge economy failing and thus the industrial center of europe grinding to a halt we single-handedly ruined europe !, 
  and canada will be much poorer if it stays outside the us in the future !, 
  why you ask ? 
  because i said so . 
  what do you mean you want `` proof '' ? 
  greece said yes too . 
  it is god damn awful . 
  throwing money at a problem alone does n't work , unfortunately . 
  yes indeed . 
  that is , in fact , kinda the point of the flag . 
  you are not even bloody european . 
  37 % it seems , with 47 % wanting out currently . 
  so far you are the one speaking for the minority it seems . 
  greece 's debt back then was actually mostly due to war debts and reparations ( especially the thessali war ones ) . 
  that other guy is kinda stupid , eh ? 
  what he means is that his race might be irrelevant here . 
  he might have been beat as a warning for them to stay out of a gang 's turf . 
  meh , nobody gives a shit about the actions in greece but binge drinking is certainly a problem . 
  that is a bs arguement . 
  in greece drinking is acceptable and young people drink too ( most get hammered the first time around 14-16 ) . 
  the result is a society where alcohol is nothing special and people do n't actively seek it out , having far fewer alcoholics in the long run . 
  you got a problem because of cultural attitudes , not because booze is cheap . 
  i saw the exact same retarded attitude in the us . 
  the spanish republic flag is also 3 striped but it is also really bad . 
  colour scheme matters , folks . 
  to be fair , the current german flag is n't even pretty . 
  the german empire 's flag , on the other hand , gives me orgasms . 
  well no , we have plenty of common interests in russia , especially when it comes to energy policy . 
  also , quite frankly , we like russia more . 
  after the asia minor disaster , we were kinda used of being fucked by our allies . 
  the occupation force was close to 750.000 at its zenith for a population of 8 million . 
  not only the germans had troops there , bulgarians and italians did too . 
  as far as it is not misguiding , no , not in favour at all . 
  i am stubbornly right wing , but alavanos is the only far left leader i actually respect . 
  he is intelligent , well spoken and does n't seem line a scumbag . 
  also he did n't have wild dreams , even while being far left . 
  i actually almost voted for him a few years back . 
  dollar less tasty than potato . 
  grease very poor pls gib potato . 
  actually , crete alone occupied around 70.000 garrison and they only really controlled the cities . 
  never smoked in my life , but the government has no job dictating the bloody packaging ( aside from obvious sanitation issues ) of private products . 
  * cough * greece * cough * also , give us some credit for being the country that lasted the longest before the invasion of the ussr : <, 
  best use of money ever . 
  so , people would just seize privately-owned lands under a lease contract because the guy no longer hold a government position ? 
  under what law ? 
  ach yes , mass murder in place of democracy , how progressive of you . 
  can i just say that i find strange austria has n't had a stable monarchist base ? 
  austria 's entire point as a country was that it was the center duchy of a single family who proceeded to fuck their way into most of central europe . 
  literally the only reason austria is not another german province is because of the habsburg blobbing technique ( and cousin fucking ) . 
  one would think people who believe in an austrian identity ( as opposed to a south pan-german identity ) would be naturally monarchist . 
  i am pretty sure germany wo n't invade anyone nowdays . 
  makes them butthurt too . 
  in fact , this whole thread 's amusing . 
  edit : jesus christ iphone spelling . 
  it is n't the russian that is butthurt here though . 
  do n't even bother with him mate . 
  he and 10 of his buddies have taken over / r/greece and yell out anyone that is n't a radical leftist/communist . 
  naurgul is the moderator of / r/kke for crying out loud . 
  nah , i am just contributing what / u/giggster wants to hear . 
  considering this is the 1000th `` putin is evil '' thread he posted , might as well do him the favour . 
  putin remains [ le ] terally hitler . 
  ... whatever dude , live in your dream world if you like , i ca n't persuade someone who downright refuses to accept any differing ideas . 
  and that is nice , but international laws do n't work like that . 
  i am sorry , but it is you who does n't understand how human rights actually work . 
  they are not some general ideas ( thank god ) but actual laws in actual countries that have terms and conditions . 
  a criminal executed in the us is not a violation of human rights too . 
  a legal immigrant signs the societal contract of the country he enters and , thus , has both the obligations and rights adhered by that contract . 
  the contract itself , while not wholly , is mostly put down in the written law and constitution , to be more specific .
