  because the mob is generally known as good guys . 
  i am done with you . 
  i am giddy about it because this delegitimizes democracy way more than anything golden dawn has done so far . 
  i would , by the way , react the exact same way if any other party got the same treatment ( and let 's not pretend that only extreme right wing parties carry baggage ) . 
  assuming you are democratic , you should be against this farce too and , instead , for a proper trial after proper evidence was gathered . 
  if the us can do it with the mob , we can do it too . 
   there is not enough evidence to conclusively prove that the political leaders of golden dawn are the ones directly ordering the criminal activities . 
  so , by all accounts , in a proper western properly functioning democratic system , they are not , beyond reasonable doubt , guilty of anything . 
  i mean , yeah , they would n't exist in the first place in a reasonable western democracy , but this is still a miscarriage of justice . 
  i am sorry , but if somebody has to threaten a judge and a prosecutor to accept the charges , something tells me they are not as rock hard as you might think . 
  daily reminder that this trial is politically motivated and a gross mispresentation of justice regardless of your feelings towards golden dawn . 
  this was admitted in private ( without him knowing he was being filmed ) by the then representative of the government . 
  he admitted that the prime minister manipulated , threatened and pushed judges and prosecutors to have this trial regardless of how good the evidence was . 
  this is a disgrace . 
  edit : oh and , by the way , the video is publicly available if you do n't believe me . 
  we will soon see the light at the end of the tunnel they said . 
  join the roman army they said . 
  bloody gauls . 
  what are the tax cut specifics ? 
  i would say that if it went from about 30.000 euros a year to about 200.000 , that is middle class ( starting from lower and going to upper ) . 
  eh , i am sure the poorer people did suffer income cuts , however my main point was that , at least here in greece , the middle class was hit by a nuclear bomb , which is why helping them too is reasonable . 
  so that . 
  honestly , i agree . 
  the middle class in the crisis stricken countries suffered a lot with the promise that it would n't last forever . 
  now that the \u00e7risis is slowing down , all social classes should see the benefits . 
  also , quite frankly , 53 % ( if the number is correct ) is absurd . 
  half of that sheit is parody mate , just throwing a thread without context would be the equivalent of showing the `` euphoria '' thread and saying `` here 's a typical reddit thread '' . 
  congratulations to britain !, 
  at the very least , the dominance of the big two parties is broken by a new voice . 
  do n't i have to choose from a good selection !, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-turkish_war_ ( 1919 % e2 % 80 % 9322 ) possibly the biggest disaster of the modern greek state and it is mostly pinned on the then-king constantine and dimitrios gounaris who decided , right after germany had lost ww1 and we had support entente , it was a brilliant idea to flaunt around how pro-german they were . 
  as you might imagine , entente quickly said fuck off and started supporting the turks with heavy consequences . 
  at least we then executed the fuck . 
  do we have any idea who these extremists were ? 
  considering coptics are mainly an egyptian thing , it could possibly be an egyptian community conflict . 
  it has a mostly none-european culture , none-european ancestry , the vast majority of its lands are outside europe and so is her capital . 
  turkey is not a european nation . 
  that is n't an insult , it is just the reality . 
  they rack disriprine, 
  the problem is that they then use some of that kidnap money to make bombs to blow up 100 civilians ( not to mention kidnap more people ) . 
   inherently privileged get out . 
  i have lived in 9 different countries over the years , and currently live in canada . 
  do i win the one up game ? 
  people are not excusing mugabe however , at the same time , when we continuously self-flagellate about our `` invisible and continuous oppression of africa '' we give a stand for these crazy nutters to go on and say `` oh look , our country is shit because the west imperialist colonialists are oppressing us . 
  even they admit it ! '' . 
  and do n't think they do n't do exactly that . 
  so instead of just saying i am a `` crazy straw man '' just tell me this : when would be a good time to admit that africa itself is ** mainly ** to blame for africa itself being a shithole ? 
  here are a few counterpoints :  multinational companies that go in and extract resources for nothing . 
  and while some of these practices are terrible ( not all , i quite disagree with the anti-corporation attitude that sometimes harms local economies in 3rd world countries ) i still fail to see how even european countries are to blame . 
  multinational corporations are , by definition , not bound to any one country . 
  you ca n't blame something as massive as `` europe '' either . 
  i mean , my country was a muslim colony up until 1829 . 
  some cases can be more clear , like us corporations doing crap like blood diamonds in africa or the ( british ) bp oil fucking up the golf of mexico but even then it is the fault of the corporations , not the countries these happen to reside in . 
   i simply mean to say that they play a part and benefit from that system . 
  that is an unsubstantiated statement . 
  how do we currently profit ? 
  did the brits profit 200 years ago from the colony in india ? 
  yeah , they did , at least some of them . 
  did the french ? 
  also yes . 
  but currently we do n't have colonies and we do not profit from our none-existent colonies . 
  the `` past wealth accumulation '' is honestly a horrible argument . 
  are we also gon na go around demanding turkey hand over their lands `` back '' to us ? 
  should we go to kaliningrad and kick out the russians to put the germans back there ? 
  injustices that happened on another era with another mindset might server as examples for today but the american attitude that people , who had nothing to do with it , profit or should feel bad about it today is absurd . 
  people conquered other people and took their resources since the beginning of time . 
  we ca n't and should n't try to right all wrongs , that is stupid . 
   it is pretty hard to say europe has their hands clean when these countries were ruled by europe and had their borders drawn by europe . 
  the borders alone contributed to a huge amount of violence across the globe . 
  and that was 100-50 years ago !, 
  when would be a good time to stop blaming `` the white man '' and start blaming horrible dictators being dicks to their people ? 
  when is it a good time to stop enabling people like mugabe who are pieces of shit oppressors but manage to stay in power by blaming it all on `` whites '' while we validate them ? 
  give me a time table !, 
   europe plays a part as well . 
  how ? 
  give me any evidence it does ? 
  we do n't magically `` play a part '' by existing . 
  jesus christ , are you playing dumb ? 
  i did n't initially respond to you . 
  i responded to / u/pakislav . 
  i responded specifically based on his comments . 
  you butted in to `` correct '' me . 
   if you think africa is n't being exploited you are crazy . 
  it is , from china mainly , also some american corporations . 
  at least the vast majority is from those 2 countries and would love any evidence to the contrary . 
  still fail to see how we are responsible . 
  here , what i responded to , because you are too fucking dense to understand what i am saying . 
  let me spell it out for you :  colonialism in africa is still ongoing no it fucking is n't . 
  oh , please do tell me which arab country europe colonizes today ? 
  da bad witey keeping the proud black race down with mental rays of colonialism . 
  circle that jerk bro . 
  it is greek clay anyway !, 
  please teach us brown , inferior balkanites your ways . 
  tell us how we should behave in our countries . 
  i wish my civilization crashes and burns 100 times over before we find people waving their dick around and pissing on other people acceptable . 
  god forbid serbs have an opinion about their country . 
  people should earn a type of treatment . 
  these people are leeches ( and proud of it ) and do n't deserve to be nannied . 
  a rapist does n't deserve to walk free and a good person does n't deserve to be jailed . 
  it is nothing new nor revolutionary .
