  you are not the sjw police . 
  attack the arguement 's merits , not the person . 
  in my opinion , he did n't say anything wrong here . 
  if you think he did , say so , do n't try an extremely petty ad hominem . 
  and they say the remove kebab mey mey has grown irrelevant !, 
  using hunic tribes ?!, 
  what preposterous idea this is . 
  what are they going to do , throw poo at our invaders ? 
  athena blesses us and the hellenic states shall be forever , i tell you . 
  not exactly . 
  while the word itself makes `` fun '' of the other languages ( bar bar basically ) , a barbarian was anyone who was not ethnically greek . 
  language was kind irrelevant in that regard . 
  modern `` art '' is shit . 
  although one thing to note is that every single one of those contains the colour black . 
  interesting observation of the finnish psyche if nothing else . 
  eh , not really . 
  that would have been the case if the courts did n't interfere and forbid the independence referendum . 
  as of now , they are n't really free to stay in or leave . 
  she is turkish ... and erm , white . 
  she is a white minority . 
  gyros is serious business . 
  mayo is disgusting . 
  filthy mayo traitors should be executed in our glorious ketchup revolution . 
  yeah , my knowledge of finnish language and customs is limited to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wljpl6petn8 ) pretty much . 
  coke zero master race . 
  the language is very easy actually . 
  just type random consonants with the occasional u with an umlaut . 
  then , every 3 words , add a perkele . 
  done , perfect finnish !, 
  well ... free trade and self-determination are pretty damn liberal concepts . 
  i am calling them liberal in the classical sense of the word as defined by personal freedom , to be clear . 
  the american definition is indeed different but this is / r/europe , in the end of the day . 
  i would n't call either of those positions non-liberal . 
  i mean , i do n't disagree with either of those but they are pretty damn liberal positions . 
  you give a shit about karma ? 
  i have to say , that is surprising to me . 
  also , no , i did n't downvote you and i am genuinely unable to give a fuck about downvotes as long as it does n't interfere with discussion and visibility . 
  i have to admit it 's kind of weird you give a shit about that . 
  i can accuse you of many things but you generally do n't karmawhore . 
  i am not saying `` see a professional '' as an insult . 
  i genuinely believe it would benefit you . 
  if it makes you feel better about it , i openly admit i see one myself . 
  it is a good thing and we all have issues to work through . 
  i just think yours are particularly large . 
  there you go , that 's my advice . 
  take it or leave it . 
  i need to sleep now , if i may be excused . 
  work tomorrow . 
  i do n't even think you are a terrible person . 
  you literally have the saddest worldview i have ever seen , completely unrelated to your political opinions . 
  i did n't misinterpret your post . 
  your post is : a ) you have an agenda . 
  b ) you share this agenda with some sort of comrades . 
  c ) be happy because your agenda won . 
  unless i am reading your comment extremely wrong , that is what you wrote . 
  my answer to that is that i do n't have an agenda that i feel i need to push and your worldview is twisted and toxic . 
  so yes , please do stay the fuck away from me . 
  i would honestly suggest talking to a professional because your attitude is not one of a healthy adult ( if you indeed are an adult ) . 
  i am not your psychologist nor do i wish to be . 
  yeah , you are absolutely right on that . 
  i was just trying to give a very simple ... er , quip ? 
  to start the conversation . 
  evolution was a pet subject of mine for quite a few years ( when i was also passing my edgy atheist phase ) so i know quite a few more than i normally should about it . 
  it is a bloody fascinating subject . 
   your comrades are quite open about the effort they put into this propaganda . 
  they 've told me stories about how they were ignored and downvoted at first but with their valiant effort to keep it up no matter the difficulties they persevered . 
  an `` evil cabal '' they are not but the opinions here did not change organically either . 
  there was concentrated effort to achieve this and i do n't see the reason you 're pretending that 's a conspiracy theory . 
  you 're selling your comrades short . 
  i will regret this . 
  i always do with you , but i am drunk enough , so here we go : i know you might find that hard to believe , but people are not born with their political opinions . 
  debate , discussion and friendly conversation can and do change people 's minds . 
  i also do n't have as a goal to change anyone opinions , per se . 
  i know this is also hard to understand but i am not , in fact , here to propagandise any evil right wing ideology . 
  i am here to share ideas with people . 
  in fact , many of my ideas have changed based on the discussion i had on reddit and other online places !, 
  i was misinformed on some issues and changed my mind of those . 
  i was able to see a wider perspective on others !, 
  i do n't hold the same opinions i did 2 years ago and that is a * good thing * . 
  think of it this way : none of us truly believe we have all the right answers . 
  that would be insane . 
  i am sure not even you believe that . 
  so that means at least one of our opinions , necessarily , is wrong to some extend . 
  however , if i asked you right now which of your opinions are wrong , you would n't think of one because , if you did think one of your opinions is wrong , you would n't hold it . 
  that 's why i am here . 
  i am not here to bring on the glorious european right wing revolution . 
  i am not here to kick people who share your beliefs out . 
  i am here to discuss with people because i know i am wrong . 
  i do n't know what , but i know i am at something . 
  that people are not here to propagandise but to discuss is called having [ good faith ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_faith ) and you completely both lack any and give no regards to it when you post . 
  i am truly sorry that you are literally unable to see people in any way other than propagandists . 
  it must be an exhausting world view but , please , stay the fuck away from me . 
  i do n't need your attitude . 
  the evil cabal wins once again . 
  next up : how to grind immigrant babies into a powder for use in eternal life recipes . 
  i thought you would n't respond to my `` evil reactionary posts '' any more ? 
  what happened to that ? 
  i quite enjoyed not having you around . 
  eh , 1 % on a million is the same as 10 % on 100k not that gdp works like that exactly , but as a rule of the thumb , fully developed economies tend to have a slower growth for that reason . 
  ... wait , wrong place .
