  a rare breed but they existed . 
  unless i misunderstand modern kemalism , today that should put most faithful kemalist parties clearly in a center-right axis on almost all issues outside religion . 
  poland is having a great leap forward . 
  its twenty-five year plan is working . 
  the capitalist cultural revolution took hold . 
  love you poland :3, 
  wait ... what ? 
  kemalism is considered left wing in turkey ? 
  that is weird . 
  soviet states does n't just refer to the soviet union itself . 
  it refers to all the soviet satellite states too ( which poland certainly was ) . 
  i am not entirely sure why you would take offence at that ... ? 
  tell that to poland . 
  honestly , it depends . 
  i think romania is also not very atheist . 
  he was the representative of the government . 
  i am sorry , but calling him `` fascist asshat '' does n't discredit the tape in the least . 
   i like how you say you dislike gd and call them morons , yet you agree with their stupid rhetoric about a politically motivated trial the tape they provided is evidence of that . 
  i believe evidence . 
  so yes , i do believe their claim because they provided evidence no one has refuted yet . 
  simple as that . 
   yeah , the thousands of pages of accusations are fabricated , so are the accusations on killing lukman ( the pakistani worker ) , fyssas and attacking pame and anarchists . 
  the killings were n't fabricated ( obviously ) . 
  much of the case connecting those killing to golden dawn the organization is or just is n't even close to strong enough to be taken seriously in a neutral court . 
   gd is a criminal organization , and if other political parties have ties with the `` underworld '' they should be jailed too . . 
  i agree and i would love to see a proper trial , not this shady bullshit . 
  i know ... i agree it is a genocide . 
  that is not what i am saying . 
  okey , i will start by saying i really dislike golden dawn . 
  i think they are a bunch of fascist morons and i would be very happy to see them out of the parliament . 
  i will also say that i would say the same thing i will say here if the party in question was of , say , far left nature . 
  it is n't a commentary on the party . 
  it is a commentary on procedure . 
  okey , now that i clarified that : this is a fucking disgrace and will remain a fucking disgrace . 
  this is a clearly * politically motivated trial * . 
  the former cabinet secretary ( when he was the active cabinet secretary ) of new democracy [ admitted as much in what he thought was a private conversation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_9c0cgtqfu ) ( he was n't aware he was being recorded ) . 
  he said the pm directly intervened in the justice system , which is a gross violation of the constitution , to brute force the case through on shaky evidence at best . 
  and no , it is n't for a good cause . 
  today it is golden dawn , tomorrow who the fuck can know ? 
  who says some other party wo n't do the same for other political opposition ? 
  every single party has dirt ( not equating that to gd , just giving a plausible scenario ) . 
  when there is precedent , who says the government down the line wo n't `` find out '' that their chief opposition has ties to anarchists or fascist ganks and throw them in the jail ? 
  worse yet , if these accusations are true to some extend and this trial fails because of its * very * shaky grounds , we will never be able to have a re-trial . 
  so anyone who is happy about this : do n't be . 
  that 's ... not what he is saying . 
  i believe it * was * a genocide , but the arguement is similar as 1rst/2nd degree murder . 
  he is saying that these people were exiled and many died accidentally , tthey were n't exterminated on purpose . 
  and yes , it does make a difference . 
  i do n't think it is true , what he is saying , but it would be a big difference if it was . 
  aye , i agree about africa and i think it a disaster that a god damn dictatorship ( china ) is doing a better job at helping these people than the democratic west . 
  but i need to ask you , how do you reconcile helping some with the fact that many thousands will keep dying each year trying to come here ? 
  is that honestly more humanitarian ? 
  should we be providing them ships ? 
  because , honestly , if we start providing them ships and a guaranteed place in europe , that is open borders . 
  open borders is completely unfeasible both politically and economically , as we discussed above . 
  so , what is the cut off point ? 
  again , i need to ask why that is ? 
  obviously the current camps are n't good enough , i agree 100 % . 
  but why would a decent camp plan with proper facilities be disgusting ? 
  these people * did * break the law , in the end of the day . 
  why should we give incentive for more people to risk their lives and have thousands of dead people a year ? 
  is that really more humane ? 
  go be edgy somewhere else . 
  yes , i am sure my skills are n't needed , that is why i have moved 2 continents already because of extremely good job offers ... 
  these people are unskilled labour . 
  no western country is in serious need of unskilled labour , especially not from people with unverifiable background . 
  that is what i meant and feel free to use all the ad hominems you wish , it will still be true . 
   these people will come no matter what , and that 's a fact considering this whole thread is about the proof that we can , in fact , make them not come any more , i do n't see how this is a fact ? 
   we separate them to evade the creation of potential `` terrorist '' cells , as ridicolous as this sounds . 
  this people risk their fucking lives and everything they have to live here , they 're not terrorists , but still . 
  i think you are avoiding the question a bit here man . 
  we both know we * can not know if they are terrorists or not * . 
  we literally have no way of knowing since we ca n't background check them . 
  if an isis member came to europe he would obviously not admit he is from isis . 
  it is an extremely serious security issue and one that you really need to account for . 
  and spreading them out would n't work either . 
  after we set them loose , they are free to move by law . 
  we ca n't restrict them to a city or village . 
  they would be free to move to a big city and start a terrorist cell or something similar . 
   i live in spain , you do n't need to tell me that . 
  we can put them in other countries , creating an eu wide agency to check for needed workers ( e.g. 
  farm workers are usually needed in certain times of the year and the local population ca n't cope with job demand ) . 
  okey , so let 's say 10 % of the people coming here get work ( i feel i am generous with that number , to be honest , but let 's roll with it ) . 
  what about the rest ? 
  they are still in limbo . 
  how do we pick people ? 
  where do they live meantime until they can be placed ? 
  what do they do in between seasonal work ? 
  okey , so , what part of my arguements is false ? 
  i mean , we obviously can not verify their origins without a proper process . 
  even if they say they are not criminals/ex-members of the isis ... well , they could be very well lying . 
  labour value reduction is very real and has happened to a lot of southern countries ( including spain , if i had to guess , certainly in greece ) . 
  the fact is , our countries simply do n't have the growth needed to sustain the influx of newcomers . 
  our 20 % unemployment rate and 50 % youth unemployment should be a clear indication of that . 
   meanwhile , we can work with them again , in what way ? 
  they ca n't be set loose and ( in your opinion ) we ca n't keep them in the camps . 
  so what do we do with them ? 
  drown them in the sea ? 
  or ... we could just send them to a normal camp , funded by everyone in the eu and not just its poorest members , that has decent-ish life conditions until they can be properly processed ... what is it with you people ? 
  do you honestly believe only extremes are possible ?
