  because islam did n't spread accidentally , and that is only of africa here . 
  wait until you hear asia . 
  you 'll love that shit . 
  i agree that we did n't go far enough , but it is n't our responsibility that these people ( rightfully , in my opinion ) revolted against a dictatorship . 
  events are complex sure , but when shit hits the fan , you blame the guy that threw the proverbial shit on the proverbial fan , you do n't blame the guy who tried to stop him unsuccessfully . 
  you are implying the civil war and mass murders by qadaffi started by the west ? 
  or do you imply the moral choice would be to stand by and let him gas a city ( again ) ? 
  that would create less immigrants , yeah , but mostly because they would be dead . 
  marxism is a totalitarian , absolute system that has led to mass murders and genocides directly . 
  fascism is a totalitarian , absolute system that has led to mass murders and genocides directly . 
  but comparing them is totally unfair because one side waves red flags and the other black . 
  i will be sure to apologize to the arabs and turks for my exploitation my ancestors did to them next time i meet them . 
  so should sicily . 
  it is n't like they kept invading for almost a millennium and had us occupied for the better part of said millennium . 
  not is it like the biggest slavers in the european history were muslims , like say in the ottoman empire and berber pirates . 
  it means i do n't speak english perfectly . 
  the horror . 
  personally , i think a proper punishment would be public flogging . 
  whatsathink ? 
  structural unemployment is inherently bad and originates from missalocation of resources making the society inefficient and wasting human resources . 
  in a perfect capitalist society , there is 0 structural unemployment and a balanced equilibrium of wages and production . 
  so no , it is objectively bad . 
  there just are n't objectively ( or well , universally accepted ) ways of fixing it . 
  eh , some stuff are objective . 
  more unemployment is never good , for example . 
  i double checked that list because the moment i see the word `` social justice '' , red lights appear . 
  it is * mostly * objective . 
  you sure do love mentally masturbating with big words , huh ? 
  let me help you : damn son , that was sooooo profound and sooo enlightened . 
  truly you are an example of us all . 
  show us the way dearest . 
  what/how does this count ? 
  why do people keep give bulgaria/bulgar states macedonia is all fantasy maps ? 
  jeez guys , we settled this issue 2 balkan and world wars ago . 
  because they mass legalize them . 
  again , they come because they know they wo n't be seriously challenged . 
  you ca n't just build a fence and call it a day . 
  you also to enforce your immigration laws . 
  when the average immigrant knows he ca n't really get deported unless he does something really stupid , why would n't he attempt coming over ? 
   at least the last time ( 2010 ) he had more than 50 % of the votes . 
  i am sure you know better , but from my understanding , jobbik with 20 % of the votes , would generally agree with the reforms if not directly supporting them because they do n't go far enough ( according to them ) / for political reasons . 
  so adding jobbik and the main party , it would mean that indeed a big majority of the population would roughly support these laws . 
  i am not saying if i do or not , and i might be wrong , but this is the conclusion i draw from what i can see . 
  smugglers bs the immigrants , aye . 
  however , as i said , word does get around . 
  immigration in greece was cut in half from the new security measures , but it took almost a year for that to happen . 
  greece had the same problem . 
  we simply plugged our holes and they switched to the second weakest line of defence , italy . 
  if you plug it , they will go through spain , then maybe greece again . 
  ping pong is not a solution : /, 
  if the immigrants knew ( and word does spread ) that the moment they step foot in the country , they will probably be deported in a month , way fewer people would take the risk . 
  barely protected borders and lax laws mean that more people are willing to take the risk since there is a potential reward . 
  in short , yeah , tough immigration laws that are being enforced will cause less people to jump on a boat and drown . 
  yes , because forcing countries to accept ( or not ) immigrants based on forced policy from brussels is bound to not cause massive reaction by everyone . 
  women get years off depending on children . 
  the rest is kinda made up , yeah . 
  public employees in greece are ( mostly ) the scum of the earth and even most greek do n't like them or sympathize with them . 
  wage cuts on them were almost cheered and being able to fire them was a long standing demand . 
  what you said ( lifelong income ) is not true ( well ... pensions exist , but so do everywhere ) but they are scummy bastards in 100 other ways . 
  thankfully they took the brunt force of the cuts . 
  i agree . 
  i am just disconcerted to see some people being angry that we are `` stealing '' their money while we have as much choice as they do . 
  oh well , let us hope one day we will get a real eu , based on cooperation and respectful cultural co-progress , not this forced integration crap . 
  to be fair , we got fucked by this too . 
  do n't think these loans are a gift or euro is not partially to blame for the current situation . 
  greeks sure as hell also did n't get to vote on the euro . 
  i am actually kinda stuck in poland right now and not using the euro while in europe is kinda weird . 
  even in switzerland they freely accepted it but here everyone seems to like their zlotys . 
  honestly , greece is kind of a hate pot now . 
  and i do n't think papadopoulos is so universally hated any more ( certainly not by the right wing , at any rate . 
  you are correct to point out that many still begrudge him for cyprus though ) . 
  ephialtis is indeed the best example . 
  could we also add papandreou the newer one ? 
  i do n't think i have seen a single person who would n't like to string him up from the nearest building . 
  him running off to the us did n't help either . 
  edit : actually , this is historical , so disregard papandreou . 
  do n't worry , your mother wo n't see you swearing on the internet . 
  you can write `` fuck off you piece of shit '' . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html just posting this again . 
  also , just because daily mail said it does n't make it untrue . 
  source on it http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html because someone already tried to bullshit into disputing it . 
  how is it less efficient ? 
  just ship them over and go `` wilkommen , here is ze complimentary bullet to ze head '' it worked in russia . 
  maybe i have had my emotions fried in 4chan , but when i see holocaust photos , my first thought is `` damn son , a bullet in the head would have been more efficient . 
  that is why the russians won '' . 
  it certainly is n't to cry ^ ^ ^ ^ ya ^ ^ ^ ^ damn ^ ^ ^ ^ queer ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ joking, 
  and alexander 's head is in greece too . 
  so that is why ancient vikings lost their tusks in their helmets . 
  people stole them after they died off . 
  do rich people occasionally try to hunt you for your tusks to display above the fireplace as a trophy of killing `` one of the last of his kind '' ? 
  damn , you are a rare breed !, 
  greek . 
  when i am in canada and try to butter people i call myself greek-canadian , but i do n't actually believe it . 
  i do n't identify as european at all , and do n't really have any strong regional identifications in greece . 
  so just plain ole greek . 
  it is the tourist syndrom . 
  tourists do n't know the good `` local '' restaurants and instead eat at the shit ones aimed at hapless tourists with big prices and shit quality . 
  uk has it worse than most because of how organized your tourist areas are . 
  i still find it weird that there are any soviet stuff left in the baltics . 
  true enough , i met a few fence climbers .
