  you still did n't give any explanation why burning everything down would be a good thing . 
  that we can agree on . 
  i hope i am right and this deal will eventually lead to a better greece . 
  `` let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that i am persecuted whenever i am contradicted . '' people who believe in the deal are not traitors . 
  we genuinely believe it will be better for greece . 
   we need to hit rock bottom at some point to climb back up i do n't suppose you can provide any explanation for this incredibly sweeping and unreal assessment , right ? 
  yeah , greece is not ` samolia ' . 
  we took the deal after all . 
  you know why it is n't treason ? 
  because it saves the lives of thousands of my people , greeks . 
  people that would starve without food . 
  people that would die without drugs . 
  people that would lose their pensions or disability pay and be unable to work . 
  it 's fascinating how supposedly leftists forget to give a shit about the weakest members of society in moments of crisis . 
  if not wanting my country to become a pariah and somalia makes me a traitor , i am the proudest traitor out there . 
  fuck you . 
  fuck everyone like you who think not letting this country completely sink is treason . 
  far left , far right , same fucking shit . 
  yeah , i am one of those people who believe preserving my culture has value . 
  sorry , i am not a marxist idiot . 
  i hope you get better . 
  you specifically alluded to the cold war  remember how it was before , when the continent was split in two and it was practically impossible to go from east to west and vice versa . 
  that only was during the period of the cold war and the berlin wall which did n't end thanks to the eu . 
   the schengen agreement has been part of of eu law since 1999 . 
  the only reason i can walk across the border to poland , to the czech republic , heck , even to austria , is because of that . 
  the schengen agreement is convenient in many ways , it is also irrelevant . 
  going from eg , the uk to west germany in 1980 was trivial . 
  in fact , exactly because it was so trivial , it was made official under schengen to cut down bureaucracy . 
  not to mention that schengen was never an eu project , it was a european one . 
  many countries that are not in the eu are in the agreement . 
   intercultural european integration is a thing , you know . 
  yes , i know unfortunately . 
  i hate it for trying to dilute my culture . 
  thanks for the reminder . 
  see my other response . 
  the eu had absolutely nothing to do with solving that , as far as i am concerned . 
  please provide me an explanation if you believe otherwise . 
  * german * unification and that was mostly because the treaties signed meant that you could n't do much without their approval . 
  you were in a unique position and no other country in europe had a similar situation . 
  i do , in fact , remember that time . 
  i also remember it was n't the eu that broke that , it was usa and capitalism . 
  sure . 
  loss of national sovereignty on all fronts ( economic , political and social ) . 
  hugely diminishing individual voting power thus making politics even more detouched from the electorate . 
  huge , unyielding bureaucracy necessary which inevitably , especially with the cultural differences , will lead to corruption and favoritism . 
  corruption of cultures to be replaced by a `` european identity '' . 
  these off the top of my head . 
  there are a ton more too . 
  i , and many others , * would * love for this project to fail . 
  not catastrophically and in a fancy fashion , just delegated to irrelevant and meaningless until it is officially put out of its misery . 
  saying `` if we do n't act now the project will fail '' is funny to me because the only thing i can think of is `` good '' . 
  there are many arguments against and this article addresses none of them . 
  if that 's what he meant , why did he include potami , which is a newly formed party ? 
  if he was just referring to past ( and very real ) transgressions , you might want to google who the syriza mps are . 
  half of them are old pasok mps . 
  and yes , syriza , even amid this shitstorm , already had its first scandal of family appointment . 
  is that a serious question ? 
  ... no , nothing crazy will happen . 
  at worst , have some more cash with you because banks/atms are clogged . 
  so you support putting a bunch of islamists together with more space ~ ~ to plot ~ ~ `` to converse '' and that 's a good idea ? 
  [ it did work . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp-growth-annual ) up until syriza 's elections , greece was pretty much tied with those other 2 economies in terms of performance and performance expectations . 
  also , what kind of `` corruption '' are they accused of doing that perfect syriza did n't do ? 
   the same bailout the imf recognized as failed the same bailout that worked for portugal and spain , yes . 
  the same bailout that gave us growth before syriza fucked it up . 
  yes , that one . 
  in fact , the same bailout , but 3 times less severe , than the current one . 
   i aint say tsipras is the messiah , but fuck me if the previous where not scum . 
  yeah , and fuck me if tsipras did n't bring * the same fucking bailout * only with way more humiliating and severe terms . 
   accounting tricks ( again ) to present a surplus source . 
  as far as i know ( and i know pretty well ) the growth shown by greece was legit and counted by lots of third parties . 
   and collapsing banks since november the bank run started ( on earnest ) the moment syriza got elected . 
  if you have a source for november , i would love to see that . 
   they had 5 years and utterly failed on what front ? 
  i was ( and am ) completely satisfied with the result and i will vote nd again . 
  yeah , i hated when the corruption squad kept greece afloat , with economic development and a much better bailout . 
  now the dick will feel much better because he cares about the ass getting pounded . 
  something something konigsberg . 
  as varoufakis proudly showed . 
  a shame we have to pay for that ... all of us . 
  awwww , do n't cry because i insulted your leftofascist religion . 
  they disagree with me and they still are economically illiterate idiots !, 
  see , both can happen . 
  yeah , but communists are definitionally economically illiterate . 
   dark ** over ** lord please use his full title , thanks . 
  he did n't oppress those villagers all these years to not be called an overlord . 
  both . 
  never underestimate the ability of human kind to screw up even the best scenarios . 
  ... well , wanted to put france instead of england there but i had a brainfart . 
  would n't look good to whom ? 
  in many countries , telling us to go fuck ourselves would be extremely popular with the electorate despite any implications ( unfortunately ) . 
  realistically , i expect further drama on this . 
  however , if the big 3 ( britain , germany and france ) all agree to the proposal , it will probably get sorted out . 
  i am cautiously optimistic about this . 
  my main concern is that some northern european country that is n't germany ( finland , maybe a baltic country ? ), 
  will take a hard stance against the proposal . 
  it ai n't going anywhere unless everyone agrees to it . 
  do n't try to resist it . 
  absorb it , let it become you . 
  i need to make a remove-kebab style copy pasta about constantinople and albanians .
