  but i do n't care about his ethnicity per se . 
  i literally can not be arsed to give a fuck . 
  i do n't have a problem with sikhs and they come from the exact same area . 
  i have a problem with their culture which , as you correctly pointed out , leads to a circle of criminality and distrust . 
  i personally know romani people who are not gypsies . 
  they disavowed the culture and they are fine people i would be glad to have as neighbours . 
  we can not pretend like their * culture * is fine and dandi and hope they stop stealing and being general scumbags 600 years after the circle started . 
  everyone here knows and agrees that gypsies do n't have anything inherently wrong with them . 
  that is n't the point . 
  you are n't talking to uneducated villagers , most of us have met people of different backgrounds . 
  we have a problem with their * culture * , not their race . 
  that culture needs to be stopped . 
  the future kids that will grow up to be just as bad as their parents should be helped . 
  we need to put a stop to that and it is n't going away by praying it does . 
  people do n't ask to be treated with respect . 
  they ask to not be robbed . 
  if someone is incapable of doing that , he is n't worthy of respect himself . 
  b. . but it 's not a generalisation if it 's t. . . ... erm ... what ? 
  oh no pls no go :( ( ( whatever shall we do without your majesty ? 
  oops , did n't see the image . 
  as for the jews , see my irish response . 
  exact same thing here . 
  came legally with no restrictions . 
   well , as long as they were n't irish !, 
  the irish came legally in the us . 
  the population was just mostly opposed to it because they were catholics . 
   or chinese i guess [ until the chinese exclusion act , the chinese came to the usa legally . 
  in fact , the us directly funded them coming so they could get cheap workers . 
   since , you know , they 're all unskilled low educated migrants . 
  which is exactly why the us brought them over . 
  they were cheap workers for a booming industrial economy in an age before automation . 
   oh and do n't forget these guys !, 
  the us did n't want them so much that they literally went there and enslaved them and brought them to the us against their will . 
  iron fucking clad logic mate . 
  are you actively trying to appear stupid ? 
  to be fair , it is n't just fee fees that get hurt . 
  while some abuse the pension system , there are many people whose meds have doubled in price while their pension halved and they are 80 years old who can barely walk . 
  there is a point where further cutting just is n't viable . 
  ok , let me try : slyratchet is the pope . 
  dclauzel is luther . 
  now we need a calvin , any volunteers ? 
  i supported the action there . 
  i still do n't think it was a mistake . 
  i am also anti-immigration . 
  during the siege of benghazi , gaddafi had promised to literally kill everyone in the city . 
  that 's more than 600.000 people . 
  even if he killed only half of that , it would still be 300.000 . 
  we ca n't possibly condemn our inaction during the genocide in rwanda and say that the intervention in libya was a mistake . 
  what was our mistake was our inaction after the bombing . 
  europe fears too much to be seen as imperialist that it did n't take care of its responsibility to clean up the place after it was done flattening it . 
  we should have at least kept guard until the elections ended and ensured a smooth government transition . 
  but regardless of your opinion , it is n't as simple as `` evil anti-immigration guys love bombing stuff '' . 
  cough [ usa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enhanced_interrogation_techniques ), 
   i find it very hard to believe that the community of greek expats * who ca n't even speak basic english * that 's the basic premise . 
  most greeks understand english to some extend and could find simple jobs outside of greece ( construction workers etc ) without the community 's help . 
   there 's also the entirety of the costs of setting your life up in the destination . 
  you have to handle everything that comes with it such as an house , electricity , all other kinds of expenses . 
  does n't sound cheap to me . 
  a basic , minimum-wage job in canada can provide all these things if you budget correctly and leave you some more . 
  also , i know it is n't easy . 
  it really is n't supposed to be but the choice is between that and literally starving in greece . 
   you need to have money for the trip the money is minimal . 
  bus/train trip total could cost you somewhere in the range of 100-200 euros if you plan correctly . 
  everyone can find that money if really needed . 
  pawn something or take a small loan . 
  i do n't see that as a valid point unless you are literally homeless and have no family . 
   know the language of the country you are going to this is not very relevant either . 
  almost all european countries have a greek community . 
  if you do a bit of research , you can find them . 
  even if you do n't know even english , you can probably ( temporarily ) get a job in a greek restaurant . 
  most expats are happy to help in such cases . 
  at least , i know we are here in canada . 
   have nothing tying you to your country ( such as needing to take care of ill or disabled family members ) that is a valid argument . 
  if someone genuinely has that kind of problem , i understand . 
   it 's not that simple to say fuck it and move abroad . 
  it 's pretty much what i did . 
  maybe i am cynical like that , but i prefer to see my family less often ( although skype is a thing now days ) instead of being a burden ( however much that would n't be my fault ) to them . 
  obvious comedic exagerration aside , last time i was in greece ( 6 months ago ) i had someone with a phd in physics serve me coffee . 
  this is extremely common in greece . 
  i have to admit that , as much as it pains me to say it , i ca n't figure for the life of me why such people stay in greece . 
  i love my country , but i would never throw away my education and slave away for below minimum wage jobs just to stay . 
  at least now , when i come back home , i get to actually relax and enjoy my stay and country . 
  it is n't like they ca n't leave either . 
  they can freely move to any eu country and the costs of moving are minimal . 
  just overall a sad situation . 
  again , the vast majority , when talking about gypsies , specifically refer to people who follow , willingly , the gypsy * lifestyle * . 
  the * lifestyle * is absolutely terrible and it is a choice . 
  plenty of roma do n't follow it . 
  so yeah , i do n't think people of that origin should be discriminated against , that is terrible . 
  but i think pretending like the lifestyle is fine is equally moronic . 
  it is n't fine . 
  people here ( i hope at least ) know the difference . 
  yeah , i fully agree that is a problem . 
  anecdotally , i had to intervene once in my work to have a guy of roma background hired ( that was in greece at the time ) . 
  he was far more qualified but no one would hire him because `` gypsy '' . 
  i detest the gypsy lifestyle . 
  i have no problem with the roma and we need to show a door to intergration if we want them to intergrate . 
  so if you think the problem people have is with the race and not the culture , would n't the irish travelers , logically , not be hated as well ? 
  google `` irish travelers '' . 
  they are gypsies too .
