  all these countries have had ( and n. korea still does ) an ideology that urged them to commit genocide against their own population . 
  blaming genocide on the country , especially when it is carbon copy repeated everywhere the ideology takes hold , is absurd and bad history bordering on genocide apologism . 
  nazi germany commited the holocaust because of the ideology of nazisn . 
  ussr commited the holodomor , the purges , the gulags because of communism . 
  i still do n't believe those parties should be banned though . 
  let the fools speak to remind us why we must actively fight against their ideas . 
  well , to be fair , it is n't like germany hands out guns like candies to mentally unstable teens . 
  the shooters all got the guns from their parents . 
  by that same logic , swiss teens also have access to a large amount of guns to take . 
  hey , thanks for your answer . 
  you make many valid points . 
   i think some of this might be very optimistic . 
  very much so . 
  problem with most plans is that they rarely survive first contact with the enemy . 
  most probably even the first year plans would need readjustments on the go . 
  it is why in my initial post i specified my plans for the first year rather than a larger period . 
  however , i believe you are looking at the situation as bleaker than it really is . 
   i would bet 5-7 % contraction first year is accurate . 
  gdp contraction under the last programme was 25 % over 5 years , so 5 % in one year on this programme sounds about right . 
  it could be slightly more because this programme is more severe than the last . 
  i strongly disagree with this assessment because i believe the worldwide financial situation , especially in the eurozone ( barring us ) has stabilized and will most probably remain relatively stable for the foreseeable future . 
  this means 2 things : - boost in tourism , which we experienced even this year . 
  this will be very helpful in bringing money to the greek economy and helps improve employment . 
  lower unemployment in germany and uk ( and other countries ) means more disposable income for vacations which benefits us directly . 
  - cheaper imported goods . 
  greek economy right now is experiencing deflation which is bad in many ways but with increased production from northern countries and a deflated economy , it will combine to counterbalance most tax hikes to a large extend . 
  i simply do not believe that greek depression will be worse off today than it was in the middle of a worldwide crash . 
  i think a 3-5 % contraction is a reasonable assessment . 
   however , it 's important to note context , i think . 
  the point essentially argues that markets will positively review greek stability and default risk at the same time the nation ( as above ) is experiencing a 5 % further contraction . 
  the markets do n't care much for the welfare of the economy of a small nation . 
  i think you overestimate how much they would care about the state of our economy . 
  their concern is mostly our willingness to go through with the reforms ( and thus , implicitly , paying them back ) while also not causing another crisis like this year 's that would further endanger the stability of the euro . 
  once those 2 things are secured , the markets will calm down , much like they did with italy , spain , portugal , ireland and cyprus . 
  none of those countries have had significant growth yet their bond interest has plummeted . 
   where would this growth come from ? 
  no policy changes would occur between years 1 and 2 , as well as the continuation of the mou programme . 
  you mention one part ( privatization , many mandated by the current deal ) . 
  the other will slowly come from the stabilization of the economy and the increase of foreign investment ( that will come with the privatizations , reduction of corruption and reduction of bureaucracy ) . 
  it will also , in large part , be due to us leeching off the rest of the eu 's recovery . 
  my plans would be different if we were still in the middle of the crisis . 
  once growth turns positive , it would only snowball from there . 
   likewise , i do n't see the world economy stabilising . 
  qe is yet to have a real , solid , significant impact . 
  growth in the eu as a whole will largely be determined by how well qe performs , not from demand . 
  i disagree with that . 
  it 's kind of a huge talk though , so let 's leave it at that . 
  while some countries will face financial difficulties , the eurozone and its partners are all fairly stable currently which is what 90 % affects us . 
   however , i would also predict that greek businesses will be even more impacted by reduced demand and wage decreases . 
  part of the programme is to drastically weaken collective bargaining rights . 
  these would have the function , in combination with high unemployment , of making it much easier to slash wages and eliminate benefits . 
  so even if business labour costs reduce , so will consumption by customers . 
  since business expenditure is income for customers , they will undermine their profitability in an attempt to be more profitable . 
  much of the greek gdp is not from domestic consumption though . 
  and even if it was , while market liberalization would be certainly part of that , my main focus would be , as i pointed out , to severely cut back flat out bullshit and streamline the process of business and their interactions with the state . 
  to give you an example , a client of mine was complaining to me that he literally had to run around for a month from office to office to get a consideration for a permit to start building a second building next to his hotel . 
  not the actual permit , a consideration of a permit and then he will have to wait for an official to show up sometime this year ( maybe ) . 
  the greek bureaucracy is so absurdly bloated , it 's not even funny . 
  we are consistently one of the worst ranked countries in europe for doing business in . 
  that is unacceptable . 
   easier to start a business , okay . 
  less corruption ? 
  that would be great . 
  however , some of greece 's largest sources of corruption are also its biggest companies and richest people . 
  the effort to overcome it will be equivalent to tackling the world 's largest mnes about their tax planning . 
  at the end of the day , a lot of people are too afraid to do it . 
  i hope your plan proves them wrong . 
  which is why i specifically want to bring over foreign bureaucrats that would help hunt down higher level corruption . 
  i am fully aware greek public sector employees are ... well , not exactly competent to say the least . 
  at least until we can properly train ours , we will need help . 
  i am also under no illusion we could ( as a random example , not saying he is guilty necessarily ) call here the president of siemens and throw him to jail or something . 
  we can , however , threaten him with a scandal blowing up until he pays up what he owes to the state in a private agreement . 
  last thing ceos want is an international scandal and a beef with a country they sell tons of shit to . 
   decreased taxes ? 
  how ? 
  the plan called for increased taxes , and is there scope to reduce them ? 
  does n't greece need all the revenue it can get to repay its creditors ? 
  no , we do n't . 
  the current debt is unpayable under the current conditions , simple as that . 
  that 's why a central tenet would be to follow the reforms all of europe wants us to finally do while we secretly restructure the debt to be repayable . 
  a combination of stabilization of gdp , decrease of corruption ( and thus increase of tax revenue ) would , i believe , allow for several meaningful tax cuts . 
  i need to stress that the greek debt is not an economics issue any more ( which is what varoufakis could never figure out ) , it is a political issue and politics is what will solve it , not economics . 
  i say that as someone with an economics degree . 
   what incentives ? 
  on what basis do you predict businesses will start hiring more people or that there will be growth in the private sector ? 
  how would you fund subsidies or jobs programmes ? 
  i am rather fond of the way britain does things with tax credits for hiring more full time people . 
  it would be part of the tax decreases mentioned above . 
  i would , under no circumstances , hire more public employees . 
  ok , maybe a few more tax collectors as we genuinely have too few today and they tend to pay their own cost . 
  that will probably would need more research . 
   however , over the 3 years of the programme , where will the increased revenue to pay in principle come from if the economy does n't grow ? 
  i 'm not seeing how aggregate growth flows from the policy particulars . 
  i hope my answers above satisfy to an extend this question . 
  also , refinancing through bond exchanges will certainly further help things and allow greater room for economic manoeuvres to further stimulate the economy . 
   after your time running things according to your plan , can you describe concretely how things like domestic demand , gdp , unemployment , poverty , and social cohesion would be impacted ? 
  since i am not a pm , i do n't need to bullshit people for confidence , so here it goes : first year we will have further depression . 
  unfortunately , further depression after the grexit debacle is inevitable . 
  first year , at the minimum , we would have a 2 % contraction of the economy , going up to 5 % if some major world wide screw-ups happen . 
  considering our economy is 70 % of what it was 5 years ago , that would essentially be a further 1.5-3 % further contraction .
