  so , basically he is completely unelectable in general elections ? 
  well , hope ya 'll enjoy another majority conservative government because it looks inevitable unless something major changes . 
   okay i 'll repeat there 's millions of them and with the budgets of turkey and lebanon , of course they 're going to be bad conditions . 
  i only mention that they are good because at least they are n't closing the border to refugees and kicking them back to a warzone . 
  of course they should do they 're share but i think millions is a bit much . 
  right , which brings me back to my original point : why do you assume the eu camps , that will be built with far larger resources , be equally bad ? 
   good luck processing background checks on hundreds of thousands of people per year . 
  they should all be done by the time the conflict is over . 
  it 's actually not that hard when the people actively produce documentation . 
  the reason it is currently such a pain is because them producing documentation , unless they are certain they will receive asylum , actively goes against their best interests since , if their application is rejected , they can be deported . 
  if they , on the other hand , have no documentation , they ca n't be legally deported . 
  that produces an incentive to simply not show any documentation and stall out until they are forgotten about and blend in . 
  if , on the other hand , documentation were the way to get into europe , the same people would be actively incentivized to bring their papers with them or , at least , have verification about their origins . 
  a few would fall through the cracks , sure , but certainly not a significant amount . 
  with the documentation available , judging claims and doing background checks is incredibly easy and can even be done automatically . 
  i do n't think this task is as big as you present it to be . 
   also does a felon deserve to stay in a refugee because they have previously committed a crime . 
  by that rationale , they could seriously harm the communities in the camp because of lack of a rigorous policing system . 
  i mean , you could kick them out of the camp and send them home but would you want to condemn someone to an active conflict to be killed or wounded because of previous crimes . 
  a felon is less desirable than a non-felon , yes . 
  so naturally the non-felon will enter europe easier . 
  that 's the consequences of bad choices and it is a theme worldwide . 
  it 's a different discussion though , so i wo n't get into it , but i will state i agree with the rationale that a non-felon should take priority . 
  also , of course , the camps would have crime . 
  i think that much is obvious . 
  but the current ghettos we have in europe also have very high crime . 
  the immigrants moving through europe also have a large amount of crime ( and rioting ) . 
  neither solution would be significantly better in that regard . 
  in the camp , we could at least help train people there to police themselves and be more organized about it . 
   on the point of voluntary quotas , i think that the plays made recently by ruling parties ( denmark etc ) are just to shore up support from parts of their electorate . 
  its just grand standing for political points , i.e sticking it to the man ( eu ) . 
  it 's a push-back against * obligatory quotas * , not immigration as a whole in itself . 
  one represents loss of sovereignty to a third country ( germany ) and the other is a question of ability and economics . 
   so you would have these people still live in horrific conditions why do you assume that ? 
  it would n't be a 5 star hotel , of course , but the living conditions , for not too great a cost , could be perfectly reasonable with clean water , decent food and housing . 
   as they were already in turkey and lebanon . 
  you literally brought lebanon and turkey as good examples in your previous post . 
  are they horrible or are they examples to be followed ? 
  which is it , because i am kind of confused . 
   more of the humanitarian crisis without any of the action . 
  i mean , letting the eu countries taking people in would help , but there 's nothing stopping that already . 
  i just think that the richest economic area on earth can do a lot more than it is currently doing right now . 
  i think that this reluctance is informed by either greed or xenophobia . 
  sure we could . 
  letting them form a horde to move randomly across nations to great detriment of both the locals and the immigrants * is doing less * than building a reasonable and safe place for them to flee from persecution . 
  additionally , in europe , at best , will come a few hundred thousand peoples . 
  if the camp is build , we could accomondate way more than that . 
  also , as i noted in my post above , i would not be against selecting immigrants in need and accepting them , some permantly and some not , to europe . 
  for my country of greece , for example , i think we could handle a few thousands even with the economic crisis . 
  other countries could also accept on voluntary basis people with confirmed backgrounds and , in fact , are way more likely to do so than accepting random migrants who have not been screened in any way . 
  it is easier to hard sell accepting a family man who never had a criminal record than a 20something year old male who god knows what his background was . 
   do n't get me wrong it 's not just europe that is abandoning their moral duty . 
  israel and the gulf states have a lot to answer for . 
  agreed . 
  i actually think we should help too . 
  if had you bothered to read the discussion further on i had with / u/omnipotentatus instead of jumping straight into insults , you would know . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kjux5/denmark_says_no_to_eus_160000_refugee_plan/cuy686l ) is what i am proposing . 
  i actually want a viable solution that both protects the immigrants ( both from the war in their countries and from a dangerous passage at sea ) and also allows a number of them to legally enter europe according to their need and ours . 
  i think your opinions all stem from the fact that you hate people , want to eat babies and shit on their corpses . 
  i do n't have any evidence to support that , i am just stating out loud bullshit to smear you because that 's okey apparently . 
  the analogy referred to policies of the eu , not the refugees themselves . 
  i think if anything is telling here is how much you want to smear people you disagree with , you and everyone like you . 
  so fuck off , 
  just because you are dense and ca n't figure out how comparing two shitty `` solutions '' works , it does n't mean the analogy is without merit . 
  of what exactly ? 
  as far as i am concerned , it is a perfectly valid analogy . 
   yes you are no i am not . 
   `` a is the same way as b '' is the way you make a comparison in this thing called human language . 
  yes , but i did n't do that , did i ? 
  i said `` x is to y like z is to f '' i did n't say x is like z. 
  there is a fundamental difference there . 
  learn english grammar before jumping into accusations . 
  it 's clearly dothraki fool . 
  the reason there are so many boat people is that they know that if they reach europe , they wo n't be deported for a long time , if at all . 
  if they all knew they would go straight back to the camp , they would simply just go there and cut their losses . 
  protecting outer borders then , will be far cheaper and less difficult with far fewer attempts at crossing them illegally . 
  i agree that the eu should help but it will be simply not much of a deal afterwards . 
  there is proof this happens too . 
  australia did it and it completely worked . 
  camp itself . 
  if they want to join europe , they can apply there . 
  there are other solutions too . 
  i am an advocate for opening a massive , un-style , refugee camp in the middle east ( either libya or syria itself ) and accept all those who want to go there while deporting there all the illegal immigrants currently in europe . 
  then , after applications are made there , european countries can voluntarily accept people from there according to need of the countries ( eg proffesional skills ) and the need of immigrants ( vulnerable groups such as children , women and minority religions ) . 
  no borders or a mess in the border countries are n't the only two solutions . 
  no , i am not . 
  read again what i wrote . 
  my point was that distributing the illegals and legalizing them does n't solve the problem , just distributes it and legalizes it much like legalizing rape would n't solve rape , just remove it from the crime statistics . 
  well , that was because the solution ( i guess you mean the immigrant distribution ) was a terrible one . 
  it 's a solution the same way legalizing rape would completely stop the crime of rape . 
  compared to germany , it kind of is . 
  unless most of europe united behind italy , germany can do what it wants . 
  also , it 's not like italy can just return the immigrants en mass alone . 
  you need a political backing for it that simply does n't exist currently , and not for a lack of trying from the southern states . 
  at this point , the biggest barrier in this shitshow is germany . 
  even so , the very fact that this is populism means it is very popular amongst danes , no ? 
  no , but you still have to follow them else you get extremely penalized . 
  malta is n't germany , it ca n't throw its weight around to change the rules on the fly . 
  i do n't think you understand why we say the best weather is in the south . 
  the south does n't just have summers .
