  it would be illegal , or an extreme pain in the ass , for foreign bussinesses to operate within greece . 
  guess where all the foreign tourists come from ? 
  that 's right , countries other than greece , ergo they are foreign . 
  if travel agencies are legally not allowed to do bussiness in greece ( or severely restricted in what kind of bussiness ) then they simply wo n't come to greece . 
  how strong or weak or currency is will be * irrelevant * in all of this . 
  the reasons why our tourism will be severely hit is self-evident . 
  do you have any reasoning behind why you think sanctions wo n't kill our tourism industry ? 
   importing oil would n't be all that difficult , if you had money to pay for it . 
  and you would . 
  what with all that money you are not spending on repaying debt now and oil hitting historically low prices , and foreign tourists bringing hard currencies when visiting . 
  okey , i need you to understand something : we do n't make money . 
  we do n't make enough money to repay the debt . 
  we do n't make enough money to pay for our own stuff . 
  we do n't make money . 
  right now greece is running on borrowed money . 
  if we stop that , we wo n't have extra money to buy anything . 
  it will be the opposite , we will have no money to buy anything . 
  i really ca n't put it in simpler terms than that . 
  we do n't have the money required to pay our debt or sustain us right now with how the situation is . 
   as for the long term consequences ... 
  your debt is totally unrepayable - there is literally no chance of paying it back , and after seven years it seems obvious that there is no will in creditors let greece off the hook . 
  you will be paying those debts for the foreseeable future and nothing good will come out of this . 
  well , at least not for you . 
  there is no chance to pay it back * currently * . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't pay it long term . 
  if the situation in greece stabilizes ( like it did a year ago and like it was done in spain , portugal and ireland ) the interest rates drop off dramatically and you can simply borrow at a lower rate to pay the higher rate debt . 
  it is a fact other countries are now able to manage their debt and greece would be no different if it were not for the recent catastrophic government mistakes . 
  i agree with that long-term ( see flair for more details on my opinion of the eu ) but in that particular moment , when we were trying to negotiate a last-minute bailout , threats of leaving ( or actually leaving ) would kill whatever remained of the creditors ' trust in us and would have been catastrophic . 
  2 decades is way too optimistic an estimate . 
  please read my reply to the polish fellow about it . 
  what you are saying is not possible ... or rather , the cost of it is so high , it simply is not a viable option and it is meant to be that way . 
  okey , i say this hopefully without any offence caused but you are severely misinformed if you think  it 's rather unlikely anybody will borrow you any more money for quite some time is the extend of what will happen if we bail . 
  first of all , since it is a blatant disregard of international law , automatic sanctions will kick in . 
  know how greece 's economy is reliant on tourism ? 
  yeah , that kills that . 
  secondarily , the debt , even if we pretend does n't exist , every other country will continue aknowledging its existence . 
  that means we ca n't enter the market not for `` several years '' but theoretically forever until we are prepared to pay back and , with greece 's most important economic sector severely hit , this will take a long arse time . 
  finally , yes , they absolutely can seize stuff that belongs to the greek state . 
  a few obvious choices would be from the greek merchant fleet of which greece has a large one . 
  second , a lot of the money we currently `` have '' ( aka money we borrowed ) is not actually held in greece , but outside of greece . 
  we will lose any security blanket . 
  that means no oil imports , no energy imports ( of which we do for 80 % of our energy . 
  means all non-essential buildings could lose electricity for the majority of every day ) , no tharmaceutical imports unless done under humanitarian aid which ... yeah , we will need etc. 
  hell , they could even pull [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/dec/20/argentina-sailing-ship-ghana-release ) and , imagine , this was done by private individuals and not even a superstate . 
  and honestly , this probably is just the surface of the shitshow that will follow immediately of the stupid decision to stop paying debt . 
  the long term consequences could be even worse . 
  i honestly would n't rule out a civil war over it because greece will become literally third world of the worst kind . 
  nope , most of it is since we swapped most of our debt recently for eu issued debt . 
  you do understand we ca n't suspend the debt , right ? 
  we signed the papers under british common law which does n't recognize bankruptcy . 
  unilaterally stopping debt repayment would be illegal under international law . 
  in short , we would still have to pay , just outside the eu . 
  not everyone benefitted but the majority did . 
  thatcher was the best thing to happen to the british economy . 
  london would not be the powerhouse it is today if it was n't for her . 
  the uk economy would be in greece 's situation today if the huge coal subsidies continued . 
  thatcher saved britain even if she had to kill off a vestigial , outmodded industry . 
  noob does n't matter . 
  it 's honestly 90 % psychology 10 % gameplay at this stage :p if yer done with the studies , give us a visit . 
  you do n't have to play the full 5 hours either if you ca n't / do n't want to . 
  it 's standard practice in the economist to not name the articles . 
  they have a lengthy explanation about it . 
  if you want , i can look it up . 
  i do . 
  people have an ideological drive to have sex , even more so than women . 
  in societies where sex ratios were skewed ( like late imperial china ) a lot of violence and even revolutions can be attributed to sexual insecurity . 
  ** full text for those without a subscription : ** since the attacks in cologne several commentators have argued that europe has a `` man problem '' . 
  writing in politico magazine , valerie hudson , a political scientist , argued that `` the sex ratios among migrants are so one-sided ... that they could radically change the gender balance in european countries in certain age cohorts '' -- especially young ones . 
  is this the case ? 
  more young men than young women have indeed been coming to europe . 
  of the 1.2 m asylum applicants in the last 12 months of available data , 73 % were men , up from 66 % in 2012 . 
  those men skew increasingly young : according to eurostat , the proportion of male asylum claimants who were 18 - to 34-year-olds was 40 % in october 2015 ( the latest available data ) , up from 35 % in 2012 . 
  males between 14 and 17 years old accounted for 11 % of all asylum-seekers , up from 5 % in 2012 . 
  the numbers , however , differ by nationality . 
  around 60 % of all male asylum-seekers from algeria and morocco were 18 - to 34-year-olds . 
  by contrast just 48 % of the iraqis , 38 % of the syrians and 31 % of the afghans fell into this age group . 
  proportions of young males also differ by host country ( see chart ) . 
  sweden took three asylum-seekers for every 1,000 inhabitants in the 12 months to september 2015 . 
  that is the highest ratio in europe . 
  alongside this , it also has more young male asylum-seekers : in the past 12 months 17 % were 14 - to 17-year-olds , compared with only 6 % in germany . 
  this will alter the sex ratio for some age groups in sweden . 
  as ms hudson points out , the teenage population will become more male : currently there are 106 male 14 - to 17-year-olds for every 100 women . 
  if all asylum applications are granted , this will change to 116 men to 100 women , while for those aged between 18 and 34 the male-to-female ratio will go from 105:100 to 107:100 . 
  this is worrisome . 
  skewed sex ratios would mean lots of sexually frustrated young men , which is a recipe for trouble . 
  but the example of sweden does not reflect what will happen across the whole of europe . 
  ( ms hudson also conflates asylum applications with asylum granted . 
  not all of the 20,000 16 - to 17-year-olds she says entered sweden in 2015 will receive full refugee status ; on current trends , around 17,000 will . ), 
  the countries that will be most affected are small , with populations under 10m . 
  sweden , hungary , austria and norway would see the biggest sex-ratio changes ( and only if they accepted all the asylum-seekers who applied ) . 
  germany has less to worry about . 
  if it accepted all the young males who sought asylum in the year to october 2015 , its sex ratios would go from 106:100 to 107:100 for 14 - to 17-year-olds and from 105:100 to 106:100 for 18 - to 34-year-olds . 
  europe does not have a man problem . 
  sweden may have . 
  put simply , all the non-player colonial nations are dead . 
  i annexed portugal and france annexed england . 
  only competitor is norway and even norway does n't get much footing . 
  haha , yeah . 
  but i will survive . 
  now i am expanding a bit my plans for other stuff to compensate for the loss of aragon .
