  marx opposed democracy because he considered it ( correctly , if i may add , i just happen to think it 's a good thing ) a capitalist tool and a bourgeois based system . 
  he believed true ( tm ) freedom would only come once bourgeois democracy dies . 
  he did n't oppose freedom though . 
  in fact , the very point of end-communism is to provide an absolute freedom in a stateless society so obviously he would support the idea of freedom . 
  he also supported overthrowing democracies to install `` proletariat dictatorships '' in order to purge society from the old system . 
  that is obviously and directly anti-democratic . 
  not that pinochet was any better ( because he really really was n't ) but if salvador allende is the best you can offer , you are proving my point . 
  i will assume you are n't trolling and legitimately do n't know : he was the controversial marxist economic minister of greece from january 2015 when syriza got elected until the grexit referendum in august where he resigned . 
  many leftists love him for his rhetoric and calling out banks and institutions or whatever ( sorry , i am not a leftist ) and most right wingers ( that 's me ) hate his fucking guts for wrecking our economy and having the same economic impact as the plague in greece . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yanis_varoufakis#minister_of_finance_and_the_syriza_government_.28january-august_2015.29 ) is his wiki page for further info . 
  god fucking damnit , we just had this thread in / r/greece and it was a proper shitshow . 
  to reiterate my points from there : varoufakis , as usual , is talking outta his arse . 
  there has never been a non-capitalist democracy in modern history . 
  capitalism can survive without democracy but democracy could never survive without some form of capitalism . 
  democracy is n't dying because of capitalism because modern democracy is a daughter of capitalism . 
  even fucking marx agreed to that ( which is why he opposed democracy ) . 
  / u/dakarans usually does every week in the new thread . 
  lots of interesting developments this week to write about too . 
  you should try it , it 's an excellent game !, 
  but uh , probably should n't be hijacking this thread :p, 
  haha , thanks . 
  we just finished our today 's session . 
  you should join us next week !, 
  indeed . 
  nsdap was left wing economically , yes . 
  it was also seated on the center left in the parliament . 
  honestly , left/right divide is a pretty bullshit way to describe people and ideologies and it consistently fails to do it . 
  yeah , persia , but he left and persia 's in ruins now so he will continue with prussia which he wanted to play from the start . 
  he basically did n't play prussia ( which he did 2 sessions ago ) because m8stro wanted to continue playing it . 
  i think it 's fair to let him play prussia this time since m8stro is n't coming . 
  cat is coming back so he will play prussia . 
  we are going in without lube :\\ ^ ) aragon is dead this time though so you need a different country , probably . 
  there are still quite a few choices though , so that 's nice . 
  there are a ton of available countries right now that are medium-power . 
  austria , many holy roman countries , scotland ( technically ) and quite a few outside of europe . 
   do i need some extension to play with you ? 
  nope , just eu4 !, 
  game has steamworks so it works fine , 
  that 's lies and italian propaganda , i tell ya !, 
  we are using the new patch since it is save-compatible and we tested our save file and it worked great . 
  the only problem is countries with lots of vassals and low prestige might have some problems . 
  on a side-note , i apologize again for the technical difficulties of the last game . 
  hopefully , with dakarans now hosting , there wo n't be any and we will have a smooth session . 
  sometimes , save files just corrupt unfortunately and this seemed the case last time . 
  it 's almost like the balance of power i created made the game interesting or something :\\ ^ ), 
  yes , people did n't engage the other , it was two way . 
   is there no differentiation between the provoker and the provoked , the powerful and numerous against the minority ? 
  no there is no differentiation when you describe behaviour , not the morality of it . 
   if a woman gets raped by a man and then refuses to interact with him is it a two way thing ? 
  what ... what are you even trying to say here ? 
  i am ok with that . 
  trump 's presidency will be hilarious . 
   you 're acting like they deserved this treatmen i honestly * honestly * ca n't see how you read that in my post . 
  i obviously do n't think they deserve any of that , i was just describing what their reaction was which i do n't think is historical revisionism . 
  that 's not revisionism if it happened . 
  jews did n't engage with christian communities and christian communities did n't engage with jews . 
  the jews also believed christians to be infidels , so it was a 2 way thing . 
  if you read about jewish thought during the enlightenment , for example , you will see evidence of this attitude . 
  this is n't an accusation towards the jews , but it is a fact . 
  not exactly genetics but maybe you will find [ this ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/christmas-specials/21683971-seventy-years-after-adolf-hitlers-death-how-germans-see-him-changing-what ) article interesting . 
  especially this part :  sons and daughters accused their parents and professors of complicity and rebelled at home and on campus . 
  their elders retreated into sanitised tales of what they had done or lived through . 
  a husband-and-wife team of psychoanalysts , alexander and margarete mitscherlich , called this pathology `` the inability to grieve '' in a book of that title published in 1967 . 
  this mired the germans in an ongoing moral and psychological crisis , they thought . 
  it 's more of a psychological trauma in the german society than a biological decline . 
  that said and done , it should be noted that eugenics and social darwinism is bad not because it * does n't work * but because it 's completely immoral . 
  it is a fact that if you breed people for certain characteristics , those characteristics will appear . 
  i do n't think that is the case with germany , but it should be said . 
  i mean , not that much if we judge by modern values . 
  jews were anti-social in that they refused to engage with christian communities outside of commerce . 
  jews also were infidels to europeans and europeans were infidels to them in a rather religious period of european history . 
  jews also , unlike most minorities , tended to be richer and also practice highly , as people thought at the time , immoral practices like usury which was strictly forbidden to christians . 
  and as ck2 teaches us , lords tended to borrow money from jews but suddenly remember that jews killed jesus when it was time to pay back . 
  tourism and also schengen means nothing when it comes to immigration , but is still useful when you , eg , take a plane ( which most western tourists and greeks do ) . 
  it 's not that the germans are evil people cackling at the creation of the 4th reich or something . 
  that 's obviously absurd . 
  the eu `` solidarity '' is a lie and has always been . 
  eu is a failed system and everyone who is n't completely naive knows it . 
  the reason germans look like exploiters to greeks is because germany acts according to germany 's interests , as is it be expected . 
  their interests do not allign with ours currently but we still hold absurd notions of `` solidarity '' . 
  we still call germans our `` partners '' . 
  we should call them what they are : our debtors here to collect . 
  that 's fine . 
  i do n't blame germany for that . 
  i blame us for holding delusions about what germany 's role is . 
  first thing was the eu , headed by germany and a few others , deciding aiding terrorists in libya and syria sounded like a spiffing idea because assad and gadhafi had to go or something . 
  then you invited them thus fucking up our borders while also depressing our economy . 
  our bad for only calling you out on your latest bullshit , we should start from the beginning , really . 
  what was the origin ? 
  i guess a pound was worth ... well , a pound weight of something ? 
  no , no it does n't . 
  a group of men from cultures with no respect to women 's rights does though . 
  yes , we send them to germany . 
  last time i checked , ms. merkel said they are welcome and there is no upper limit on how many you can accept . 
  and suddenly , 3 times as many `` refugees '' appeared . 
  if you do n't like getting all these people , do n't elect politicians that invite them . 
   the logic that the greek government signed an agreement that says that you need to register any refugees coming into your country and process their asylum request ? 
  and so did austria , slovenia , germany , denmark and france . 
  magical how it just happens that those countries also occasionally lose tens of thousands of immigrants , huh ? 
  it 's almost like tiny countries ( or even huge countries , like germany or france ) ca n't handle millions of immigrants .
