  so where are the snarky comments and threats about the rest of the countries ? 
   you should be more upset that your government signed an agreement that favours the northern part of the eu to an extreme . 
  even without being able to foresee the current situation , it never made sense that only the refugees would n't be a joint issue in the eu . 
  of cause the southern , or eastern , countries would always be receiving the most refugees . 
  what 's the chance of 10.000 refugees showing up in belgium , germany , denmark or the netherlands without having come through another eu country first ? 
  it 's practically zero . 
  the agreement is being ignored by everyone , including us . 
  france , italy etc are doing the exact same thing as us . 
  i honestly do n't see why we are specially singled out . 
   honestly , i would prefer that the eu just distribute the refugees among the member states . 
  anyone that does n't want to accept their share , should be kicked out , immediately . 
  the eu already tried this and the eu failed because this is a terrible fucking plan , directly interferes with the sovereignty and intergration to the point of the eu dictating migration policy is extremely unpopular amongst most of the european peoples . 
  basically , there is no reason for greece to be singled out except we are weak right now and that asshole wants an easy target to blame for his shitty open borders policy blowing up on his face . 
  am i allowed to be outraged by this ? 
  because this is pretty fucking outrageous . 
  by what fucking logic is greece to blame for any of this ? 
  man , i try to remain levelheaded about the whole thing , but this scapegoatting , victimblaming makes me really fucking mad . 
  i really should make an alt account called must_warn_otters and then pretend i am a canadian shitposter . 
  it would be like being a greek shitposter but with more moose jokes , really . 
  are we allowed to spam the modmail with dick jokes though ? 
  that 's the important question here :\\ ^ ), 
  well , building ships at any rate . 
  i tripled the size of my fleet last game . 
  might as well have a flat out advantage in one area . 
  a shame i ca n't dislocate spain and make it an island :p, 
  well , georgia is now an independent nation , and a big one at that . 
  so if you wan na join , you can play that next time !, 
   who is your favourite user in / r/europe ? 
  there ... there is an arathian there . 
  :3 thanks whomever wrote that . 
  i consider myself a greek nationalist in the ethnocultural sense ( rather than the civic sense ) . 
  i believe there is inherent benefit in preserving all possible aspects and traditions of my culture , and everyone else 's cultures too . 
  on a less ideological level , i like my country and greeks but shit do we have a lot of problems that we , as a society , need to fix . 
  you do n't have to be patriotic to protest assertions that all people in your country are backwards savages , racists etc, 
  it is not really like civ . 
  you can build both armies and buildings at the same time . 
  gold , although valuable , is not the absolute limiting resource . 
  you also kinda found us in a period of extremely hostility between 2 megablocks . 
  we actually had a huge war over it , and that 's the 2nd or 3rd one , depending on how you count . 
  aragon is under the rightful hand of the spanish king again :\\ ^ ), 
  nope !, 
  i am in toronto right now . 
  probably yes . 
  i vote to keep dekarans as the host since he is in europe and i am in na . 
  but either would be fine for me . 
  well , you will be happy to know , i conquered all of aragon this session :p, 
  true enough . 
  probably should n't have happened in the first place . 
  if cat wants to play prussia , i will put who gets the country up to a vote . 
  simply stuff . 
  vote with your heart and all that . 
  [ neat-o ] ( http://api.ning.com/files/nec3susjox4rzue696fcm0ptmfxfrtejedoiwyb9hvr2srlloo6k0bhxf6bjz*pqhm67oqfliq0*ig2aur5agjrnyurqqosu/highfivehdwallpapers.jpg ), 
   and i am expecting company tonight the fun type ? 
  all people that have been here from the start probably have a bit more of a claim than normal ... i mean , that makes sense . 
  the problem is that both m8stro and cat played prussia for one ( the same ) session . 
  m8stro played it longer and cat played it last , so this is kind of unclear . 
  not kicking anyone out . 
  they can talk it out , as i said . 
  but the rules always were `` last player to control the nation '' . 
  in this case , this is unclear thus the `` talk it out '' . 
  edit : to expand a bit further . 
  there are many ways to resolve this . 
  i talked to the guy who had joined and he still wanted to keep prussia ( which , you know , makes sense ) but m8stro also wants to play prussia . 
  it would be unfair to say to the guy who played the nation 4 hours that he ca n't play it again because he left for an hour and a half but it is also unfair to say to the guy who played the nation last that he ca n't play it either . 
  my assumption with nation assignments is that everyone here is an adult who can decide amicably with the others what to play . 
  if they both really want prussia , they can actually both play prussia . 
  co-op is possible after all ( and allowed ) . 
  hope that clears the thing up . 
  edit2 : oh , also , full disclosure . 
  cat ( the new player ) absolutely is a friend of mine . 
  i did n't bring him to have another ally though . 
  he actually played with us in the first session as brandenburg way back then but did n't come again . 
  he wanted to join again so when we restarted , he jumped in , basically . 
  beargoeswild streams it every time !, 
  http://www.twitch.tv/beargoeswild/ here is his twitch channel , 
  he kinda does ... if you can pick another country , it would be great to avoid a conflict . 
  typically , whomever played a country last has a claim on it too . 
  still , if you both want it , you could always talk it out . 
  wan na know what wo n't make you feel good ? 
  i lost aragon after italy and france backstabbed me : <, 
  that really depends on the areas . 
  the problem is that there are many dangerous places right next to touristy places so the bad rep comes from people who stray a bit off the path accidentally . 
   first of all , do you realize that greece was in defaulted state for about 50 % of it 's modern existence ? 
  that 's both incorrect and irrelevant to today 's discussion . 
   and defaulted at least five times since gaining independence ? 
  and there are countries that it a lot more , including european ones ( spain , mostly ) ? 
  and so did germany , i do n't see the relevance here . 
  this is a different situation . 
  back then , we defaulted on war debts . 
  this debt is a debt we took under no durress and our economy simply can not sustain it . 
  also , fun fact , the only other debt we took under british common law ? 
  our war of independence debt in 1828 . 
  after 5 bankrupchies , we finally repaid it in full in the 1960s . 
  there is no running away from this debt . 
  just accept the fact so you do n't hold any delusions in that regard . 
   but i do n't believe you would get a hit in tourism . 
  if anything , leaving euro and dramatically lower value of new drachma would keep people coming from aboard . 
  if you are trying to suggest that sanctions will stop that ... yeah , right . 
  just like they led to total collapse of russian economy and major civil war there . 
  i. . . am not sure you understand what sanctions are .
