  you guys should n't have created aids , now it 's harder for you to be safe to eat goyim hearts . 
  kosovo is de facto independent , yes . 
  also , kosovo is de jure independent for most countries too , but not for all . 
  which , as a kosovar , you should probably know . 
  both mubarak and morsi became dictators . 
  the difference being that mubarak supressed people along of what they did , even if that was to an extreme level , while morsi did it based on what they * were * . 
  one is clearly worse than the other . 
  you can never change what you are . 
  you can change the way you act . 
  yes , it 's terrible , but still better than morsi . 
  [ yeah , greece had something similar too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl6t2ivda9g&amp;ab_channel=%ce%a4%ce%b1%cf%80%ce%b9%ce%bf%ce%91%cf%83%cf%84%ce%b5%ce%af%ce%b1%ce%92%ce%af%ce%bd%cf%84%ce%b5%ce%bf ), 
  that does n't change much . 
  morsi tried to apply extremely suppressing laws towards minorities . 
  he refused to even consider pluralism . 
  the moment he ignored the rights if the minority he lost his democratic legitimacy . 
  he was no less a dictator than mubarak . 
  tried to keep the answer as neutral as possible :p, 
  a ) because they do n't meet ... any criteria for joining . 
  not political , not fiscal ones . 
  nothing , really . 
  b ) because even if they did , we would veto them as we did with them trying to join nato . 
  i think we should heavily fund turkey as well as open large , un-style refugee camps in syria to take care of any emergencies and then take applications from immigrants there with emphasis on the need of those immigrants . 
  for example , women and minority religions are in more danger and should have priority . 
  people with more valuable skills should have priority and so on . 
  i am not for a simple `` dump and forget '' . 
  i also think that people who support the current catastrophic disregard of our laws do not want to properly solve the problem either . 
  i want her to arrest , tie me and punish me appropriately . 
  we expect them to stay in turkey and apply for asylum from there . 
  they are not paid to march . 
  they are paid to riot . 
  my family has a hotel in zakynthos and ... yeah , can confirm . 
  irish are pretty bad at that too . 
  ironically , russians , while they do get drunk , stop at that `` i am too drunk to move but not drunk enough to vomit/pass out '' and then stumble home . 
  go west i guess . 
  bulldog is a strong and independent carry who do n't need no support . 
  yeah , the funny sounding runic speech, 
  but do n't you guys have as an official language that funny sounding runic speech ? 
  why ? 
  many other people here do n't hold the same views as me on free speech . 
  some do n't believe extreme speech should be allowed . 
  i disagree on that . 
  reddit is not a hivemind . 
  i believe in the absolute freedom of free speech , some do n't . 
  some do but believe the law should be applies as long as it is the law . 
  it 's not as simple . 
  she is a fucking scumbag . 
  she should also not have been arrested in the first place . 
  her ideology is toxic dogshit . 
  but she should have been allowed to preach it . 
  i said that in the previous threads about her too . 
  that enough ? 
  great to hear that man . 
  enjoy you new home , 
  you are in cyprus now , no ? 
  do you feel welcome there ? 
  do you like cyprus more than egypt ? 
  sure , experts are good , but in the end of the day , unaccountable experts will just grow corrupt like everyone else does . 
  just because someone is a chemistry instead of a polisci major does n't mean he wo n't do shitty things . 
  being unable to vote them out only worsens the issue . 
   actually , no , you do n't . 
  what you do choose is one of several candidates whose policies are all alike , and neither of whom will be held responsible if the promises he or she gave to you are broken . 
  that 's demonstrably false . 
  simply open the programe of syriza and golden dawn . 
  they disagree on literally everything . 
  as for the broken promises , you can , and people do , punish them by voting them out . 
  for example , the most recent polish elections . 
   yeah , in a perfect system , it is n't . 
  but then , we are not living in a perfect system . 
  corruption exists , of course , but the majority of the money is still used for social ways . 
  else , roads , bridges , social security etc would not exist . 
  their very existence proves my point . 
   and still , every single of these things were created before a form of taxation `` for the greater good '' existed . 
  people created something called `` companies '' for that , in effect investment funds for singular , large-scale projects . 
  the investments then were repaid by means of tolls . 
  large scale roads have never , in history , been created by a private entity . 
  private entities can be hired by the state to complete certain aspects of it but they have never made them privately . 
  never . 
  feel free to prove me wrong by linking a single case . 
   why industry today should not be interested to build roads , bridges or hospitals today ( to improve mission-critical infrastructure ) has never been explained by statists . 
  roads , hospitals etc all multiply their economic cost into profit multiple times over , even in the short term . 
  there are n't just statistics on this ( which there are . 
  enough to fill up libraries worth of data ) . 
  there are literally schools of economics studying the effects of infrastructure on the economy . 
  denying this is paramount to denying evolution or gravity . 
  it 's not up to debate . 
   technically , i do , because i own them , at least a fraction of them . 
  now i did n't run the numbers , but i am pretty sure i own more than i use . 
  why should i have been paying for that ? 
  you do n't own them . 
  the public does , of which you are a part of . 
  the public is a separate legal entity from you . 
  if it was n't , you would n't be able to sue the state . 
  and as a matter of fact , you ca n't access all you pay for too . 
  millitary bases or buildings that concern national security or the pms office , for example . 
   only when they do n't . 
  for instance , which organization is usually the first one to set up shelters and soup kitchens after a cataclystic earthquake in japan ? 
  nope , people would literally freeze or starve to death if they waited for the government . 
  it 's the yakuza . 
  not a singular example , though . 
  who cleaned up neighborhoods after hurricane sandy ?
