  the whole point of fighting nazis is to not become a dictatorship ourselves . 
  if we are to become like gd to stop gd , what 's the point ? 
  and akel are stalinists . 
  both are terrible . 
  i believe in freedom to state your opinion in a political setting regardless . 
  if they move beyond that into counter-democratic moves , throw them in jail as per the already established laws . 
  i have the same issue with far left parties too , see venezuela for example . 
  both are terrible . 
  i am for allowing both of them but allowing one and not the other just stinks hypocrisy to me . 
  as far as i know , the labour party , even in its hardcore days , never espoused marxism . 
  in the 70s , when all the shitshows were happening , they were still social democrats . 
  akel professes marxism even today , even a quick look to its wikipedia page states that . 
  does the labour party openly espouse marxism-leninism as it 's official policy ? 
  just because they were corrupt does n't make em not commies . 
  as far as i am concerned , corruption is a central theme of all far left regimes . 
   `` listen . 
  we have a democracy . 
  this is the decision of the people . 
  why do others accept the decision of the public to elect the other parties but this somehow is n't a decision by the people to vote for them ? '' pretty much yeah . 
  i mean , cyprus was literally ruled by commies so it 's not like before politics were centrist and this is a shock or something . 
  if i am supposed to respect the people 's decision to vote for commies ( and i do ) , then so do i for the far right . 
  yeah , everyone knows that to go to vacations as an irishman you got ta taste a leprechaun 's `` rainbow '' , not fight it . 
  actually i quite like the video personally . 
  found it interesting . 
  but rules  personal opinion . 
  ya 'll asked impartial moderation , that 's how it looks like . 
  if it 's a-political ( any politics ) then we have a less rigorous process . 
  the moment it states any statistics , it needs citations and proper sourcing . 
  we delete a lot of unsourced/lightly sourced `` info graphics '' . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is low quality . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is low quality . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  i wrote to you a bit of a longer response in regards to this in the modmail . 
  unfortunately , `` primary '' sources ( such as , indeed , facebook ) are not allowed in / r/europe because we aim for a more vetted and nuanced discussion . 
  if the video you posted was picked up and reported by news outlets , we would absolutely allow an article on the video by a reputable outlet and comment with further context and link directly to the youtube video . 
  thank you for your submission . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is low quality and not properly sourced . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  previous removal reason was mistaken if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  can we please not have these premptive `` hurdur are n't mods just the worst ? '', 
  post is obviously borderline . 
  i have n't removed it but it could very well could be within the rules . 
  this is an official warning to you for metaposting . 
  we have a sub for that . 
  meta discussion is n't allowed in this sub . 
  we have / r/europemeta for that . 
  that means your comment did break the rules and thus , removed . 
  if you want a discussion of that rule , do feel free to open a thread there . 
  indeed . 
  here is a month ban for you to internalize it . 
  holodomor , the various genocides in the yugoslav wars ( f.ex . 
  genocide of the bosniaks ) , the assyrian and pontic genocides ( along with the armenian ) . 
  i also banned a guy once for some weird rwandan genocide denial . 
  that was a shorter one because it was actually puzzling . 
  no personal attacks . 
  to remind everyone : yes , genocide denial results in an instant permaban . 
  if you want to deny any genocide , i suggest you find a different subreddit than / r/europe . 
  that depends on the context of the quote . 
  if it is an attempt to minimize them , yes . 
  that too , cheers . 
  i delete and ban people who engage in genocide denial . 
  that includes the holocaust , holodomor , the armenian , greek pontiac and assyrian genocide , the genocide of bosniaks and even had a ban for the hutu genocide . 
  if you have a problem with that , door 's right there , kindly fuck right off . 
  i added a misleading tag for that . 
  no he could n't have because varoufakis ' plan was moronic . 
  by the time varoufakis did his things , the eu banks had completely detouched themselves from greek debt by selling it to private individuals . 
  a collapse in greece would n't affect them at all , unlike 2008 . 
  no , that 's a core principle of marxist socialism . 
  a core principle of social democrat socialism is to establish a safety net within capitalism . 
  both definitions can be , and are , valid . 
  well , socialism does n't have to mean anti-capitalist . 
  that you think otherwise does n't mean much except ... well , you are kinda wrong ? 
  social democracy is also conventionally called socialism . 
  and yes , it is capitalist . 
  marxist socialism is n't the only type of socialism . 
  your joke was skirting the line . 
  if anyone 's comments was a clear cut case , he would have been banned . 
  no one was , so none of you are banned but you are warned . 
  keep those jokes to yourself pretty please . 
  good on him then . 
  i do n't believe socialists are bad people , i just think they are wrong economically . 
  if he did needed reforms , that 's a badge of honour on him . 
  because the state massively subsidized ( through massive borrowing and deficits ) inefficient industries like coal mining ? 
  how in the world does that not make sense to you ? 
  they literally paid people money to do a job that made no profit . 
  it 's basic economics how that would work . 
  to some extend sure . 
  i am not pro-eu myself . 
  however , i think it 's undeniable that right wing economics have left a considerable positive mark . 
  the economy is basically bouncing up and down as a function of whether a left wing or right wing government is in power the past 20 years . 
  that 's because the economy the uk had back then ( including the unemployment figures ) were fake , essentially . 
  that 5 % unemployment and sluggish gdp growth was based on massive ( and i do mean massive , current us level massive ) deficits . 
  if britain had continued like that and was lucky enough to not have collapsed pre-2008 , the uk would have been amongst the piig countries for the same reason greece was . 
  once other people 's money ( lending ) dried up , the public sector would no longer be able to subsidize the inefficient , toxic industries . 
  the market would violently readjust to more real rates and unemployment would skyrocket and gdp would collapse ( again , like greece . 
  it 's in fact exactly what happened in greece ) . 
  seeing this , the markets would be even less likely to give money to britain , who would then enter a death spiral ( like uh ... greece has ) .
