  i kind of stated what i would do the first year because the rest depends on how that goes . 
  my personal prediction ( which i strongly believe is true ) is that after 1 year , when the markets have completely calmed and we have earned trust back with the eu and start kicking back some taxes and incentivize ( even temporary ) jobs . 
  by the 2nd year , greece 's gpd will be stable . 
  first half will probably contract , 2nd half grow to counteract that . 
  that growth will be mostly us leeching off the stabilization of the world economy rather than any domestic policies . 
  start of the 2nd year , i would probably gather representatives of a ton of greek industries , a few bureaucrats and lawyers and go through our business restrictions , especially restrictions to setting up a business , with a chainsaw . 
  there are currently a ton of unnecessary bureaucratic bullshit . 
  a combination of much smaller , streamlined regulations with decreased corruption , decreased ( relatively , although in general hopefully too ) taxation , especially in consumer goods , and increased job incentives will start booming the economy by the 3rd year with accumulative growth after that for at least 5 more years before we go to pre-crisis levels . 
  that 's about 8 years in total . 
  meanwhile , the growth will be helping us cut back the debt even further by , you know , paying it . 
  the more we pay the previous debt , the cheaper newer bonds will be which would replace older bonds . 
  we were offered some . 
  we declined . 
  troika was a different matter ( some were dutch citizens but they were n't here on behalf of the dutch government/eu but on behalf of the imf . ), 
  absolutely . 
  punishment is kind of implied there . 
  however , punishing a couple of lowly clerks will do literally nothing and higher level corruption is often trans-national which our woefully undertrained public employees ( who also tend to simply not give much of a fuck ) simply can not uncover in sufficient amounts to cower them into submission after arrests . 
  in any case , even if it is completely , 100 % unnecessary , it wo n't hurt to have a couple of more tax collectors who can instil faith that we are trying to their government . 
  it 's not a matter of pure blood or greek pride . 
  ok , that 's partially a lie , i do have pride in my culture , but there are objective reasons to think that a state should have obligations to its citizens first , especially in a social state whose citizens collectively contribute to the state in order to reap the benefits . 
  the illegals ' wishes , as far as i am concerned , are irrelevant . 
  they have broken the law and are here , as the name would imply , illegally . 
  state policy should be concerned with the welfare of greece , not that of criminals . 
  we are already in a dangerous position politically . 
  so far , greeks have had no problem traveling to other eu countries which has given us a breath with many people escaping inevitable poverty in greece . 
  if we unleash thousands of illegals with greek passports , that will change very very rapidly . 
  legalize which illegals ? 
  the albanians who integrated are already legalized and the newer immigrants do n't want to stay in greece . 
  if we legalized them , they would take the first train to germany and give us a reputation similar to those romanians got from gypsies . 
  it 's true . 
  and west germany profits off east germany the same way . 
  however , e. germany receives massive funding that compensates for that . 
  that 's the big difference between that and the eu . 
  the solution would be either eu becoming a state with standardized internal fund transfers or a split . 
  i am for long term split . 
  the problem with greece is that due to the crisis , everything is extremely complicated nowadays . 
  if magically i became the prime minister tomorrow ( assume with a relatively majority right wing government that roughly follows my ideals ) : - i would follow the current deal with the eu to the fullest extend . 
  - i would appeal for eu countries to provide us with tax collectors and officials charged with looking for public corruption . 
  the eu had actually suggested that before but we declined . 
  i would n't necessarily put them directly collecting taxes ( since they would probably not be many of them ) but instead advisory and overwatching rolls , especially for higher level corruption . 
  - would probably start a `` good will '' tour up north immediately to try to fix tsipras ' diplomatic fuck ups . 
  not just germany , but i would also focus on poland/slovenia/finland / baltics . 
  sign a few cooperation deals , say a couple of nice words in public along with a german official to calm the markets down . 
  - after about 6-8 months of implementing the current deal , i would secretly start talks about actually making the debt reasonably manageable while not creating a situation of potential political suicide for european leaders . 
  basically , debt cuts would be given constant disguises or even provided indirectly ( for example , eu funds could be increased and redicted towards there ) . 
  the point would be for the cuts to happen without anyone noticing . 
  the goal would be that by the end of the first year , a solid guideline towards reducing the debt would be established that would essentially replace the current deal . 
  --------------------------------------- assuming this goes well , and it very well might not since the situation is so volatile , after that i would focus on crushing corruption and reducing state expenses . 
  i would probably tax , to some extend , the church and reduce millitary spending by a bit . 
  hopefully , by then the foreign bureaucrats overseeing the greek collectors will have helped stem tax evasion quite a bit which would afford small tax cuts to benefit the wider population , especially in food . 
  my pet project would probably be to digitize state expenses , so literally every greek could see where the money are spend and then advertise the shit out of that . 
  the idea would be that at least 1/10 greeks will be checking that place occasionally and start to give greeks a `` our tax dollars '' mentallity for watching over the state so we do n't go back to being a cleptocracy when the crisis is over . 
  also start an anti-corruption organization similar to romania 's . 
  it has had great success and , as far as i am concerned , should be immitated . 
  the bigger problem would be to find uncorruptable people . 
  because the people of the island are greek and turkish so both greece and turkey feel a moral obligation to make sure their people are protected , even if those people are not their citizens . 
  in my opinion , it is time to start solving our differences with turkey . 
  the gaping hole that is cyprus in our relations should finally close . 
  congratulations to romanians for having an effective counter-corruption organization . 
  the more i read about it , the better it looks . 
  that 's how you become a proper , advanced state . 
  everyone should take notes . 
  monetary value is kind of arbitrary in many ways . 
  say tomorrow britain decided to replace the pound with pound 2.0 that was the same as the pound but the new pound would be 10 times the value of the current pound . 
  as long as the replacing currency kept to the analogies and britain did n't overprint money , you would have a coin with 10 times the value and nothing would practically change ( in theory , in practice , there would be some minor changes ) . 
  anything that would cost 1 pound would simply now cost 10 pence etc. 
  money is more dependant on the total value of the money based in relation to other currencies combined with the physical amount of money in the system ( not just physical money though ) . 
  that 's kind of higher economics though and it makes my head hurt too . 
  what you should get out of this is that the pound being `` a price '' is kind of irrelevant . 
  the relevancy is how it flunctuates in relation to other coinage and what its purchasing power domestically is . 
  as for why the british pound specifically has a higher value that most coins , i am not entirely sure and it probably has to do with british history . 
  if i recall , britain replaced the gold standard with a fiat currency latter than most countries and britain also had a higher starting price for the pound due to its huge gold reserves thanks to its empire . 
  i could be wrong in that regard though . 
  hope that helped !, 
  yep , and that 's my original point !, 
  this has nothing to do free market and saying that the `` free market will sort it out ! '', 
  is a strawman . 
  basically , we agree . 
  that 's not what i am saying . 
  giving legal framework without enforcement ( which is my point ) is not free market . 
  regulations are n't regulations if their enforcement is a choice . 
  `` free market '' as you use it here is a strawman . 
  they are a black market that does not pay taxes or follows regulations . 
  obviously any untaxed business with no health and safety regulations will outcompete a proper business , that is n't free market . 
  a free market , however , would ( and in my opinion , should ) legalize those smaller private models but require equivalent regulation and taxation as well as minimum standards . 
  that 's free market : fair competition . 
  to be very honest , my memories from that was mostly chan shitposting . 
  made for a very amusing week . 
  not very sombre , but mockery is the best medicine as far as i am concerned . 
  while it is more complicated than that , yeah , i pretty much believe colonial possessions are n't exactly something that should be allowed nowadays . 
  it 's different when the synthesis of the population has changed ( like with turkey and constantinople ) but cyprus has no large british minority to justify them holding any land . 
  might makes right has n't been considered a legitimate thing the past 70 years at least . 
  else we might as well call it and go annex africa back . 
  planting flags and oppressing the people does n't make that land rightfully theirs . 
  else you should still be a nazi protectorate . 
  that 's ... the point ? 
  i mean , * italy * managed to do it . 
  if they are sooooo humanitarian , they can keep them too . 
  you do n't get to play humanitarian and then demand the burden goes to other countries . 
  thanks mate .
