  are you honestly suggesting you can only stereotype in appearance ? 
   the artist is depicting an international bogeyman in a lowest-common-denominator fashion ask yourself this : if an artist made a drawing of 10 huge-lipped black men wearing t-shirts , extremely low cut jeans and gold jewelery while holding ak47s on each hands and speaking a stereotypical argo would that be an appropriate commentary on `` thug culture '' ? 
  if your answer is no , i see no reason why you would defend this piece as anything * but * russophobic propaganda . 
  okey , since you are too much of a wanker and you need to everything explained to you : * good old fashioned * implies a long-lasting pattern of oppression as opposed to * other * better countries . 
  it also refers specifically to the nation of russia rather than any single specific regime or establishment . 
  this is a * clear fucking case of russophobic propaganda * and you are just a bigoted moron who lashes at it because it is the current circlejerk here . 
   some good old fashioned russian tyranny do they need to start dressing russians as apes to qualify as russophobia in your eyes ? 
  i love russophobic propaganda !, 
  let 's upvote it reddit !, 
  if these tricks worked , tomorrow we could form the republic of greece that included all formed greek democracy territories except that one rock over in the aegean and say `` well , we secede from the greek democracy , anyone have objections here ? 
  ok , good , no more debts teehee '' . 
  which is my point ? 
  brd is the legal successor to a defeated third reich . 
  it is n't the same state , it is the successor state . 
  i do n't see why it is n't ? 
  it is based on the same population , in roughly the same geographical area and many non-top level officials continued serving in their positions post-war . 
  additionally , many laws from the nazi era ( and before that ) continued existing in modified versions . 
  regime change is n't a different country . 
  you are correct . 
  again , it is not a huge plus by any means . 
  it is mostly meaningless . 
  in fact , it is meaningless enough to be a non-issue , which is why monarchy in canada will probably never be abolished . 
  normal loans with appropriate agreements backing them , sure . 
  but this was not that , it was forced loans , essentially theft , in a turbulent period . 
  it is n't like greece had the choice to give the loan and gambled and lost . 
  of course it is n't doing much , i said it mostly does ... nothing , which is why it can never be a major enough issue to change the status quo . 
  i also do n't talk about the queen representing canada . 
  i spoke about how canada presents itself to the world . 
  it is much easier to speak to the saudi family as a nation with its `` own '' royals , for example . 
  canada is a soft power country with many diplomatic relationships . 
  it is easier to be presented as part of a huge union of nations than as `` that big piece of , mostly ice , over there there '' to a country far away from you . 
  we are talking about canada ... here is canada ( i am in canada currently ) . 
  the idea that the debt should be calculated on the nearly worthless coin of a failed empire instead of the actual value of the * forced * loan given is ridiculous and insulting . 
  might as well say it should n't be paid and leave it at that . 
   we 'll take the mark to dollar rate after the war which was 10 marks to the dollar wait , why after the war ? 
  i was ( and mostly everyone else ) calculating based on the value of the reichsmark during the period the loan was taken , which was much higher ( for obvious reasons ) than after the war was over . 
  you are very wrong on the amount . 
  the article correctly states that the forced loans , today , would amount to 10.3 b dollars , not 50 million ( no fucking clue how you can arrive at that number to be honest . 
  it is quite absurd ) . 
  also , the loan * did * have interest ( 3 % ) . 
  again , i not entirely sure why you would believe the loan would have no interest . 
  either you misread the article or it was a bad article , simply put . 
  the 10.3 b of loans with the 3 % interest rate would be in the ballpark of 93b dollars . 
  perhaps not 273b , but a sizable amount . 
  i wrote my opinion of syriza in the other thread ( spoiler alert : i think they are a bunch of morons who suck at international pr ) however , i would like to clear up something : these are not reparations . 
  well , the majority is n't . 
  most of the money owed ( and it is technically owed as we never officially forgave the debt ) were * loans * to germany during ww2 . 
  when the nazi government occupied greece , it set up a puppet government which then lend money to germany with a very specific interest rate and a promise to pay after the war was over . 
  this , to put it simply , means that the nazis physically took greek money that used to exist there and be owned by greece . 
  the number you see there is not punitive payments . 
  hell , this number does n't even include the interest rate if i had to guess . 
  so i think this debt * is * a valid discussion . 
  however , to use it as a shield against our own incompetence is absolutely absurd . 
  edit : a correction . 
  i am tired and on my phone , so in fact the 278b are with the reparations . 
  without them , the amount is in fact 93b . 
  i sometimes confuse those two numbers , sorry for that . 
  it was mostly run as a monarchy sans the monarchs and based on wealth rather than class . 
  i would say the big difference mostly lays on whose * interests * the state worked for . 
  the dutch state did n't follow the feudal model of inbreeding with the rest of europe into victory but , rather , worked towards making the rich people in power ( due to their riches ) well ... richer which resulted in an extremely expansive business market forming . 
  i have been reading a big book analyzing the dutch republic lately . 
  quite fascinating , really . 
  you will not but only americans do n't think monarchies bring some prestige . 
  removing the monarchy here would be either a completely neutral move or just have very small drawbacks . 
  even extremist socialists here ca n't muster enough of a fuck to campaign against the crown . 
  i love how about a week ago when some other moron mp said similar comments everyone was like `` syriza would n't say such things '' . 
  yes they do and it is them who foster this enviroment where such crap can be said in the parliament . 
  i will repeat myself for the millionth time : these people are crazy radicals and will act like crazy radicals . 
   biblical literalism was applied quite thoroughly with regards creationism even with creationism , it was n't as wide spread as you might think . 
  however , the main difference is that many things were up to interpretation . 
  there are many conflicting points within the bible because it was made by fallible humans . 
  on the other hand , muhammad is perfect , so everything he says is true , the end . 
  i think it is quite telling that the big schism in islam is in regards to muhammad 's succession rather than anything muhammad has said . 
   what some make of it has nothing to do with the religion in itself being more of less prone to violence or extremism . 
  it absolutely does . 
  islam has 2 unique features that no other modern , major religion does : a violent founder ( muhammad was a conqueror first and foremost ) and a holy text literalism not found in other major religions for various complicated historical reasons . 
  even in middle ages europe , bible literalism was mostly not favoured because the bible itself was written ( well , the parts that would eventually form the bible ) decades after jesus ' death and the bible officially made centuries after . 
  in islam , to contrast , every single part of the qu ` ran was written directly ( well , his scribes , narrated by him ) by muhammad . 
   ever heard of the crusades and the inquisition ? 
  yes , in the middle ages , not in 2015 where we have nukes and went to the moon . 
   and yes , in france muslims are more oppressed than other religions . 
  no , they are n't . 
   just look at what happened after the charly hebdo attack : they where pressured into publicly denouncing it because it was assumed that no special statement was equal to supporting it . 
  they had to condemn a horrifying terrorist attack originating from their community and religion ? 
  i sure do feel sorry for them . 
   you ca n't fight radicalization by treating them differently than other religions but they * are * different than other religions . 
  both inherently and in practice . 
  no other religion causes so much global upheaval and , no , it is n't because muslims are particularly oppressed above other religions ( sikhs do n't even have a single state , for example ) . 
  the islamic leaders have obviously been incapable of controlling their flock properly , like every other religion did , so they most assuredly should be treated differently . 
  let 's not forget either that while france certainly did n't interfere with the mosques much , saudi arabia certainly did . 
   he uses flowed logic to imply that all mosques do . 
  which is indeed incorrect . 
  however , my opinion on the matter is that mosques certainly do n't help * against * with radicalism ( even if some are n't necessarily pro-radicalism ) . 
  in the end , every single mosque is a place of religious worship . 
  what france should be doing is providing a stronger secular education to these people . 
  it will not only help provide more educated and workforce-ready people but also kill radicalism at its roots . 
  but these people * do * kill in the name of islam . 
  it might be an exaggeration to say only mosques breed extremism , but it is n't to say many mosques do . 
  yeah . 
  like , no offense , but it is an impressive ancient city * in * turkey .
