  this is bad any way you look at it . 
  that 's ... not how it works . 
  pseudoscience directly contradicting proper science are not acceptable beliefs for the science minister . 
  intelligent design is a dangerous theory in itself . 
  it 's sad seeing that cancer spread to europe . 
  hey , do n't lash at me , you are the one puking these things . 
  ok , that was pretty clever . 
  no , the eu banking sector has been detached from greece 2 years ago . 
  they are completely shielded and even a complete collapse will do nothing to affect the rest of the eu banks . 
  the greek banking system , on the other hand , is going down . 
  varoufakis mentioned he would soon leave from syriza 2 months ago when confronted by anarchist thugs in a restoraunt . 
  he pretty much wants to avoid the lynching that 's coming once people realize they have no money in the banks , no pensions and cigarettes are an imported good that they will no longer have . 
  because it did work . 
  we will find in 2 weeks top from now , wo n't we ? 
  you reserve the right to call me an idiot if i am wrong , which i wo n't be . 
  i reserve the right to come back here and call you an idiot when we do get kicked out of europe . 
  i do n't know nor care what the imf has said . 
  what i do know is that all other countries in europe that followed the same program right now have growth . 
  and yes , ireland and cyprus had a banking problem but spain and portugal had identical problems with us . 
  last year , by all accounts , we were predicted to finally have growth again this year before syriza fucked it up . 
  continue to gobble up tsipra 's propaganda . 
  that got us to wonderful places thus far . 
  i will continue not touching this fucking country with a 10 foot pole . 
  no sane economist thinks that removing the financial support from greece would benefit greece . 
  yeah , you want everything to collapse but i am in a position to say easy things . 
  i hope when a month from now the state is insolvent and we are unable to even give pensions you will at least recognize what an absolute moron you were . 
   i was for a no vote from the start that 's because you are an idiot too , as you will soon find out . 
  sympathy to whom ? 
  i have sympathy for the people who voted yes and still got fucked by a bunch of idiots . 
  that 's whom i have sympathy for . 
  because it is n't true . 
  once greece defaults , we will have the debts still , they are n't going anywhere . 
  however , we will also have penalties and absolutely no sympathy or financial assistance . 
  basically , there is a long way down to kongo or somalia levels . 
  we have n't even begun to look at the bottom of the barrel . 
  good fucking luck suckers, 
  i hope you enjoy the shitstorm that 's coming . 
  you voted for it , after all . 
  i say we postpone it to 5780 ad . 
  that way we wo n't even have to think about it !, 
  is n't that how economics work ? 
  we would have gotten a deal . 
  the deal would have taken a year or so to yield results . 
  next year we would start recovering . 
  hah , get it ? 
  new vegas , fallout , all is over ? 
  haha , it 's funny ^ because ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ true, 
  he probably does n't want to be connected in any way to the incoming fallout of the referendum . 
  i would have done the same thing in his place . 
  he tried , unfortunately as evident in this thread , greeks are too stupid to understand how economies work . 
  i know . 
  syriza was just relying on more uneducated people to take the blame instead of them when we default . 
  it 's purely a move to shift blame . 
  the `` idiots '' comment was more directed to the reddit audience who are mostly better educated young adults who should have known better . 
  not on this scale , it has n't . 
  also , it never has in such an interconnected economy like the eu . 
  it might not be the end of the world but it is the closest thing possible financially . 
  i got downvoted every time i said how catastrophic a no vote would be . 
  i insist , a no vote means utter catastrophe . 
  we will learn soon . 
  syriza has until july 20th to complete any agreement . 
  if they fail ( which they will ) it 's all over . 
  anyone who voted no is an idiot , by the way . 
  anyone who supports the no vote is an idiot and a moron . 
  ~ ~ we ~ ~ you are fucked . 
  the `` deal '' that varoufakis promises will never come and ~ ~ we ~ ~ you are fucked to the nth degree . 
  i hope all the idiots that voted no are satisfied with that . 
  i am in canada . 
  gon na go sip some coffee and watch the whole thing burn . 
  good luck . 
  eh , so did the uk until thatcher . 
  that idiocy is n't specifically a greek one . 
  did n't we have some sort of party ? 
  gambling party or new vegas dressup or something to honor the us because i keep seeing photos of people lining up before slot machines . 
  eh , not really . 
  while the euro did n't help , our extreme economic mismanagement is by far the biggest factor . 
  the euro simply enabled every populist idiot to throw away money to buy votes and , on the side , a few extra villas for himself . 
  a time of economic depression and extreme political instability are not good times to fundamentally change your economy . 
  i do n't like the eu and long term i would like for greece to leave . 
  tomorrow is not a good time for that to happen . 
  i ca n't vote tomorrow but i hope my fellow greeks do thus the use of * we * . 
  and i have all my family back in greece . 
  i am very well informed of the situation , stay assured . 
  syriza continues to handle international pr just spiffingly . 
  i sure wonder why they completely failed on all their promises regarding renegotiation . 
  let 's hope we vote for yes tomorrow and kick those idiots out already . 
  i 'm in canada , it was 6:30 in the morning :p, 
  huh , i was not aware of that . 
  apologies then . 
  northern part . 
  extremely sorry for the confusion . 
  there are 2 governments in cyprus . 
  southern part is the greek one and is globally recognized as an independent country and a member of the eu . 
  it claims the whole island and its claim is officially recognized by the eu which entered the government and the whole island of cyprus into the eu . 
  the northern , turkish government , is not recognized by anyone except for turkey and does not claim the southern part . 
  it also technically aspires to reunification of the island . 
  the northern part , to the best of my knowledge , is in the eu only on paper and in practice the citizens have no claims to eu citizenship pre-reunification . 
  just woke up and had n't had coffee yet . 
  fixed . 
  bro , check his comment history .
