  it 's in context . 
  if i said `` two people survived the experience of the greek hospitality '' it would be different than if i said `` two people went through the experience of the greek hospitality '' the bbc wording is very specific and ( probably ) politically charged . 
  labour 's gon na get rid of corbyn way before the 2020 elections . 
  if they ca n't , the party will split and implode . 
  it will be a miracle to see labour in the 2020 elections that resembles today 's party . 
  that being said , i ca n't wait for corbynista salt mines either . 
  `` this is in my albanian language this has nothing to do with gayreeks how can be arvanites gayreeks how your gayreek minds works i dont know wtf '' youtube comments gave me cancer, 
  yeah , basically , what you quoted there is the same thing i said  most self-identified as greek arvanites and followed greek culture but had albanian ancestry !, 
  religion is a big reason many things happened . 
  after albania was put under ottoman rule , many albanians quickly converted to islam . 
  most scholars i know assume the migration happened because of the albanians who refused to convert and were semi-exiled from the now sunni majority to the more christian part of the empire . 
  these are arvanites , which are different from albanians . 
  most of them spoke greek and had greek culture but many also had albanian ancestry to some extend . 
  arvanites exist even today and many have been prime ministers . 
  they are fully greek to almost all greek people . 
  as an aside , personally , i look at albanians as a people i love . 
  you are the best immigrants greece has had . 
  yes , initially we got screwed over because hotza released prisoners and told them to fuck off from the country and many ended up in greece , but when the immigration of common families came , you integrated great . 
  no homo luv u bby, 
   even if that was n't the case , two bad things do n't make it right but instead both get punished . 
  agreed . 
  both should have gotten punished as well as today 's shenanigans . 
  if i recall , fifa did punish both teams though . 
  this is too funny to get mad at :p, 
  but the albanians directly provoked the serbs with that `` greater albania '' flag , no ? 
  edit : [ context for those that do n't remember ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/football/2014/oct/14/serbia-albania-euro-2016-flag-halted ), 
  just try to keep under wraps the fact that the baltics have the most supermodels per capita in the world , 
  or , as the proper term goes : uk is experiencing a very slight -0.1 % deflation which might or might not grow . 
  in theory , deflation is bad for the economy as it disincentivizes spending and also has a depressing effect on people in debt . 
  paul krugman wrote a more analytical piece explaining the negative effects of deflation [ here ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/08/02/why-is-deflation-bad/ ), 
  well , my point is that at this point , everything you mentioned is speculation . 
  if the deal comes and it is seriously infringing on our sovereignty or ability to regulate our own healthcare , we can have a proper debate about the pros and cons of the deal and reject it/accept it as appropriate . 
  right now , we really ca n't do that . 
  it is . 
  i do n't see people caring about it in canada nor other places . 
  although you probably still try not to smash that door :p, 
  but mutangw specifically mentioned a * banking sector * , not just bussiness in general . 
  nothing . 
  pew research is one of the most trustworthy polling companies in the world . 
  someone born in europe , whose father was also born in europe , then stays all his life in europe and so do their children is european if you went to mars , had children , your children had grandchildren and those grandchildren had children , at what point are those kids martian ? 
  also , you assume the mongols left europe , or that the huns did . 
  both of those are incorrect . 
  bulghars were a tribe from central asia that moved and formed bulgaria . 
  same deal with the hungarians even more recently . 
  hell , go a bit back and even the germans and ancient greeks moved from asia to europe . 
  are those people european ? 
  why if the mongols were n't ? 
  thanks !, 
  although the article only mentions it as `` allegedly '' . 
  i will wait for further confirmation , personally . 
  and while they were in europe , they were european . 
  that is just a live turkish broadcast . 
  currently some old lady is speaking ... 
  i am cautiously for it . 
  i think the dangers espoused by many are probably exagerrated . 
  the problem is , we do n't have the final deal . 
  some of the pieces i read from leaks did seem fine though . 
  basically , i will read it , then i will have a definite opinion . 
  i think it is too early to be strongly for or against . 
  on a theoretical level , free trade between 2 of the most rich entities on the planet would be hugely beneficial to both . 
  turkey is in europe . 
  they have part of thrace , including constantinople , which are in europe . 
  source ? 
  monaco , not liechtenstein . 
   i have genuinely never managed to find anyone on the right willing to have an educated and informed debate . 
  you have n't tried to talk to many right wingers then . 
  sd are very centrist in a european scale . 
  they are more liberal than many center right governments in the eu ( for example , uks conservatives ) . 
  they are centrist economically and conservative in certain aspects such as immigration ( still advocating a rather large immigration relative to sweden 's size but smaller than the current policy ) and social benefits ( eg they want to abolish the same parliament and special privileges ) . 
  so my question is , what policy you consider so illogical and uninformed ? 
  you are wrong , sorry . 
  the article mentions several polls that show merkel 's popularity dropping about 8 % as well as several instances of rebellions from her allies . 
  sd must be doing the happy dance . 
  they have gone up from the general election by 10-15 % , doubling their numbers . 
  an election soon will capitalize on their momentum . 
  i wonder until when the other parties can keep ignoring sd . 
  she could ( and very much should ) have said nothing . 
   we go against all humane values that europe is based on ( see declaration of the rights of citizens , european convention on human rights , un convention on human rights ... ) i do n't think it 's either accept the flood or nothing . 
  i have many times before advocated for opening large refugee camps in the countries affected to process people in need from there to bring to europe . 
  that would screen people before arriving in our continent and also prioritize people needing asylum first over whomever has enough money / has the physical ability ( meaning usually he is a 20something male ) to come . 
  not accepting the flood completely does not contradict our stance on human rights . 
   we are criticized by middle eastern countries for not reacting most middle east countries have accepted exactly 0 refugees . 
  if they criticize us , we are free to laugh in their faces . 
   it creates a bigger crisis at eu 's door , probably needing more military intervention from eu countries the majority of the youth leaving syria is also a crisis for the country . 
  also , see my first point . 
  processing them is possible without fucking up our border situation . 
   more money spent by not welcoming refugees than by building welcome centers within and out of the eu . 
  see my first point on this . 
  also , how do we lose money by not accepting them ? 
   plus future citizens bringing consumption and potential growth to welcoming country immigrants from outside the eu are proven to be a net loss in almost all cases . 
  we wo n't make money accepting syrians , especially considering most of them are statistically uneducated , unspecialized and many have some very weird ideas about culture and religion . 
   most individual eu countries ' constitutions grant full rights of asylum to anyone in need ( for example article # 4 of the french republic 's constitution preamble , or art . 
  16 of germany 's constitution etc ) correct . 
  asylum and refugees however have very specific meanings . 
  [ here is an article by the guardian detailing it ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/libertycentral/2010/sep/21/claim-asylum-uk-legal-position ) to quote the relevant parts :  there is no obligation under the refugee convention or any other instrument of international law that requires refugees to seek asylum in any particular country . 
  there has , however , been a longstanding `` first country of asylum '' principle in international law by which countries are expected to take refugees fleeing from persecution in a neighbouring state . 
  this principle has developed so that , in practice , an asylum seeker who had the opportunity to claim asylum in another country is liable to be returned there in order for his or her claim to be determined . 
  ** full post for those without an economist subscription ** : what a difference a month makes . 
  on the night of september 4th angela merkel made the most dramatic decision of her decade as german chancellor : to suspend european asylum rules and allow tens of thousands of refugees stranded in hungary to enter germany via austria . 
  it was a moral gesture that fitted the mood of the moment .
