  furthermore , the people who came where from european cultures ( including the turks after ataturk ) that did n't adhere to any radical belief . 
  the current immigrant waves comes in a period of unemployment , making them a massive net loss for western countries , and many of them are radicals with the full baggage that have led to major terrorist attacks almost monthly in europe . 
  to compare the two is ridiculous . 
   take the refugees , teach them your local language ( german , for example ) , let them get a normal job and integrate them into society . 
  yeah , only thing is , this idea is demonstrably not working . 
  we tried it from the 1990 's to 2010s . 
  mass immigration does not work . 
  the immigrants , unless selected or accepted for a limited period , do not integrate . 
  they are a pain to society and their kids more so . 
  it is both more expensive and more taxing on a social level . 
  it failed and it 's time to abandon that idea . 
   and how are you going to protect it ? 
  this camp would immediately be target # 1 for some radical freaks . 
  fence , army and metal detectors . 
  yes , it would cost , but not much more than having to patrol all of the mediterranean and having hundreds of thousands of immigrants in limbo clogging up europe . 
  also , i am not sure it would be such a high value target as you say . 
  isis is holding by the skin of its teeth its vital resources , like oil wells . 
  attacks in the west are meant to disincentivize further western intervention in the middle east . 
  why would a neutral refuge camp full of muslims be a high priority ? 
   the problem is : pretty much half of the syrian population is eligible for asylum . 
  aye , we ca n't accept then all , or even most of them . 
  that 's why a camp is useful . 
  it will allow us to filter more desirable people/people in greater need first . 
  eg , families with no criminal histories and potential skills . 
  pregnant women . 
  religious minorities in greater physical danger etc  also , camp sizes can not be increased immediately , the larger the camp the more likely it is to have crime in it . 
  there is a point where you simply cant control it anymore . 
  the camp would need security . 
  yeah , it would n't be the safest place in the world , but it would be far better than a battlefield . 
  large scale camps have been done before successfully . 
  i do n't think europe is incapable of replicating un camps . 
  there are several options . 
  i am a proponent for opening a huge refuge camp , un style , in syria . 
  we can help immigrants in imminent danger from the war zones . 
  we will lower the costs by having them all in one place ( economies of scale and all that ) and , also , it will be a place to properly register potential immigrants and process them according to need and not according to whom could afford to metaphorically jump the fence first . 
  the personal insults were in the op too though . 
  the whole thread was meant for personal insults . 
  you can criticise the mod team , or even the actions of the individual , without going ballistic . 
  for example `` in the mod post , you said you would n't be deleting threads . 
  thread thread thread etc are all deleted by x moderator . 
  is that something that the mod team condones or did he act alone ? 
  i do n't think those threads break the rules because xyz reasons . 
  can we get a further explanation on those threads ' deletions ? '', 
  there you go . 
  exactly the same thread without personal insults , that would n't be deleted and would actually get moderator responses . 
  the previous thread 's purpose was just to inflame , not to get a proper response from moderators . 
  there is a difference between `` moderation team did x. 
  why did the moderation team do x ? '', 
  and `` x did y , fuck you x. fuck you ideologically biased motherfucker '' . 
  one is criticism of the mod team , the other is a witch hunt . 
  any rough date on that ? 
  the current front page , at least , is fine . 
  2 immigration topics + discussion of the shooting ( which does n't really count ) and then other stuff . 
  the many threads were in the first 2-3 days , which is natural , i think . 
  sure they did the past ~ 50 years . 
  else you might as well criticize today 's germany for nazi crimes and absolutism . 
  today 's western civilization is absolutely tied to christianity . 
  it is simply undeniable . 
  from our conception of human rights , to dress codes and fashion , to philosophical understanding of a ton of things ( from sexuality to physics ) is inherently tied to the fact that we were traditionally an abrahamic faith . 
  you can dislike christianity while still acknowledging that it shaped us . 
  well , greece has ~ ~ de-criminalized ~ ~ legal , actually , prostitution , so there you go . 
  not ever . 
  it 's a different matter abolishing a state church and a different matter annexing a sovereign country like the vatican . 
  the first is an internal matter and the 2nd is a huge international headache . 
  you are not the only catholic nation , you know . 
  it goes both ways . 
  it 's not just that the immigrants can accept the new culture easier , the culture can accept more similar immigrants easier . 
  the vatican does n't belong to a italy . 
  you ca n't `` abolish '' it . 
  that 's a lie . 
  bulgarians were given a large zone of occupation in greece and were more brutal with suppressing the local population than even the germans . 
  no relactant nation goes to that extend . 
  i think that can be a very good solution . 
  it 's top secret :\\ ^ ), 
  i think that is a very fair point . 
  i have to say though that it goes both ways . 
  some pro-immigration folk are equally aggressive to anyone that disagrees with them . 
  they instantly turn to ` you are a neo-nazi ' . 
  i think more moderating in the immigration threads is necessary , especially to enforce civility rules . 
  there is also another thing i have in mind for fixing this problem . 
  i meant the malmo part . 
  i think the definition of rape is a fair point . 
  the duchy of leon which formed the kingdom of castile ( which formed spain with aragon ) existed before portugal though . 
  according to wikipedia , denmark is the 2nd biggest after iraq . 
  it is also the only neighbouring country with a large percentage . 
  the next is serbia , bosnia , iran , poland and turkey . 
  hi , could you specify what is racist propaganda and untrue of what is commonly told about sweden ? 
  i will mention a few stuff i know about swedish immigration policies . 
  feel free to correct me if any of those are untrue : - your former conservative pm said all advances in swedish culture were done by immigrants and that the natural state of swedish culture is barbarism . 
  he also said that sweden belongs to the immigrants . 
  - your socialist pm said that if a job has 2 equally qualified candidates , the job should go to the one named muhammad . 
  - your have the highest per capita immigration in europe * by far * - sweden is the rape capital of europe . 
  - sweden has seen a huge spike in anti-semitism the past decade , mainly connected to muslim immigrants - malmo is majority immigrant or immigrant descendant . 
  - malmo is one of the most violent cities in europe when it had almost 0 crime rate 30 years ago . 
  are any of these untrue ? 
  huh , he apparently just got shadowbanned . 
  interesting ... 
  yep , just kinda rude and bad for conversation ... 
  i do n't understand why you are quoting that ? 
  serbia , as an example , recently passed a law that allowed potential asylum seekers free , legal movement within the country for a week assuming they declared their intention to `` seek asylum '' there .
