  oh please . 
  most countries never took a vote on the eu . 
  their officials were just bribed into accepting the eu . 
  even if this was n't the case , that you join a deal does n't automatically void all your rights . 
  you ca n't be outvoted to have your sovereignty go down the drain . 
  honestly , that part pretty much said all i needed to know about your logic . 
  you ca n't sell yourself to slavery . 
  similarly , elected politicians to represent the people , ca n't sell their country to slavery . 
  that 's the only answer you deserve after that statement : lol, 
   yeah , i do n't see any problems there lol, 
  oh sorry , change the above example to : your people , of course , voted no , but the other countries vote yes . 
  now you need to become a protectorate . 
  just because it is catastrophic for you and your people does not make you entitled to refuse to follow through with the decisions . 
  even better democracy !, 
  let 's vote to have xnicolex 's country become a protectorate . 
  the citizens of your country wo n't get to vote on it , of course , but the people in those other countries did . 
  democracy !, 
  i knew the damn dutch were to blame for all this . 
  answer for yourselves perfidious dutch !, 
  thank you for doing this ama sir , -- there have been many concerns about the ttip agreement lately , even though the full agreement has not been revealed yet . 
  a couple questions on that : would you , in principle , like ttip or something similar to happen ? 
  do you believe fears over ttip to be justified ? 
  if yes , any specific fears you would like to highlight ? 
  if no , what makes you confident in the agreement ? 
  -- the negotiations with my country , greece , have been controversial . 
  do you think europe could have done better ? 
  if yes , what * realistic * alternative solutions would you have proposed ? 
  -- finally , and i apologize for triple dipping but i feel it is very important , what is your stance on the current asylum seeker crisis ? 
  do you believe the current pan-european mechanisms are sufficient ? 
  do you believe they should be expanded or the mandate for individual countries to act should be expanded ? 
  do you believe in funding border countries to better help control the influx of immigrants or simply fund immigrants to access the final destinations in ( mostly northern ) europe faster ? 
  do you believe europe should accept all asylum seekers or should there be some kind of limit ? 
  thank you again for taking the time to answer question . 
  we really appreciate it . 
  wait for the bbc article . 
  they are really good at this game . 
  it 's not a pain though . 
  i own guns so does most of my family . 
  you just need to not have a criminal history , really . 
  just because usa lacks certain rules does n't mean europe has a near ban on guns . 
  similarly , just because somalia has 0 social security does n't mean greece has great social security . 
  relativity is n't a useful measure in these cases . 
  most of europe allows guns , actually . 
  including one of the safest countries in the world , switzerland . 
  only uk does n't allow almost any guns . 
  why would he be trolling ? 
  removing taxes from basic foodstuffs is an excellent idea and would encourage healthier living than if you just gave money to the poor people that they could use on unhealthy foods . 
   did n't your country spend the last 5 years implementing exactly the policies the eurozone dictated you must follow ? 
  no , we did n't . 
  and as a result we are still in deep crisis and we had an almost catastrophe and measures like capital controls . 
   if that 's what you call a pretty well studied and documented phenomenon , sure . 
  lol that 's hilarious you think that, 
   also you have no idea of what a strawman is . 
  to quote you above `` what really benefits poor people is coddling the rich some more . 
  brilliant plan '' that 's a strawman . 
  in fact , it 's such an obvious strawman , i could bloody put it in a textbook on logical falacies as a good example of a strawman . 
   which is why the current politics being imposed upon us by the eurozone diktat are utter lunacy . 
  the matter is very complicated . 
  the program imposed by germany is shit but the alternative ( as we witnessed in my country ) is like a shower of eternal shit leading right down to zimbabwe . 
  i have personally become against the eu as a whole the past half decade as a result ( check my flair ) . 
  however , this discussion is completely irrelevant to my above comment which was specifically aimed at the whole `` class war '' idea which is absolute bollocks . 
  when you are done beating that strawman to death : what benefits the poor is a logical , consistent and balanced taxation system that is n't punitive in nature but is also well balanced to be able to provide for the social wellfare system set up in the country . 
  `` tax the rich '' does n't solve shit . 
  `` tax people appropriately and logically '' leads to a good economy . 
  the poor benefit from a good economy . 
  - ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u2572 ___ \u5350\u5350\u5350\u5350 do n't mind me just taking my mods for a walk \\ #revolution \\ #slyratchetstillliterallyhitler, 
  perfect answer . 
  thank you !, 
  russia is not going anywhere and no economic prediction show an imminent collapse . 
  feel free to hate russia but what you are saying is flat out wrong . 
  because the two are often interconnected . 
  too high taxes can ( and have when recklessly implemented ) wreck the economy . 
  just because you are poor does n't automatically mean higher taxation benefits you . 
  eu4 does n't start with those cities . 
  i personally learned it through good ol' victoria 2 . 
  of course . 
  here 's the problem though . 
  almost all `` mass immigration-open borders '' supporters are left/far left . 
  similarly , almost all religious fanatics are right/far right . 
  each side has to own and expell its bad apples so the reasonable parts can have a proper discussion . 
  while `` all of us are n't like those whackos '' is absolutely true , we ca n't distance ourselves and pretend everything 's fine . 
  they misquoted someone to fit their agenda . 
  that 's the bias . 
  come on man , are you being intentionally obtuse here ? 
  here is what the article wrote :  `` our border patrol of border guards and police in the area stumbled on 50 offenders , who illegally entered the country , '' bulgarian interior ministry official georgi kostov told national radio . 
   the surviving migrants - aged between 20 and 30 - have been detained , he said . 
  it is the continuation of a quote , but he never actually said the word `` surviving '' . 
  it is textbook case misquotation . 
  just ... stop trying to pretend it is n't . 
  it 's insulting to anyone 's intellect . 
  they misquoted someone and added a word to his sentence that has clear , negative , implications to produce clear reactions to the audience that fit with their generally pro-immigration stance . 
  does that fully answer the question of context ? 
  they quoted someone . 
  the guy they quoted did not use the word `` surviving '' . 
  this is definitionally agenda pushing misquotation . 
   guns are tools made with the explicit purpose of killing people . 
  shots were fired . 
  have you been in the millitary ? 
  here are the proper instructions given : - say halt to stop them then question them with your guns aimed at the ground - yell halt again if they do n't stop - yell halt or i shoot if they keep ignoring you - shoot a warning shot if they keep ignoring you even then and seem aggressive , you shoot them . 
  if they followed the proper procedure ( and we do n't know if they did or did n't ) then `` guns '' and `` shots '' are irrelevant and the blame lies squarely on the immigrants who kept ignoring the warnings .
