  even when the occasional boat sinks and 200-300 drown , that wo n't stop them as it did n't in the past . 
  we will just have more photos of washed up dead babies . 
  what we need to do is to have a clear policy of not granting asylum to `` fence jumpers '' before people that follow the legitimate legal path to getting a refugee status . 
  in short , we need the british policy in this regard . 
  keep them at the border collectively ( because yeah , greece can not handle 4m immigrants/year , sorry ) and anyone who hops , just pluck him back in and reset his application waiting time as punishment to disinsentivize it . 
  always remember that humans have shit risk assessment . 
  if you remove the incentives to go illegally and add even small incentives to go legally , people will go legally . 
  it is n't really rocket science . 
  to be fair , a marxist probably wo n't create a conservative party . 
  jesus christ is tsipras ' english terribad . 
  i actually feel bad for the ~ ~ cunt ~ ~ guy when he has to speak it . 
  why not ? 
  i am an atheist too , but that 's their religion . 
  their belief is that you are god 's creation and thus to be respected . 
  if the message is good , why would there be an issue ? 
  i will tell you what i told everyone back when it was happening : if the people can manage a revolution , great , good on em . 
  interfering directly in a foreign country 's internal affairs results only in disaster . 
  i love democracy . 
  i also understand it 's not our place to be the world police . 
  we should have supported no side in any of the conflicts . 
  yeah , that is a bad example . 
  point , however , remains that the civil war is as a result of the arab spring . 
  that was heavily supported by western nations , including usa , uk , france etc, 
  e d g y d g y, 
  what kind of excuse is that ? 
  maybe canada should annex alaska because it makes sense too ? 
  i would like a source on that actually . 
  but americans are n't * real * people . 
  we really need to build a fence to keep americans out , hmmm . 
  it 's simply rediculus . 
  merkel and her lackeys called in the immigrants and it is our fault they came ? 
  why ? 
  in which universe !? 
  i do n't like gernany getting swarmed either but , jesus christ , take some responsibility . 
  it 's like reading a book-length / pol / rant . 
  good stuff . 
  but how else are we gon na westernize ? 
  in ww2 ? 
  mostly everyone on all sides targeted civilians . 
  i think so . 
  we usually also go to family to eat and get drunk . 
  but our christmas is exactly the same as yours and that has affected its popularity . 
  easter , on the other hand , is days long celebration . 
  people do travel far for easter frequently here and being alone for it is almost unthinkable . 
  it 's not really a `` friends '' holiday either . 
  people always go with family there . 
  honestly , i quite like it and most greeks agree  it 's one if the things i miss the most when i moved to canada . 
  hell , i am an atheist and even i go to church on easter . 
  could you imagine going to church on christmas ? 
  plus , roasted lamb is delicious and fun to make while getting drunk with family . 
  europeans , not yuropeans . 
  it 's not a fucking hard word . 
  player !, 
  the hound controlled france from the start . 
  i was also a quick ally of his . 
  initially , i had proposed feeding england to wales as a more hilarious ( and balanced ) solution but hound wanted london really badly , i assume , for the swag . 
  it 's very close with easter in greece . 
  if i had to pick , i would probably lean with easter but it is very close . 
  generally , the reason i say this is because , in greece , easter is the more traditional , and less consumerist , holiday of the two so more people tend to get together for it . 
  at least , that has been my experience . 
  same reason you do n't want people selling other random crap on the street : it 's disorganized . 
  i fully support legalized prostitution , but street selling lacks ordung , 
  january . 
  we wo n't be playing on the xmas break . 
  on the 9th if i recall . 
  mm , as i said above , the problem with civ is that it has to have set players and `` spots '' as there are limited countries that can be played , so it takes way more organization than eu4 where there are hundreds of countries and people can drop out without much changing . 
  you will probably need to create a steam group for this to work properly . 
  on the other hand , civ has the advantage of not having trash netcode and being turn based rather than pseudo-turn based so you wo n't have the problems with disconnects that eu4 has . 
  would be nice if people organized it . 
  i organized it for eu4 because a ) i like eu4 more and b ) there is n't really a cap on how many players can be in an eu4 game , which is good for a huge sub like this so i do n't have to micromanage everyone . 
  makes it a smaller pain in the arse . 
  the kingdom of castille-aragon sees no reason for conflict with any of its neighbours . 
  it will happily divide the new world in a fair and balanced manner so nations can all benefit from its riches . 
  except if yer a heretic . 
  burn the heretic . 
  the yellow blob has too many indians to oppress to deal with silly europe , 
  assuming this is like hospitals i visited , different wards would be on a different floor or even seperate building in the same complex . 
  i mean , yeah , i get people need space but you ca n't expect to be wandering outside your ward and have the other sex just not be anywhere . 
  but that 's true of the raped men too , not just the women ... and if i had to guess , i would say the male/female facilities are separate . 
  castille-aragon are proud to call you their ally !, 
  pls no bulleh : ^ ), 
  it really is . 
  civ is generally intuitive which eu4 is n't , really . 
  like , you wo n't understand many things people are doing while watching it . 
  what is inflation , why is he not annexing those lands , what is aggressive expansion , what is that revolt and where did it came from and why would i let those rebels win etc eu4 is waaaay more complex so you need to try it yourself to truly understand it , i think . 
  mostly everything . 
  if i recall , most major western nations are taken , but there are still plenty of free ones + byzantium is relatively strong and still alive . 
  looking forward to having ya !, 
  no , but for mp purposes , all you need is the base game as you get the host 's dlc . 
  of course . 
  all are welcome . 
  unfortunately , i failed in my sacred duty at the end and the ottoblob is back :p, 
  1 ) good governance above all 2 ) equality of * opportunity * 3 ) state secularism, 
   during war time all businesses are converted to war businesses . 
  are banks war bussinesses ? 
  brick layers ? 
  people who design refrigerators ? 
  are people who haul iphones from china ? 
  if you think there is a magical `` war now '' switch that happens any time a nation goes to war , i would suggest paying more attention to your highschool economics classes next time . 
   wtf are you talking about ?
