it might be a very big and expensive wall if we have to build it around his ego . 
  they obviously need more guns to protect themselves ... 
  why does anyone bother to visit this dump of a country ? 
  bangkok is one big stinking brothel . 
  why would anyone want to board a sinking ship ? 
  it 's an attempt to make people with opposing views look stupid . 
  nothing is more guaranteed to make people sympathise with something than bono opposing it . 
  the guys an arse and should retire quietly off the edge of a cliff . 
  ok , agreed . 
  let sweden have a sexit then we can all give up on this crap and i 'll find something else to complain about . 
  ignoring the politics , can we just give up on this slew of shit portmanteaux ? 
  jesus that headline would be more informative if it did n't use made up words . 
  `` majority of french back holding a referendum on their membership of the eu '' there nice and simple and using plain english . 
  not much in its current form . 
  i like some of the ideas but it does n't seem well put together . 
  no no , they 're the same language . 
  just spoken by different people ... 
  from the title i assumed that a serious crime had been committed in romania and dna test results implicated four people ... 
  i do n't really get what branik ostrava had to do with this , they 're a czech club ... 
  what a sensible way to calm a tense situation ... 
  a bit disingenuous to claim `` most eu citizens want uk to remain '' . 
  it seems to me that in 6 countries people are just about in favour of the uk staying in europe . 
  not a particularly in depth study . 
  certainly not enough to claim most eu citizens want the uk in . 
  my village had the sweet tang of wood smoke , 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't take this survey seriously as it lists ukip as a far right party , which is wrong , they are not far right . 
  if you equate genuine right wing parties such as the national front ( does it even exist anymore ? ), 
  with parties such as ukip then you are negating the extremity of the views such extreme parties hold . 
  i 've never visited albania but the albanians in the uk are agressive criminals . 
  i do n't want to tar you all with the same brush but every single albanian i have interacted with in the uk has been trying to fight me with his group of mates or steal something from me . 
  i have never had a positive experience with anyone from albania . 
  i hear it 's a beautiful country though !, 
  sorry to be pedantic , but in this question capitalisation is important . 
  it seems over simplified to me !, 
  so if london leaves , where could we move the capital ? 
  i 'm going with york , nice and central and it could do with some decent flood defences . 
  i 'm with you on that . 
  i do understand what you were trying to say . 
  i 'm not presenting any position , i 'm merely pointing out a simple fact , i 'm not judging it . 
  i do n't know what the best way is for europe to deal with the situation . 
  there are dozens of theories floating around and no one is in a position to be confident in a prediction . 
  i commented to the guy above because i feel that the fact the referendum is not legally binding is very important . 
  for what it 's worth , i live in central europe . 
  my business is going to suffer from brexit to the point i will probably have to close it . 
  i have a young family and it worries me . 
  i also have family in england who i want to be able to visit freely . 
  i still do n't begrudge how people voted , i just wish there had been better facts presented . 
  therefore we all , still , have a vested interest in getting those facts out now so the next debate can be properly informed . 
  dude , this was a discussion about article 50 not being triggered . 
  you 've gone way off topic and have a massive chip on your shoulder . 
  they have n't left yet , so they ca n't want to be back in !, 
  i think you 're a little wound up dude . 
  chill out, 
  yep , no one said it would be a good thing , just that it 's possible . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/06/24/brexit_might_not_happen.html ) article seems to suggest it 's not an impossibility . 
  i think bullying any country out of the eu would be counter productive . 
  still does n't change the fact that no one has to activate it ... in theory they could sit on it for years fucking up europes ( and britains ) economy . 
  is probably exactly what britain would do if the rest of the eu tried to bully it . 
  you seem to be rather zealous about britain leaving , you think it 's going to solve problems ? 
  it wo n't , it will just create them . 
  why ? 
  the referendum was n't legally binding . 
  nobody has to invoke article 50 . 
  i 'm mean it would be crazy if they did n't but still they do n't have to . 
  you need to learn what a [ continental shelf ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/continental_shelf ) is before continuing . 
  as stated in both my other posts , we are part of europe because we are on the same continental shelf . 
  sending me a link to an article which is talking about continental europe is utterly bizarre . 
  if you even bothered to read the article you sent me , you 'd have read that continental europe is a definition of europe without the islands . 
  so you 're now telling me that not only britian is not in europe but also , malta , rep of ireland , sardinia , corsica , cyprus and all the greek islands ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's part of the continent of europe as its on the same continental shelf , just look at a decent geographical map . 
  a few thousand years ago you could walk from britain to continental europe . 
  what the hell were you doing during geography lessons ? 
  even politically , for the next two years at least , it 's part of europe ( read eu ), 
  this is the europe sub , not eu . 
  you do understand the difference right ? 
  or did you think a brexit vote meant the british isles being physically detached from the european continental shelf ? 
  well we all know that mr cameron is full of crap and this just further proves it . 
  i think they also partly humiliated themselves with that cringingly pathetic crap about `` red and black i dress '' it 's the lamest motto i 've ever heard . 
  fair enough . 
  i hope it works out . 
  i do n't think most english people know who the uvf are , let alone recognise their flags ... 
  ah , sir bob geldof , a sanctimonious twat if ever there was one . 
  exactly the type of arsehole that makes me want to immediately support whatever he 's opposing . 
  well , my comment was n't trying to speak for either side . 
  i 'm just pointing out that , no matter how well intentioned , all dramatic statements regarding in or out are not helping either cause . 
  he really wants a vote for leave does n't he ? 
  surely an intelligent man like that realises that his hyperbolic bullshit plays right into the hands of the leave campaign . 
  wow the best argument so far for staying in the eu , a shit app . 
  well that 's me sold . 
  perhaps we should just merge with russia due to its creation of the far superior tetris game ... 
  i love the sun , they 're like the wan na be bully at school . 
  trying to pick holes in everything . 
  `` but you said ... '' `` it sounded like ... '' just to make it clear ; the sun is not a trustworthy news source . 
  it 's more like light and very simple entertainment . 
  which part of her embarrassing body was stroked ? 
  really enjoyable and interesting . 
  thank you . 
  looks like my summer holidays are solved !, 
  it could be to do with those norwegian church burnings ...
