its probably still pretty weak . 
  the biggest thing would be proving it was a deliberate attack against civilians . 
  which is why this whole thing would have been easier ( assuming the current information is right ) if the rebel group that fired , just admitted it was accidental and apologized , and hand over the persons who specifically fired to be charged and have a trial . 
  maybe allow us to move beyond this tragedy and find some peaceful solution to the larger conflict . 
  you 're underestimating the level of pro-russian support in ukraine , its really not as simplistic as they all want to be allies and russia wont let them . 
  obviously they can associate with who they want , and russia should n't infringe on that right . 
  but there is a difference between trade or political support and article 5 of nato . 
  the americans in particular need to back off and give us all some room to speak for ourselves , this has nothing to do with them , and the ngo operations in places like ukraine is only increasing russian paranoia . 
  realistically , what we need in ukrainian neutrality , they should be doing business with both sides and not be made to pick sides . 
  i do n't want a pro-russian ukraine as much as they do n't want it to be pro-eu ukraine . 
  we do n't have to be worried about being pushed over , that 's not what this is about . 
  unverified by the fact that if it was conclusive maybe someone would have said something ? 
  i mean what your suggesting is a an act of war , and depending on who you ask , a war crime ? 
  i 'm not overly familiar with cohen 's work so ca n't speak for his biases , but the nation is still a somewhat reputable outlet . 
  i understand i 'm coming off as defending the kremlin . 
  if what you say is true , then their needs to be a server response . 
  i just do n't see the reasoning behind doing something like that , the motive just is n't there . 
  i 'm by no means defending russia , or the crimes it has committed . 
  but their is no value making this situation worse without evidence , lets get the facts then make a informed decision . 
  an unverified video and a few videos that the site acknowledges are unverified ? 
  [ reuters ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/07/21/uk-ukraine-crisis-airplane-idukkbn0fp02l20140721 ) , [ the nation ] ( http://www.thenation.com/article/180667/kievs-atrocities-and-silence-hawks ) , [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28292338 ) , [ deutsche welle ] ( http://www.dw.de/eastern-ukraine-plan-b-as-in-bombs/a-17756755 ) etc. 
  errr ... this is nothing like that . 
  give a revolver to someone who should be trained and rational , and they misfire and kill someone - maybe you should be more careful about who you give guns to , but the guy that shot should except some responsibility for their incompetence and the people who made the guy feel like he needed the gun in the first place , should also take some blame . 
  ( assuming , as the evidence seems at the moment , that this was an accident committed by the rebels ), 
  same thing applies though , for similar reasons . 
  either georgia wanted to be pro western or the west wanted georgia to be pro-western , and they responded violently . 
  if we step back and stop giving them reasons or excuses , we might reduce the violence . 
  if not , we can respond accordingly . 
  area was likely secured quickly . 
  my point was stop trying to make it seem like only pro-russian ukrainians or ukrainians just caught up in this would loot from the dead . 
  completely took my comment out of context . 
  i 'm not saying its right , i 'm just saying its unrealistic to blame the deaths entirely on russia when its not them shooting . 
  can you show me this ` incontrovertible evidence ' ? . 
  only reports i 've seen , seems to be pretty obvious ukrainian government is trying the get the ` terrorists ' by bombing their own cities ? 
  the people controlling the territory a plane went down would n't try a cover them selves if they felt it was necessary ? 
  maybe not , but can we not pretend we are somehow better than them . 
  you 're probably right , but that does n't mean if it was n't no one would take anything . 
  we can debate about euromaiden being a homegrown movement , but its impossible to deny that after it started , we tried to control the outcome . 
  i was talking about the broad policy we 've had poking the russian 's while they are down - expanding nato etc. 
  something we would n't put up with either . 
  i want the ukrainians to live in what ever kind of country they want to . 
  if half the country wants to join russia or be independent , then we should n't prevent them from doing so . 
  i do n't for a second believe that putin is a good guy . 
  he 's a self-interested authoritarian . 
  but say we try your strategy , what happens after ? 
  it will be too easy to blame the west for putting them in that situation . 
  it might get rid of putin , but what comes after ? 
  if we honestly step back , and he pushes further - if he directly invades another country - then we can talk about pushing back , the population might still blame us , but at least then intervention will be justifiable and we 'd be able to live with the consequences . 
  while their is still little evidence , i think its tenuous at best to say putin/the russian government is solely or largely responsible for the plane being shot down . 
  they should take should take some the blame for sure , but responsibility ultimately rests on a lot of different people ( assuming , as it seems at the moment , that the rocket was fired accidentally by a separatist group ) . 
  its unhelpful for the media and politicians to add to the tension that already exists over something that i do n't think anybody wanted . 
  looking at the larger picture though , we need to acknowledge that we have some responsibility for putting them in a position where military action seems to them justifiable . 
  take a step back and give them room to not be so aggressive . 
  if it is simply the case that they are making moves they feel are necessary to protect their national interests and making moves that are popular to an internal political audience because of that , then being less involved ( and i 'm talking more about the us here ) will deescalate tension without confrontation . 
  of course its possible that putin is some irrational megalomaniac that wants to take over the whole world . 
  i just do n't see that in his actions . 
  he 's an authoritarian concerned with keeping hold of power , i do n't think he ideally would like to risk that in some all out war . 
  of course it would . 
  but maybe we should stop putting him in a position where he feels its necessary to act like that . 
  and certainly , escalating his escalations is only going to lead us down a road we ca n't come back from . 
  i disagree that its that severe . 
  we can all agree that the bodies need to be repatriated and returned to their loved ones . 
  overtly going after russia is only going to create tension , creating anti-russian sentiment is only going to be a bad thing if the tension increases . 
  if you want the situation to deescalate , we need to be rational . 
  i get the point and if its guaranteed to work , i 'd take it for sure . 
  i just worry that long term , being more aggressive could effect us negatively . 
  we would be putting him in a position where if he buckles under the pressure he 'd look weak politically so i do n't think it economic sanctions would work and we 'd only be creating tension . 
  i do n't really know what it is , but we need to give him away out with out really giving anything up . 
  maybe something like guaranteeing ukrainian neutrality - wont push for ukrainian membership of nato or something . 
  something in which he can say to the russian people look what i accomplished and our leaders can say the same . 
  agreed their is serious , probably criminal , negligence , but its on all sides . 
  russians for giving the weapons , the rebels for not knowing what they are doing , ukraine for using planes to hurt the rebels ( why i assume they felt they needed surface-to-air missiles ) and for allowing planes to fly over that area , part of which considerable responsibility is with what ever organisation said the flight route was okay and even malaysia air has to shoulder some responsibility for not bypassing the region . 
  rightly or wrongly what putin is doing is trying to protect his national interests . 
  we can disagree over this , but i do n't think he wants to invade or annex more of ukraine if he does n't feel he has to , his main aim is likely to try to prevent larger western influence in ukraine , specifically allowing ukraine to join nato which would be both internally a serious political problem ( making him look weak ) and a geopolitical problem as it further restricts their control over the larger region . 
  does this make it right ? 
  fuck no . 
  but we should n't be poking and prodding and exacerbating the situation . 
  and more importantly ( as this is specific situation is likely to blow over ) creating fear and hatred , which long term has no benefit . 
  unless of course the long term goal is to start a war . 
  yeah , i did n't mean to imply that the rebels have no connection to russia . 
  i meant specifically putin would have had little to do with the shooting down of the plane . 
  if it is n't clear , i mean the shooting down of the plane not the rebels connection with putin , which is of course considerable . 
  this is something that all major countries do or have done . 
  giving weapons and support to groups that trying to achieve an outcome they want . 
  the fact that this is likely ( of course unconfirmed , and i 'll change my mind if the facts do ) either incompetence or an accident or both , on behalf of the rebels . 
  the attack on the plane has little to do with putin directly and is quite simply , while incredibly tragic , not a valid reason to recreate a tension from 20 years ago that several times nearly destroyed the world . 
  the politicians and the media know this , despite what they are saying . 
  but they seem to ignore the fact that creating anti-russian sentiment among the general population is only going to cause problems down the line . 
  * edited for clarity . 
  it 's upsetting , but lets be realistic - this plane could have fallen over a civilian population anywhere in the world and this would have happened . 
  this is just plain silly . 
  why is everyone seemingly in favor of just increasing tension and general fear ? 
  unless something totally unexpected is reveled in the investigation , this tragedy changes nothing geopolitically . 
  i understand ( but loathe ) politicians trying to score internal political points of such a tragedy , but its absolutely outrageous that the media is facilitating their potential to do so . 
  it is still only 10 % of the overall vote . 
  and hey , there is a referendum in a few mouths that could send a very nice message about the people of scotland ... 
  i agree . 
  while i 'm annoyed the majority of the challenging seems to be coming from the right . 
  still have to hope the status quo will be challenged more often , which can only be a good thing . 
  this is going to be quite a large test for the european movement .
