how did you gather that from anything i said in the above post ? 
  i did n't mention putin once . 
  and come on , negative attitude ? 
  did you read that smug dismissal you first replied to me with ? 
  you took a dig at me first , and you did n't address anything i said . 
  you seem to be arguing against some kind of general projection you have about american posters instead of anything i 've said specifically . 
   i do n't think you read the article . 
  did * you * ? 
  kissinger did n't say anywhere he thought america was responsible for the ukrainian conflict . 
  he only said that he thought ukraine should n't join nato . 
  nato membership is n't what caused this conflict , it was eu association agreement . 
  ukraine was officially non aligned until russia annexed it 's territory . 
  kissinger also said he thought crimea should be under ukrainian sovereignty . 
   this is what talking to an american is like about russia - `` omg , ivan drago , joseph stalin . '', 
  like anything you guys know about russia comes from comic books . 
  i hate to say this , but are you a millennial ? 
  please tell me you 're a troll , nobody can be this immature . 
  apologize for what ? 
  why does russia have the unique honor among nations of never being responsible for its own actions ? 
  i 'm sure everyone 's seen the salami tactics vid 100 times . 
  that 's why it 's important to have a strong conventional force along with a nuclear deterrent . 
   it makes no sense to judge them as a whole . 
  every gmo is different , and they all have to be evaluated separately . 
  fact is that gm is a science in its infancy , and we do n't really know all that well what dna does . 
  it 's highly experimental , and relying on highly experimental stuff for staple crops is n't a very good idea . 
  it 's a matter of risk management , nothing more . 
  they ** are ** though . 
  each of them has to go through approval through the fda , each of them takes years and millions of dollars of research , testing , and development . 
  the fda has already stated that they have to meet the same requirements as normal crops for food safety . 
   yes , and in general gmo activists want to keep it that way , and want labels on food so we can detect other , long-term , epidemiological effects we missed in the trials . 
  is it agreed that there is potential danger given the already arduous process of approval and testing ? 
  if not then what 's the point other than public suspicion ? 
  most gmo activists want no gmo 's . 
  i feel its very short sighted to stop such potential progress over scaremongering . 
  testing them on the same standards most food is should be enough . 
   you ca n't give a blanket approval for all gmo 's . 
  that 's not science . 
  we both have a stringent and thorough approval process combined with studies that draw no correlation with health problems associated with gmo 's . 
  hardly blanket approval . 
  banning them outright is foolish given proven and tangible benefits against unproven and extremely unlikely potential hazards . 
   inform yourself . 
   taiwan breeds green-glowing pigs . 
  the pigs are transgenic , created by adding genetic material from jellyfish into a normal pig embryo . 
  [ 1 ] as far as i can tell , they are not made with tomato . 
   most of the things they do are tampering a bit with the production of this or that enzyme . 
  that does not mean that the technique is n't capable of producing huge changes . 
  therefore we should be very careful , it 's as simple as that . 
  even normal selective breeding runs the risk of producing toxic varieties , or long-term ill effects on health . 
  for gm , the potential risks match the potential benefits . 
  it is heavily regulated . 
  the fda spends hundreds of millions of dollars on food safety research . 
  there 's no consensus that gmo 's are harmful to eat . 
   even normal selective breeding runs the risk of producing toxic varieties , or long-term ill effects on health . 
  for gm , the potential risks match the potential benefits . 
  it 's so precise . 
  crops take years of development and testing before they ever reach the market . 
  you say they should be careful . 
  they are , but people keep asking for an impossible standard of proof . 
   most of the unconditional approval of gm is just wishful thinking . 
  there have been so many studies to the contrary, 
  you ca n't put a tomato gene into a fucking animal . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  they find out what certain genes do and experiment until they get something beneficial . 
  like a plant that is resistant to insects . 
  most of the bias against gmo 's is just scaremongering, 
   a tomato gene into a goat i think you might have a few misunderstandings on how gmo 's work you could use the same populist argument for banning teaching evolution in schools . 
  this is a terrible website for contrarians and conspiracy theorists . 
  it lacks any credibility at all . 
   half of current gen gmo \u00b4 s are extremely cancerogenic , because the genome is not well enough isolated . 
  how exactly does that process work ? 
  do you have any sources ? 
  edit :  because the genome is not well enough isolated . 
  that does n't make any sense at all . 
  plant matter gets broken down into its component parts , proteins , lipids , sugars , fatty acids . 
  you do n't absorb a plant 's genes . 
  the us is just a scapegoat , an excuse . 
  much easier to say you fighting proxies of the us than bullying your smaller , weaker neighbors . 
   and i 'm not sure russian people need any bogeyman to feel and understand where are their friends and where there are none . 
  its so astounding that people do n't trust russia for literally no reason at all . 
  must be tough . 
   no people appreciate or deserve to be humiliated and discredited . 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  is russia 's pride so important that it deserves to enslave half of europe ? 
   they have no choice . 
  one may believe they all are stupid enough , or understand they have some pride . 
  they have no choice ? 
  because of pride ? 
  pride in what exactly ? 
  how were they humiliated ? 
  i sincerely hope you do n't think the collapse of the ussr was somehow unjust . 
  yes , i do n't think most americans see russia as a rival nowadays , and certainly do n't see it as the bogeyman that russia uses the us as . 
  turn on cnn for a week and see how many times they mention russia . 
  i gaurentee it will be less than how many times life news will mention the us, 
  europe and north america , and to a certain extent the anglo-sphere . 
  the atomic strikes , while significant , were but a minor event in comparison to the long campaign of island hopping and strategic bombing which had devastated the japanese , army , navy , and industrial capacity . 
  the army the soviets defeated in manchuria was made up of ill equipped barely trained raw recruits and local conscripts . 
  goddamn , is this * still * not out ? 
  nuland call ? 
  is that all you got ?
