  completely ignoring the people who voted `` yes '' ( ~ 31 % ), 
  but you ca n't * debt * all you want, 
  whereas yanis and tspiras have been really professional and responsible ? 
  yanis called the european programme in greece * `` the biggest cock up in economic history '' * . 
  again , greek 's victim card has been nothing more than a big pathetic wank stain . 
  now you just shifted the goal post , but allahsnackbar is still right . 
  the reason why the other european states were willing to bail greece out is due to political interests , rather than financial . 
  what were you searching for ? 
  love the romanians poking fun at greece , but you have to realise that the euro ( currency ) is the very problem greece have at this moment . 
  their production is overpriced . 
  the challenge is : ` how to get greece competitive ' ? 
  we are equally at fault if greece ca n't pay the debt back -- which obviously they ca n't . 
  we might as well relieve them of some debt and consider the rescue plans failed . 
  let greece reboot their economy and give them back their sovereignty . 
  i do n't want europe be ran like this . 
  the last proposal from the eurogroup is -- in my uneducated opinion -- really bad , tax increase surely stimulates the spending of all people ( including tourists ) right ? 
  yanis is right , when he is insinuating that europe is ( also ? ), 
  dysfunctional . 
  and no , my previous comment is not besides the point . 
  what you see is a bubble popping . 
  the greek standard of living is becoming more rational / realistic -- i.e. 
  it corresponds to their ( real ) economy . 
  if it becomes like romania , it is because their economy is like romania . 
  just imagine what the value of the dramcha will be next to the euro . 
  they lost something they had before , which they should never have had to begin with . 
  edit : just the sheer corruption , tax evasion and creative accounting  .  that swap with goldman sachs , just make their economy look less bad ... edit ( 2 ) : they should quit playing victim . 
  start realising that they have always consented until this point . 
  furthermore , they have to accept the simple dichotomy of democracy and sovereignty . 
  simple trade off . 
   when did the consumers get to feel any of the effects already ? 
  hahaha this is really amusing -- that is like asking * `` when did the people get to feel any of the effects by global warming already ? 
  '' * what is warming up ? 
  it is cold and raining outside . 
  look !, 
  all speculation , all fear-mongering . 
  all exaggerations . 
  all lies !, 
  reducing macro economics to meaningless lies by anecdotes . 
  just poking some fun . 
  do n't expect serious profound replies to silly comments like that . 
  the smiley should have given it away anyway . 
  having a laugh ? 
  look at the statements and what they entail ... 
  here is a puzzle for you -- starting off with an easy one -- what does the following statements entail : more than half of greece 's food supplies -- and the vast majority of pharmaceuticals -- are imported , but with bank transfers now banned , companies are unable to pay suppliers . 
  ------ `` specific retailers , cherry picked examples '' fuck me , does the modal greek reason like this ... ? 
  * `` imports , exports , factories , firms , transport -- everything is frozen , '' said vasilis korkidis , who heads the national confederation of hellenic commerce . 
  `` the only sectors in demand are food and fuel . '' edit : here is a hint , most payments are done via banks ( digitally ) , not on donkeys with sacks of golden coins . 
  look up what an anecdote entails ... none of what i have linked are anecdotes . 
  there is a difference between ' * an account regarded as unreliable or hearsay * ' and ' * objective falsifiable claims . 
  * `` we have shortages , '' said mary papadopoulou , who runs a pharmacy in the picturesque district of plaka beneath the ancient acropolis . 
  `` we 've run out of thyroxine [ thyroid treatment ] and unless things change dramatically we 'll be having a lot more shortages next week . '' * more than half of greece 's food supplies -- and the vast majority of pharmaceuticals -- are imported , but with bank transfers now banned , companies are unable to pay suppliers . 
  * `` imports , exports , factories , firms , transport -- everything is frozen , '' said vasilis korkidis , who heads the national confederation of hellenic commerce . 
  `` the only sectors in demand are food and fuel . '' * korkidis said the economy had suffered losses worth $ 1.2 bn in the past week and that the cost would have to be added to any fresh bailout deal . 
  do i have to point out the obvious ? 
  i can see the roots of the greek crisis arising . 
  you are free to split anything semantically -- but you have provided * zero * arguments to justify it . 
  if you either do n't or ca n't justify it , then my previous point remains , namely the pointless splitting . 
  i am still none the wiser mate . 
  as far as i know -- again , my armchair understanding of economics -- that there are three types of earnings : * inheritance , income and capital gain . 
  * my guess is that you ascribe the last one to `` monetary economy '' ( whatever that may mean ) . 
  i believe that all types of earnings are included in gdp . 
  your seemingly semantically splitting it seems pointless . 
  what am i missing ? 
  exactly . 
  gdp can basically be defined as ' * the sum value of all national ( economic ) trade * ' with my armchair knowledge of economics . 
  wikipedia : gross domestic product ( gdp ) is defined by the organization for economic co-operation and development ( oecd ) as : * `` an aggregate measure of production equal to the sum of the gross values added of all resident , institutional units engaged in production ( plus any taxes , and minus any subsidies , on products not included in the value of their outputs ) i am aware that the imf , the world bank and the cia fact book use slightly different calculation for gdp -- but the differences are too insignificant worth mentioning with this discussion . 
  edit : i am still not sure what bildungsburger is getting at : /, 
  no , i meant this :  i 've heard that the british gdp is massively inflated by banking and what do you define as `` real economy '' vs `` monetary economy '' ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  i am aware that the usa does not really have a left party -- but even by american standards , i am still quite right wing . 
  i have read the danish party liberal alliance when the election was due -- few weeks ago ? 
  -- i would have probably voted for them . 
  and thank god he did not call that . 
   i do n't think rand paul has a chance :( too bad . 
  he has a thick accent though  but sanders is my man and i think the best one to lead the us out of the oligarchy * . 
  a self-described democratic socialist , he favors policy proposals similar to those of mainstream social democratic governments in europe , particularly in scandinavia . 
  funnily enough , reading through american politics , i am probably more right wing than the modal american -- as a european . 
  a bit off topic , but who is leading the presidential runner for 2016 ? 
  rand paul or jeb bush for the republicans ? 
  and hillary clinton for the democrats ? 
  i suspect the republicans will win in 2016 -- given the backlash towards obama . 
  i thought rand paul was leading vs hillary clinton . 
  the usa deficit is hot topic and paul is hitting it hard . 
  what pictures ? 
  he is suggesting that greece has a dysfunctional state ( i.e. 
  a lot of -- read disproportional -- corruption and tax evasion ) , which is well known . 
  after all economics is a social science . 
  culture matters . 
  ca n't believe an american says this . 
  i have not made any statements -- how can you possible accuse me of conflating . 
  i literally quoted you ... read carefully back what you have written . 
  i was right with you until you suddenly switched from the euro currency to the euro zone -- which contradicts the points you have made earlier : s, 
  mate , you just said :  i say they wo n't even leave eurozone and then :  because eurozone is key in their economical power . 
  so if greece will leave eurozone then spain portugal and other countries could start to think about it . 
  you seem to conflate the euro with ez : /, 
  sudoku ? 
  you mean seppuku ? 
  well , tell that 5 year old that his feeling is mislead . 
  i know how a business is run ( my area of expertise ) and i aware how a state is run . 
  there are nothing alike .
