  i googled her . 
  her * selfie * controversy is slightly cringe as well , given the context . 
  i know that you are joking , but the war actually caused the housing bubble . 
  haha , the irony . 
  why ? 
  northern ireland accent is so weird though . 
  it sounds like a mix of american and scottish . 
  the stereotype is the opposite for england , but your * birds * are actually fine . 
  same as for the netherlands , yet rutte gets on his bike to work . 
  sounds more like stoicism . 
  fatalism has a different meaning in philosophical sense . 
  as far as i know , usa has never signed that hr-treaty . 
  they are doing fine , if not even better . 
   this is what you get when you have a justice minister without an appropiate education or knowledge for his position . 
  he was also quick to backpeddle when he got called out on his retarded statement . 
   our previous justice minister beatrice ask was equally retarded and lacking in appropiate competence and education for the position . 
  has n't sweden got free or incredibly cheap good education , also at university level ? 
  i believe norway has , while finland has the best educational system . 
  i hope that i am not stirring up some sensitive scandinavian rivalry . 
  anyway , what has education to do with someone 's ethics or sense of justice ? 
  i am genuinely interested in what goes on in sweden on political and macro-economical level . 
  it is an interesting country , contrasting uk and usa . 
  they are calling for an alternative programme ( i.e. 
  a non-austerity one ) . 
  i think that varoufakis is right on austerity and its issues , but if [ german finance minister ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/story/german-finance-minister-sees-no-need-to-discuss-alternatives-on-greece-2015-05-24 ) ( and the netherlands as far as i know ) refuse any concession here , then grexit is very likely . 
  now , let 's not dwindle ourselves towards the interminable blame game , but find a proper ( financial ) strategy out of this mess . 
  if grexit , then we need to take a look at the other countries , like spain , portugal , ireland and italy . 
  with the southern countries having unemployment deep into 20-30 % , i think that grexit will be just the beginning the break down of * european deam * . 
  why does the moral responsibility lie there ? 
  making cigarettes causes no harm/cancer by itself . 
  smoking them does . 
  meaningless rhetoric ; fast food industry gives people diabetes for money . 
  do n't shift moral responsibility to the supplier . 
  why are they scum ? 
  well , sweden is a fairly socialist/egalitarian and leftist country . 
  given the statistical nature of * averages * , it is basically a given that sweden tops at many . 
   if you are not biased as fuck , these factors are more than enough to place the burden of proof on the person who claims that sweden is indeed the world 's rape capital , and to make the ` no ' answer acceptable if nothing indicates the opposite . 
  well , if anything , the burden of proof is on you to prove the un wrong if you commit to the conclusion : `` no '' , rather than `` do n't know '' . 
  though , the burden of proof argument is a silly one . 
  at best , you could -- as you just did -- criticise the legitimacy of the statistics and answer inconclusively . 
  steven pinker ( the bank slate , chapter : gender ) : * though i know of no quantitative studies , the targeting of sexist attitudes does not seem to be a particularly promising avenue for reducing rape , though of course it is desirable for other reasons . 
  countries with far more rigid gender roles than the united states , such as japan , have far lower rates of rape , and within the united states the sexist 1950s were far safer for women than the more liberated 1970s and 1980s . 
  if anything , the correlation might go in the opposite direction . 
  as women gain greater freedom of movement because they are independent of men , they will more often find themselves in dangerous situations . 
  anyway , let me help you a bit : * but in the victim survey that exists that permits basic comparison between levels of exposure to sex crimes in ten european countries , sweden does not top the list , as in the reporting statistics . 
  instead , sweden is around the average mark , which is also the case for assaults and threats , despite the fact that compared to other countries , we have many such crimes reported . 
  https://www.bra.se/bra/bra-in-english/home/news-from-bra/archive/news/2011-01-18-how-common-is-rape-in-sweden-compared-to-other-european-countries.html -------------- i would still answer inconclusively . 
  why ` no ' , rather than ` do n't know ' ? 
  i feel spoilt . 
  i once had my pack of cigarettes stolen . 
  i just saw the actual exit poll on telly . 
  conservatives clearly ahead . 
  again , this makes little to no sense , we talk about an average of ** one generation ** . 
  you * still * suggest natural/sexual selection -- i.e. 
  genetics . 
  if it is * not * genetics , nor the differentiation of nutrition . 
  then what other factor plays a role ? 
  farage is a knob, 
  very unlikely . 
  evolution is extremely slow . 
  so many people vote lib or labour ( or snp if you think : rugby  football ) . 
  despite the labour party being right relative to the * absolute * centre of the political spectrum , i does not surprise me that most of redditors on here are left on the * relative * centre . 
  will be rooting for the conservatives . 
  there is a lot of controversy around him ( his hedge fund career ) , but i like him ( i have got his book about the eu ) . 
  he was the one suggesting that germany should leave the euro , instead of greece . 
   and i would say it is expected that people aim to talk about things other people do n't really disagree . 
  yeah , i would n't fancy a heated debate in a sauna . 
  i have been in a sauna a few times in my life . 
  the smell of the wood combined with the strange liquid you throw over the heated stones is intense . 
  the wood is really pleasant actually . 
  it is not hot at all , so you do not mind if you touch it with your arsecheeks . 
  this [ sauna ] seems -- to me -- to be cultural rather than practical . 
  i believe that the russian do it as well but less often . 
   varoufakis is the man . 
  he has correctly identified the true disease , that eu is not federalized enough . 
  nothing new . 
  it was discussed even before the * maastricht treaty * . 
  europe is not like the usa . 
  there is simply no consensus . 
  no i am serious . 
  you can keep it brief . 
  i was always surprised when some finnish mates ( on skype ) told me `` brb sauna '' -- though those * brb * could be half an hour to 2 hours . 
  i am not sure whether swedish and norwegian peeps are the same . 
  i also heard that norwegians eat deer or something . 
  hehe , as i am writing this , i realise how ignorant i am . 
  i know fuck all about scandinavians . 
  do you do it because it is cold outside ? 
  if that is true , then how about sweden en norway ? 
  does it work on electricity ? 
  what are you electricity bills like ? 
  or finnish mental state ? 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ ^ vittu why do fin sauna ? 
  meritocracy = * governed based on merits * democracy = * governed based on equal votes * meritocracy negates the fundamental principle of democracy -- the right of equal votes for every mature citizen . 
  for example , the meritocratic society finds it silly that one has the right to vote on concerns beyond ones own merits , like economics or medicine . 
  it seems to me that you are suggesting meritocracy over democracy . 
  i do too , but i just wonder whether it would be feasible . 
  the parents do . 
  ah possible . 
  was not even paying attention . 
  your comments makes no sense if you read my other comments .
