   that chart does n't support your argument though maybe . 
  it was about the question why american women did better than swedish women ( in the interview ) . 
  economists have been speculating , but no concrete study has been done . 
  but the basic idea is far from controversial , parents care about their children -- and that parental love overshadows money incentives . 
   i thought you dutch have the same disease - either it 's perfect or we 're complaining !, 
  true :p i blame the weather . 
   americans seem to think we in central europe and scandinavia have some kind of utopia and i kinda like bursting that bubble sometimes . 
  yeah , the americans have no idea how well they do actually -- though we still do better  judging by the hdi and ` better life index ' . 
  i remember that the socio-economic status ( this includes income ) of the lowest 10 % in the usa is higher than the lowest 10 % in switzerland . 
  scandinavian lowest 10 % was still higher , but their top 10 % are lower -- basically unsurprisingly more equality . 
  - about the minimum wage - i see , well that is a problem -- everybody is basically shifting the burden to someone else . 
  i have been in favour of basic income minimum state instead of a welfare state . 
   capitalist , get him !, 
  yeah you got me , do n't shoot . 
  my point was that health care costs are increasing , because there are no incentives to make it more efficient . 
  i recognise that health care does not work in a free market ( because supply/demand is skewed ) , but i am in favour of minimal public financed health care . 
  same goes with schoolbooks . 
  all costs of books have dropped massively , but schoolbook prices have risen massively . 
  --  price in-elasticity why we do not shift to digital learning is beyond me ... harvard , stanford and mit do it . 
   wait , you 're against paid parental leave ? 
  yes ( and maternity ) . 
  as [ kay hymowitz ] ( https://youtu.be/srikptc1v6y?t=232 ) puts it , ` it puts women on the mommy track , which makes it harder to achieve and compete in an extremely competitive environment . ', 
  remember [ this chart ] ( http://www.grant-thornton.co.uk/pagefiles/33095/ibr2014_wib_top_bottom_ten_large.jpg ) ? 
  american women out compete dutch women at the top by more than a factor of 2 : / leaving out the obvious discrimination against women that comes with maternity leave . 
  edit : usa does not officially have mandated maternity leave . 
  one of the reasons eu was found was for globalisation -- for our companies to compete with the outside market ( china and usa ) . 
  edit : i.e. 
  eu enables and promoted globalisation . 
   want high welfare ? 
  then you get to pay for workers from poorer countries too . 
  want low business taxes ? 
  then you force everyone else to do the same to keep them from moving . 
  want high environmental standards ? 
  production will leave for countries with lower standards . 
  etc etc. 
  yes lot , choices imply sacrifices -- trade off 's . 
   well if you have that opinion do n't complain that politicians `` lie '' to you because they said they would do the opposite just a few months back . 
  i am quite coherent in that respect . 
  democracy is pragmatic compromise . 
  with elections , politicians tell what they stand for , but of course due to the essence of parliamentary democracy , they have to compromise -- some view this compromise as lying or betrayal . 
   but besides : not having any real profile but going whichever way the wind blows is not being more democratic it 's being spineless politicians are conformists ( see political correctness ) . 
  they have to please the majority and fear losing votes if they do n't . 
  if she goes with the majority flow she is * spineless * . 
  if she does not , she is lying , deceiving or betraying democracy . 
  at this point , it becomes a scenario of * damned if you do and damned if you do n't * . 
  sometimes , i wonder if people actually understand democracy . 
   do n't you worry . 
  she will do a 180 like last time with the `` energiewende '' when she jumped on the anti-nuclear bandwagon in order not to lose popularity . 
  is n't that how democracy is supposed to work ? 
   that 's it for now , i 'm fucking depressed . 
  why ? 
  germany is overall a fantastic country . 
  do n't be so dramatic . 
   we do n't have a minimum wage ( but we have a system were the union rates are law for everybody , even if you 're not in the union , which makes fighting unions a waste of time ) wait , so you * do * have a minimum wage , but it varies by the union rating ? 
  who or what decides the minimum wage ? 
   we do n't have single-payer health insurance . 
  there 's what boils down to a two class system of those publicly insured and those privately insured with those privately insured getting better service than those publicly insured . 
  i see no problem with this ...  paid maternity leave : 14 weeks . 
  paid paternity leave : 0 . 
  parental leave : 156 weeks @ 67 % pay . 
  it is worse here in the netherlands . 
  here it is 100 % for 6 months . 
  should be none , imo . 
  best case scenario : cameron manages to convince others that europe should go back to what it was supposed to be ; a non-political economic free trading zone . 
  no euro , no federalisation . 
  just maximising economic efficiency and trade . 
  i hate the idea that the european law is above dutch law : /, 
  no i am not talking like eastern bloc countries were forced to join nato . 
  i believe that the nato should have kept to their promise that practically ended the cold war . 
  the following sums it up : * back in the final days of the cold war , the united states and the soviet union negotiated an agreement . 
  the soviets would withdraw from eastern europe and dismantle the warsaw pact , and in return the americans would stop the nato expansion and the encirclement of the soviet union . 
  both sides were to ease the tensions and build up relations . 
  however , what happened next was that the soviet withdrawal from eastern europe triggered a series of nationalist revolts throughout the ussr . 
  the unintended consequence here was the break-up of the soviet union . 
  in the aftermath of this collapse , nato quickly moved into the former warsaw pact member states and even expanded into the former soviet states in the baltics . 
  from the perspective of the new nato members , joining the alliance made sense , given their past experiences with the soviet union . 
  but from russian perspective this was an utter betrayal . 
  * fast forward to 2005 , the russian president vladimir putin announced that the collapse of the soviet union was a major geopolitical disaster . 
  but putin wasnt referring to the collapse of communism . 
  he was referring to the fact that almost three centuries of russian expansionist policy was reversed in a matter of days . 
  russia was basically retracted to its 17th century borders . 
  * the russians could have accepted the situation as it was . 
  however , in 2003 , the rose revolution unfolded in georgia . 
  a year later the orange revolution hit ukraine . 
  and the baltic countries joined nato . 
  imagine what the russian leadership was thinking . 
  about two decade ago they were betrayed and lost their global empire . 
  now nato was moving into the remaining former soviet states . 
  the only thing that the baltics , ukraine and the caucasus add to nato is to increase a multi-vector offensive strategy on the russian federation . 
  from russian perspective this was the old nato strategy of encirclement , and if things kept going at this speed , the very existence of the russian federation would be in question in a matter of years . 
  this is what putin was referring to . 
  it was a wake up call for the kremlin to reassert itself or perish in history . 
  his videos are very informative imo : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el_09mazzs8, 
   he 's good at identifying problems that other parties ignore exactly . 
  that 's why , i find him worth listening to . 
  he noted that ; the nato expansion towards ex-warsaw pact countries has provoked moscow -- we publicly promised not to move nato more to the east , shorty after the cold war . 
  if it has been the other way around , we would not have reacted any better . 
  british banter best banter ? 
  i think he is correct . 
  but wee were discussing attitudes .
