  i thought that my remark of earning more than the threshold to reach the flat tax of 14,5 % ( could vary ) is very desirable . 
  most people are not content with remaining in a low income bracket . 
  let 's take a threshold of 4000 . 
  nit at 25 % again . 
  the personal gain would be 18,75 euro . 
  all the money you earn after this would make you jump to 21,375 euro ( 25 euro with 14,5 % ) as personal gain . 
  this is a high threshold , it could be lower ( ~ 2000 ) and the jump of personal gain would even be higher . 
  as long as the flat tax is lower than the nit % , there is a massive extra incentive to earn more than the threshold . 
  there was a study that happiness started to stagnate around 80k/year . 
  that is 6,67 k per month of income . 
  raise the number to compensate for the tax , and you see that the incentive to earn more is really there . 
  but that would be certainly above the threshold . 
  oops , i mean fte not fet . 
  typo  .  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/full-time_equivalent  do n't need to work '' - crowd that parasitically live off the nit . 
  my point being that in this system you only have positive incentives , but the negative incentives ( `` try getting a job or you will have even less '' ) do n't exist . 
  but an effective basic income of 500 euro is barely liveable . 
  i believe that i need to have at least around 1000 euro 's of income to meet my basic needs . 
  hell , normal rent for an aparment is ~ 700 euro . 
  rest , let 's say it ends up around 1100 euro . 
  quick calculation . 
  to get a total income of 1250 euro , the company ought to pay 6,25 euro per hour ( 1000 euro per month ) . 
  the personal gain per hour is ~ 4,7 euro per hour . 
  everything else being equal . 
  year income would be 15k ( modal income here is around 25-35k ) note that after the threshold , there is a flat tax of 14,5 % ( rand paul 's suggestion ) . 
  so there is only incentive to earn more than the threshold to massively improve ones personal gain . 
  the nit stops at the threshold . 
  i think it could actually work . 
  workers would be reluctant to accept jobs that do n't pay near the threshold -- so companies have to pay near 12,5 euro per hour . 
  i think there is merit here . 
  i made this quickly : https://i.imgur.com/3vxlexg.png * total income = ( ( y-x ) / 4 ) + x ) basically a 25 % nit with a threshold at 2000 , resulting in effectively a basic income of 500 , which is comparable with your unemployment benefits . 
  this assume a regular job paying for 1 fte . 
  company pays him 12,5 euro 's per hour and he gets the rest compensated from the nit of 25 % off the threshold . 
  for every extra hour of work , the worker gains ~ 9,4 ( -  9,375 ) euros per hour . 
  this does not seem a bad idea , imo ? 
  edit : * 9,4 comes from the 75/8 - 9,375 * x , y and nit % variables is open for practical debate . 
  * modal or median income may vary . 
  oh right -- company could decide to pay low : s forgot . . hmm that would be a problem . 
  maybe : / let 's see how this works out . . 
  this is what happens when a company pays 600 ( 100 above the abs nit value , which would be 500 ) for a full time job : https://i.imgur.com/utcqubm.png :( ( ( edit ( 2 ) : so businesses ought to pay higher than the nit to attract any worker , which would be 501 . https://i.imgur.com/lcov0ip.png, 
   i did n't talk about crime , but the will to conquest other countries or generally the will to accumulate power . 
   crime is a different issue because it is linked to more than just poverty , there are also issues of biology and possibly genetics involves . 
  problems of parenting as well as trauma . 
  welfare states tend to get rid of most crime which is actually caused by poverty , but leaves society to deal with the other kinds of crime - the want-crime not the need-crime so to speak . 
  i see , good points , i agree . 
   indeed , although i fail to see were exactly that is n't welfare , but that 's just definitions . 
  true , i see it as replacing complex ( bureaucratic ) welfare system with a simpler one . 
  milton friedman 's idea is interesting : https://youtu.be/xtpgkx588nm ( ~ 15 min ) . 
   i would agree that people will always be tempted by conquest , because conquest means power and power means safety - to which my solution would be to create a society were people already have what they need and are heard so that any more power-grabbing would be demaging to their situation . 
  yes interesting -- i could see how that would work . 
  it is very likely true that poverty enables or stimulates crimes and unproductive lifestyle . 
  so your solutions would be some kind of wealth distribution through taxation ( with bureaucracy ) , which on balance could be cheaper ( as preventative/pro-active measure and bureaucracy ) instead of paying for policing , justice system , national security , prison costs etcetera ( reactive measures and bureaucracy ) which could end up being more expensive -- not even mentioning zero sum effort . 
  anyway with my basic income idea , there would be no such issue in the first place . 
  a basic income would fulfil those basic needs you talk about . 
   basic difference of philosophy . 
  yes and you know what is interesting -- as sowell has argued -- we do not disagree on politics but the deeper underlying visions . 
  thomas sowell came with the underlying visions of certain political positions . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_conflict_of_visions so fundamentally , we disagree on the view of human nature ( a factual debate ) . 
  i noted that in your remark about the human culture . 
  [ steven pinker ] ( http://pinker.wjh.harvard.edu/books/tbs/media_articles/2002_10_30_upi.html ) says the following : * they are the different visions of human nature that underlie left-wing and right-wing ideologies . 
  the distinction comes from the economist thomas sowell in his wonderful book `` a conflict of visions . '', 
  according to the tragic vision , humans are inherently limited in virtue , wisdom , and knowledge , and social arrangements must acknowledge those limits . 
  according to the utopian vision , these limits are `` products '' of our social arrangements , and we should strive to overcome them in a better society of the future . 
  out of this distinction come many right-left contrasts that would otherwise have no common denominator . 
  * rightists tend to like tradition ( because human nature does not change ) , small government ( because no leader is wise enough to plan society ) , a strong police and military ( because people will always be tempted by crime and conquest ) , and free markets ( because they convert individual selfishness into collective wealth ) . 
  * leftists believe that these positions are defeatist and cynical , because if we change parenting , education , the media , and social expectations , people could become wiser , nicer , and more peaceable and generous . 
  sorry mate , i have misunderstood the context -- only just realised that * after * reading your reply . 
  i am against a political union . 
   that sounds like an interesting idea , but what about the unemployed ? 
  most social benefits go to the unemployed ( if i 'm not horribly mistaken ) to keep them from having to live in a card box and eat of a dumpster . 
  would you go for the `` fuck them '' or is some welfare state ok ? 
  huh ? 
  basic income idea is that everybody is basically guaranteed an income , regardless whether you are employed or not . 
  no one is fucked as far as i consider . 
  with the technological advancement , i tend not to shame nor blame people for being unemployed . 
   maybe i 'm channeling my inner stereotypical german too much here , but for me i 'd see efficiency as reason all on it 's own . 
  i am almost done studying industrial engineering and business management . 
  efficiency has been the main subject in my study . 
  i am almost a german -- according to duolingo , i speak 17 % fluently german . 
   but i can also see a minister of health proudly walking into a press conference and announcing that the rates will be lower next year because they streamlined some process - though i do doubt i 'd ever see it . 
  in the uk ( the nhs ) applies some kind of controlled competition . 
  i think that would be the optimal . 
  ideally , we would like to live in a world where we just basically do n't need health care -- i.e. 
  preventative policies ought to be looked at . 
   because harvard , stanford and mit are filthy rich . 
  i believe that all of them are privatised . 
   as a left-winger my solution would be a wee bit more radical : 1 . 
  found a state-owned publication house . 
  hire expert writers , designers and pedagogue . 
  state writes its own books under the editorial scrutiny of all major parties and the public . 
  print the book and offer a digital version online for free . 
  sell the books to schools so that you just break even . 
  watch as slowly less students will take the books and just come in with electronics on which the books would be . 
  you know , maybe that could work for efficiency . 
  but i go to a business and engineering school . 
  the freshmen already get significant different curricula . 
  the school has to move with the job market and demand of businesses , and that moves really quickly . 
  but perhaps that is different for more static academic subjects , like physics ? 
   it appears there 's no connection at all , except that if you treat men somewhat equally maybe -- personally i would not take parental leave anyway . 
  if it makes little to no difference , i prefer no maternity leave nor paternity leave . 
  in my view : every policy is more bureaucracy , less freedom and less efficiency .
