  so there is now a period of waiting , where the various actors involved face off and try ever so hard not to blink . 
   in the meantime , the laws of the uk and eu are unaffected . 
  the legal situation is the same today as it was yesterday . 
  nothing has been repealed . 
  and even if the article 50 notification is made , there are unlikely to be any fundamental legal changes until 2018 at the earliest . 
   nothing can force the uk to press the notification button , and nothing can force the eu to negotiate until it is pressed . 
  it is entirely a matter for a member state to decide whether to make the notification and , if so , when . 
  in turn , there is no obligation on the eu to enter into negotiations until the notification is made . 
  there is therefore a stalemate . 
  if this were game of chess , a draw would now be offered . 
  [ this ] ( http://survivallife.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/8-mud-for-insect-protection.jpg ) should be a good idea, 
   eastern europe 's population is shrinking like no other regional population in modern history . 
   the population has declined dramatically in war ridden countries like syria as well as in some advanced economies in peacetime , like japan . 
  but a population drop throughout a whole region and over decades has never been observed in the world since the 1950s with the exception of southern europe in the last five years and eastern europe over the last 25 consecutive years . 
   the un estimated that there were about 292 million people in eastern europe last year , 18 million less than in the early 1990s , that 's more than the population of the netherlands disappearing from the region . 
  the fall corresponds to a drop of six per cent , give or take . 
   the contraction began after the fall of the soviet bloc and accelerated until the early 2000s when it began to slow down . 
   emigration  emigration is one of the main reasons behind the decline . 
  eastern europeans migrated to western europe , enticed by the prospect of higher earnings and better welfare systems . 
  the main destinations for poles , latvians and lithuanians were the uk and ireland . 
  estonians left for finland , romanians went to italy and spain . 
  more recently , norway has emerged as a popular destination . 
   but this is not only a story of emigration made possible by the enlargement of the european union . 
  people from the region had begun emigrating even before accession , and countries that are not part of the union have also seen a strong outflow . 
   romania , for example , lost 9 per cent of its population in the fifteen years to 2005 . 
  in 1990 alone , nearly 100,000 romanian citizens settled permanently abroad , with similar figures in the following few years . 
  according to an oecd report , in the early days romanian emigration largely concerned ethnic minorities . 
  most recently , it 's been job seekers . 
  by 2007 - the year in which romania joined the eu - the majority of romanian emigrants had already left the country . 
   similarly , bulgaria - which joined the eu in the same year - had a net migration rate of over eight per thousand in the first half of the 1990s , which progressively decreased to just over 1 per thousand in the last five years . 
   albania , which is not an eu member , experienced an even larger outflow of migrants . 
   falling fertility  those who stayed started having fewer children . 
  eastern european women had an average of 2.1 children each in the late eighties . 
  ten years later this had dropped to 1.2 . 
   economic and political uncertainty in the post-soviet era had a significant effect on fertility rates , along with the absence of an adequate welfare system . 
   although other countries , like germany , experienced a similar drop in fertility , the effect is much bigger in countries which do not have similar levels of immigration . 
  the result is that from the mid-1990s in most eastern european countries deaths outnumbered births . 
   institutions have started firing alarm bells  when the oecd looked into the impact of emigration in the baltic and eastern european countries it raised alarm over the long-term economic impact :  `` while this [ emigration ] served as a safety valve in a time of poor employment opportunities and led to high levels of remittances , the longer term implications appear less positive : smaller working-age population , loss of educated youth , and skills shortages . ''  the european commission shares similar concerns . 
  this is what it said of romania :  `` strong outward migration , including of the highly-skilled workers , coupled with an ageing population represent a challenge to support a competitive economy . ''  it is eastern european countries which will suffer the steepest drops in the size of working-age population within europe , according to the european commission . 
  by 2060 they will have the highest `` old age dependency ratios '' - meaning the proportion of older , inactive citizens relative to workers -- in the region . 
   policies are not helping much  most eastern european countries took measures to reverse these trends in fertility and emigration , with poor results . 
  poland gave cash benefits to those who had two or more children , one of many family policies trashed by oxford university . 
   `` the majority of extant family policies in cee countries suffer from a variety of shortcomings that impede them from helping to generate optimal family welfare and to provide conditions for cohort fertility to increase , '' the study says . 
   the oecd delivered a similar verdict for policies aimed at making emigrants return :  `` return policies have met with limited success ( . . ) . 
  job fairs aimed at emigrants from romania did not lead to many returns . 
  polish programmes to bring back emigrants were stymied by insufficient planning , by negative economic conditions and by the requirement not to favour returnees over non-migrants . ''  the narrowing of the wealth gap -- more effective  most eastern european economies are growing at an incredibly rapid pace , largely because they 're catching up . 
   what this means is that the difference in gdp per capita with western europe is narrowing . 
  broadly speaking , improving conditions in the region should reduce the incentives to emigrate . 
  better job opportunities and higher wealth should also lead to higher fertility rates . 
   the gdp per capita of the czech republic , slovenia and slovakia is now about eighty per cent or over that of the european union . 
  it used to be 50 per cent in slovakia in the mid-1990s . 
   all these countries have seen their populations expand in the last decade . 
   but in poorer countries like romania , bulgaria , and albania the size of the population is still declining . 
  the full text ( cont . ), 
   not all of the \u00e9migr\u00e9s have completely cut their ties with russia . 
  like newski , kirill serebrennikov , head of moscow 's gogol centre theatre , and a director for stage and screen ( his latest film , the student , premiered at cannes last year ) , lives between russia and germany . 
  he is typical of a significant subset of berlin 's recent russian immigrants -- muscovites who have bought flats in the city but still consider moscow their main home . 
   serebrennikov lived in the german capital while staging the barber of seville and american lulu for the komische oper , but has no plans to settle here permanently -- moscow is just `` too interesting '' . 
  `` theatre is booming there right now , '' he says . 
  `` people go to shows , discuss them -- they 're seen as valuable and important . '' his productions -- and his time -- are in huge demand : `` it 's like being in a lemon-squeezer 24 hours a day . ''  over drinks at a cinema in prenzlauer berg , he argues that worries over artistic freedom in russia are overdone . 
  `` we 're all alive , they have n't started shooting us , and thanks for that , '' he says . 
  `` and anyway , to quote fassbinder , ` fear eats the soul . '''  yet serebrennikov himself has felt the wrath of russia 's moral crusaders . 
  he reads out a complaint sent to the moscow culture ministry about one of his theatre 's productions , russian fairytales , claiming it `` propagandises cruelty , violence , murders , incest , blood and a lot of very harsh swearing '' . 
  `` please clarify who is financing it and who commissioned it , '' wrote the sender . 
  but the director dismisses such interventions . 
  indeed , plays targeted in this way often become massive succ\u00e8s de scandale . 
  `` sometimes it 's a deliberate pr strategy -- people pay the extremists to attack them , '' he says . 
   like serebrennikov , sergej newski believes artistic freedom in russia will survive . 
  the toughest period , he says , was when putin annexed crimea , and an aggressive new cultural policy was promulgated based on conservative values and assertions of russian superiority . 
  but he thinks that `` patriotic hysteria '' has peaked . 
  `` they could n't find any artists who actually conformed to the policy , '' he says , `` so they quietly shelved it . ''  he has been encouraged by what he sees as a new openness to experimentation in moscow : his exacting works find a ready audience there , and private capital is flowing into the arts . 
  in february , the premiere of his cloud ground violin concerto was performed in the perm theatre for opera and ballet in the urals , which , under the baton of greek conductor teodor currentzis , has become one of russia 's hottest cultural centres . 
   natalia pschenitschnikova , an avant-garde singer who moved to berlin in 1993 , is less sanguine about the situation back home . 
  an economic slowdown caused by low oil prices and western sanctions has depressed the mood in the arts sector . 
  `` money is running out , the treasury is empty and lots of people have lost their jobs , '' she says . 
  `` all independent structures are being taken over by the state and anyone criticising the government gets sacked . '' yet she is convinced there is the potential for change . 
  `` there are always unexpected twists and turns in russia , '' she says . 
  `` in the 1980s there was such hopelessness , we were just stuck there unable to travel -- and then perestroika happened . 
  it 's impossible to predict the future . ''  the writer sergei lebedev , author of the critically acclaimed gulag novel oblivion , is another semi-\u00e9migr\u00e9 dreaming of moving effortlessly between moscow and berlin and other european cities ( he is about to move to berlin on a german pen fellowship ) . 
  he notes that in 1910 his great-grandfather lived in venice for a year -- the kind of jaunt that became impossible after the bolsheviks took power . 
  `` it 's extremely important for me to try to restore this experience of freedom , this feeling that you can just go and live wherever your intellectual interest takes you , '' he says . 
   such cosmopolitanism stands in contrast to the mood in russia , which , under putin , has grown increasingly nationalistic , anti-western and anti-ukrainian . 
  `` people could never imagine that politicians could sow such discord between our two nations , and that ukraine could become our enemy , '' says serebrennikov , who is himself half-ukrainian . 
   in the german capital , russians and ukrainians rub shoulders together amiably , attending the same arts festivals , poetry slams and film screenings . 
  `` in berlin we have a soviet creative utopia , '' says alexander delfinov . 
  `` here , everyone gets on -- russians , ukrainians , kazakhs and lithuanians . '' cracking open a can of beer decorated with his iconic `` fraternal kiss '' , vrubel agrees . 
  `` berlin has become a kind of ideal moscow , '' he says . 
  `` the kind of moscow we 'd all like to live in . '', 
  the full text :  it 's 9pm and the panda theater is packed out . 
  a tattooed poet with a pierced nose and hair dyed a muddy red bounds on stage , eyes on fire . 
  `` through the glorious fields of russia rolls a mighty salami , '' he declaims . 
  `` trains , boats and planes perish under the blows of the salami/and villages and cities tremble at the onslaught of the salami . ''  frenzied , loud and breathless , alexander delfinov is the uncrowned king of berlin 's russian poetry slams . 
  his phantasmagorical verse , delivered in high-octane , staccato bursts , draws sell-out crowds . 
  the punters at the panda , housed in a converted brewery in shabby-chic prenzlauer berg , are ecstatic . 
   delfinov 's performance has capped a busy evening of readings by berlin 's russian literati . 
  the room is full of sculpted cheekbones and extravagant moustaches , set against a backdrop of paintings -- a fat naked man next to a russian orthodox church , a self-portrait with angela merkel -- by the \u00e9migr\u00e9 artist dmitry vrubel . 
  delfinov and vrubel are part of a growing community of russian artists , poets , writers and intellectuals who have turned berlin into one of the most vibrant outposts of slavic culture , a kind of moscow-on-spree that is light years away from the repressive world of vladimir putin 's russia . 
   delfinov , who moved to berlin in 2001 , says the influx has accelerated in the past five years , a period when russians ' hopes of democratic change evaporated . 
  many of them quit the country after putin returned in 2012 for a third term as president and veered sharply to the right , espousing a new nationalist rhetoric , clamping down on dissent and annexing crimea . 
  official figures show there are now 22,000 russian expats living in berlin , up 6 per cent on 2015 .
