   all this implies the 19-nation eurozone 's break-up . 
  finance ministers and central bankers are adamant that such a step would be devastating for europe 's economy and global financial stability . 
  however , it is being discussed in circles beyond france 's far-right national front or italy 's anti-establishment five-star movement . 
   mediobanca , an investment bank that was once the exemplar of northern italian capitalism , published a controversial report in january which suggested that , in terms of public debt , italy would not be harmed much by exiting the eurozone . 
   in a move reflecting frustration at the european central bank 's ultra-low interest rates and bond-purchasing programmes , the dutch parliament voted last month to commission an inquiry into the pros and cons of eurozone membership . 
   as guides to europe 's future , these developments deserve close attention -- perhaps more close than mr juncker 's white paper . 
  the full text ( 4 )  ` deserving ' and ` undeserving '  there are undoubtedly pekelders who believe refugees should be barred from the netherlands . 
  i looked for these people , hoping to give them a voice in this article , but i could n't find any . 
  almost everyone i spoke to , including three pvv supporters , drew a distinction between undeserving `` gelukszoekers '' ( `` seekers of luck , happiness '' ) who ought to be sent back home , and `` real '' asylum-seekers who should be helped . 
   kapteijn , the unemployed single mother , worries that immigrant cities like rotterdam `` feel like abroad '' . 
  she says her hometown in the central netherlands now has so many `` foreigners '' that she would n't want to live there . 
  she remarks that the syrian city of aleppo was n't entirely flattened , only eastern aleppo . 
  `` so you do ask yourself why all these people are here . 
  i certainly have an opinion about gold-diggers . ''  however , kapteijn also volunteers at pekela 's asylum centre , and has taken children from the centre to play at her house . 
  she herself had to flee a relationship in south africa . 
  `` then you see that you need that [ help ] , and it 's nice that we can offer that . ''  even akkerman , the wilders admirer who thinks the netherlands lets in too many people , says : `` if someone has to flee for political reasons , that for me is a reason to let them in . 
  if something happens to you yourself , you also want to be able to go somewhere . ''  the local distinction between deserving and undeserving asylum-seekers differs from wilders ' hard line . 
  the pekelder consensus seems closer to the view of prime minister mark rutte , of the centre-right vvd ( volkspartij voor vrijheid en democratie ) party : `` act normally , or get out . ''  most dutch people seem to have some degree of willingness to take in refugees . 
  in a poll carried out by i&o research and twente university in 2015 , 71 per cent of respondents said they would consider an asylum centre in their town `` acceptable '' . 
  ( of that group , 42 per cent said it would be unconditionally acceptable , and 29 per cent under certain conditions . ), 
   a trope of populism is that out-of-touch elites ignore the anger of `` ordinary people '' until it boils over . 
  that does n't seem to be what has happened in oude pekela . 
  kuin spends much of his time trying to find out what local concerns are . 
   when akkerman complains that the council does n't listen to pekelders , i remind him that after kuin became mayor he organised `` coffee hours '' at which anyone could drop in without an appointment . 
  hardly anyone showed up . 
  kuin still offers to meet any pekelder wanting to talk to him . 
  akkerman replies : `` that 's true . 
  but i have the feeling that it would be more use talking to a wall . '' i ask : `` why do n't you try ? '' , to which akkerman responds : `` why does he need me to tell him what he should do ? ''  when locals protested against the asylum centre in september , the socialistische partij -- attuned to local feeling -- backed kuin 's decision to relocate the troublemakers . 
  afterwards , anger decreased . 
  freddie boon of pekela 's so-called citizen guard told dutch tv he supported the move , adding : `` some would rather they had all left , but you should n't do that either . ''  when i visited pekela in january , nobody mentioned any recent incidents with asylum-seekers . 
  akkerman says : `` the last few months it 's really quiet . '' the citizen guard , which had organised on facebook , and `` walked around a bit '' in the autumn , according to kuin , seems to have melted away since . 
  ( i tried several times to contact its founder r\u00f6bbecke for an interview , but he did n't reply . ), 
   since the asylum centre opened here in 2001 , local anger seems to have gone in cycles . 
  it peaks when there is an incident of violence or misbehaviour and then dissipates , whereupon the village gets on with life until the next incident . 
  most dutch towns with asylum centres seem to cope . 
  in the i&o poll , only 15 per cent of people who lived near one of the centres said they had experienced nuisance or difficulties . 
  by contrast , 49 per cent of people who did n't live near a centre expected that if they did , they would experience problems . 
   things are currently so quiet in oude pekela that kuin says he could do with more asylum-seekers . 
  the centre now houses about 200 people but he thinks pekela could handle 400 -- preferably families , he adds , as there is n't enough for single youths to do in the village . 
   half-empty asylum centres are now an issue across the netherlands . 
  anxiety over asylum-seekers peaked in autumn 2015 . 
  there were warnings that the country would be flooded . 
  angry demonstrations against centres took place across the country . 
  when the state 's sociaal en cultureel planbureau ( scp ) polled the dutch about their greatest concern in late 2015 , 65 per cent replied : `` the refugees . '' it was the first time since the survey began in 2008 that any single concern was shared by more than 30 per cent of the population . 
  but the flood never came , because turkey did a deal with the eu to stop refugees at its border . 
   last year about 31,200 asylum-seekers and their relatives registered in the netherlands . 
  now many of the country 's plans for new asylum centres are being scrapped . 
  in the scp 's most recent poll , concern over refugees had declined , though it remained high . 
  refugees are an issue in the march elections , but probably less than wilders would have wanted . 
   wilders ' nativist movement is often likened to brexit and trump . 
  but proportionately it 's much smaller . 
  britain 's leave movement and the trump campaign each persuaded about half the electorate , whereas wilders is polling at 20 per cent or under . 
   even if his becomes the largest party as forecast , that might not get him very far . 
  because of the netherlands ' system of proportional representation , dutch governments are always coalitions , which can only rule effectively if they have more than half the seats in parliament . 
   but it 's hard to see who the pvv could go into coalition with . 
  rutte 's vvd -- the most rightwing of the mainstream parties -- has ruled out a deal . 
  in addition , dutch parties usually need to make compromises in order to form coalitions -- and wilders has never shown much interest in compromising . 
  it looks more likely that the mainstream parties , whose differences are relatively small , will patch together a new coalition . 
  akkerman , for one , says he wo n't be voting for wilders in march because he doubts the pvv can get into government . 
   nor is wilders a thrilling novelty the way trump and brexit were . 
  he has been an mp for 19 years , first for the vvd and then for the pvv , which he founded in 2006 . 
  the pvv represents the `` middle-finger vote '' for pekelders who are fed up with the hague , says siegers , but he adds that the bigger threat to his own sp party is abstention . 
   wilders claims to speak for excluded dutch people -- in his phrase , for `` henk and ingrid '' . 
  but the truth is that even in poor oude pekela he represents a minority . 
  some pekelders do think asylum-seekers are `` no good '' but most hold more positive and nuanced views . 
  the new international clich\u00e9 is that the elite needs to go to places like oude pekela to listen to `` ordinary people '' . 
  if it did , it might be surprised by what it heard . 
  the full text ( 3 )  the awkward facts  last year 's events in oude pekela can read like a standard story of our time : a poor white village tells an out-of-touch elite that ( to use the volkskrant 's phrase ) asylum-seekers `` are no good '' . 
  in this narrative , wilders replaces the communist fr\u00e9 meis as the voice of `` the people '' . 
   but this story does n't quite fit the facts . 
  when a group of kameraadschap demonstrators in oude pekela became national news , something got lost in translation . 
  the awkward fact is -- as the volkskrant 's ombudswoman acknowledged after complaints about the original article -- many pekelders think that helping asylum-seekers is a good thing . 
   kuin 's decision to move the 130 people prompted a counter-demonstration : a protest by angry citizens in support of the asylum centre . 
  a couple of dozen locals gathered outside the town hall holding signs that said : `` i am ashamed '' , `` asylum-seekers are welcome '' and `` get the culprit , not the whole group '' . 
   national media did n't report this protest . 
  many of the pro-asylum protesters were churchgoers who volunteer at the asylum centre . 
  jakob zwinderman , a business coach , told me the bible was clear : `` you receive a guest , and you offer him bed , brood en bad [ bed , bread and bath ] so that he can go on again . '' he continues : `` our church held an ecumenical service with 200 people to raise money for toys for the asylum centre . 
  this got no attention in the press . 
  the same day , 15 blackshirts with tattoos and caps got all the attention for their outrage over the centre . ''  standing up for refugees can be risky . 
  maurits langeler , a churchgoer and businessman who lives in the adjoining , slightly wealthier village of nieuwe pekela , says that when he began speaking out for asylum-seekers , he got threats . 
   langeler once told anti-asylum demonstrators outside the asylum centre : `` there 's a 12-year-old boy from syria inside who walked here alone , without his parents . 
  do you want to come in and meet him ? '' to which , he says , the response was : `` get out , man ! '' but langeler says he can imagine how his opponents felt : `` you do n't look inside my house ... 
  i have misery too . ''  the churches try to do their bit for pekelders who are struggling , though a woman named ria grijze admits it is sometimes harder to help them than to help asylum-seekers . 
  local people in need , grijze says , `` often blame someone else . 
  and they keep you at a distance , a bit . 
  maybe they are very embittered and ca n't accept something from you . 
  maybe a syrian woman can . ''  grijze was upset by the anti-asylum demonstrations . 
  but her syrian `` buddy '' told her : `` do n't get worked up about it . 
  in our country and in the asylum centre there are also people who are n't nice . '' some of pekela 's asylum-seekers were relieved when the misbehaving `` safe-country '' youths were moved away . 
   for many pekelder churchgoers , the asylum centre has become a central part of their lives . 
  one woman i meet had felt useless after her children grew up and left home , and had become depressed . 
  volunteering to help asylum-seekers gave her a purpose , she says . 
  another volunteer , lenie cannegieter , is grateful that the asylum-seekers `` were placed in our path '' . 
  muslim women , she adds , `` hug you till you 're blue '' . 
   some asylum-seekers , in turn , try to help local people . 
  when a church collected clothes for poor pekelders , asylum-seekers helped sort the donations . 
  most of them are bored out of their minds , and keen to do something other than dwell on their own trauma . 
  a number of muslim asylum-seekers even attend bible study groups . 
  one refugee who came along to church was amazed to see female worshippers wearing short dresses , says langeler , who thinks this kind of cultural immersion can help asylum-seekers integrate in the netherlands . 
   many pekelders are quietly accepting of the asylum-seekers .
