  but the pekelder strawboard industry died decades ago , and nothing much replaced it . 
  `` there are a lot of people in the shit here , '' says siegers . 
  some of them rely on a food bank . 
  much of the northern groningen province suffers from similar neglect . 
  lucrative gas is pumped out of the ground , but the main effect on the province has been a series of small earthquakes . 
  the full text :  donald trump 's plans to boost the us growth rate may be getting plenty of attention -- but it is the eurozone economy that is quietly exceeding expectations . 
   figures for business sentiment , growth rates and unemployment for the single currency area have all provided positive surprises during the start of this year , as business confidence proves resilient despite britain 's vote to leave the eu . 
   the eurozone economy has now posted 14 consecutive quarters of growth , the unemployment rate has returned into single digits , and economic sentiment has reached its highest level in six years . 
  the numbers contrast with common depictions of the eurozone economy as stagnant , sclerotic and perennially underperforming . 
   `` i certainly continue to be amazed by the skewed negativism towards europe , '' says erik nielsen , chief economist of unicredit , who says such views are `` mostly based on what seems like superficial attention to the data -- or , maybe , to ` alternative facts ' . ''  in fact , job creation for the eurozone accelerated to a near nine-year record in january , while the rate of output growth maintained a 5 1/2 - year high . 
   the final markit eurozone pmi \u00ae composite output index -- which measures managers ' confidence -- was firmly in positive territory , at 54.4 , the 43rd straight month in which it has signalled expansion . 
   despite deep concerns about italian banks and greece 's long-running financial crisis , eurozone growth in the fourth quarter of last year was estimated at 0.5 per cent , faster than the us rate . 
  for 2016 as a whole , growth in the eurozone outpaced that in the us by 1.7 per cent to 1.6 per cent . 
   analysts agree on the reasons for the relatively robust economic performance of the eurozone : the financial crisis is now nearly a decade old ; there is plenty of slack from unemployment to absorb ; and the uk 's vote to leave has not proved the shock many feared . 
  furthermore , the european central bank 's ultra-loose monetary policy is now finally working , encouraging households and companies to borrow and spend . 
  domestic demand has fuelled most of the recent growth . 
   while peter navarro , head of president trump 's new national trade council , accused germany of `` continuing to exploit other eu countries '' , growth rates have improved across the eurozone , with the important exception of italy . 
  spain grew 3.2 per cent in 2016 and growth in france has also improved rapidly from a contraction in the second quarter . 
   focus economics , which collates economic forecasts , notes that the biggest upgrades to growth expectations in 2017 are in europe . 
  even in 2018 , when mr trump 's tax cuts and infrastructure spending stimulus are expected to have most effect , recent upgrades to forecasts of eurozone growth are on a par with the us . 
   some economists are convinced that europe is suffering more from a pessimistic narrative about its performance compared with the us than anything much more substantial . 
   mr nielsen of unicredit points out that , over the past decade , growth of gdp per head in the eurozone averaged 1.9 per cent a year , `` not a huge difference '' to the 2.4 per cent rate recorded in the us . 
  he adds more of that growth will have been felt by ordinary families in europe , since inequality is not rising as fast as in the us . 
   nevertheless , with fragmented financial markets and big problems remaining in some peripheral countries , such as italy and portugal 's weak banking sectors and high public debt , there are reasons to doubt whether europe 's recent rise is sustainable . 
   dhaval joshi of bca research argues that growth in credit has partly fuelled the surprising improvement -- and that since the credit growth began to slow towards the end of last year , the `` [ eurozone ] economy 's latest ` mini-upswing ' is likely approaching its end . ''  officials are equally cautious , not wanting to highlight the improved prospects for fear this will increase pressure , particularly in germany , for tighter monetary policy . 
  peter praet , chief ecb economist , says : `` the current environment still falls short of a sustained adjustment in the path of inflation to levels closer to 2 per cent over the medium term '' . 
   the likely consequence of such a view is that the ecb will continue to allow momentum to build in the economy to boost inflation and reduce unemployment -- a contrast with the us federal reserve 's signals that it will keep slowly raising interest rates . 
   if the two central banks keep on such divergent paths , with the ecb keen to keep the eurozone economy humming , europe might not be able to keep quiet about its surprisingly strong performance for very much longer . 
  yes , exactly, 
  it looks beautiful in a perverse , toxic way , that photo would make a nice looking wallpaper, 
  the full text of the article :  a quarter of a century after it brought down communism , people power has achieved another big win in romania . 
  the decrees to pardon scores of convicted officials and decriminalise low-level abuse of office , which mass protests have forced the government to withdraw , were a betrayal of the romanian nation by its rulers . 
   they were a betrayal , too , of the country 's encouraging recent progress in tackling endemic corruption . 
  as frans timmermans , the european commission vice-president , asked last week : why , in the final few metres of a marathon , would you turn back and run the other way ? 
   the fight against corruption in romania has indeed been a long-distance slog . 
  the country was admitted to the eu in a politicised decision in 2007 , though its reforms in areas such as fighting crime and building an independent judiciary lagged behind eight other ex-communist countries that joined in 2004 . 
  brussels imposed special monitoring procedures to ensure progress continued . 
  in recent years , romania had shown success in tackling graft , with the dna , its national anti-corruption directorate , pursuing officials at all levels . 
   adrian nastase , a former prime minister , was jailed in 2012 . 
  a second premier , victor ponta , resigned in 2015 facing criminal charges for alleged forgery and complicity in tax evasion , and amid public outrage over a bucharest nightclub fire that killed 64 people . 
  progress on anti-corruption continued under the technocratic government that followed , and the determinedly anti-graft president , klaus iohannis . 
  in the first eight months of 2016 , action by the dna led to court cases involving 777 indicted defendants , including ministers , mps , and judges . 
   that may have been the problem . 
  by rooting out corruption even at local levels , the dna hit the powerful party machine of the centre-left psd , which returned to power in december . 
  the measures that were passed by the government looked like payback to local barons and cronies for helping to ensure that victory . 
   the dna has been accused of being overzealous . 
  but if any adjustments to its operations are required , a mass amnesty and decriminalising an important class of offences are not the way to achieve this . 
  the psd argued that by indicting more officials from its party than from any other , the agency displayed political bias . 
  opposition parties counter that the psd simply has a worse corruption problem . 
   romania has so far avoided the shift to `` illiberal '' democracy under nationalist-conservative governments seen in poland and hungary . 
  its new government may have felt emboldened in its recent decrees by the feeble response to the hungarian and polish backsliding from the eu . 
  it may have felt donald trump 's arrival in the white house would provide another distraction . 
   the psd 's actions have flagged up the risks of romania joining the broader reversal of post-communist progress on rule of law in central europe . 
  fortunately , the robust response of romanians themselves , including the principled stand of president iohannis , who joined the protests , has stopped the government in its tracks on this issue . 
   romanians need to remain vigilant to ensure that the decrees are not reintroduced in some other form , and that the government does not erode other democratic checks and balances . 
  bucharest 's friends and allies , including the us , should maintain the combination of encouragement of reforms and pressure to avoid reversals that has achieved results . 
  that way , romania may yet avoid going down the path of some of its neighbours . 
  the full text :  does president donald trump want to destroy the eu ? 
  we can not answer this question definitely , but the signals he has sent out suggest the bloc should take the potential threat more seriously than it is . 
   just consider this statement by ted malloch , the man widely tipped to be mr trump 's ambassador to the eu . 
  mr malloch , a professor at the henley business school at the university of reading , said he wanted to `` short the euro '' . 
  the single currency was at risk of collapsing within the next 18 months , he said . 
   i am not the greatest euro optimist myself , but i would be happy to be a counterparty to this particular trade . 
  the worst-case scenario for the euro is not its total annihilation but the loss of one of its members . 
   more worrying for the eu than a tough-talking would-be diplomat are the trade negotiations that will follow last friday 's meeting between mr trump and theresa may , the british prime minister . 
  opponents of brexit in the uk have dismissed the possibility of a trade pact with the us on the grounds that mr trump 's protectionist agenda would affect britain as well . 
  except that this deal will not be primarily about trade . 
  it will be a political deal , a vehicle to sow discord between the uk and the eu , the one trade deal mr trump may go soft on for strategic reasons . 
   this is why the hard-bargain rhetoric on brexit by some politicians in brussels is counter-productive because it drives the uk into the hands of mr trump . 
  it is in the eu 's interests to maintain an open relationship with the uk . 
  britain would get more out of a fair deal with europe than from even the cosiest agreement with mr trump . 
  the uk will always trade more with the eu than the us . 
  geography matters . 
   the second , perhaps more imminent risk to the eu 's internal cohesion would be a unilateral lifting by mr trump of sanctions against russia . 
  this has not happened yet but if it did , it would scupper the minsk process through which the eu , russia and ukraine have organised their trilateral relationship since russia 's annexation of crimea . 
  the european sanctions would at this point become not only politically but also physically impossible to sustain . 
  european investors would be able to easily circumvent many of the restrictions . 
   such a decision would potentially destabilise and isolate angela merkel , the german chancellor , who has been pivotal in shaping the eu 's diplomacy towards russia , at home and in the eu . 
  it would play into the hands of her coalition partners , the social democrats , ahead of september 's election . 
  germany 's new foreign minister , sigmar gabriel , a social democrat , favours phasing-out sanctions . 
  a unilateral decision by the us to lift sanctions would potentially isolate ms merkel at home and in the eu . 
   in view of those threats , the eu should consider the following four actions . 
   first , i would urge an immediate increase in defence spending to 2 per cent to fulfil the nato commitment . 
  many eu countries are vulnerable to accusations that they have not contributed their fair share . 
  with pending elections in france and germany , and quite possibly in italy , this is not the best time for the eu to produce a grand joint defence initiative beyond what is already in the pipeline . 
  but an increase in defence spending can be achieved . 
   second , the eu should fast-track the talks around article 50 , the mechanism for exiting the union with the uk . 
  brussels should seek to negotiate a provisional , narrow free-trade deal that requires only approval by the european institutions , rather than the national parliaments of the remaining 27 member states . 
  a fast-track brexit pre-deal would benefit both sides . 
  a more comprehensive agreement could come later . 
   third , the eu should consider entering into an economic relationship with china . 
  mr trump 's decision to revoke the trans-pacific partnership , and the now certain demise of the transatlantic trade and investment partnership between the us and the eu , will open the way for new economic alliances . 
   fourth , the eu will need to fix the eurozone , and not just to frustrate prof malloch 's proposed shorting . 
  this crisis is in its eighth year . 
  the eu needs to stop quarrelling about greece or fretting about whether the euro can survive the next italian elections . 
  there are not many options left to fix the eurozone . 
  the history of monetary unions has shown us that it needs to be embedded in a political union to be sustainable . 
   the eu 's instinct over the past decade has been to do the minimum necessary -- a policy that has left it pathetically weak . 
  europeans should stop hyperventilating about mr trump but look at what the eu needs to do . 
  it will not be able to muddle through for four years , let alone eight , of a trump presidency .
