  geert begeman , a 91-year-old former farmer turned poet and memoirist , tells me : `` it 's just the development of our time , the multicultural society . 
  it 's simply part of everything . ''  zwinderman , who chairs the village 's entrepreneurs ' society , emailed pekelder shopkeepers to ask whether they had experienced problems with asylum-seekers . 
  he showed me the responses of the three who replied :  shopkeeper 1 : `` some are nice and some not nice . 
  you must treat them as you would want to be treated yourself ... one thing is sure , they have all experienced something bad : war , dangerous surroundings , death . 
  traumatised -- nobody wants that . ''  shopkeeper 2 : `` if asylum-seekers come in , they usually look around , sometimes ask prices and then leave again ... they were often in the park but that did n't give us trouble . 
  usually it 's pekelder youth that leave behind lots of rubbish , especially at the windmill . ''  shopkeeper 3 : `` i have no troubles either from the asylum centre or from its inhabitants . 
  as regards the ` proletarian shopping ' [ theft ] by asylum-seekers in the supermarket , i do n't think it 's worse than that by some pekelders . '' ( the point that some pekelders cause trouble was made to me by many in the village . ), 
   yet zwinderman also knows even well-off locals who are fed up with refugees . 
  he tries to describe their feelings : `` we work ourselves sick , and look at what the state does with our money ! '', 
  the full text ( 2 )  the asylum centre opens  it was largely poverty that prompted oude pekela to host an asylum centre -- a source of state subsidies and jobs . 
  the residential centre opened in spring 2001 , initially with about 400 places . 
  suddenly africans in long robes were walking through the village . 
  for the first time since the germans invaded in 1940 , the wider world had come to oude pekela . 
  but the timing was disastrous : months after the centre 's opening , the september 11 attacks happened in the us , and anti-immigrant populism took off in the netherlands . 
   the dutch ruling parties had long taken immigration almost for granted ; suddenly that consensus crumbled . 
  in the anxious winter of 2001 , the giant , bald , witty , gay , populist pim fortuyn emerged as a brand of politician the netherlands had never seen before . 
  he inveighed against elites and multiculturalism , and called islam a `` backward culture '' . 
  days before the elections in may 2002 he was assassinated by a green activist , but his leaderless lpf party got enough votes to enter the dutch government , before imploding months later . 
   in the pekela asylum centre 's early years , there was frequent irritation ( and the odd fight ) between local and refugee youths . 
  boredom is a problem in a village without a cinema or train station . 
  a popular view in oude pekela held that the asylum-seekers were cosseted by the dutch state : they always seemed to be getting money from the bank machine on the high street , bought brand-name beers in the supermarket , and later acquired smartphones . 
   rene akkerman , a young pekelder who admires wilders , notes that most asylum-seekers must have passed through safe but poor eastern european countries on their way here . 
   in their shoes , he says , he too would take advantage of the netherlands ' generous government : `` if i go on holiday and i can choose between a two-star and a five-star hotel , i 'll choose the five-star . ''  but over the years , tensions between pekelders and asylum-seekers mostly diminished . 
  many new arrivals attended the local school or played in the village 's sports teams . 
  a few refugees , after getting permission to live in the netherlands , settled in the village for good . 
   every now and then , some episode has revived tensions . 
  things heated up again in oude pekela last summer . 
  asylum-seekers were blamed for a string of incidents : shoplifting , attacks on two police officers , peeing in a resident 's garden , and a man trying to stop a 12-year-old girl on a bike and asking her to come with him . 
  ( the local rumour is that he sexually assaulted her , but police said no criminal act occurred . 
  the girl managed to cycle away . ), 
   pekela 's mayor , jaap kuin of the pvda , says : `` it quickly turned out that the culprits were a group of ` safe-country ' people '' -- a term used to refer to asylum-seekers from relatively safe regions like the balkans and north africa , who almost invariably have their asylum applications rejected . 
  pekelders had also complained about asylum-seekers hanging around the local park , whistling at women . 
  kuin says : `` it was n't accepted that others took over the village and decided what norms and values applied . ''  in september a regional group called kameraadschap noord-nederland ( `` comradeship northern netherlands '' ) appealed on facebook for a demonstration against oude pekela 's asylum centre . 
  this was the protest reported by the volkskrant . 
  the photographs of angry , flag-waving , shaven-headed men seemed to confirm the national stereotype of a savage , backward oude pekela . 
   in fact , the majority of demonstrators that day were n't pekelders at all , but out-of-town supporters of the kameraadschap -- which the dutch interior minister has described as `` an extreme-right group '' . 
  mayor kuin says : `` i wo n't communicate with them , i want nothing to do with the kameraadschap . ''  still , the protesters were playing on genuine discontent . 
  during the demonstration a police vehicle keeping watch had to race over to the jumbo supermarket , where there had been another theft . 
  siegers says : `` then you think , ` guys , we ca n't keep on like this for much longer . ' local people who would love to take in a syrian child , preferably in their own living room , were saying , ` we do n't want them any more . '''  around the same time as the kameraadschap demo , there was a more spontaneous protest by locals fed up with the crime wave . 
  these people were what are now known in dutch political discourse as `` boze burgers '' -- `` angry citizens '' . 
   `` that 's the reason i began taking strong measures , '' says kuin . 
  `` it really was a reflection of the oude pekela population . '' he asked the coa , the government agency responsible for asylum-seekers , to remove the troublemakers who had come from so-called safe countries . 
  the coa refused . 
  it did n't want towns across the country picking and choosing who to host . 
   so kuin insisted that the coa let him move 130 of the approximately 330 people in oude pekela 's centre ( including the small group of troublemakers ) to other dutch asylum centres . 
  he felt he had to act , because the misbehaving group was undermining sympathy for real refugees . 
   it 's noteworthy that kuin was under pressure only from `` angry citizens '' , and not from the local pvv . 
  that 's because there is no organised local pvv . 
  in almost all dutch towns , including oude pekela , the pvv has n't yet stood in council elections , although it plans to enter the fray next year . 
  so far wilders has preferred to keep personal control of his party rather than turn it into a mass movement . 
  that 's why he has chosen to remain the pvv 's only member . 
  like trump during the us campaign , he controls a twitter account rather than a party machine . 
  the full text of the article ( 1 )  in oude pekela they know one thing for sure : asylum-seekers are no good , '' ran the headline in de volkskrant , a dutch national newspaper , in september . 
   the photograph above the piece showed a large , shaven-headed man with a neck tattoo , paul r\u00f6bbecke , who had founded a `` citizen guard '' to defend little oude pekela against dangerous foreigners . 
   it sounded like the archetypal story of the populist era . 
  oude ( or `` old '' ) pekela is a poor village of 8,000 people stuck away in the dutch north-east , 20km from the german border . 
  now , the volkskrant implied , the mostly white pekelders ( as the inhabitants are known ) were telling the political elite in the hague that they had had enough of the local asylum centre . 
   that 's certainly how the dutch anti-immigrant politician geert wilders sees it . 
  his proposed policies include `` zero new asylum-seekers '' , dutch exit from the european union , the closing of all mosques and a ban on sales of the koran . 
   on march 15 , in the first elections in a western country since donald trump became us president , wilders ' far-right party for freedom , or pvv , will probably become the netherlands ' biggest party . 
  after trump and brexit , is another domino about to fall to nativism ? 
   in winter in oude pekela , the mist rising off the flat meadows is so thick that you cycle around with lights on even in daytime . 
  most days , there are only a few minutes of sunlight . 
  almost the only pedestrians are the asylum-seekers , shrouded in ill-fitting coats , trudging to and from the cheerless barracks where they live , just across the provincial road from the village centre , presumably wondering how on earth they ended up here . 
   in 2014 the dutch weekly elsevier placed oude pekela 403rd and last in its ranking of `` best municipalities '' in the netherlands . 
  it cited the large number of pekelders on benefits , the village 's low incomes ( by one measure , the lowest in the country ) , scant jobs , high crime and poor facilities . 
   the ranking prompted the evangelische omroep ( eo ) , a dutch broadcaster , to make a documentary billed as `` six months in the poorest village in the netherlands '' . 
  the eo focused on a few jobless locals who seemed to spend their days lazing on their sofas smoking . 
  the documentary irritated many pekelders , who are fed up with other dutch people stereotyping them as rural savages . 
   it 's an old caricature . 
  ask people from elsewhere in the netherlands about oude pekela , and many still spontaneously mention allegations of wide-scale paedophilia perpetrated by people dressed as clowns in the 1980s . 
   no crimes were ever discovered , and the police eventually said the stories were mass hysteria , but the village 's image never recovered . 
   in the village  the first thing you notice in oude pekela is how much richer it looks than poor towns in britain or france . 
  if this is the poorest village in the netherlands , then the netherlands is in pretty good shape . 
  the dutch state is very present here . 
  in the village centre there is a warm , clean public library with a coffee bar , which adjoins a sports hall . 
  across the parking lot are the frozen fields of the local football club , noordster . 
   pekela 's housing stock looks well kept . 
  i visit a jobless single mother named rianne kapteijn , a long-time pvv voter , in her pretty brick house with a garden in a cul-de-sac just off the canal . 
  `` i feel quite happy in pekela , '' she says . 
  `` me too ! '' choruses her well-dressed daughter , doing handicrafts beside her . 
  kapteijn adds : `` i do n't feel poor , because we can afford everything . '' the minimum gross benefit for a single adult in the netherlands is $ 266.40 a week , more than triple the maximum jobseeker 's allowance for a british singleton ; dutch child benefit is higher too . 
   on reporting trips to poor towns in northern england i have encountered fierce distrust of the media . 
  but everyone i meet in pekela seems happy to sit down with a journalist , often over a cup of the local hemp tea ( nothing to do with marijuana , they explain ) and hold forth in high dutch . 
  ( with each other , pekelders favour the local dialect . ), 
   if oude pekela looks reasonably well off , it 's partly because it used to be well off . 
  people began digging peat out of the ground in this region more than 1,000 years ago . 
  they used it to bake bricks and bread , and to brew beer . 
  later a local river was reshaped into a canal to transport the peat . 
  ships constructed on the canal sailed to the baltic and mediterranean seas . 
  some of the gorgeous mansions that line pekela 's waterfront were built 200 years ago for ship captains . 
  today you can get a large beautiful house here for less than $ 200,000 . 
   after the peat ran out , and the size of modern ships outgrew the canal , pekela became an industrial village . 
  last century , its engineered strawboards were exported around the world . 
  many pekelder factory - and farmworkers were poorly paid , and they rallied behind communist leaders like local boy fr\u00e9 meis . 
  his statue now stands by the canal , on the spot where he led a strawboard workers ' strike in 1969 . 
  nearby are socialist realist-style statues of workers -- one depicting a man in a cap pushing a dog-cart -- of the type you might have found in east germany . 
   the centre-left pvda ( partij van de arbeid ) has been the biggest party in oude pekela since 1946 , and until the 1980s the communist party was reliably second . 
  in the last national election , in 2012 , wilders ' pvv finished third here with 14 per cent , but it expects to do better this time . 
   pim siegers , a local councillor for the far-left socialistische partij ( sp ) , insists that oude pekela remains one of the netherlands ' `` reddest '' villages .
