  which is it to be ? 
  full text :  on august 20th guzel semenova , a 25-year-old muscovite , was strolling through the grounds of muzeon , one of the city 's parks , and stopped by a burnt-out , rusty trolleybus . 
  inside its shattered interior a small video screen was playing black-and-white footage of events that unfolded in the year she was born . 
  a volunteer explained that the trolleybus had been part of an anti-tank barricade during a coup 25 years ago and symbolised the people 's victory . 
  ms semenova looked confused . 
  the 22-year-old volunteer , herself unsure what exactly had happened during those three days in august 1991 , said it was when `` russia became free . '' ms semenova listened politely , then walked on . 
   a patchy knowledge of those events is nothing unusual in russia . 
  a survey by the levada centre , the country 's leading independent pollster , shows that half the overall population and as many as 90 % of young russians know nothing about the drama that began in the small hours of august 19th 1991 . 
   that morning the world woke up to news of a coup . 
  mikhail gorbachev , the last soviet leader , was detained in crimea , `` unable , for health reasons , to perform his duties '' . 
  power had been seized by a group of hard-line communists , the chief of the kgb and senior army generals , who declared a state of emergency . 
  tanks were rumbling through the centre of moscow . 
  the television , overrun by the kgb 's special forces , was playing tchaikovsky 's `` swan lake '' on a loop . 
  it was a last , desperate attempt to save the disintegrating empire . 
   but on the day of the coup not a soul came out to support the soviet regime . 
  instead , tens of thousands of muscovites took to the streets to build barricades and defend their new freedoms . 
  boris yeltsin , the first democratically elected president of russia , then a subordinate part of the soviet union , called for resistance . 
  the kgb 's special forces were told to attack the russian parliament , the epicentre of the opposition , but nobody was prepared to give a written order . 
  two days later three young men died under a tank . 
  a few hours after that the troops were withdrawn and gorbachev returned to moscow . 
  jubilant crowds marched to the kgb 's headquarters and toppled the statue of its founder , felix dzerzhinsky . 
   those three days marked the end of the soviet union , but they did not become a foundation myth for a new russia . 
  the country was tired of myths . 
  modern school textbooks barely mention them . 
  russian officials used to lay flowers at a small monument to the three young men killed by the tanks , but even this modest gesture stopped in 2004 . 
  this year liberals were banned from marching to the place of their victory 25 years ago . 
  the small festival at the muzeon attracted a few hundred people who watched a stylised performance of `` swan lake '' and a documentary from those days . 
  shot in st petersburg , the cradle of the bolshevik revolution , it showed a vast , peaceful crowd in the main square watching the death throes of the soviet empire . 
  the camera also captured a young vladimir putin by the side of his boss , anatoly sobchak , then the mayor of st petersburg , who had defied the coup . 
  a demonstrator was heard to shout : `` when we get rid of the communist plague , we will again become free and we wo n't have to fight [ a war ] again . ''  the revolution of 1991 overturned the soviet union 's political , economic and social order and put 15 countries on the map where there had previously been only one . 
  but like many revolutions in history , it was followed by a restoration . 
   the tsar the kremlin most admires is alexander iii , who on taking office in 1881 reversed the liberalisation overseen by his father , who was assassinated , to impose an official ideology of orthodoxy , nationalism and autocracy . 
  his portrait and his famous saying , `` russia has only two allies : its army and its navy , '' greet visitors to a revamped museum of russian history at vdnkh , a prime example of stalinist architecture in moscow . 
  stalin himself has had a makeover too . 
  gigantic portraits of him line the roads in crimea , proclaiming : `` it is our victory ! ''  the two main pillars of the soviet state , propaganda and the threat of repression , have been restored . 
  the kgb , which was humiliated and broken up in the aftermath of the coup , has been rebuilt as the main vehicle for political and economic power . 
  the secret police is once again jailing protesters and harassing civil activists . 
  in september the kremlin designated the levada centre a `` foreign agent '' , which could be the end of it . 
  television has been made into a venomous propaganda machine that encourages people to fight `` national traitors '' and `` fifth-columnists '' . 
  boris nemtsov , a liberal politician who once represented russia 's hopes of becoming a `` normal '' country , was murdered outside the kremlin last year . 
   after nearly a decade of economic growth spurred by the market reforms of the 1990s and by rising oil prices , the russian economy has descended into soviet-era stagnation . 
  competition has been stifled and the state 's share in the economy has doubled . 
  the military-industrial complex -- the core of the soviet economy -- is once again seen as the engine of growth . 
  alternative power centres have been eliminated . 
  post-soviet federalism has been emasculated , turning russia into a unitary state . 
   reactionary restoration at home has led to aggression abroad . 
  russia has invaded georgia and ukraine , two of the most democratic former soviet republics . 
  it has intervened in the conflict in syria , propping up the regime of president bashar al-assad . 
  it has attempted to undermine euro-atlantic institutions , backed right-wing parties in europe and tried to meddle in america 's presidential election . 
  and it is once again using the threat of nuclear arms to blackmail the west . 
   after the defeat of the 1991 coup , russia was widely expected to become a westernised , democratic , free-market country . 
  this special report will explain why that did not happen , and ask whether the west has a putin problem or a much deeper and more enduring russia problem . 
   mr putin was originally chosen for the top job by yeltsin , russia 's first president , not least for being on the `` democratic '' side in 1991 . 
  when he came to power in 2000 , he was expected to consolidate the country . 
  instead , he has reinstated an archaic model of the state . 
   it was naive to expect that after 74 years of soviet rule , and several centuries of paternalism before that , russia would rapidly emerge as a functioning western-style democracy . 
  but this report will show that russia 's relapse into an authoritarian corporate state was not inevitable . 
  it was the result of the choices made by the country 's elite at each new fork in the road . 
  and although those choices can not be unmade , they do not predetermine the future . 
  ** not the soviet union **  the collapse of the soviet union brought a massive change to russia . 
  the creation of private ownership launched industries that did not exist before , such as private banks , restaurants and mobile-phone networks . 
  people are free to make money , consume and travel on a scale never seen before in russia 's history . 
  they consume not just more goods and services but more culture and information . 
  the state no longer dominates people 's lives . 
  although it controls television , the internet remains largely unconstrained everywhere , and radio and print still have some freedom . 
  even alexei navalny , an opposition politician , admits that `` despite the curtailing of political and civil freedoms , the past 25 years have been the freest in russian history . ''  people are becoming increasingly alienated from politics , as demonstrated by the low turnout in the parliamentary elections in september , but they are finding other ways of expressing their views . 
  although few russians remember quite how the soviet regime ended , many enjoy the results . 
  russia has a vibrant urban middle class which , until recently , was richer than its equivalents in eastern europe . 
  russia 's cities , with their caf\u00e9s , cycle lanes and shopping streets , do n't look very different from their european counterparts . 
   a new generation of westernised russians born since the end of the soviet union has come of age . 
  the children of the soviet intelligentsia -- a vast educated professional class that supported gorbachev -- dress , eat and behave differently from their parents ' generation . 
  they have a spring in their step . 
   many of these young , educated russians owe their comfortable lives to a decade of economic growth that began in 1998 and ended with the economic crisis in 2008-09 . 
  the impact of that crisis exposed the limits of mr putin 's model of governance . 
  and although economic growth recovered fairly quickly , trust in mr putin 's model of governance declined sharply , from 35 % at the end of 2008 to 20 % in early 2012 , whereas support for western-style democracy shot up from 15 % to 30 % . 
   those who felt that russia needed both economic and political modernisation pinned their hopes on dmitry medvedev , who served as president from 2008 to 2012 . 
  the russian elite wanted him to stay for a second term , but in september 2011 he announced that mr putin , who was then prime minister , would resume the presidency , while mr medvedev would become prime minister . 
  he indicated that this job swap had been planned right from the start of his presidency . 
  many people felt they had been duped . 
  when three months later the kremlin blatantly rigged the parliamentary elections , they took to the streets , demanding the same sort of respect from the state as citizens as they were enjoying as private customers at home and abroad . 
  they wanted russia to become a european-style nation state , an idea formulated by alexey navalny , an anti-corruption blogger who had galvanised the protests through social media . 
  his definition of the governing united russia as a party of `` crooks and thieves '' , and the mood of protest , spread across the country . 
   on tuesday , hungary 's foreign minister peter szijjarto hit back . 
  in an email released to the press agency mti he attacked mr asselborn as `` an intellectual lightweight '' who `` lives a sermonising , pompous and frustrated life ... just a few kilometres from brussels . ''  broadening the spat , he attacked mr asselborn 's comments in light of luxembourg 's attractive tax arrangements for companies while he defended hungary 's hardline anti-refugee position as a vital defence of european civilisation . 
   `` the comments are strange , coming from luxembourg , the home of `` tax optimisation '' and jean-claude juncker [ eu commission president ] , who also talks about burden-sharing , '' mr szijjarto said . 
  `` but we all know that simply means making hungary bear the burden of others ' mistakes . 
  the hungarian government refuses -- the hungarian people will give their opinion [ in a planned referendum ] on october 2 . '', 
  i surely hope so . 
  dunno , you tell me , 
  sure / s on a side note , i guess there are plenty pakistanis willing to do the jobs of underpaid eu workers in britain . 
  full text :  have you ever noticed how supermarkets run out of fruit salads on sunny days when everyone decides they fancy a picnic ? 
  that 's because they rarely do . 
   i never really thought about the mechanics behind this until i interviewed a man who supplied temp workers to a british company that made bagged salads and fruit pots . 
  demand would fluctuate according to the weather , but british weather is notoriously changeable and fresh products have a short shelf life . 
  so the company would only finalise its order for the number of temps it required for the night shift at 4pm on the day . 
  workers on standby would receive text messages : `` you 're on for tonight '' or `` you 're off '' . 
   most of this hyper-flexible workforce had come to the uk from europe . 
  `` we would n't eat without eastern europeans , '' the man from the temp agency said confidently . 
  was he right ? 
  britain might be about to find out .
