  now that uk citizens have voted narrowly to leave the eu , the country 's immigration policy is in flux . 
  some want the uk to maintain the free movement of labour in exchange for access to the eu 's single market . 
  but the leading candidates to replace david cameron as prime minister have said any deal to leave the eu must involve control over future migration , since this was the promise made to leave voters before the referendum . 
   there is talk of the country introducing an australian-style points system that would admit high-skilled migrants such as engineers but stop low-paid migrants like salad-baggers . 
  if that is the policy on the table , it is time for politicians , employers and the public to think seriously about how it would affect the economy . 
   eu nationals account for 31 per cent of the workers in food manufacturing , 21 per cent of those in hotels and other accommodation , 16 per cent of those in agriculture and 15 per cent of those in warehouses . 
  while current migrants probably wo n't be sent home , people who want to limit low-paid migration say this would result in more jobs for british people in future . 
   yet there are already plenty of jobs for british people . 
  the proportion of uk nationals in work is at a near-record 74.4 per cent , higher than in 2004 when the `` a8 '' eastern european countries joined the eu ( which is when migration to the uk began to increase sharply ) . 
  torsten bell , director of the resolution foundation think-tank , says the only significant pocket of unemployment left in britain is among disabled people . 
  `` and we 're not about to send them out into the fields '' . 
   there is also something about the nature of these jobs that makes them tough for uk nationals to do . 
  these sectors usually require extreme flexibility from staff : the salad-baggers who wait for a text message to say they have work that night ; the cleaners who cobble together piecemeal shifts at dusk and dawn ; the fruit pickers living in caravans on farms . 
   when people say `` migrants are doing the jobs that brits are too lazy to do '' , they are missing the point . 
  these jobs may be palatable if you are a single person who has come to the uk to earn money as a stepping stone to a better future . 
  but if you live here permanently , have children here , claim benefits here , they are not jobs on which you can easily build a life . 
   farmers say one reason they can not attract uk workers is the unwieldy benefit system : it does not make sense to do short-term , low-paid temp work that will wreak havoc with your benefit payments for weeks afterwards . 
   so employers deprived of access to flexible eu workers would face a choice . 
  they could automate some work , but that would be tricky in sectors such as cleaning . 
  they could stop expanding because they think they could not staff a new meat factory , say , or a new fruit farm . 
  or they could redesign the jobs to attract uk workers : more stable , less precarious , better paid . 
   some migrant workers have been pushing for these things already . 
  the uk as a nation could have used regulation to help them . 
  but until now , we seem to have accepted these jobs as they are in exchange for the cheap , convenient goods and services that depend on them . 
   low-paid migrants are visible , but many of the benefits they bring are invisible : the british strawberries in the shops , that salad on the shelf just when you want it , the office that is dirty when you leave at night but clean on your return . 
  perhaps we 'll only really know what we 've got when it 's gone . 
  the sad truth is there are millions martins all over europe , poor disenfranchised people who lost the fight with globalisation and the ever-changing technological progress , who feel powerless , hopeless , let-down by their governments and just want to watch the ( western ) world burn , so to speak . 
  that 's a difficult question . 
  probably the unification of transylvania with the kingdom of romania on december 1 , 1918 . 
  besides that : the revolution in december 1989 the 1859 unification of moldavia and wallachia the 1942-3 defeat at stalingrad, 
   britain has voted to leave the eu , after the leave campaign won 51.9 per cent of votes in thursday 's referendum . 
   less than 24 hours after polls closed , the repercussions have already been enormous both in breadth and depth . 
  british prime minister david cameron announced his resignation , whilst currency markets and stock indexes the world over were thrown into chaos on friday as the result became clear . 
   as polls closed on thursday , the impression was that the result would be extremely close . 
  this allowed both sides hope of victory , meaning many of the 16m people who voted remain have spent much of friday in shock , asking how this happened . 
   no doubt the chain of events that led to brexit will be examined in great detail -- and much anguish on the remain side -- for years to come . 
  rapid changes in the uk 's political climate undoubtedly played a part , and global events including the great recession and recent european migrant crisis have left their mark . 
   but for now we can focus on what we know in the immediate aftermath of the vote : the distinguishing characteristics of the areas of britain that voted for either side . 
   votes were reported in each of 382 counting areas : 382 local government districts in england , wales and scotland , plus northern ireland as a single entity and finally gibraltar . 
  between the uk 's census and other official national statistics , data is available on the demographic and socio-economic characteristics of most or all of these areas , allowing us to identify common factors among regions which voted one way or the other . 
   who voted which way ? 
   below are five of the most statistically significant of these factors . 
  polling ahead of the referendum had long since identified education as one of the fundamental drivers of voting intention , and the demographic data shows that this was absolutely the case . 
   out of more than 100 key social characteristics , the percentage of people with a degree was the most strongly associated with the share of voters who voted remain . 
  unsurprisingly , the proportion of people in jobs classified as `` professional occupations '' -- generally requiring a degree equivalent qualification -- was the next strongest . 
   in the recent london mayoral election , we carried out a similar analysis and found that areas where many people did not hold a passport -- indicating they would not have been abroad recently -- tended to yield high votes for the far-right britain first party . 
   the same pattern emerges here . 
  after education and occupation , the share of people not holding a passport was the next most strongly correlated characteristic with the leave vote . 
  it may simply be a statistical quirk that sees the same statistic emerge as a strong indicator of both support for britain first and the leave campaign , but it may also be that we 're seeing proxy evidence of the nationalist theme that has been identified in some of leave 's campaigning . 
   these three are by some way the strongest associations with the pattern of the result across the country , but two more patterns are also worth mentioning . 
  first , earnings . 
  before the vote several polls identified a common finding : people intending to vote leave were much more likely than remain voters to say they felt britain 's economy was either stagnant or in decline . 
   this speaks to the widening rift in british society that many have touted as one of the key shifts that prepared the ground for brexit . 
  earnings data shows that there may be some truth in this : areas with higher median incomes tended to lean remain , whilst lower incomes leaned leave . 
   and finally , age . 
  the generational divide on brexit has been common knowledge throughout the campaign , and is apparent in the demographic data , even if only weakly . 
  had turnout been higher among younger people its influence would have been even greater , but as is usually the case , there was a slight general trend for turnout to increase in line with average age . 
   the regional divide  leave won the day by more than one million votes , which makes the predominantly remain regions notable . 
  in every one of scotland 's 32 council areas more than 50 per cent of the vote went to remain , and the overall split was 62-38 . 
  london was almost as firmly remain , voting 60-40 overall , with remain majorities in 28 of its 33 boroughs . 
  but a closer look at the education chart from earlier shows that the ways in which the two voted remain are quite different . 
   london 's boroughs slot fairly nicely into the national pattern : more education was associated with a lower leave vote , and the leave vote for any given level percentage of degree-educated people was broadly in line with the national trend . 
  what makes london a remain stronghold is its high education levels . 
   but in scotland , whilst the general pattern of more education coinciding with less leave votes held true , the whole cluster is shifted downwards away from the overall trendline : the same level of education in scotland yields a higher remain vote than it would elsewhere in the uk , showing that the scots were more naturally inclined to vote remain , regardless of education levels . 
   will leave rue their decision ? 
   ten days before the referendum , the centre for european reform think tank published a report asking whether leave voters may be `` brexiting [ themselves ] in the foot '' . 
  one of the core points was that the parts of the uk which rely the most heavily on the eu for exports were predicted to be the most anti-eu , based on analysis of the british election survey by academics nick vivyan and chris hanretty . 
   today we reproduced the chart using the actual results rather than the projections , and the pattern holds . 
  on average , the higher the percentage of a region 's economic output that is currently exported to the eu , the higher its leave vote turned out to be . 
  the full text :  not all problems have solutions . 
  and the political problem now caused by the decisive leave vote in the uk does not lend itself to any straightforward solution in practice . 
   part of this is because there was never a good objective reason for the referendum in practice , and part is because the referendum did not have any legal effect . 
  it was always an unnecessary referendum with no legal consequences . 
  in legal terms , it was a glorified opinion poll . 
   but the lack of a solution comes primarily from the awkward legal situation which the result now places the uk . 
  to commence the procedure to leave the eu requires a notification under article 50 of the lisbon treaty . 
  this contains the following provisions :  * 1 . 
  any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . 
  a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 , unless the european council , in agreement with the member state concerned , unanimously decides to extend this period . 
  for the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3 , the member of the european council or of the council representing the withdrawing member state shall not participate in the discussions of the european council or council or in decisions concerning it . 
  a qualified majority shall be defined in accordance with article 238 ( 3 ) ( b ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  if a state which has withdrawn from the union asks to rejoin , its request shall be subject to the procedure referred to in article 49 . 
  *  you can see article 50 ( 3 ) imposes a hard two-year deadline on the exit process . 
  unless all the other member states agree to extend the deadline , the one that sends the notification is out in two years . 
  if there is a negotiated settlement that is a bonus for all concerned , but it is not a precondition . 
   it would appear that no uk politician , including those who headed the leave campaign , is in any rush to press the `` red button '' of the article 50 notification . 
  the now departing prime minister david cameron says it is up to a successor . 
  one likely successor , boris johnson , says there is no haste . 
  the red button will be positioned behind a locked door in downing street with a protective case placed on top . 
  it is not going to get pressed by accident , if it is ever going to get used . 
   and what will happen without the button being pressed may be a political phoney war . 
  it may well be that nothing happens at all : that the referendum result just hangs there , and things carry on an institutional and supranational basis much as before . 
   and there are events which could make it plausible that the notification button is never pressed . 
  a second referendum -- so the uk can vote the `` right way '' -- may take place , after some new `` deal '' . 
  or the european union may itself fall apart , as other member states jostle for position , or even manoeuvre for their own or others ' departure . 
   the referendum result was of immense political importance , but there was no framework for the leave result to have any direct knock-on effects .
