   jews , as the supranational people of the multi-ethnic state , readily became the target of every nationalist enemy of the empire . 
  georg schoenerer , son of a successful viennese industrialist , was the first to turn anti-semitism into a political programme , denouncing the `` sucking vampires '' who knocked at the `` narrow-windowed house of the german farmer and craftsmen '' . 
  unemployment , rising prices and a lack of housing in vienna fuelled the anger of many germans after 1900 , leading to frequent riots and violent attacks on other nationalities . 
  karl lueger channelled schoenerer 's anti-semitism into a political movement , campaigning to be mayor on the slogan `` vienna is german and must remain german '' . 
  his explicit rejection of the multi-ethnic character of vienna brought him into direct conflict with the emperor . 
  lueger won a majority on the city council to elect him mayor in 1895 , but for two years franz joseph nobly refused to appoint him because of his anti-semitism . 
  eventually , in 1897 , franz joseph bowed to popular pressure , and lueger ruled the city until 1910 . 
   that , essentially , was the beginning of the end of liberal vienna . 
  after the war and the end of the monarchy there was a brief flourishing of progressive social democracy in the city , the era of `` red vienna '' . 
  but all the time , in the new , truncated republic of austria the more conservative provinces slowly tightened their grip on the country . 
  in 1933 engelbert dolfuss seized power in the name of austrofascism , which gave way to nazi fascism in 1938 with the anschluss . 
  hitler , who moved to vienna from linz in upper austria , had been transfixed by schoenerer and , particularly , lueger . 
  he hungrily absorbed all his hero 's complaints about the jews and the mixing of `` races '' ; he called the viennese a `` repulsive bunch '' . 
  thus liberal vienna had produced its exact opposite : militant nationalism and anti-semitism . 
  during the interwar years these forces gradually took hold of the new austria and from the 1920s onwards many began to flee abroad . 
  one of the last out , in 1938 , was freud . 
   most of the exiles went to britain and america , where they were often gratefully received . 
  the most valuable aspect of viennese thinking for the west at the time was the application of up-to-date `` scientific '' methods to fields that had previously been left to amateur theorising , or that had been altogether neglected . 
  this transformed many aspects of life . 
   the viennese tended to be more persuasive than the intellectual competition  take the work of charlotte buehler , a pioneer in child psychology . 
  she was born in berlin to jewish parents , but moved to vienna , together with her husband karl , in 1922 . 
  at the university of vienna , through painstaking direct observation , the buehlers worked out their influential response-testing techniques : ways to calibrate a child 's development , through the accomplishment of gradually more complex tasks . 
  these tests are , in effect , still in use today . 
  by six months , an infant should be able to distinguish between a bottle and a rubber doll . 
  at 18 months , he or she was expected to respond to the order `` no '' . 
   often the viennese intellectuals leapt ahead by transferring knowledge gained in one discipline to others , gloriously indifferent to the mind-forged manacles that have come to stifle modern academia and research . 
  in america , several viennese-trained devotees of freud used the tools of psychoanalysis to revolutionise business . 
  ernest dichter , author of `` the strategy of desire , '' transformed the fortunes of companies through marketing that purposely tapped into consumers ' subliminal desires . 
   another example was paul lazarsfeld , the founder of modern american sociology . 
  born of jewish parents , he studied maths in vienna , completing his doctorate on einstein 's gravitational theory , and thereafter applied his expertise in data and quantitative methods to what became known as opinion , or market research -- finding out what people really feel about anything from television programmes to presidential candidates . 
  in vienna in 1931 he conducted the first scientific survey of radio listeners , and also co-wrote a revolutionary study of the devastating social and psychological impacts of unemployment . 
  his team of investigators conducted what is now called `` field research '' , meticulously recording the results of face-to-face interviews with laid-off factory workers in the town of marienthal . 
   moving to america in 1933 , lazarsfeld went on to found the columbia university bureau for social research . 
  his team was the first to use focus groups , developed with dichter , his one-time student , and statistical analysis to delve into the mysteries of voter and consumer preferences or the impact of the emerging mass media . 
  lazarsfeld and others thus helped revivify moribund , antiquarian modes of inquiry , and re-equip them with the latest viennese techniques , often saving entire western intellectual traditions from decrepitude , or possibly extinction . 
  full text ( if you have problems with the access ) ( 1 )  across the cobbles of vienna 's michaelerplatz the world of empires , waltzes and mutton-chop whiskers glowers at the modern age of psychoanalysis , atonal music and clean shaves . 
  in one corner , the monumental , neo-baroque entrance to the hofburg palace , seat of the habsburgs ; in the other , the looshaus , all straight lines and smooth fa\u00e7ades , one of the first buildings in the international style . 
  this outcrop of modernism , designed by adolf loos , was completed in 1911 , less than 20 years after the dome-topped palace entrance it faces . 
  but the building embodied such a different aesthetic , such a contrary world view , that some wondered whether a society that produced such opposites in quick succession could survive . 
  the emperor franz joseph is said to have kept the curtains drawn so he would not have to look at the new world across the square . 
   the sceptics were right . 
  imperial viennese society could not survive . 
  but the ideas and art brought forth during the fecund period of viennese history from the late 1880s to the 1920s endured -- from loos 's modernist architecture to gustav klimt 's symbolist canvasses , from schoenberg 's atonal music and mahler 's sturm und drang to ludwig wittgenstein 's philosophy . 
  those viennese who escaped nazism went on to sustain the west during the cold war , and to restore the traditions of empiricism and liberal democracy . 
  this ferment was part of a generational revolution that swept europe at the end of the 19th century , from berlin to london . 
  but the viennese rebellion was more intense , and more wide-ranging . 
  and it provoked a more extreme reaction . 
  hitler arrived in vienna from the austrian provinces in 1908 and developed his theories of race and power there . 
  vienna was thus the cradle of modernism and fascism , liberalism and totalitarianism : the currents that have shaped much of western thought and politics since vienna itself started to implode in 1916 until the present day . 
  it has been the viennese century . 
   what distinguished pre-1914 vienna from most other european capitals , and what gave the viennese school its particular intellectual tang , was that it was an imperial city rather than a national capital . 
  vienna was the heart of an austro-hungarian empire of about 53m people that stretched from innsbruck in the west almost as far as the black sea in the east . 
  after 1867 the empire was divided into two : a magyar-dominated hungary , ruled from budapest , and a heterogeneous , multi-ethnic , multilingual other half , ruled from vienna . 
  in deference to its multinational character , this half was not called austria but was often referred to as cisleithania , named after a tributary of the danube . 
   in the second half of the 19th century franz joseph 's subjects poured into the city : italians , slovaks , poles , slovenians , moravians , germans and , especially , czechs . 
  by 1910 vienna had a population of 2m , the sixth-biggest city in the world . 
  fortunes made in the fast-industrialising empire , many by jewish and assimilated jewish families such as the wittgensteins and ephrussi , changed the urban landscape . 
  their enormous palaces adorned the ringstrasse , the city 's most elegant boulevard . 
  by 1914 jews made up about 5 % of cisleithania 's population . 
  they did not enjoy rights as a nationality or language group , but benefited from full civil rights as individuals . 
  as carl schorske , the greatest historian of the period has written , they `` became the supranational people of the multinational state , the one folk which , in effect , stepped into the shoes of the earlier aristocracy . 
  their fortunes rose and fell with those of the liberal , cosmopolitan state . ''  vienna was a mixture of classes and nationalities , faiths and worldviews . 
  order a wiener melange in a viennese coffee-house today , suggests steven beller , a historian of austria , stir the hot milk into your bitter coffee , and imperial viennese culture emerges , a dissolving of differences to produce something fresh . 
  the viennese cultural elite encouraged intellectual collisions to give birth to the new . 
  `` there was sperm in the air , '' as the writer stefan zweig somewhat off-puttingly put it . 
  amid a babble of peoples and languages -- one in which , as elsewhere at the time , gender roles were being redefined -- viennese thinking was driven by an urge to find universal forms of communication . 
  it aimed to discover what people had in common behind the fa\u00e7ade of social convention , `` to show modern man his true face '' , in the words of otto wagner , an architect . 
  out of this came some of the most important intellectual schools of the 20th century , as well as the influential , and often highly eccentric , characters who went with it . 
  these included one sigmund freud , who developed psychoanalysis in vienna , in order to expose the common archetypes of the unconscious . 
   ludwig wittgenstein 's `` tractatus logico-philosophicus '' remains the most famous text of viennese philosophy . 
  the pioneering logical positivism of the vienna circle , dominated by moritz schlick and rudolf carnap ( both originally from germany ) was probably of greater influence , setting the scene for modern analytical philosophy with its strong affinity for the sciences . 
  the most accomplished of the circle was otto neurath . 
  on top of his philosophy , he revolutionised the transmission of knowledge with new ways of translating complex information into simple , graphic pictograms : to make knowledge accessible was to make it democratic . 
  all sorts of formats for data visualisation in use today can be traced back to these `` isotypes '' ( example on next page ) . 
   the viennese school also pushed into new fields , such as , famously , sex . 
  before freud , there was richard krafft-ebbing , who studied in graz before coming to vienna and in 1886 published `` psychopathia sexualis , '' the first attempt to apply some rigorous methodology to the study of sexuality . 
  he drew on court cases to analyse homosexuality and bisexuality ( albeit often in latin ) . 
  his work popularised the terms sadism and masochism . 
  ( leopold von sacher-masoch , eponym to the latter and author of `` venus in furs , '' though a subject of the emperor , was not viennese . ), 
   it was partly the emperor himself who opened the way to modern sensibilities . 
  ultra-conservative in taste he may have been , but franz joseph 's duty was to all the peoples of his empire , and he tried to guarantee the freedoms -- of movement , of religion , of the press and of equal rights -- that the liberal constitution of 1867 enshrined . 
  so europe 's crustiest old monarchy often supported some of the most avant-garde artistic projects of the day , such as the vienna secession movement of 1897 , in the interests of strengthening the universal language of art and architecture that might unite the empire . 
  secession artists were engaged to design the empire 's postage stamps and currency . 
  the emperor might have drawn his curtains against the looshaus , but he let it be built . 
  the full text :  when sir jeremy heywood , whitehall 's most senior official , gathered his top team in the immediate aftermath of the brexit referendum , he posed a stark question : `` what is our leverage ? ''  the blank faces staring back at him that day were the start of a government planning effort , now five months old , to map the interests of eu member states , weigh up options and sharpen britain 's bargaining power in brexit talks . 
  since then , work on what officials call `` the l-word '' has been in overdrive . 
   today , britain 's top negotiators are confident they have a strong hand to play . 
  from london 's perspective , it is facing a 27-country bloc that remains economically fragile , worried about security , under populist assault and divided over the crisis of legitimacy facing its central eu institutions . 
   britain is the demander , but in its favour are the fruits of decades of economic integration and near-irreplaceable contributions to common european interests . 
  it has leverage . 
  the big question is how to play it , and whether it is enough . 
   the calculations are like no other negotiation ; even trade talks are a poor guide , as they typically involve willing partners aiming for future liberalisation . 
   `` brexit is a completely different dynamic , '' said stephen adams of the global counsel advisory group . 
  `` you have an unwilling partner on the eu side . 
  the aim is not hypothetical new market access but determining how far to roll back the liberalisation of billions of euros in trade that is already flowing . ''  for this reason , brussels sees britain running headlong into a negotiating trap . 
  it is smaller than the eu , has more to lose , and will be negotiating against a deadline controlled by the eu-27 . 
  crucially , it can largely only exercise leverage by hurting its economy or citizens . 
  `` the brits have so cornered themselves that it is an unequal situation , whatever they do , '' said one senior eu official involved in brexit talks . 
   london 's leverage options cluster along four themes : common economic interests ; britain 's contribution in money and power ; the threat of a hard brexit ; and tactical opportunities to divide the eu27 . 
   ** britain 's contributions **  britain is a net benefactor to europe in two important areas : the eu budget and european security .
