  the full article  since ewa korulska launched startowa middle school as director in 2007 she has wanted it to be a model for polish education . 
   now the school in a warsaw suburb could be swept away as planned educational reforms bring cultural battles between poland 's conservative government and its critics to the nation 's schools . 
   middle schools such as startowa , which teach 13 - to 16-year-olds , would be abolished , but ms korulska and many education professionals have deeper concerns . 
  they say the planned changes , including less time devoted to science and less compulsory schooling , will leave children ill-prepared for jobs and modern life . 
   `` what 's happening is disastrous , '' says ms korulska , whose bright , modern school has walls covered with photographs of its pupils . 
  `` the current curriculum was n't perfect . 
  but this is like someone with a hole in his roof who , instead of repairing the hole , wrecks the house and has nowhere to live afterwards . ''  many in the education establishment fear the reform is part of a `` cultural counter-revolution '' promised by jaroslaw kaczynski , chairman of the ruling law and justice party . 
  this aims to roll back the advance of social liberalism since communism collapsed and poland joined the eu , returning the country to more conservative , catholic roots . 
   like many teachers and academics , ms korulska worries that the government 's plans for schools to spend much more time on history lessons and rewrite the history curriculum are aimed at creating a `` new pole '' . 
   `` i 'm afraid [ the reforms ] will turn children into young nationalists , not patriots , '' she says . 
  `` it 's about raising a human being who is obedient , xenophobic , traditionalist , extremely catholic , without any european values . ''  the school plans have become the biggest flashpoint between the government and its opponents since mass demonstrations by women in october forced a u-turn on a proposed near total abortion ban . 
   the powerful teachers ' union is planning a national strike in march and calling -- with support from opposition political parties -- for a referendum on the proposals . 
  students are holding protest marches in several cities on wednesday , in part over the education plans . 
   mateusz kijowski , chairman of the committee for defence of democracy , which has organised several large anti-government protests , says law and justice `` want to create ` their ' man , who is devoted to them , who does n't listen to science and facts , but is just a believer . '', 
   the government is reversing a 1999 reform that abolished a two-stage system dating from the communist era , with eight years of compulsory primary education starting at age seven followed by four or five years at a vocational or academic secondary school . 
  the 1999 changes brought in a three-stage system extending basic schooling by a year , with six years of primary school plus three at a middle school , before three or four years of higher school . 
   poland 's education ministry told the financial times the 1999 reforms and middle schools had `` met a negative reaction from most of society , and simply did n't work '' in terms of improving education . 
   education experts say poland in fact advanced impressively in international pisa tests for 15-year-olds between 2000 and 2012 , rising from below average in all three subjects tested to become a top-10 country in science and reading , and 13th in maths . 
  its scores declined slightly from 2012 to 2015 , though it was still in the upper part of the rankings . 
   abolishing middle schools will cost jobs among the country 's 684,000 teachers . 
  but slawomir broniarz , president of the polish teachers ' union , says the biggest issue is the `` embarrassing '' new curriculum . 
  `` this is not the poland of the 21st century , '' he says . 
   teachers warn that reducing the length of compulsory schooling will lower attainment and bring forward by a year decisions on whether children should continue into more advanced education . 
   ms korulska also frets over an emphasis on rote learning in draft new base curriculums , instead of on learning how to search for reliable data in a world of `` information overflow '' . 
   the new curriculum reduces time for physics , chemistry , biology and it in favour of history , where mr broniarz says the government is trying to create new heroes and `` patriotic patterns '' . 
   `` i 'm a history teacher but i 'm worried about these shifts in proportions , '' he says . 
  `` you can get a nobel prize for physics but not for polish history . '', 
   teachers complain , too , that the sex education curriculum omits any reference to abortion and is being written by an ardent catholic who opposes contraception . 
  the draft biology curriculum for primary schools plays down the theory of evolution . 
   the education ministry denies the changes are politically motivated or aimed at turning pupils into nationalists . 
   `` we want children finishing school to value their mother tongue and culture , with all its heritage , '' it said . 
  `` we want to step away from common education methods that are all about taking tests . ''  the ministry says the plans were based on broad consultation although teachers say their views were not heeded . 
   in startowa ms korulska says her school will support the strike , and teachers , opposition parties and parents ' associations are coming together to oppose the plans . 
   karolina , 14 , a pupil , worries that a less rigorous curriculum will reduce poles ' chances of working or studying abroad . 
  `` we 'll be perceived less well by other countries , '' she says . 
  `` we 'll go back to the 19th century . '', 
  full text :  theresa may , uk prime minister , and donald trump , the us president , are right . 
  yesterday 's world is gone . 
  today , people everywhere want to choose their destiny . 
  sovereignty has become the great cause of our time . 
   the vote in the uk to leave the eu , for example , should be seen as a warning shot by those who take the european project seriously . 
  it did not just reflect the depth of british euroscepticism ; it also held up a mirror to the eu , reflecting a dysfunctional and highly uninspiring organisation . 
   the permissive consensus that allowed europe to be governed by the elite for the elite is over . 
   so we must rebuild europe 's institutional and democratic foundations and ensure that any new eu-wide powers are understood and accepted by its citizens . 
  at the same time we must defend and strengthen a union that allows european countries to speak with a louder voice on the world stage . 
  mr trump 's recent critical remarks about the eu highlight how important this is . 
   the us president makes no secret of his intention to pursue a protectionist agenda . 
  but protectionism is an illusion . 
  once retaliatory measures are taken , trade dries up , growth slows and it is the weak -- the `` forgotten people '' mr trump appealed to in his inaugural address -- who suffer the most . 
   european governments must be clear : if the us wants to pursue unilateral trade or tax policies that threaten our companies , jobs and tax revenues , then we will change our trade policies and corporate tax rules in response . 
   but in that case everyone loses . 
  real , rather than illusory , sovereignty means opening our borders to trade while cracking down on tax avoidance and beggar-thy-neighbour regulatory policies . 
  in the world of yesterday , european security was also america 's business . 
  mr trump , however , has made it clear that he intends to scale back us involvement abroad . 
   europe therefore faces a choice . 
  it is confronted by the refugee crisis and an unprecedented terrorist threat . 
  until now , the idea of a common european defence policy has raised eyebrows . 
  in 1954 , when the european defence community failed , europe had a common enemy and , through nato , a strong ally . 
  after the fall of the berlin wall , that alliance held even though the enemy had disappeared . 
   today , europe faces multiple enemies , while the alliance is uncertain . 
  we can not fail again . 
  we must create a european defence fund , with a permanent headquarters in charge of operation planning and monitoring . 
  central to this is a franco-german relationship that is strong enough to ensure that europe can act credibly and effectively in the middle east and africa . 
   after the second world war , europe and the us worked together to rebuild a shattered continent , eventually giving birth to the eu . 
  they did so in order to defend liberal democracy against communism and totalitarianism . 
  and they did so in the fight against terrorism . 
   this is a precious legacy . 
  but now we europeans are on our own . 
  we can close our eyes and pretend we still live in the world of yesterday . 
  we can keep on bickering , mesmerised by the lure of an illusory sovereignty . 
  or we can decide to act together and shape our own future . 
   sovereignty does not reside in abstract principles . 
  the french people did not emancipate themselves from absolute monarchy in 1789 with the declaration that `` the principle of any sovereignty lies primarily in the nation '' . 
  true emancipation arrived in 1792 , when citizens across france rose up to defend the revolution against foreign kings . 
  it is when a people makes its own choices that it becomes sovereign . 
  it is time for europeans to become sovereign . 
  damn , italy seems it ca n't catch a break from accidents and natural disasters :(, 
   an informant told police that salah was a friend of mr. abaaoud 's and that the two had recently been in touch several times , according to comit\u00e9 p . the informant , who claimed to have talked to salah , said that his brother brahim was on his way to syria , that salah was ready to follow soon and that salah said `` the brothers in syria need help . ''  the tip seemed solid : brahim had boarded a flight to turkey two days before the informant 's report , according to comit\u00e9 p. local police found that he had returned to belgium as of feb. 9 , and he was put on a terror watch list . 
   police asked salah to come in for questioning , according to comit\u00e9 p . when he did , three weeks later , he admitted being friends with mr. abaaoud but defended his old burglary partner , saying : `` other than the jihad , he is a good person . ''  salah claimed he had n't been in touch with mr. abaaoud for three years and said he did n't support isis . 
  he was let go , the report said . 
   electronics belonging to the brothers the police seized after the traffic stop -- a mobile phone , four computers , two sim cards and three thumb drives , including the one found hidden behind the car 's radio -- could have shown some of these statements to be lies . 
  but they sat untouched by police until after the paris attacks . 
   when police finally examined the electronics and cellphone records , they showed that both brothers had been in touch with people known for their radical or terrorist ties . 
  brahim was communicating with mohamed abrini , known as the `` man in the hat '' seen in surveillance footage of the three brussels airport bombers , and who now is in custody in belgium awaiting trial on terrorism charges . 
   mr. abrini 's lawyer declined to comment . 
  two bombers were killed in the attack , and belgian prosecutors said mr. abrini admitted to being the third . 
   the failure to analyze the electronics was due largely to manpower shortages at the counterterror police , and the pressure of other investigation priorities , the comit\u00e9 p report said . 
   the federal prosecutors ' office repeatedly asked for more to be done with the abdeslams ' case in early 2015 , but the counterterror police never assigned a dedicated investigator , saying there was a lack of resources . 
   instead , they drafted so-called contextualization reports , intended to unearth the likelihood of terrorism links for a suspect , according to comit\u00e9 p . these reports are `` a compilation of information available at a certain point , about the general context and the main actors , '' according to the watchdog . 
   comit\u00e9 p said the reports concluded there were `` no elements '' to suggest the brothers were radicalizing and in touch with known terror suspects . 
   a judge closed the brothers ' case files in june 2015 , but kept their names in the european police database with a request for a `` discreet check '' and an alert to belgian authorities whenever they crossed a border . 
   this type of alert , which did n't specifically flag salah as radicalized , led to a major blunder hours after the paris attacks : french traffic police stopped salah as he was fleeing back to brussels but let him pass . 
  two hours later , belgian authorities told french police he was actually on a terror watch list , but it was too late , according to a french parliamentary probe concluded this summer . 
  salah managed to hide for another four months in brussels . 
   in the months preceding the paris attacks , other movements by salah throughout europe were flagged , but to no avail : he was tracked in greece on aug. 5 , boarding a ferry to italy with another suspect , according to comit\u00e9 p. then , on sept. 9 , salah was checked by austrian police when traveling from hungary with two men -- who turned out to be brussels attackers -- in a rented mercedes . 
  they claimed to be headed to vienna for vacation . 
   although belgian authorities received alerts in both cases , they were ignored . 
  the report said local police believed the case was being handled by federal authorities , while federal police considered the case closed . 
   in july 2015 , an unnamed partner country provided intelligence suggesting mr. abaaoud was returning to europe with dozens of foreign fighters to mount attacks in several major cities , according to comit\u00e9 p.  the federal police orally told the prosecutor about the tip but did n't share it more broadly , the report said , because they treated the information as classified . 
  meanwhile , brahim 's brushes with the law continued -- in july , he was found with a knife in a crashed car -- but the incidents were n't properly cross-referenced to his terrorism file .
