   ** april 2019 : uk 's departure from the eu should be complete **, 
  indeed , thanks for the completion, 
  the full text :  a windy motorway bridge is not a teenager 's normal idea of a fun place for a friday night . 
  but justine dieulafait and her friends are on a mission -- to help far-right candidate marine le pen win the french presidential election . 
   as traffic streams out of the brittany port of st malo , the 18-year-old and 15 young `` patriots '' unfurl a giant banner : `` youth with marine '' . 
  for added effect they light flares in red , white and blue , prompting cars to honk their horns in support . 
   `` young people are in revolt , '' says ms dieulafait . 
  `` we have had 50 years of right and left , and look at the millions of us that are unemployed , living in poverty , without stable jobs or housing . 
  it 's time for a change in the system , it 's time for marine . ''  in a surprising french election , with favoured candidates falling by the wayside and insurgents including ms le pen heading the polls , ms dieulafait and her friends embody another phenomenon : the strength of the youth vote that is propelling the front national towards its best ever result . 
   the party is the most popular in france with those in the 18-24 age bracket , capturing 39 per cent of the votes , according to one recent ifop poll . 
  that is compared with 21 per cent for centrist candidate emmanuel macron and 9 per cent for centre-right rival fran\u00e7ois fillon . 
   such a level of youth support for a far-right populist party seems to go against recent trends elsewhere . 
  in the uk last year , young people mobilised against brexit to defend a cosmopolitan vision of the nation . 
  in the us donald trump , with an anti-immigration and anti-globalisation stance , fared poorly with the youth vote . 
   in france , by contrast , young people are rallying to a party that has compared muslims praying in the street with the nazi occupation of france and has promised to fight against free trade and immigration . 
  the rise in support in recent years is dramatic : in 2012 support for the fn by young people was just 18 per cent . 
   it has become another wild card in an unpredictable race , where a funding scandal has severely damaged the centre-right former frontrunner fran\u00e7ois fillon , while 39-year old independent emmanuel macron , who has never run for office , leads the polls . 
   frustration among young people at lack of jobs and poor economic prospects are a big part of the fn 's appeal . 
  `` we are a generation at risk of living worse than our parents , '' says dominique , one of the group on the bridge , who is 21 and has been struggling to find a job . 
   under the socialist government of fran\u00e7ois hollande unemployment has stayed stubbornly high , twice the level of the uk and germany . 
  youth unemployment is 25 per cent -- up from 18 per cent in 2008 . 
   jo\u00ebl gombin , a french political scientist and data analyst , says that in particular the economic situation has worsened for young people in rural areas and those who leave full-time education earlier -- two characteristics that often correlate with support for the fn . 
  `` for an increasing number of less well-educated young people in france it is a near certainty that they will spend a lot of their lives in a precarious economic situation , '' he says . 
   a second reason for fn support among the young is that they do not remember the fiercely xenophobic party of the 1970s . 
  among the over 65s , who do , support for the fn is just 17 per cent . 
   over the past decade , and particularly since 2011 under the leadership of ms le pen , the party has tried to reshape its image . 
  officials now talk about `` immigration '' rather than `` immigrants '' , for example , and oppose `` radical islam '' rather than `` islam '' , while the issues on which the party campaigns have broadened beyond security and immigration to include an economically focused anti-globalisation message . 
   ms dieulafait was just 12 years old when ms le pen took over the party ; the `` new fn '' is all she has known . 
  `` it was a different time back then in the 1970s . 
  the party of today is focused on the issues of today -- it is jobs , housing and restoring french sovereignty and culture . '', 
   christ\u00e8le marchand-lagier , a specialist in the fn at the university of avignon , says that most young fn voters are not familiar with details of its programme but simply want to vote against the system . 
  `` it is a negative vote , '' she says . 
   but it is clear that the fn is also adept at tailoring its message to the youth vote . 
  the party has the most powerful social media presence in france , for instance . 
  two of the most senior figures in the party , david rachline and marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen , are in their twenties . 
   it is still not clear how much of this support the party will be able to convert into actual votes , given traditionally low turnout rates among young people . 
  in france 's last presidential election , 28 per cent of those aged 18-24 abstained in the second round , more than the 20 per cent national average . 
   but this time , the group on the motorway bridge at least seem determined to make their voices matter . 
  dominique says : `` they say we should suffer in silence -- but we are going to stand up and be counted . '', 
  the full text  alberto bagnai , a professor at pescara university with a blog called goofynomics , this week made a typically provocative demand : that the us should promote a controlled end to the euro . 
   `` undoing the euro will be costly , though less costly than its alternative , which is protracted stagnation of the european and hence the world economy , and the growing risk of a major financial collapse , '' he wrote . 
   such views have made mr bagnai a rare eurosceptic in italian academia . 
  detractors say he leads a `` small sect '' with `` peculiar '' views . 
  but mr bagnai believes the idea that italy should ditch the euro -- possibly dealing a fatal blow to the single currency -- is gaining traction . 
   `` i 've been saying this stuff for seven years , and little by little it 's becoming mainstream , '' he says . 
  `` italy is wounded and the hegemonic powers -- france and germany -- are buying it up piece by piece . 
  this operation is almost colonial . ''  most italian economists , government officials and business executives have been staunch advocates of the euro . 
  the public also remains in favour : opinion polls suggest most support remaining in the single currency despite growing reservations about the eu in general . 
   all the same , there is little doubt that the ground is shifting in rome , with debate over italy 's future in the currency bloc and a possible `` italexit '' gathering pace at what euro supporters fear is an alarming pace . 
   `` these days italexit scenarios are very fashionable but they give me the chills , '' pier carlo padoan , italy 's finance minister , said on saturday , adding that those promoting such a concept `` had no idea of the economic , social and cultural damage that would hit our citizens '' . 
   debate over the future of the euro in italy mirrors that in other european countries where anti-euro politicians have built up solid support bases . 
  dutch populist geert wilders stood in wednesday 's netherlands election on a platform that included ditching the euro , while marine le pen has said that , if elected french president , she would lead the country out of the currency bloc . 
   in italy , the new frenzy was triggered in january when mediobanca , the investment bank , published a report that analysed the impact of departure to italy 's public finances . 
  antonio guglielmi , the author , concluded that while an inexpensive exit could have been engineered in recent years , that window had closed because of the changing structure of italian debt . 
  `` whatever the incentive to exit , it is now too late , '' he said . 
   despite its conclusion , the report was welcomed in eurosceptic quarters as a sign that a possible exit was on the table and being seriously considered . 
   on the political front , the euro is rising to the top of the agenda . 
  both the populist five star movement , which leads opinion polls in italy , and the far-right northern league have floated an exit from the single currency , while silvio berlusconi 's centre-right forza italia , which is fourth in the polls , has proposed a new parallel currency . 
  only the ruling centre-left democratic party ( pd ) is willing to defend euro membership ahead of the next general election , due within a year . 
   filippo taddei , pd chief economic adviser , views any discussion about italy leaving the euro as `` an embarrassing debate '' , with advocates on `` very shaky '' ground . 
  but he believes the time has come to engage , given the backlash . 
   `` the euro is an easy target . 
  people who belong to the reasonable , traditional middle class are starting to ask the question , ` what if we left ? ' , '' mr taddei says . 
  `` i see that , i feel that . ''  those advocating that italy leave the euro seize on the broad public disappointment with the economic damage inflicted by a long recession and a sluggish recovery , arguing that only a return to monetary sovereignty will allow italy to free itself from the budgetary and regulatory constraints set by the eu and the ecb . 
  there is also a sense of nostalgia for the patterns of devaluation that kept italy competitive in the pre-euro era for decades . 
   but euro supporters say the significant devaluation that would follow any new italian currency would lead to an inflationary spiral , higher interest rates and a contraction in real wages . 
  `` you become competitive , sure , but at the expense of wage earners , '' says mr taddei , adding lower income households would suffer the most as prices rose . 
   it would also hit the real value of household savings , which could drive families to shift cash abroad , possibly triggering a banking crisis . 
  such market disruption could be compounded by a rise in bond yields , rekindling the pressure on italian debt from the eurozone crisis of 2011-12 . 
   but mr bagnai challenges the premise of such a large devaluation , saying it would be minimal and not necessarily lead to wage compression . 
  even if it did , that would not be the worst evil . 
   `` at the moment people are unemployed and their salary is zero , so the point is not what happens to their wages . 
  the real problem is whether they can start working again , '' says mr bagnai , adding that if there were a recession in a `` traumatic '' exit , it would be followed by a `` v-shaped '' recovery . 
   the key in his mind is that finally an italian exit is no longer an untouchable subject . 
  `` those who are in denial are n't doing a service to the country , '' says mr bagnai . 
   but the risk felt by supporters of the single currency in italy is that the debate could feed on itself . 
  `` what is now an extremely low probability event may turn into a self-fulfilling prophecy , even before any political shift actually happens , '' says lorenzo codogno , a former chief economist at italy 's finance ministry now with research firm lc macro advisers in london . 
  `` in my view , the probability of italexit remains low -- less than 5 per cent -- but is rising . '', 
  the full text :  as an illustration of the eu 's doubts about its destiny , jean-claude juncker 's white paper on europe 's future fitted the bill nicely . 
   unveiled on wednesday , the european commission president 's document contained no fewer than five scenarios for the eu 's evolution up to 2025 : `` carrying on '' , `` nothing but the single market '' , `` those who want more do more '' , `` doing less more efficiently '' and `` doing much more together '' . 
   the white paper 's vagueness was understandable . 
  with elections this year in the netherlands , bulgaria , france , germany and the czech republic , few if any governments have an appetite for ambitious initiatives from mr juncker . 
   still , governments appreciate that the world holds more risks for europe than at any time since the cold war 's end in 1989-91 . 
  foreign policy strategists in berlin , paris and other capitals are re-examining long-held assumptions about the inevitability of eu integration and the permanence of the us-european security alliance . 
   a `` multi-speed eu '' , encouraging some countries to integrate more closely than others , is back in fashion . 
  especially attractive in parts of western europe , this idea received support on wednesday from jean-marc ayrault and sigmar gabriel , the french and german foreign ministers . 
   another idea is to step up defence collaboration , so that europe becomes a more credible us security partner . 
   beyond these relatively cautious proposals , some policymakers and independent analysts are thinking the unthinkable . 
  one example is a report by macrogeo , a consultancy chaired by carlo de benedetti , an elder statesman of italy 's business community . 
   the report , `` europe in the brexit and trump era : disintegration and regrouping '' , arrives at bold conclusions . 
  it asserts that the eu in its present form is most likely going to decompose , even if pro-integrationists such as emmanuel macron , the french independent centrist , and martin schulz , the german social democrat , win this year 's elections . 
   `` by the 2021-22 electoral cycle , the eu might be entering the last five years of its ` real ' existence , '' the report says , allowing that the bloc 's formal legal structures centred on brussels would probably linger on . 
   the report contends that , apart from shocks such as britain 's vote to leave the eu , long-term geopolitical trends are causing the bloc to atrophy . 
  on europe 's eastern and southern borders , multiple challenges include irregular migration , failing states , terrorism , climate change and russian revisionism . 
   meanwhile , the us is slowly disengaging from europe to focus on china and the asia-pacific . 
  germany will not replace the us as europe 's indispensable power : it will never let the eurozone turn into a `` transfer union '' and , despite speculation about a german nuclear deterrent , its 20th-century past means neither germany nor its neighbours want it to be europe 's dominant military power . 
   would not the eu 's disintegration unleash `` the dangerous nationalist demons of europe 's past '' , as guy verhofstadt , a former belgian prime minister , fears ? 
  the macrogeo authors do not predict anarchic competition among nation-states , but `` the emergence of a german geo-economic core '' . 
   this would consist of germany and countries in its industrial supply chains and comfortable with its monetary and fiscal culture . 
  disarmingly , they suggest that , `` if italy were to fall apart '' , northern italy might join the netherlands , poland , the czech republic , slovakia and some scandinavian countries in this group .
