   in august , brahim checked in at brussels airport for a 5:10 a.m. flight to morocco . 
  federal authorities should have been alerted by border police , but no reportwas made . 
  finally , in late october , three weeks before the paris attacks , a belgian terror-threat analysis body detected that salah had changed his social-media profile picture to an isis flag . 
  it alerted federal police . 
  nothing was done with that information ; the police said the case had been closed . 
   law enforcement before the paris and brussels attacks did n't contact the main belgian counterterror finance agency , the financial intelligence processing unit , to see if the abdeslams and others who turned out to be in the brussels-based isis cell had any unusual money transactions , according to philippe de koster , the agency 's director . 
   authorities are still trying to reconstruct some elements of the isis cell 's financial footprint , said mr. de koster , who added that there is now enhanced cooperation . 
  the abdeslam brothers were two of five siblings , raised in molenbeek , a heavily muslim section of brussels . 
  brahim was described by neighbors as quiet , while salah was friendly and helpful . 
  both men were born in brussels , but were french citizens of moroccan heritage . 
   until a few weeks before the attacks , the brothers co-owned a scruffy molenbeek bar . 
  the brothers sold the bar after local authorities closed it down on suspicion that drugs were being sold and consumed there . 
   both brothers had earlier brushes with the law . 
  according to the comit\u00e9 p report , brahim was involved in 40 offenses starting at age 15 , including robbery , weapons possession and drugs . 
  salah 's 12 offenses included a 2010 break-in at a parking garage , for which he served a month in prison . 
   what is significant about that crime is the person he was caught with : abdelhamid abaaoud , a neighborhood friend who later helped lead the paris attacks and died in a shootout with french police . 
   police have described mr. abaaoud , a belgian who went to fight with isis in syria , as the central player in the brussels isis cell . 
  he is believed to have coordinated several plots in europe , including a may 2014 attack on the jewish museum in brussels , which killed four people . 
  before the paris attacks he was among the most wanted isis operatives in europe . 
  police had at least two tips linking the abdeslams to mr. abaaoud and to terrorism . 
  the first , in july 2014 , came from a belgian counterterror policewoman of moroccan descent who was in touch with a neighbor of the abdeslam family , according to comit\u00e9 p.  she reported that the brothers were getting radicalized , were in touch with mr. abaaoud and were planning something `` irreversible . '' another counterterror police officer , assigned to check out the tip , concluded that at least one of the brothers was `` radicalized and wanted to go to syria , because his mother took his passport away . ''  however , the officer never shared the information with other police units , because he was uncertain which of the brothers the source was talking about and did n't want to incriminate the wrong one , according to comit\u00e9 p.  the second tip linking the abdeslams to mr. abaaoud came in january 2015 , shortly after a police raid and shootout foiled a plot in the eastern belgian town of verviers . 
  the plot again had been coordinated by mr. abaaoud , at that point a highly sought-after terror suspect . 
  the full story :  brussels -- belgian police had numerous chances to unmask the islamic state terror cell that later carried out the paris and brussels attacks , according to a confidential report prepared for belgium 's parliament . 
  they muffed every one . 
   in early 2015 , brussels police stopped a car driven by brahim abdeslam , later one of the paris attackers , and arrested him for drug possession . 
  at the time , brahim was on a terror watch list . 
  he carried a booklet about `` parental consent for the jihad . '' police found a usb thumb drive hidden behind his car radio . 
   he was let go after brief questioning . 
  authorities failed to analyze the thumb drive or other electronics seized after the drug stop from an apartment brahim shared with his younger brother , also involved in the attacks , salah abdeslam . 
  another unnoticed detail : the email address the suspect supplied , s_orry@hotmail.com, was a fake . 
   the incident , details of which have n't been previously reported , is outlined in the parliamentary report prepared by comit\u00e9 p , a watchdog agency of former police and judicial officials auditing the work of belgian police in the wake of the twin attacks . 
  the 82-page report , reviewed by the wall street journal , was finalized in september and has n't been made public . 
   european police have foiled many would-be terrorists in recent years . 
  in many of the major attacks that did occur , the terrorists ' radical leanings were well known to police , who failed to halt them in time . 
   german authorities have faced similar criticism for failing to neutralize the suspect in december 's berlin truck attack . 
  the tunisian immigrant , killed in a shootout in milan days after the attack , was known to have radical ties and had been ordered to be deported . 
   the belgian report reveals that police had information before the paris and brussels attacks that showed the abdeslam brothers had relationships with other terror suspects ; that brahim was n't questioned after multiple interactions with law enforcement even though he was on a terror watch list ; and that police did n't follow up when salah changed his social-media profile picture to the isis flag . 
   the comit\u00e9 p report , along with other official documents and interviews with belgian officials , reveals the extent to which belgian authorities bungled the investigation of the isis cell by ignoring informant tips , failing to heed alerts from other countries and poorly coordinating between law-enforcement branches . 
   members of the isis cell also left a financial trail , including wire transfers and rental-car transactions . 
  belgium 's antiterror finance investigators were able to reconstruct some of these only after the fact . 
   belgian police , for their part , say they are chronically underfunded and overworked . 
  nine months after the drug arrest , brahim , 31 years old , was dead , one of the suicide attackers who killed more than 130 in the november 2015 paris attacks . 
  his brother salah , a key logistics coordinator who had transported many of the paris terrorists on their journeys from syria , was on the run , caught in march just before the brussels attacks that left 32 dead . 
   salah , now 27 , is being held in france awaiting trial . 
  he is without a lawyer after his representation dropped his case in october . 
  the french prosecutor said salah admitted he wanted to blow himself up during the attacks but then changed his mind . 
  the confidential report is part of a broader inquiry by the belgian parliament that includes extensive witness testimony . 
  a spokeswoman for comit\u00e9 p confirmed the committee wrote the report but declined to comment further . 
  the belgian newspaper de tijd has reported some elements of the report . 
   the chief federal prosecutor , frederic leeuw , accused comit\u00e9 p of `` tunnel vision '' by using hindsight to focus on only a few suspects , saying police had dozens of cases open at the time . 
  in december testimony before parliament , he said officials lacked enough evidence before the attacks to arrest the abdeslams or even get legal permission for wiretaps . 
  `` today we all know what they 've done , but at the time there was a box with many missing puzzle pieces . ''  federal police dismissed the importance of brahim 's jihad booklet by explaining that the document `` urges the youngster to respect his parents when they oppose the jihad , '' according to the comit\u00e9 p report . 
   belgian officials said they have improved coordination and beefed up antiterror funding by $ 400 million , or about $ 418 million . 
  lt. gen. eddy testelmans , head of belgium 's foreign intelligence service , said the country is sharing information more efficiently and investing in communications and cybersecurity . 
   belgium 's state of alert remains at the second-highest level and soldiers continue to be deployed on the streets . 
  police have arrested dozens of suspects since march , some charged with plotting other attacks . 
   the comit\u00e9 p report and other documents expose the belgian security apparatus as underfunded and dysfunctional . 
  law-enforcement bodies , with no single chain of command , are divided into various fiefs split along linguistic lines -- dutch in the north and french in the south , with a bilingual brussels divided among overlapping zones . 
  the federal police , which have a counterterrorism unit , rely on obsolete , 1985-era vintage computer systems , federal police chief catherine de bolle testified in october . 
  what should be a simple check to see if a suspect has known terror links requires sifting through 20 different databases . 
  `` we need a hit/no-hit system at the national level , '' the comit\u00e9 p chief wrote to parliament in the letter accompanying the report . 
  such a system is being set up , belgian officials said , but wo n't be fully operational for two to three years . 
   unlike their counterparts in the u.s. , belgian officials have n't focused on financial intelligence to prevent terrorist plots . 
  full text ( 3 )  pilgrims on the mountain  of no field was this truer than political economy , where the `` austrian school '' of men like joseph schumpeter , ludwig von mises and friedrich hayek strongly influenced the revival of liberalism and conservatism in the west after the second world war . 
  these three were all quintessential products of late habsburg vienna . 
  they were born in very different parts of the empire : von mises of jewish parents in galicia ( now ukraine ) ; schumpeter of catholic german-speaking parents in moravia , now part of the czech republic ; and hayek in vienna itself . 
  yet they were all schooled in the same liberal intellectual discipline . 
   von mises and hayek , one of his students , saw earlier than most that by the interwar years the liberal era in europe was being overwhelmed by the collectivism and totalitarianism of the right and the left . 
  they subsequently devoted their lives to reversing the tide . 
  hayek , like the best of vienna 's intellectuals , combined technical expertise in economics with a wide breadth of inquiry ; as well as economics , he published on law , sociology and more . 
  his greatest contribution was to restore intellectual rigour to the free-market school , expositing in detail the `` price mechanism '' to show that socialist economics could not possibly work in theory , let alone practice . 
   but hayek was not just a dry theorist . 
  he was also a relentless circus-master for the liberal cause . 
  emigrating to britain in 1931 , he was the author of the first call to arms for the liberal fightback , `` the road to serfdom , '' published in 1944 . 
  this was provocatively dedicated to the `` socialists of all parties '' , implying that at the end of the second world war all britain 's political parties , including winston churchill 's conservatives , had drifted into collectivism by advocating the welfare state . 
   to organise the fightback he founded the mont pelerin society ( mps ) in 1947 . 
  named after the swiss mountain where the first meeting was held ( simply because the founding members could n't agree on a more appropriate alternative ) , the mps was hayek 's own circle for liberalism . 
  it fused the viennese liberals in exile , including karl popper , who had just published the open society and its enemies , with their embattled fellow-travellers from germany , france , britain and america , most notably milton friedman . 
  over the next decades the mps spawned scores of think-tanks around the world dedicated to spreading the word of the austrian school . 
  politicians often attended their meetings . 
  the `` chicago school '' of economists was made up largely of mps members . 
  after decades of quiet campaigning , hayek 's ideas were taken up again by a subsequent generation of politicians in the mid-1970s , including margaret thatcher and ronald reagan . 
   the consensus on free markets and democracy won in the 1980s remained intact for decades -- a tribute , in part , to the intellectual efforts of franz joseph 's viennese . 
  it also provides a clue as to why they have been so influential in the west . 
  the viennese school placed the lived experience of individuals -- rather than the abstractions of class , race and nationalism favoured by their opponents -- at the heart of their intellectual enterprises . 
  thus the empirical research of a buehler or a lazarsfeld tended to work with `` the crooked timber of humanity '' , as immanuel kant put it , rather than trying to straighten it out , as marxists , fascists and all systematisers try to do . 
  after a lecture by john maynard keynes , always the systematiser , vienna-born peter drucker , the founder of modern management theory , saw the distinction in clear relief : `` i suddenly realised that keynes and all the brilliant economic students in the room were interested in the behaviour of commodities , while i was interested in the behaviour of people . ''  for this reason alone , the viennese tended to be more persuasive than their competitors . 
  furthermore , the stress on the individual also chimed with the exigencies of an exhausted west taking on the soviet union in the cold war after 1947 . 
  the viennese \u00e9migr\u00e9s were vital in sharpening the intellectual and cultural claims of liberal democracy at a time when many young people in the west had deserted to more fashionable leftist causes . 
  they were swiftly promoted to university posts and other influential positions by their anglo-saxon admirers . 
  the viennese could articulate a more convincing defence of freedom because they had direct personal experience of the totalitarian enemy . 
   however , the freedom that the viennese espoused came at a price ; self-expression could be accomplished only by intellectual rigour and self-discipline . 
  even at the time this was too much to bear for many of vienna 's young , several of whom committed suicide as they fell short of their own high standards -- three of ludwig wittgenstein 's brothers took their own lives . 
  today , if this year 's elections are any guide , politicians and demagogues seem content to wrap themselves in the language of freedom while abandoning any obligations to intellectual rigour or self-discipline . 
  the viennese century has ended . 
  its legacy is fraying . 
  full text ( 2 )  anschluss and after  the tensions and collisions so fruitful to the cultural life of its capital were less salutary for the empire as a whole . 
  assailed by the rising forces of nationalism , particularly pan-germanism , the cosmopolitan state began to crumble . 
  the influx of peoples to vienna provoked increasing resentment among the german working class ; immigrant czechs in particular proved willing to work for less money in worse conditions . 
  at the same time czech , serbian and other nationalists increasingly agitated for independence .
