  it will probably appeal against a negative decision in the european courts , delaying a final resolution for years . 
   the regulator 's decision that an abuse of monopoly power took place would open the way for shopping comparison competitors or customers to file damages claims against google . 
   the commission case focused only on its shopping service , but a decision telling the search company not to favour its own products could have wider implications . 
  companies offering travel or local search would probably need to bring cases for their specific areas . 
   google has said it is confident it can win an appeal in the european courts and has taken comfort in the commission 's decision in 2014 to focus its case on shopping , and not include other search services , such as travel or maps . 
   complainants in the shopping case fear the decision could be delayed until the autumn and scupper hopes that mrs vestager could conclude her other two google cases this year . 
  the second investigation considers if google unfairly banned competitors from websites that used its search bar and ads . 
  the third case examines how google pays and limits mobile phone providers who use its android software and play app store . 
  this case is important to google 's future business model as 79 per cent of europeans access the net on their smartphones , which primarily run on android . 
   peter thiel , co-founder of paypal and a prominent silicon valley investor , once complained that `` we wanted flying cars , instead we got 140 characters '' . 
   but those who , like mr thiel , feel the tech industry lacks the ambition to tackle real problems in the world , should visit bratislava . 
   the slovak capital , whose medieval churches and cobbled streets bear scarce resemblance to the sprawl of san francisco , is part of a network of cities in this region that hope to become central europe 's answer to silicon valley . 
  they even have a name to fit the vaulting technological ambitions -- the danube valley . 
   slovakia 's economy is still heavily reliant on the car industry , which accounts for almost half its entire industrial output . 
  volkswagen , kia , peugeot and now jaguar land rover all have manufacturing plants in the country . 
   in the past few years , however , new technology start-ups have emerged that are shifting the economy away from a dependence on heavy manufacturing . 
  juraj vaculik , chief executive of aeromobil , the flying carmaker , is an archetype of this transformation . 
  he was a student leader in the early days of the velvet revolution in 1989 , which freed the former czechoslovakia from communist rule , and then made his fortune from running a successful marketing business . 
   `` in 2010 , an old school friend stefan klein called me with an idea of making a flying car , '' he says . 
  the duo then embarked on their attempt to revolutionise personal transportation , competing with silicon valley companies such as kitty hawk , a start-up backed by google co-founder larry page . 
   there have been other successes . 
  eset , a cyber security software developer established in bratislava in the early 1990s , is today supplier of one of the world 's most widely used antivirus systems . 
  similarly , sygic has developed a popular mobile navigation apps used by 200m people worldwide . 
  a slovak games development studio , pixel federation , develops many of the games on the social network facebook , such as train station and diggy 's adventure . 
   slovak start-ups have benefited from the fact that costs are far lower in the country than for rivals in richer economies . 
  technically minded graduates are easy to find and the limited size of the local market nudges ambitious entrepreneurs towards seeking out international sales faster . 
   `` the slovak market is very small , so we had little choice but to look beyond to global markets to scale up , '' says michal stencl , founder of sygic . 
  `` we were building a global business from the start . ''  a younger generation of founders are now following their lead . 
  photoneo , for example , has built a 3d camera that can recognise objects at high speed allowing a robot to , for example , pick out particular tools or components in a factory . 
  another start-up , ga drilling , is rolling out technology that uses electric plasma to help drill more efficiently for oil and gas underground . 
  a string of internet companies , such as slido , an audience interaction app , have established themselves in internet markets in the uk and us . 
   `` the [ innovation ] ecosystem has in recent years moved forward and matured , '' says peter kolesar , chief executive of neulogy , an innovation consultancy based in bratislava . 
  `` today there are inspiring stories of successful firms , but also experience from entrepreneurs , investors and mentors to help get new projects off the ground . ''  entrepreneurs still face funding challenges . 
  slovakia has seen a stream of eu research and innovation funding worth nearly $ 4bn since it joined the bloc 13 years ago . 
  however , private capital can be tough to find , which can stifle late-stage projects at a crucial stage of growth . 
   `` for the country 's ecosystem to grow , it requires more than start-up funds , '' says simon sicko , founder of pixel federation . 
  `` the big challenge is to build institutions that will provide growth capital for scale-ups . ''  though start-ups can benefit from government cash handouts , industrial policy and regulatory burden can also stifle entrepreneurs . 
  legislation is viewed as favouring larger companies over smaller enterprises , and tax breaks appear to benefit foreign investors promising to bring manufacturing jobs to the country more than smaller innovative ventures . 
   another problem is a scarcity of workers with skills and business experience . 
  while many slovak expats could bring valuable business experience from abroad , the country 's political climate , marked by endless corruption scandals , does little to encourage them to return home . 
   some entrepreneurs are turning these very limitations into an opportunity . 
   initiatives to fight corruption , digitise public services , set up better schools , and encourage slovaks abroad to return home have popped up around the country , founded or backed by successful entrepreneurs . 
  others have joined advisory boards of younger start-ups or become angel investors themselves . 
   `` there is a lot of talent and hunger there , '' says one investor from london involved in the local market . 
  for slovak entrepreneurs , that applies not just to building businesses but also to improving the country . 
   macedonia will consider changing its name in an effort to unlock greek opposition to its nato membership , the country 's foreign minister has said . 
   membership of the alliance would help calm the wider balkan region after months of political tension that occasionally spilled into bloodshed , nikola dimitrov will tell senior nato officials in brussels on monday . 
   mr dimitrov said he would meet greek ministers on wednesday to restore trust between the two neighbours after athens vetoed the balkan republic 's nato application in 2008 . 
   `` i will ask greece to reconsider what kind of neighbour they want -- do they want a stable , friendly country that offers hope for democracy and justice ? '' he said in an interview . 
  `` if we are a good neighbour , then hopefully political forces in greece will realise this is a historic opportunity . ''  macedonia , which calls itself the republic of macedonia , infuriates greeks who believe the name implies a territorial claim to the northern greek province with the same name . 
  nikola gruevski , former prime minister , further antagonised athens by renaming airports and motorways after alexander the great , the ancient greek warrior reimagined by his party as its own national hero . 
   a name change has been floated in the past and previous suggestions include upper republic of macedonia . 
  the country gained admission to the un as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia but evidence of russian meddling in the balkans has bolstered western determination to settle the dispute and extend nato membership . 
  montenegro joined the alliance on june 5 , months after an alleged coup attempt reportedly backed by moscow , which has denied the claims . 
   western analysts said progress on nato membership would also help macedonia 's new government bridge a political divide that eu officials have sought to mediate for nearly two years . 
  `` the new government needs shoring up and nothing would be a better sign of success than a breakthrough in the name dispute , '' said florian bieber , political scientist at the university of graz . 
   greece 's syriza government has greeted the government in skopje as a more co-operative partner than its strongly nationalist predecessor and officials gave mr dimitrov 's remarks a cautious welcome . 
  `` there are grounds now for more optimism [ on the name issue ] and we 're hoping for progress when our foreign ministers meet in athens next week , '' said one greek official . 
   but he ruled out setting a timetable for reaching a compromise : `` this is an issue that has been on the table for more than two decades and it would be rash to make any prediction . ''  mr dimitrov said any new name would be subject to approval in a referendum and the government would seek cross-party consensus before putting the issue to a vote . 
  he added an agreement , which some analysts believe could be achieved within a year , would help sideline calls to redraw the region 's political map and risk reopening explosive political and ethnic disputes . 
   `` the balkans is not a very happy place ; in many places , people feel there is a chance to change the status of the post-yugoslav war settlements , '' he said . 
  `` by welcoming macedonia , nato could have a calming effect on the region . ''  in opposition , officials from syriza , greece 's leftwing internationalist governing party , spoke openly of agreeing on a composite name chosen by macedonia . 
  but in government , alexis tsipras , prime minister , must tread carefully . 
  his coalition partner , the small rightwing independent greeks , or anel , is fiercely nationalist . 
   `` it 's hard to be optimistic [ about a solution ] when you consider that nationalist rhetoric is what defines anel for its voters , '' says thanos veremis , emeritus professor of history at athens university . 
  `` there is also a quietly nationalist faction within syriza to be taken into account . '', 
   the direct impact of a hung parliament on the two-year article 50 period can be easily stated : there is no direct impact . 
   the article 50 procedure , which formally began on 29 march , provides for a legal process rather than a political one . 
  unless there is formal agreement otherwise , the uk will leave the eu on 29 march 2019 by operation of law . 
  there is no scope for a quick and convenient fudge . 
  a procedure that commenced with great ceremony can only be paused or extended with equal ceremony . 
   we are already almost three months into this strict two-year period , and theresa may 's folly in calling a general election and then losing her overall majority means that the uk is now in an even weaker negotiating position than when it started . 
  a pause or extension can be agreed by the other 27 member states ( and it would have to unanimous ) but it would come at political cost to britain . 
  but there is a serious risk that such a request can be denied and the clock keeps ticking . 
   there are few words to describe the sheer irresponsibility of the prime minister in triggering article 50 only to follow it by calling a needless general election . 
  a hung parliament , or even an overall defeat , was always a foreseeable ( as opposed to predicted ) potential outcome . 
  it was the last thing a prudent politician should have done : there is now considerable uncertainty at the very point the uk needed certainty , as the brexit talks are about to commence . 
   when the former prime minister david cameron called a referendum where a leave vote was similarly a foreseeable ( if again not predicted ) outcome , at least the referendum was ( at law ) non-binding . 
  mrs may 's decision to lock the uk into the article 50 process before injecting the instability of a general election is a more serious error . 
  if there had to be a general election before the brexit talks started then the wise sequencing would have been to have had the notification afterwards . 
   on the eu side of the brexit negotiations , there is no reason for there to be easy or sentimental concessions because of this self-inflicted political problem . 
  any pause or extension , just like any divorce or trade agreement , will only happen if it suits the other 27 member states . 
  as it stands , the eu 's brisk `` brexit by timetable '' is in place . 
   law will invariably yield to politics : if there is desire for pausing or extending ( or even revoking ) the article 50 procedure , then such politics will find a formal and legal work-around . 
  but until and unless there is such a formal and legal solution , the due process of law will grind on . 
  unfortunately for mrs may , brexit means brexit . 
   donald trump 's first visit to europe was awkward . 
  its aftermath has been explosive . 
  speaking at an election rally in munich , shortly after the us president had returned to washington , angela merkel came close to announcing the death of the western alliance . 
   the german chancellor warned that : `` the times in which we can fully count on others are somewhat over , as i have experienced in the past few days . 
  we europeans must really take our destiny in our own hands . 
  of course we need to have friendly relations with the us and with the uk and with other neighbours , including russia . 
  but we have to fight for our own future ourselves . ''  ms merkel 's remarks swiftly made headlines . 
  richard haass , who as president of the council on foreign relations is the doyen of the us foreign-policy establishment , tweeted : `` merkel saying europe can not rely on others & needs to take matters into its own hands is a watershed -- & what us has sought to avoid since ww2 . ''  it is easy and appropriate to blame president trump for this state of affairs . 
  but despite her cautious phrasing , ms merkel has also behaved irresponsibly -- making a statement that threatens to widen a dangerous rift in the atlantic alliance into a permanent breach . 
   the case against mr trump is easiest to make . 
  his performance in europe was disastrous . 
  in a speech to nato , the us president failed to reaffirm article 5 , the alliance 's mutual defence clause . 
   this was not an accidental oversight and sent a clear message that america 's commitment to the defence of europe can no longer be taken for granted . 
  that , in turn , risks encouraging russia to test nato 's defences .
