you 're welcome, 
  good advice , i 'll keep that in mind , 
  do n't worry , many europeans mix up the baltic countries or slovenia with slovakia ( at least here in romania ), 
  well , good luck getting a non-burger-flipping job when you do n't speak properly the local language . 
  for your info , the vast majority of hungarian minority living in romania speaks excellent romanian . 
  seems fair to me ; if you 're not willing to learn the language of your country of adoption , why bother getting there in the first place ? 
  i know , the question was about daily use . 
  no ( bucharest here ) . 
  not anymore . 
  yea , like the old saying `` there are no ugly people - or realities , for a change - just people who have n't drunk enough '', 
  the romanian countryside . 
  well , the subreddit is called / r/europe , so i guess by `` international '' you mean something outside europe , otherwise correspondence and cooperation between european thinkers ( latin being lingua franca helped a lot ) are nothing new . 
  and , anyway , the submitted article is about the british scientists , not a pissing contest between various european countries . 
  yea , everybody knows that all the `` nations/countries '' ( or , more accurate , ethnic groups ) contributed equally to all the scientific discoveries throughout history ; the native americans invented the typing press , the aboriginal australians established the heliocentric system and the bantu people had steam engines long before the europeans [ end of sarcasm ], 
  i know ... 
  corrupt politicians, 
  and some politicians , too . 
  better yet , take them all , for free . 
  honesty . 
  yes , it does , and thus it attracts many hunters http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hunting_in_romania  the concentration of brown bears ( ursus arctos ) in the carpathian mountains of central romania is largest in the world and contains half of all europe 's population , except russia, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_bison it was a famous species here in europe during the middle ages, 
  i do n't know , i 've never been to italy , but at least in bucharest you can manage without a car , afaic . 
  the same goes for every major european city . 
  bikes and public transport are , mostly , enough . 
  perceptions , perceptions ... , 
  north korea . 
  well , i agree , but in romania , where the majority of roma live , the situations is more complicated, 
  not from what i 've seen , but if you have some reliable statistics , i 'd be glad to change my mind, 
  integration works only if that minority in question , as a whole , wants to be integrated . 
  here in romania , gypsies have their own reserved places in schools and universities , places which often remain partially vacant . 
  they 'd rather beg or live on state aid ( mostly from the money the government provides for each child - and they have many ) instead of doing manual/low skilled labor . 
  sadly , i 'm not talking from books or nicely colored statistics , but from my personal experience . 
  that 's why i suspect it 's probably a regional thing, 
  supply and demand , 
  maybe it 's just in the uk ... 
  source with more data : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-143_en.htm, 
  full text :  in the 18th and 19th centuries , europeans populated the world . 
  now the world is populating europe . 
  beyond the furore about the impact of the 1m-plus refugees who arrived in germany in 2015 lie big demographic trends . 
  the current migration crisis is driven by wars in the middle east . 
  but there are also larger forces at play that will ensure immigration into europe remains a vexed issue long after the war in syria is over . 
   europe is a wealthy , ageing continent whose population is stagnant . 
  by contrast the populations of africa , the middle east and south asia are younger , poorer and rising fast . 
  at the height of the imperial age , in 1900 , european countries represented about 25 per cent of the world 's population . 
   today , the eu 's roughly 500m people account for about 7 per cent of the world 's population . 
  by contrast , there are now more than 1bn people in africa and , according to the un , there will be almost 2.5 bn by 2050 . 
   the population of egypt has doubled since 1975 to more than 80m today . 
  nigeria 's population in 1960 was 50m . 
  it is now more than 180m and likely to be more than 400m by 2050 . 
  the migration of africans , arabs and asians to europe represents the reversal of a historic trend . 
  in the colonial era europe practised a sort of demographic imperialism , with white europeans emigrating to the four corners of the world . 
  in north america and australasia , indigenous populations were subdued and often killed -- and whole continents were turned into offshoots of europe . 
  european countries also established colonies all over the world and settled them with immigrants , while at the same time several millions were forcibly migrated from africa to the new world as slaves . 
   when europeans were populating the world , they often did so through `` chain migration '' . 
  a family member would settle in a new country like argentina or the us ; news and money would be sent home and , before long , others would follow . 
   now the chains go in the other direction : from syria to germany , from morocco to the netherlands , from pakistan to britain . 
  but these days it is not a question of a letter home followed by a long sea voyage . 
  in the era of facebook and the smartphone , europe feels close even if you are in karachi or lagos . 
   countries such as britain , france and the netherlands have become much more multiracial in the past 40 years . 
  governments that promise to restrict immigration , such as the current british administration , have found it very hard to deliver on their promises . 
   the eu position is that , while refugees can apply for asylum in europe , illegal `` economic migrants '' must return home . 
  but this policy is unlikely to stem the population flows for several reasons . 
   first , the number of countries that are afflicted by war or state failure may actually increase ; worries about the stability of algeria are rising , for example . 
   second , most of those who are deemed `` economic migrants '' never actually leave europe . 
  in germany only about 30 per cent of rejected asylum seekers leave the country voluntarily or are deported . 
   third , once large immigrant populations are established , the right of `` family reunion '' will ensure a continued flow . 
  so europe is likely to remain an attractive and attainable destination for poor and ambitious people all over the world . 
   one possible reaction for europe is to accept that migration from the rest of the world is inevitable -- and embrace it wholeheartedly . 
  europe 's debt-ridden economies need an injection of youth and dynamism . 
  who will staff their old-age homes and building sites if not immigrants from the rest of the world ? 
   but even those europeans who make the case for immigration tend to argue that , of course , newcomers to the continent must all accept `` european values '' . 
  that may be unrealistic , partly because many of these values are of relatively recent vintage . 
   in recent decades , feminism has made great strides in europe and attitudes to gay rights have been transformed . 
  many immigrants from the middle east and africa bring much more conservative and sexist attitudes with them . 
  it will take more than a few civics classes to change that . 
   europeans are profoundly confused about how to respond to these new challenges . 
  in the age of imperialism , they justified settling foreign lands with the confident belief that they were bringing the benefits of civilisation to more backward parts of the world . 
   but post-imperial , post-holocaust europe is much more wary of asserting the superiority of its culture . 
  it has replaced a belief in its civilising mission and the bible with an emphasis on universal values , individual rights and international treaties . 
   the big question in the coming decades is how europe 's faith in universal liberal values will withstand the impact of mass immigration . 
  a battle between nativists and liberals is beginning to shape politics . 
   in the long run i expect the nativists to lose , not because their demands are unpopular but because they are unenforceable . 
  it may be possible for island nations surrounded by the pacific ocean , such as japan or australia , to maintain strict controls on immigration . 
  it will be all but impossible for an eu that is part of a eurasian landmass and is separated from africa only by narrow stretches of the mediterranean . 
  i 'd say i 've been to eastern europe , given the fact that i 'm romanian , 
  here 's the full . pdf link : http://www.ecfr.eu/page/-/russias_quiet_military_revolution.pdf, 
  even though i understand and agree to a point to the reasons for this law , this is not necessarily true . 
  the play store is an integral part of android os , it 's not like tires or windows for a car ( do n't want michelin ? 
  use bridgestone ) more akin to the engine itself . 
  there is no android without the play store , just a crippled , featureless mobile os . 
  still , in the end the consumer still has plenty of choice : ios and the iphone , windows phone , ubuntu phones or even a feature phone . 
  android powered by google became a cvasi-monopoly precisely because of its app store and the other well and deep integrated google services . 
  is there other viable alternative to google 's play store for android os ? 
  the way i see it , if i 'm bmw and i make a car out of steel , plastic and so on , with an engine researched in-house , i bloody hell do n't want another car manufacturer to use my engine in their cars , just branded differently . 
  if you want my ip engine you have to buy the whole package ( car ) . 
   sure you can . 
  the eu did it before . 
  did what , besides crippling windows by not including media player and internet explorer or whatever ? 
  the consumers had to go through an extra hop to install the software they knew best ( especially internet explorer ) . 
  the ones tech savvy did n't use the preinstalled default apps on windows anyway , and the others do n't care , so what 's the point ?
