  either way , high margins can not be maintained . 
   all three factors are colluding against the german car industry at a time when it should be in the advanced stages of developing new technologies , like the next generation of electrical engines or driverless cars . 
  but the car industry itself and german car experts tend to be complacent . 
  a study by germany 's ifo institute for economic research makes the comforting point that the german car industry holds one-third of the patents for electric engines and for hybrids . 
  but the number of patents is a poor indicator of real innovation . 
  it misjudges the dynamics of a fast-changing market . 
  companies need different kinds of engineers and scientists to produce an electric , self-driven car than for an emissions-cheating diesel vehicle . 
   the german government still vigorously defends the interests of the car industry in brussels , but the politics of the car has changed over the past 15 years . 
  the number of cheated car buyers in germany now vastly outnumbers the number of auto workers . 
   the german car companies will still build cars in 20 years , just as ford , general motors and chrysler are still building cars today . 
  but the margins will come down , and their image and influence will fade . 
  one day they will become what they always hated : very normal companies like those that build refrigerators and washing machines . 
  i would n't be surprised if that sort of tax is set up in the near future, 
  that 's understandable , even though the historical center with all the canals it 's a beautiful area, 
  i know , i 've been there for a couple of days . 
  charming city , but sometimes it seemed there were more tourists in the streets in downtown area than locals . 
  and not just venice . 
  from what i 've read , slowly there 's a backlash building against large numbers of tourists in other tourist magnet places , like barcelona , santorini or the amalfi coast . 
  no it 's not , the understatement of the year :(, 
  the same goes for bucharest , situated very close to vrancea seismic region, 
  athens -- when katerina dervenioti decided in 2013 to open a bar in central athens , she was sure of one thing : there would be no smoking . 
  she had always disliked it , and after all the government had passed a law banning smoking in interiors back in 2009 . 
  it took only a few hours after opening her cafe in a trendy athens neighborhood to be sure of a second thing : greeks believe rules are meant to be broken . 
  despite the law , patrons at her vintage-inspired spot lighted up without a thought . 
  she removed ashtrays , added signs and spoke to customers directly , but it was futile . 
  customers now smoke all they want , she said , starting early in the morning with coffee and ending late at night with a cocktail . 
  in greece , star athletes celebrate championships with cigarettes dangling from their lips -- star center ioannis bourousis of the panathinaikos basketball team was seen toking on a cigar at a bouzouki bar after a big win in june . 
  taxi drivers smoke while driving , holding their cigarettes out an open window only when they have passengers . 
  on a recent visit by amin mohamed to the local municipality office to take care of paperwork for his dry-cleaning business , the smoke was so thick that he finally asked the employee there to put out his cigarette . 
  the employee simply opened a window and kept on smoking , he said . 
  `` nothing will ever change , '' mr. mohamed said . 
  the government has n't exactly made the reduction of smoking a priority . 
  deputy health minister pavlos polakis blithely flouted the ban , lighting up while giving a press conference last year . 
  at the finance ministry , smokers recently puffed away in a hallway under a large banner reading `` greece stubs out cigarettes . '' and in october , at a lunch at the army officers club in thessaloniki celebrating greece 's national holiday , president prokopis pavlopoulos lighted up a small cigar . 
  the city 's mayor , and much of the room , joined him . 
  about 37 % of greeks smoke , the highest percentage in europe , compared with an eu average of 26 % , according to a 2016 eu survey . 
  in the poll , seven years after the ban , 87 % of greeks said they had been exposed to indoor smoking in bars . 
  last year , greece 's parliament added to the smoking regulations by passing a ban on electronic-cigarette smoking in public places . 
  during the debate , some lawmakers noted the irony of passing a new law in a chamber that ignores the original one . 
  `` meeting room , parties ' offices , secretariats , walkways , toilets -- the cigarettes are everywhere , '' said center-right parliamentarian niki kerameos . 
  `` if we do n't set an example of following the laws , how do we expect citizens to do so ? '' many greeks wonder , why bother ? 
  they see the state as corrupt and unreliable -- mainly shown by a widespread refusal to pay taxes . 
  they also do n't like controls on day-to-day behavior : cars do n't stop at pedestrian crossings , motorcycles do n't bother with lanes , trash is tossed out of moving vehicles . 
  double parking is notorious -- oddly , one of the rules greeks do obey is the `` basket in the street '' signal that a neighbor is saving a parking space , and the basket goes untouched . 
  as the country grapples with a seven-year economic downturn , enforcement of all types of infractions is haphazard . 
  budget cuts have reduced by two-thirds the number of wardens who hand out traffic tickets and other fines , including for smoking , in the attica region , which includes athens . 
  municipal police , who can also issue fines , have been downsized . 
  a telephone hotline that people can use to call the health ministry to complain about smoking violations is rarely answered . 
  it all may be moot : officers have been waiting for months for the blocks of tickets used to issue smoking fines to be delivered from the printers . 
  `` this can not be enforced -- no laws are enforced in greece , '' said menios stergiou , owner of an all-day cafe-bar near downtown athens . 
  `` one has to have respect for the state , but this is the worst possible period for greeks to do so . '' health minister andreas xanthos conceded that the smoking regulations had n't been implemented . 
  `` what we need is to give the feeling that we are restarting , '' he said to parliament on may 31 , international no tobacco day . 
  the threat of fines on businesses of as much as $ 10,000 , or about $ 11,300 , have n't been a deterrent . 
  ( individuals also face fines from $ 50 to $ 3,000 , depending on the circumstances . ), 
  actually collecting the payments is difficult . 
  at the beginning of the economic downturn , when the ban was first passed and inspections were more common , business owners got creative . 
  ashtrays disappeared from tables ; instead , small cups or vases were placed next to no-smoking signs . 
  if inspectors noticed customers crushing out cigarettes in them , well , the individuals were just disobeying the rules . 
  `` the businessmen 's imagination is never so vivid as when it comes to finding ways to break the law , '' said andreas varelas , athens 's vice mayor . 
  `` rule-breaking is in greeks ' nature . '' a new incentive to reduce smoking could be fresh taxes on cigarettes that started in january , making the habit even more costly . 
  `` sin '' taxes slapped on cigarettes as part of the conditions for greece to receive bailout funds from its eu creditors have driven the cost of a pack of 20 cigarettes to about $ 4.50 , a euro more than before the crisis . 
  this means that a regular smoker can spend more than $ 100 a month on the habit , a hefty cost given that greek monthly salaries average about $ 700 . 
  in may , the new ticket books were delivered to inspectors , and police said they plan a new enforcement push after the summer , when revelers move back indoors . 
  mr. varelas , the vice mayor of athens , said that if businesses receive enough fines , they will fall in line . 
  according to the legislation , a bar or restaurant can lose its license the third time it receives a smoking fine . 
  `` i 'm afraid we will see many companies changing names after the second fine in order to avoid '' being shut down , he said . 
  mairi margioli , a 50-year-old saleswoman at a clothing store , smokes nearly three packs a day and had a cigarette planted firmly between her fingers as she helped customers with dresses and accessories . 
  she said she especially insists on being able to light up at a restaurant . 
  `` if i could n't smoke with my drink , i would rather stay home , '' she said . 
  if anyone complains , she said she simply goes to a different venue . 
  that 's a cause for alarm for ms. dervenioti , the cafe owner , who said she works the morning shift to avoid the thick smoke in the evening , when the bar is more crowded . 
  now , she worries the bar would suffer if the government starts cracking down . 
  for certain smokers , `` the habit is part of their dna , '' she said . 
  `` if they are not allowed to light up while having a drink , they 'll stay at home . '', 
  the corruption . 
  the overall disregard for rules and regulations . 
  people throwing garbage everywhere or spiting on the ground . 
  i grew up with k. may 's books ( winnetou , old shatterhand , old surehand , old wabble & co. ) in eastern europe they were a phenomenon . 
  he means no ( or as little as possible ) lgbt rights , probably, 
  source http://ec.europa.eu/growth/industry/innovation/facts-figures/scoreboards_en, 
  china and india would like a word with you , 
   google is braced for a fine of potentially more than $ 1bn as brussels prepares to announce the first of its trio of antitrust decisions on the search group 's practices , in what would represent the first sanction by a leading competition regulator on the way it operates . 
   eu officials are expected to announce in the coming weeks that the company abused its search market dominance to build its google shopping service , and the bill could top the record abuse penalty of $ 1bn ( $ 1.45 bn ) handed out to chipmaker intel in 2009 , according to two people familiar with the case . 
  the european commission and google declined to comment . 
   big european technology rivals and senior politicians in paris and berlin have long encouraged margrethe vestager , europe 's competition commissioner , to take a hard line in the case . 
  but a decision against the silicon valley company threatens to reignite transatlantic tensions that erupted last summer , with her record $ 13bn tax bill for apple . 
  they have been strained most recently by president donald trump 's withdrawal from the paris climate accord . 
   mrs vestager is unlikely to be deterred by potential furore . 
  she broke the records for fines last summer in two types of antitrust cases -- with a $ 3bn cartel fine against five european truckmakers and the largest state-aid decision , on the apple tax bill . 
  google 's fine is expected to break the record for a monopoly abuse case -- it is capped at a maximum of 10 per cent of alphabet 's total revenues of $ 90bn last year , and calculated as up to 30 per cent of google 's shopping revenues times the number of years of the abuse . 
   alphabet has the cash to pay the fine -- it held more than $ 90bn at the end of march -- but more important are the potential implications for how google can operate online and build its services beyond general search . 
  the company will have a set time to propose a solution ( microsoft was given 90 days in a similar case ) and , if it fails to agree a fix with the commission in that period , it could be fined up to 5 per cent of average daily turnover for each day of delay . 
  in 2006 , microsoft was fined $ 280m for delays in finding an appropriate solution to european concerns with its servers and media player . 
   brussels has rejected suggestions is it mounting a campaign against us tech companies . 
  however , since 2000 , european regulators have investigated microsoft , intel , apple , google , facebook and amazon over a range of antitrust issues . 
   europe 's seven-year google investigation is a landmark case -- focusing on whether the technology group has exploited its dominance in general search to give preference to its other services -- such as shopping , travel and local search -- to the detriment of its competitors . 
  the case has been drawn out , highly political and sent the commission in different directions . 
   mrs vestager inherited the case from her predecessor , joaqu\u00edn almunia , who considered three settlement offers between 2013 and 2014 -- each was rejected . 
  soon after taking office , mrs vestager issued a list of charges -- known as a statement of objections -- that alleged google `` systematically favoured '' its own comparison shopping product in its search results and , after hearing the company 's response , narrowed the charge list a little over a year later . 
   kent walker , google general counsel , wrote in a blog post in november that the commission 's case `` lacks evidence '' and made claims that `` are wrong as a matter of fact , law , and economics '' .
