  haha . 
  we do n't really have that relationship with our brother country canada since it is so irrelevant and no one cares about it enough to shit talk about canada . 
  plus there are n't many bad things about canada to bag on either . 
  that 's understandable since you 're so far away from the uk . 
  looks like some of the trash you can find in los angeles or miami, 
  when i went to europe i noticed how every shower i 've been in had a chrome bar on the wall and the shower head is attached to the bar instead of the wall or ceiling like we have here in the us . 
  weird . 
  i love french fries with mayonnaise , which is a national food to be jealous of imo . 
  in the us i get chastised for eating fries with mayo . 
  i laughed at the somalian joke . 
  i feel like an ass now haha . 
  so , brexit . 
  these are pretty funny . 
  also , did you mean bosnia is the most populous country in the balkans ? 
  they do n't pronounce letters in seemingly unlikely places . 
  i 'm used to french where you usually do n't pronounce the final consonant . 
  haha . 
  nothin wrong with cold and potatoes . 
  it sucks how passionate we are about our football because i hate football . 
  i agree . 
  i personally do n't think islam is compatible with general western/eu values , which is why there 's so much conflict regarding refugees and what not . 
  how about for americans or other non-european countries ? 
  i wonder how turkey 's government thought it had any chance of joining the eu considering its serious lack of freedom of the press and human rights violations . 
  norwegian and swedish sound comprehensible and clear to me while danish does sound crazy af, 
  the last sentence applies to much of the world , sadly enough . 
  i imagine all the wars that were fought purely in the interests of the elite and not civilians . 
  true . 
  besides , turkey 's a mess that russia ca n't afford to get involved in , with ukraine already a big row for russia to handle, 
  why so ? 
  either way , do you share the stereotype with other countries that `` belgians are stupid '' ? 
  estonian is similar to finnish and the little finnish that i did hear somewhere online was spoken super fast . 
  i imagine estonian also being spoken the same but i guess not haha . 
  also , on the hdi index , estonia ranks the highest among the baltic nations . 
  why do you think you guys are better than them ? 
  i 've been to both countries and both countries superficially seemed about the same . 
  who do you consider to be the most disdained or hated ethnic groups within the former yugoslav countries ? 
  i know there 's a lot of ethnic tension there but i do n't know whom it 's between . 
  yeah . 
  i heard that the us augmented our military presence in the baltic states since russia would otherwise occupy the whole of latvia or estonia within a day, 
  yeah . 
  i could totally see them joining other the european micro-states like andorra or lichtenstein in being a tax haven, 
  we participated in ecosystem restoration projects in france , germany , and austria . 
  i know there 's a lot of bosnians in slovenia because in a chat room app i go on frequently , you can see users ' nationalities indicated by a flag icon below their profile pic and many people of slovenian nationality turn out to be bosnian . 
  these are funny haha . 
  i 've heard there 's been speculation over there regarding higher likelihood of gibraltar favoring joining spain because of them voting remain despite most english voting leave . 
  i laughed at the bulgarian one for some reason haha . 
  your views on the east slavs is about the same as ours, 
  haha . 
  our opinions on luxembourg is the same since most americans do n't know that it exists . 
  why do you think the dutch are arrogant ? 
  that 's what i did n't like about the trip . 
  we did stay with a family for two days in france , which was awesome and helped me improve on my high school level french , but it was mostly a sight-seeing and volunteer work kind of trip . 
  what i loved most about england in particular is the rich and complicated history that we simply do n't have . 
  i heard that british humour is also much better than ours . 
  my mother 's family is italian and i can vouch for your stereotype on italians haha, 
  welp , that 's our media for ya . 
  this speculation , however , is nowhere as unreasonable and stupid as some news network 's ( mainly fox ) rampant support for trump 's campaign and what not . 
  these are similar to american stereotypes of western european countries . 
  i 've been to most of these countries on a student trip but it sucked that we did n't get to interact much with the locals because of our rigid schedule . 
  what 's the reasoning behind the one about estonians , if there is any ? 
  the other ones are not surprising , especially the one about russia ... 
  i was curious to see how many russians live there and checked wikipedia . 
  it says that a quarter is russian . 
  that 's very high for such a small country . 
  there 's been speculation in american media that russia is on the verge of invading the baltic countries , which would immediately involve the us in russia 's mess because of the un agreements . 
  i agree . 
  that 's a rather high figure imo . . 
  i have a mormon friend who did a mission in estonia and what you said about russians is similar to what my friend said about tense relations between estonians and russians . 
  she said that russians are looked down upon in estonia . . 
  it 's easy to believe estonia is very safe , but what is the general cost of living and education like in estonia ? 
  seems legit actually . . 
  haha . 
  whats the reasoning behind these stereotypes ? 
  so jealous rn ... 
  interesting . 
  what you mentioned about tuition is definitely true . 
  tuition here can range from $ 5,000 to almost $ 20,000 depending on if the school is private or public , as well as prestige . 
  at my school , tuition is about $ 14,000 . 
  it is very debatable whether or not high taxes compensates for low tuition and general costs of education , in addition to low healthcare expenses . 
  what are major differences between finland and estonia ? 
  i think it helps greatly that i am favored by the z\u0142oty-dollar exchange rate , unlike the euro or pound . 
  in terms of studying abroad , how is the cost of living , safety , and general infrastructure in germany as well as anything else that could concern a foreign student ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  i 'll definitely consider studying here . 
  it 's difficult to make a decision since my university 's study abroad program covers 75 countries . 
  i 've always had a good impression on spain so i 'm not surprised . 
  an exchange student from pamplona went to my high school for her third year and lived up to the stereotype that all spaniards are friendly . 
  would you recommend i study abroad in the netherlands ? 
  i apologize for not being specific . 
  im concerned with education , quality of life , and cost of living , since i plan on studying abroad in europe . 
  [ removed ], 
  i love these languages and the music in them but i want more . 
  any genre is fine . 
  this is just speculation but i still find it quite interesting , especially given the turbulent path the west is on right now . 
  yeah , there 's [ historical personifications ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_personification ) , but it 's fun to see personal insights edit : if you watch hetalia , do you agree with the accuracy of the character 's personification ? 
  i personally get annoyed when i see an american flair on a shitpost or just a plain ignorant comment , since it makes us look bad and makes it easier for you guys to generalize all americans as being like said shitposter . 
  some of these ignorant questions are [ comedy ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5l3z3x/will_you_join_the_paneuropean_boycott_of_the_usa/ ) [ gold ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5ltwdh/why_are_europeans_always_telling_americans_that/ ) though, 
  if you have , describe your experience . 
  we have a ton , but a couple that pop into my mind are kanye and nickelback . 
  canada 's would probably be the biebs .
