at least we can roll backwards together . . 
  thanks, 
  is there a reason behind azerbaijan and turkey having higher fertility rates than armenia and georgia ? 
  the only connections i can make are religion ( christianity vs islam ), 
  although they almost sound identical , i can know see some differences . 
  estonian sounds a lot more `` breath-y '' than finnish . 
  norway should remain as a sperm , sweden should be redrawn as a penis , and finland should be balls . 
  what drunk bachelor concocted that ? 
  i always feel sorry for the sensible people there that oppose this . 
  that [ orange skyscraper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercury_city_tower ) is one of my favorite modern architecture buildings . 
  it looks straight out of the future . 
  although russia 's complicated history prevented it from becoming much more advanced and democratic than it is now , i really wish you guys the best . 
  except this time around , people of other religions are n't banned . 
  i should seriously visit this too-beautiful-to-miss country before it becomes overrun with tourists . 
  super mario sunshine vibes . 
  oh please . . 
  the polarization in my country makes the uk look unified . 
  i think switzerland 's switzerland is more fitting . 
  thanks !, 
  if people from other countries can do this , that would be so cool . 
  my life is n't much different from yours . 
  great post !, 
  i love estonia 's flag . 
  the black/blue combo is striking . 
  i like it, 
  do n't forget that there are millions of americans who share the same views as you guys and europe :( do n't ^ leave ^ us ^ canadia, 
  hmm . 
  i thought all icelandic surnames ended in ' - sson ' or ' - dottir ', 
  i am so livid right now . 
  the downvoted comments here are hilarious . 
  which one usually comes out on top ? 
  why is there a country rivalry between finland and the netherlands specifically ? 
  this photo album is like a wholesome family movie : inspirational with a side of humor . 
  i audibly laughed at this in a library . 
  it 's all in good fun and only supposed to parody reality , not reflect it . 
  i was just alluding to norway 's greater [ wealth per capita ] ( http://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/no/se ) . 
  lol, 
  i was just comparing the two ( jokingly ) . 
  of course they should be switched around irl . 
  e * stone * - ia, 
  it just looks like a grassy field to me . 
  according to the hdi list , russia is ranked as being very highly developed . 
  to me , russia is n't quite a `` developed '' country , but it is n't a `` developing '' country either . 
  it shocked me that it ranks higher than romania . 
  i suppose st. petersburg and moscow really help to boost russia 's standing on national rankings . 
  i think both the us and western europe think of eastern europe as outsiders of western civilization , economic progress , and culture , so exaggerated stereotypes and misconceptions formed . 
  we and western europe were part of the cold war , so we both have similar experiences with eastern europe and being more prosperous and capitalistic than them ( they are capitalistic now of course ) . 
  lol , most of these dumb questions are from people who think europe is still in the medieval period . 
  even so , those authorities seem very eager to place tolls on the stretches of roads that get built . 
  still , four toll booths on one small stretch of highway seems excessive . 
  yeah . 
  i could likewise almost immediately pinpoint european tourists when i see them . 
  the differences are subtle but very telling . 
  one example are capris and sandals . 
  europeans wear a lot of capris and sandals . 
  most american men , especially , would not be caught dead wearing capris . 
  i 'm curious myself . 
  i have not a clue about what 's going on here either . . 
  i do n't have all day , dracula . . 
  why does the grandfather have a bowl of phlegm on the table ? 
  same . 
  i initially thought it was just something with a funny name my family would make . 
  it 's cool to see it exists elsewhere . 
  what a tedious situation . 
  what keeps so many russians in estonia from moving back across the border to solve these issues ? 
  could it be having a higher quality of life in estonia or that it 's too difficult for them to emigrate in general , or something else ? 
  does russia hold any actual leverage on estonia so that it can protect the rights of the russian minority in estonia ? 
  likewise , what would happen if estonia eliminated or defunded these russian-language schools ? 
  i 'm not sure about whether or not there would be backlash if these russian parents know the benefits of fully integrating their children into estonian society . . 
  i should have added that i was only being half sarcastic . 
  suicide is serious ( especially where i live ) . 
  do n't ever think suicide is the best option / s, 
  how has the government dealt with this issue ? 
  on top of that , climate change will force millions of people out of southern regions that get plagued with drought and heatwaves ( southwest ) , as well as floods and hurricanes that surpass category 5 ( southeast ) . 
  this will worsen income-inequality , destroy billions of dollars of real estate , and make vast swathes of the country uninhabitable as more people migrate north . 
  northern states on the other hand will become richer and benefit overall due to climate change . 
  there 's much to worry about !, 
  in 20 years , our superpower status will have waned and all we will be is a drama queen country / s, 
  i wish we had that . . 
  geez, 
  ayy i 'm from washington . 
  thanks . 
  til, 
  miles ? 
  in sweden ? 
  all of these names sound so epic . 
  i recommend my state of [ washington ] ( https://imgur.com/a/n8zkw ) . 
  it is cold here though . 
  i 'm surprised . 
  i though it would be someplace like slough or somewhere up north . 
  what do you mean by `` perfect neutral accent '' for castilla y leon ? 
  they speak well ? 
  that looks good , actually . 
  never heard of that flavor in the us , which is ironic because we 're known for having outlandish flavors in processed foods , such as swedish fish flavored oreos , birthday cake flavored ice cream , and shit flavored chocolate , otherwise known as hershey 's . 
  * pickled onion * ? 
  that must make your breath smell lovely . . 
  i like twiglets , and marmite ( and vegemite ) in general though . 
  my last name is too horrendously ugly and also extremely rare . 
  i 'd be glad if it vanished from the face of the earth . 
  i want 0 kids so i 'm helping my cause hehe .
