  it has a european feel to it . 
  visit the east coast cities like boston , new york , or philidelphia if your a history buff . 
  like hamburgers , hotdogs , tacos , and sushi . 
  we do have hundreds ofregional dishes invented here though . 
  exactly . 
  wow . 
  housing there is cheap compared to the us where even a two bedroom apartment is over $ 1500 a month in most middle income areas . 
  i have , actually . 
  i 've been to the hague and amsterdam . 
  it was awesome . 
  it 's unfortunate that i was only in the netherlands for 3 days . 
  i want to go back . 
  neither , actually . 
  it 's that lower income areas in the netherlands are way nicer than ours . 
  you 'll get shot if you go to compton , east los angeles , or oakland in california or camden , detroit , or bronx in the east coast . 
  i 've had them and they 're heaven . 
  maybe now its different from when they were younger . 
  i 've been to the hague and amsterdam and some of your sketchy areas would pass as middle class in parts of the us so i agree . 
  i guess `` pigons '' is funny too , 
  haha, 
  the dutch ones so far are funny as hell, 
  my stereotype of them is that they all speak 4 or more languages . 
  chinese drivers are crazy, 
  cold blood, 
  they should be a standard feature of all toilets, 
  that 's hilarious, 
  that makes sense . 
  it 's weird how much of an outlier hungarian is from all the neighboring slavic languages, 
  i 'm sorry so many people hate bulgaria . 
  i knew greece had beef with macedonia but wow haha, 
  thanks ? 
  hahaha . 
  i meant to say k\u00f6ln . 
  not munich . 
  i think it could depend on where in the us you 're from . 
  like i 'm from washington state and we do n't really have a lot of hispanics , except in eastern washington , so our opinions of them are not as developed as a person 's from california or texas . 
  i thought swedes were peaceful haha . 
  all we have is delaware . 
  why would they envy us ? 
  and i 'm american haha . 
  i envy europeans for so many things , actually . . 
  we have a stereotype of spaniards being the friendliest people on the planet . 
  i actually befriended a girl from pamplona who was an exchange student to the us and she was one of the most genuine people i have ever met . 
  i doubt that scentrance would have any chance of happening . 
  the eu seemed to be caught up in the finality of england and wale 's decision , completely overlooking scotland . 
  wow ... 
  i love how most of europe is more united than states are in the us . 
  it 's nice to see . 
  as i said in another thread , russia is the world 's death star . 
  i do n't blame small post-soviet countries for being paranoid . 
  the post-soviet country that seem to love russia is armenia, 
  since our shower heads are fixed on the wall , we adjust the angle to make the water fall higher or lower depending on our height . 
  it makes sense with using the bar not to wet your hair . . 
  there 's no big difference . 
  kind of like our electrical outlets . 
  you guys have those two round prongs for plugs , while our plugs have two flat prongs . . 
  plus it 's extremely beautiful . 
  i 'd love to go there . . 
  your views on belgians reminds me of ours of mexico . 
  we like to say that mexicans are lazy when they are extremely hard-working , but it 's good fun to say otherwise . 
  venezuela is far more corrupt than spain imo . 
  if anything , you are more likely to end up in greece 's situation than venezuela 's . 
  yeah , i took french in high school and you do omit the final consonants in most words . 
  i dated a girl named ewa whose mother was polish and she had similar views on hungarians . . 
  i like how every nordic besides the danes agrees about the potato-in-mouth theory about danish haha . 
  i see russia as `` earth 's death star '' as john oliver put it . 
  also , this is off-topic , but i 've tried salmiakki and i tasted so bizarrely horribly to me . 
  they are indeed very sophisticated , although i 've only got this impression because i 've only been to zurich , the richest of the richest cities in the world . 
  everyone there looked like a millionaire haha, 
  does n't romania have some good black sea real estate ? 
  or are beaches just better in bulgaria ? 
  i had a great impression of france when i visited . 
  i stayed with a family near reims . 
  they were so hospitable and unlike what people portray the french . 
  maybe foreigners assume all french people are like parisians . . 
  i wish the best for spain haha , specially since i am partially spanish in origins  at least you are n't greece . 
  the one that i was looking into was the technical university of berlin . 
  haha . 
  forest pepicki, 
  you 're descriptions are hilarious . 
  i 've been to both germany ( throughout the western cities like m\u00fcnchen as well as smaller ones like heidelberg ) and switzerland and i noticed that the swiss speak german in a funky , country-ish manner , while german in germany was unsurprisingly straight-foward and slick . 
  what does pepicki mean ? 
  a latvian said he forgot belarus existed too haha . 
  makes sense, 
  portuguese sounds like a slav trying to speak spanish because of all of the `` sh '' sounds , unlike brazilian portuguese . 
  i think the welfare problem may be exacerbated by the fact that spain has extremely low fertility rates , so there are less workers to support pensioners . 
  the cons list is smaller for me since i 'm a native seattlelite and i love the rain and i do n't believe in investing a ton of money into school sports , let alone not being a die-hard football ( european or american football ) fan myself . 
  also , my school offers programs for my major and tuition is slightly less than what i would be paying if i stayed here all year long . 
  it is an expensive country though , which is a serious drawback . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i thought it was higher ranking admin like the chancellor or even professors . 
  the most common employee in many states and school systems is a football coach ( or truck driver or software developer ) . 
  maybe that was what you were referring to . 
  i mean spending a semester abroad . 
  my university offers programs with my major in germany in english so that wo n't be a concern , besides learning some german to get around on the street or just to be polite and not come off as an ignorant american . 
  it is refreshing to know how seriously most european countries view learning foreign languages . 
  we are so lazy when it comes to languages and gives us an image of arrogance and lethargy . 
  it sucks . 
  so does my french that i studied in high school :(, 
  exactly like that,
