  is n't taco friday a thing in norway ? 
  i saw somewhere on here that it is , but i 'm not sure . 
  seems like the romance portrayed in american movies funnily enough . . 
  i resonate with that a lot . 
  i only had positive experiences when i visited my grandfather in italy when i was young , but at the time i was n't aware of the economic and other problems italy , as well as the rest of europe , was facing . 
  i wanted to move there , but now i understand that everyone everywhere and every place has flaws . 
  sorry i 'm not european , so please do n't mind me answering . 
  anyhow , ever since i started visiting this sub , it helped tone down my `` grass is greener '' perspective of europe , and teach me that the us and the countries of europe all have their own problems , setbacks , in addition to benefits and positive aspects . 
  i got to learn about a ton of fascinating cultural idiosyncrasies and facts that i would n't learn anywhere else . 
  me neither . . 
  that triggers even me . 
  just , nooo, 
  never heard of morocco being our friends . . 
  no , it 's actually left-leaning according to this [ survey ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askanamerican/comments/64ncn9/results_how_does_this_subreddit_lean_politically/ ) taken a week ago . 
  i personally think it looks very striking and mystical . 
  after i went to europe , i started to eat fries with mayo all the time . 
  it 's the perfect combination imo . 
  sooo the more north you go , the worse the food gets . 
  am i right ? 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eheu90i.png ) . 
  i feel like this is one of the worst cases of bastardized food op is talking about . 
  i am guilty of eating these for breakfast as a kid . 
  do n't forget to put on the spread that you actually * can * believe is not butter . 
  give him a blunt . 
  second place is [ far too inadequate ] ( http://statisticstimes.com/economy/countries-by-projected-gdp-capita.php ) for those swiss perfectionists . 
  aand now it 's my wallpaper . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  i was surprised by that, 
  i will credit that some of you tried to help armenia . 
  even so , when i was spying on the dutch discord , since we were justifiably wary of you guys , i did think it was kinda funny when everyone turned nationalistic with the `` annex armenia '' posts . 
  armenia , greece , and the caribbean countries are resentful of you guys ... you dutchies made the swedes look tame . 
  too bad this subreddit does n't display that symmetry in your flair . . 
  yes i am not european but i 've been to 8 european countries in one road trip and i have a notable story for you . 
  we were a student group traveling in western europe . 
  in belgium , for lunch we went to a restaurant near the belfry in brugge . 
  all of our meals were prepaid so we could n't choose something for ourselves in restaurants . 
  so they served us this greyish mushroom soup that literally looked like sewage water . 
  even though i despise mushrooms , i was famished so i ate half of it before i could n't bear the foul taste of it anymore . 
  after we finished eating and touring bruge , we find out our bus to the hotel breaks down and we have to walk two miles ( three kilometers ) to the hotel . 
  suddenly , my stomach and bowels tells me that something is gravely wrong . 
  i knew it was that fucking soup and i was desperate to go to the bathroom . 
  while i was walking with my friends i started losing track of what they were talking about because of the explosive diarrhea that was imminent . 
  i started walking with my legs held close together and my butt cheeks clenched . 
  i was in pure agony holding in the lava-like waste inside of me . 
  right as we reached the hotel , i began shitting my pants and hauled ass to the bathroom not caring about anyone else 's stares and comments . 
  afterwards , i ended up lying to everyone that i vomited instead of defecating lava to save face . 
  i have never been in more pain and humiliation in my entire life . 
  i will forever associate belgium with that horrid experience . 
  wholesome . 
  so much pride in your language lol, 
  how interesting . . 
  it 's funny how many traditions seemingly arise from nowhere . 
  hehe . 
  that reminds of me of when a native english speaker does an impression of what a generic germanic language would sound like ( to them ) . 
  an example is `` hey guys i speak swedish now : kjergen shnergen fer schplergen ! '', 
  i was talking about the orange consumption while skiing . 
  although , reading crime novels for easter is randomly specific and quite intriguing too . 
  is there any reason for this ? 
  lol . 
  that sounds made up . 
  less drunk tourists for prague at a least . . 
  do you know why vietnamese immigrate to czechia of all places ? 
  that 's the only state that i have visited in austria . 
  it took me awhile to realize that we were in austria and not switzerland or liechtenstein . 
  i hate the updated flipboard setup with a passion . 
  it made me delete the app . 
  you should build some polders next to spain or portugal and establish a dutch territory there lol, 
  i learned about the oostvaardersplassen in my environmental science lecture last year and all of the dying animals and gore . 
  i still do n't think it 's a failed experiment imo . . 
  oh god, 
  i was thinking the same exact thing, 
  i agree . 
  their newer albums are cloyingly poppy and bland , but their older stuff is really good imo, 
  huh . 
  did n't even know they were canadian . . 
  those [ villages ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=white+villages+southern+spain&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=703&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjq7yrwnpzsahuorvqkhq6uaaoq_auibygc#imgrc=n7lwdzkymhfb2m: ) with the houses you describe are pretty too . 
  makes me wonder if climate change will introduce extreme heat waves to northern europe . . 
  microclimates i guess . . 
  it 's humid there too , so it feels much hotter than what the actual temperature is on a thermometer . 
  it 's basically an unventilated bathroom during a hot shower . 
  why people decided to settle there ( or anywhere in the south ) is beyond me . . 
  i live in a place ( seattle ) with a similar climate to most of western europe , so i 'm as used to that kind of eye-dehydrating , skin-searing heat as you assumedly are . 
  it 's funny though , because the acs that every home in the desert southwest is equipped with basically turns the house into a fridge when it 's turned on . 
  i 'm assuming not in norway , right ? 
  i 'm surprised that ac is n't an amenity that 's always been common in households in this region . 
  for places that do n't get that hot at all like the nordics , i could see ac being uncommon , but much of southern spain is semi-arid and desert-like . 
  i 'm guessing all of the cultural traditions in place like avoiding outside during daytime , refreshingly cold gazpacho , and siestas , as well as the fact that people lived here for thousands of years and are used to the heat make acs somewhat not needed . 
  same here in western washington state , which is not known for humidity like east coast is . 
  when it gets hot , it 's also dry , so it is a little more tolerable than if it was humid . 
  i 've recently seen some articles somewhere online regarding heatwaves going on over there . 
  i feel sorry for you southern hemispherians . 
  i 'm totally not a summer person . . 
  lol . 
  i do n't think it gets this hot in northern italy ( because of latitude ? ) . 
  growing up , i spent a few summers with my grandpa in torino and it never got above 38 . . 
  i 'm shocked that it got that hot at all over there ... 
  true . 
  lol . 
  i 'm a little late asking , but why ? 
  turns out the elan skis that i just bought are made in slovenia . .
