  so this is n't just a german thing ? 
  people from other countries are in on this conspiracy too ? 
  we can thank widespread greed and a lack of congressional action for this ( plus some other reasons as well ) . 
  unlike what one replier said , our vast size allowed us to accumulate massive amounts of wealth . 
  however , this wealth has become very unequally distributed between not only socioeconomic classes and individuals , but entire cities and states ( i.e. 
  massachusetts vs mississippi or san fran vs oakland ) , making them poorer for first world standards, 
  i 'm only regarding casual , everyday use . 
  i am corrected that celsius is useful , but kelvin is utterly useless in everyday settings . 
  sounds accurate . 
  hahaha, 
  yeah , i should 've mentioned hetalia earlier . . 
  i wonder why the animators do n't include a czech or slovak character in the anime . 
  i recall learning that one in high school french class haha, 
  i find it kinda sad that these names unique to this dutch linguistic region are being replaced by `` more international '' names . . 
  it 's interesting how that aspect of soviet rule lives on long after independence and dissolution . 
  true . 
  they 're terrible for the environment though and a good reason why transportation systems throughout the country suck compared to much of europe , since they make us all heavily dependent on cars . 
  you win some you lose some . . 
  how cool haha !, 
  it really is a shame though . 
  at least riga , like countless other european towns and cities , has an old town where some good architectural beauty remains . 
  i ca n't say the same as an american . 
  urban sprawl and the resulting horizon encroaching [ suburbia ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@41.1775733,-96.1698501,3a,60y,95.12h,87.97t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1smsziga27zsmyajzzfzuhoa!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) is n't much to be proud of either . 
  wow . 
  i just went to [ google street view ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@56.9408586,24.2105436,3a,60y,135.12h,90.49t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sbruekiqgq5uyetmd8zeq0q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) and they are pretty horrid . 
  hahaha . 
  i 'm in the same situation you described right now . 
  i 'm a college student living with one roommate in a room meant for only one person . 
  it 's basically a walk-in closet . 
  i 'm surprised though , because i thought these buildings were only constructed in the ussr . 
  i guess they 're found anywhere east of the iron curtain ? 
  i see the eu emerging as the global superpower , despite it not being a country , as a very possible outcome of this century . 
  however , climate change and the resulting refugees from africa and the middle east pose a dangerous threat to europe as a unified entity . 
  i agree with everything . 
  almost makes me want to move haha . 
  despite the many great aspects of living here , a common theme involving deficits of societal or political cooperation or motive to create solutions have made us a somewhat backwards country , especially when compared to other developed/western nations . 
  it is now that i think about it that way ... 
  i did it until high school . 
  hahaha, 
  i love coeur de pirate, 
  i , along with most people , do n't . 
  even so , it is a topic of interest that is often romanticized thanks to disney and other fairy tales kids are exposed to . 
  the most common medieval historical accounts that almost everyone in all states learn is that of the middle ages in britain , the black plague , and maybe the middle east and china . 
  you would never hear an american say that haha, 
  how interesting . . 
  nice !, 
  my dad 's family comes from armenia , which is right below georgia , and we know very little about the language other than the fact that it sounds somewhat like armenian . 
  they 're both caucasus languages , but georgian is kartvelian and armenian is indo-european . 
  i 've heard standard german and swiss german and the latter sounds more sing-songy and countryish to me . 
  standard german is more slick and polished . 
  how funny . 
  i agree with a 9 . 
  i feel like finnish is one of those languages that is spoken super rapidly . . idk, 
  i think all the slavs here can agree that czech sounds ` cute ' and infantile . 
  how interesting ... 
  i wonder if it 's easier for danes to learn swedish or norwegian than the other way around . 
  i would think so , because if i tried speaking danish , i would bruise my tongue haha, 
  interesting . 
  swedish also sounds sing-songy to me too . 
  why do you think portuguese and czech are adorable ? 
  haha, 
  wow !, 
  no offense to the dutchies in this subreddit , but i never thought i would see someone show any kind of admiration towards dutch . 
  i feel like if i tried speaking it , i would vomit or choke on my saliva . 
  cool . 
  i feel like the benelux region has more than its fair share of bilinguals and polyglots . 
  the exchange students i met in high school who were from belgium and the netherlands spoke 3 or 4 languages . . is that normal for people where you live ? 
  yeah , estonia has gotten some media recognition in the u.s. for being a tech haven and a good place for e-commerce . 
  i 've been to vorarlberg two years ago on a hiking trip . 
  it was awesome . 
  even then , i still do n't know much about austria . 
  was n't seeking approval . 
  people seriously need geography lessons in this country . 
  i 'd say so . 
  an evil cartoon character from one of my favorite childhood shows was portrayed as bulgarian . 
  that 's about it ... 
  maybe a 7 or 8 during the dissolution of yugoslavia . 
  true , true . 
  i heard someone say norway is the capital of amsterdam . 
  american 's utter lack of knowledge in geography makes me cringe . 
  i know quite a bit about norway . 
  it 's one of the richest countries in the world , it has thousands of fjords , it 's cold , they have a weird cheese that is n't really cheese , the cheese slicer was invented there , it 's stunningly beautiful , it has seemingly half of the world 's heavy metal bands ... 
  too me , it ( continental portuguese ) sounds like a slavic language mixed with spanish . 
  seems legit . 
  i 've been to there ( the hague and amsterdam ) , as well as denmark , and i could see why people confuse the netherlands and denmark . 
  one main difference imo is that you have stroopwafels ( which i fell in love with over there haha ) , while denmark specializes in fish . 
  i would say 1 or 2 . 
  most people know at least something about the uk . 
  it might be a different story if you want to regard the constituent countries though . 
  most people know nothing about wales , for example . 
  i would agree . 
  it must be nice not having to bear the brunt of the world 's criticisms and jokes . 
  many foreigners would n't be able to answer the question for many countries since they would n't know that they exist ( i.e. 
  few americans or chinese acknowledge the existence of belarus , northern ireland , georgia ) . 
  plus i think natives would be more able to judge how ` important ' their own country is . 
  i do n't know much about pittsburgh . 
  it 's sorta eh but maybe i 'm wrong . 
  i do live 20 mins east of seattle and i highly recommend it . 
  if you love nature ( forests , mountains , lakes ) , music , and rain then please visit . 
  san fran is also incredibly beautiful and i think the most aesthetically pleasing us city , which is kinda rare .
