  i have not , but i looked it up on wikipedia . 
  it seems really intriguing :  the play begins in a factory that makes artificial people , called roboti ( robots ) , from synthetic organic matter . 
  they are not exactly robots by the current definition of the term : they are living flesh and blood creatures rather than machinery and are closer to the modern idea of clones . 
  and you guys invented the word robot . 
  ` twat ' is nonexistent here and ` cunt ' is considered more obscene than ` fuck ' . 
  you maybe right now that i think about it . 
  my few experiences with others farting have n't been great , though . 
  in my high school calculus and french class , this mentally disabled kid would rip farts that instantly made you nauseated . 
  whenever someone near me passes gas in general , i haul ass in the opposite direction . 
  yeah . 
  farting here is considered to be very rude and disgusting . 
  you are seen as immature if you think it 's funny . 
  ehh . 
  same with here . 
  20 years ago , the streets were filled with kids playing and causing trouble . 
  now , they 're dead and everyone is locked away inside . 
  what 's the reason behind the last bullet point ? 
  i 've never once seen that in my life . 
  i thought that was a thing in china . 
  i guess so . . 
  if we had a functioning national subreddit to ourselves ( since r/murica is a patriotic circlejerk ) besides the entire reddit domain , which unsurprisingly has a largely american user base since it is based in the us , we 'd probably have the same issue with our political climate and what not . 
  even then , britain * has * been going through a lot lately . . 
  i wonder how that came about . . you guys got to the point where you had to create a new [ subreddit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/casualuk/ ) just for non-political matters ; this wa n't at all the case with any other national subreddit . 
  at least you beat them by 16 places on the [ hdi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_development_index ) . 
  interesting . 
  alluding to what you previously commented , maybe an uptick in tourism similar to what iceland has experienced in the past decade would help boost their economy enough to avoid relying too much on mining and oil drilling , but i 'm not so sure if even that would be enough to sustain them . 
  nevertheless , i just hope for the best for both parties and that everything works out . 
  not at all trying to stick up for another american , but i do n't see how they equated the left with communism . 
  anti-americanism does n't automatically equate to communism . . 
  hear hear . 
  do you think greenland will be independent anytime in the near future ? 
  wow . 
  people just torrent movies here . 
  how morbidly german ... 
  same with our knock-off president . 
  it sounds like german that was softened with french . 
  lol, 
  maybe increasing their salaries could reverse that negative feedback loop ? 
  idk ; maybe the issue is more complicated than it seems , i guess . 
  is there a reason for this ? 
  what does this issue entail ? 
  world : 89 % in 9:08 us : 100 % in 1:02 europe : 100 % in 1:19, 
  i got 100 % in 1:19 . 
  what are some things you 've learned ? 
  who woulda thought . . 
  i love that people from countries on opposite sides of the continent that otherwise have little to do with each other can interact as much as they do here . 
  it 's really cool to me . 
  that stuff pairs amazingly with fresh salmon and cream cheese . 
  yeah . . my french foreign exchange friend told me he did n't consider germany to be in western europe , and i thought he was crazy . 
  i thought the uk was considered to be western europe . 
  i do n't get it either , but it still sounds like a really good insult . 
  my swedish would still sound better than if i tried speaking danish . 
  it sounds better than danish . 
  you speak the uk 's national standardized accent , so locals would say it 's `` neutral '' or `` normal '' , although i agree it really does n't make much sense , logically speaking . 
  americans that speak general american english ( our standard accent ) would use those same adjectives for themselves too , or be ignorant and say they `` do n't have an accent '' . 
  i 've always wanted to go in winter and experience the christmasy nyc feel that movies such as home alone depict . 
  really ?? 
  i thought it had generally the same meaning there as it does here . . 
  do many people like s\u00fclt in estonia or is it an acquired taste that few enjoy ? 
  i do n't feel i would like it myself . 
  that all looks amazing . . german cuisine is underrated . 
  so pickles ? 
  also , i could finish a giant bowl of popcorn in a couple minutes so that there 'd be no more before the movie i was watching even started . . 
  i 'd always pop multiple bags of popcorn before watching a movie since one bag was n't enough . 
  my mom told me i was obsessed with popcorn because she ate it a lot when she was pregnant with me haha, 
  i hate the fact that there would have been a massive outrage if a candy or snack had marketed itself with that name over here . 
  i love those raspberry candies !, 
  i do n't know their name though . 
  i love black licorice but salmiak is something else . 
  it has a sweaty and aspartame aftertaste that i ca n't stand and does n't taste like regular black licorice at all to me . 
  to each their own . . 
  their head of state is 10 ^ 100000000 times better than ours . 
  what 's a finland ? 
  i 'm definitely biased since i took french in secondary school , but i feel like grammar and pronunciation in french is much easier than spanish or italian . . especially pronunciation . 
  there are soo many l 's in spanish that make my tongue hurt . 
  lol . 
  no i 'm not talented in football , but i agree that getting a citizenship will take a lot of time and energy . 
  i 'll see how everything plays out . 
  i live in seattle , and la traffic makes me happy to live here . 
  i also do n't like how spread out the sights and attractions are and i feel like it 's an overrated city in general . 
  the lack of trees , air pollution , and the warm , dry climate also turn me off since i 'm biased toward the pacific northwest . 
  he * is * popular in hungary ? 
  i thought everyone hated him . 
  i pass out literally anywhere when i drink . . 
  i am close to my mother 's family , who all live in italy , but not so much with my father 's american family . 
  i also go to italy to be with family every summer , so i grew to be close to that culture and i speak ok italian . 
  i 'm a pseudo european i guess haha . 
  i already qualify for an italian citizenship because my mother was born in italy and has an italian and american citizenship , but i have n't yet gone through with applying for one . 
  i am currently a college student studying environmental science ( so i do n't have any skills ? ) . 
  i graduate in two years and hope to be hired by a research firm . 
  if i wanted to move , i 'd first have to see what opportunities are available for a new citizen ( with a bachelor degree ) in europe regarding environmental research before i go through with the long process of actually getting a citizenship and sorting everything else involving actually moving there . 
  half my family lives in italy , and i am much closer to that side than my dad 's american family , so naturally i thought of moving there or some place else in europe since i feel i fit in better there . 
  i spent all of my summers up to two years ago in italy with family and i speak ( decent-ish ) italian , but i do n't know what i should do since the job market there is dismal . 
  half my family lives in italy , and i 'm closer to that side than i am my dad 's american family and i speak italian . 
  i definitely thought of moving , but that would n't be easy . 
  i 'll see how everything works out . 
  textbook example of brutal dutch honesty . 
  that made me laugh , but i 'm still downvoting , because come on . . 
  that looks like a high school . 
  sounds very familiar . .
