the other way to look at it , is every week the prime minister sits down and can share his thoughts and secrets with someone who is equally as committed to the country , will never share what he says , has just as high a security clearance , and has been privy to the innermost thoughts of every british prime minister since churchill . 
  that 's a wealth of experience and knowledge to take advantage of . 
  now obviously throughout the years there must have been pm 's which did n't see eye-to-eye with the queen , and there must have been differences of opinion . 
  but these discussions remain private between the head of government and the head of state . 
  gives them both confidence they can be open and honest with each other . 
  not a `` treaty '' as such , but as close as you can get . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances main points :  the memorandum was originally signed by three nuclear powers , the russian federation , the united states of america , and the united kingdom . 
   the memorandum included security assurances against threats or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine . 
  as a result ukraine gave up the world 's third largest nuclear weapons stockpile, 
  i 've removed this as the video is no longer available . 
  feel free to submit a new source . 
  i suggested mexican . 
  you ca n't remove mods above you . 
  yep, 
  the survey has * agree * on one side , and * disagree * on the other . 
  google does n't carry this across to the results page . 
  i 'm far from the most visible mod in this sub !, 
  i 'm surprised \\ / u/kitestramuort got so many , seeing as he 's not even appeared in the subreddit in the 3 years i 've been a mod here ... 
  hey , the english actually succeeded in beheading a king and abolishing the monarchy . 
  beat that !, 
  the only reason we brought them back was that the other guy was worse . 
  do you mean the roma specifically , or all itinerant groups ? 
  here in the uk the roma are uncommon ( outside of a few publicized cases of criminal groups in major cities ) . 
  most of the `` gypsies '' referred to in the press are irish travellers or others . 
  the fundamentalist , inflexible christians have got that covered . 
  i would disagree . 
  if there 's a law against something , then it should be respected even by those in power . 
  if exceptions are needed , then the exceptions should be included in the law . 
  i 'm not a fan of any government ( especially my own ) deciding which laws do and do n't apply to them . 
  here in the uk , it 's * supposed * to be the basis for our whole legal system . 
  fuck you !, 
  it was railways * and * cricket !, 
   that shit is fucking dangerous . 
  once a redditor talked about a priest who 'd abused him as a kid . 
  from some very sparse details in the thread ( the name of a sermon he 'd given about protecting the innocent ) some redditors identified a pastor , posted his contact details and streetview of his house . 
  the next day the pastor was reported as killed in a tragic accident when cleaning his gun . 
  agreed . 
  there 's plenty of * do n't mention the war * - style jokes , and during football matches there 's a bunch of rivalry ( do n't mention penalties , \u266b * two world wars and one world cup ... * \u266b ) , but it 's all generally good natured . 
  do n't know anyone who actually has bad feelings towards the germans . 
  [ david mitchell : lucky old germans . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ufmvo5lu58 ), 
  i hope you understand seagull . 
  yep . 
  i 'd approved the comment anyway but was telling you for future info . 
  including bit.ly links ( or other url shorteners ) in your comment just sends them to the spam filter . 
  volcanoes too . 
  i think you missed a trick . 
  that 's not what i recommended . 
  i want laws that affect many people to be legislated at a wide multi-national level , and laws which only affect individuals to be legislated at a local level . 
  i admit there could be some immediate unpleasant consequences , areas which have very unpleasant laws , but i feel in the longterm this would work out . 
  i feel confident that the more accepting and open areas would be more successful than the bigoted areas . 
  trying to legislate these things on a national level does n't seem to work . 
  minorities always feel oppressed , whereas under this system they can find an area that 's suited to them . 
  the best way to educate people is by example . 
  if the accepting areas do better than the unaccepting areas , and people are free to move between them without restriction , then my hope is the bigoted areas would slowly die out . 
  i see this as more legislating what is allowed in someone 's home , not legislating against the existence of someone travelling along a freeway . 
  acceptable recreational substances , acceptable sexual practices , acceptable political philosophies or religious beliefs . 
  basically , if someone wants a town where something is banned , they can live there quite happily . 
  if someone wants to live somewhere it 's allowed , they can do the same . 
  no one is forced to live next to someone who does something the other thinks should be illegal . 
  sure , this could lead to some small towns full of hate , but at least we 'd all know where they are and avoid them . 
  i predict most places would be as open as possible to increase opportunities for their economy . 
  agreed , for a couple of big reasons . 
  firstly , all european countries are deeply integrated to the modern global economic system . 
  we do n't have competing empires looking to expand their base of power , but one large system in which we 're all players . 
  the large industries and corporations in each country would be deeply opposed to the kind of wars we saw last century , and these are the institutions that politicians in the west listen to more than the electorate . 
  secondly , all modern european nations are either nuclear powers , or a couple months away from the engineering ability to create nuclear weapons if they truely desired them . 
  i can see the possibility of trade wars and similar disagreements ; maybe the collapse of a country and balkan-style * interventions * , but all-out war ? 
  not possible short of full-blown nuclear conflict . 
  and not even the maddest politicians want that . 
  i am strongly for more co-operation and integration on bigger issues . 
  topics like defense , trade and economic planning should be tackled by as large a number of countries as possible . 
  the smaller or more personal topics get , things that effect individual 's day-to-day lives , i feel these laws should be set in as small an area as possible . 
  ideally down to city/town level . 
  people can choose to live in an area that suits their lives and their lifestyles . 
  i am . 
  i think the eu is far from perfect , but it 's the best we 've got and i hope it evolves into something a lot better than it currently is . 
  edit : speeling, 
  it was a nomination thread . 
  voting for mods is a * terrible * idea . 
  what about when / r/christianity mods are up for election , and / r/atheism floods the polls with an anti-religious mod ? 
  srs and their enemies would have vote wars over controversial subreddits . 
  trolls would have a field day basically . 
  then how do you enforce it ? 
  tell that to the admins . 
  / r/ideasfortheadmins, 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't agree , but i can see that a lot of people take the mod 's nationality as something important . 
  next time we add mods we shall take it into consideration . 
  any negatives in that coincidence are purely in the minds of people who think a major qualifier in modding ability is geographical location . 
  mods are not rulers of a subreddit . 
  they 're janitors . 
  i 'm not sure there 's anything i can say that will convince you that there were no evil intentions in the choosing of the mods . 
  * sigh * i 'm sorry that i disappoint you , but these were the choices we made . 
  i did not consider people 's nationality when i picked the mods . 
  i can see that this has upset you . 
  i apologise . 
  i recommend you ask the newly added mods to check for any evidence of inproper behaviour now , in the past or in the future , and see what they say . 
  i 'm being upvoted in other parts of this thread . 
  reddit is fickle like that .
