  i 'm creating one now , 
  already had the top one , 
  ok , on it . 
   every time i see posts that are blatantly racist on the front page do you report them ? 
  maybe because he feels being pro-independence is n't a matter of ethnicity ? 
  i do n't know , why do n't you ask in the thread ? 
  i do n't agree with those people , but i think the correct action is for redditors to downvote them . 
  why the fuck would you self-identify as `` racist '' ? 
  but to answer your question , it is completely up to our personal judgement . 
  if you want to ensure you never get any comments removed , i suggest you play it safe . 
  i see nothing in there that deserves a ban . 
  i do not ban people simply for not having the same view as me . 
  that is for the community to self-police with downvotes . 
  banning people simply for being a racist seems too much like being thought police . 
  i 'd rather they participate and maybe get some education instead of feeling victimized , as that 's more likely to result in people getting defensive and unwilling to reconsider their views . 
  ### just so you know the mod viewpoint . 
  * hate speech will be removed , and persistent offenders banned . 
  * racist attitudes are unwelcome , and we hope they get downvoted , but they will not be removed unless they include hate speech or are directly harassing an individual . 
  we do not ban people simply for being wrong , or for being rude . 
  that 's what downvotes are for . 
  if you see any example of hate speech or direct racist harassment , please ** report them to the mods ** and we 'll take care of them . 
  *** p.s. 
  i know flair is broken , i 'm working on it . 
  i 've got nothing against bundles of firewood or fried liver balls . 
  do you * want * me to ban them ? 
  unfortunately i can not monitor every comment in every thread in this subreddit . 
  i do check the reports , and if you see hatespeech then please report it . 
  i agree with you that this redditor seems to be racist . 
  i will give them a warning and tag them . 
  his comments are not deserving of an immediate ban as yet , as although they are racist they 're being downvoted and he 's not using hatespeech or directly threatening someone . 
  if after his warning he continues to be a racist twat then he 's likely to be banned . 
  i do n't ban people for being rude , being wrong , or being a dick . 
  if people are racist or homophobic i check their profile , and if they do it a lot they get a ban . 
  repeated use of the word `` faggot '' will get you a ban . 
  only warning . 
  there 's also more stars in both flags , but only so many pixels , 
  can we defeat the zerg rush ? 
  i 've used gdocs for a poll in / r/music before , extremely easy and painless . 
  i can set it up tonight ? 
  the flag is the flag of the council of europe and represents all europeans , not just the eu . 
   but how posting in original language could harm r/europe ? 
  let me begin by saying i have no problem with non-english sources being linked , the rule was not my creation . 
  i agree that it is not very difficult for people to use google translate on articles they do n't understand , but i would also point out that you may be vastly limiting the audience if you post a link that 60-90 % of subscribers can not read . 
  i 'm fairly confident that a lot of people will not bother to translate the source unless they can first read something in a language they understand which summarizes the article . 
  if we change the rule to allow non-english articles , i predict that english articles will attract more attention than a previously submitted non-english one . 
  that said , if people really want the change i would be happy with it . 
  we can run a poll on this later if you want ? 
  the reason we had this was due to the de-facto status of english as a secondary language europe-wide . 
  there is n't really any other european language with a chance of over 50 % of subscribers understanding it . 
  if you can only find a non-english source , how about linking it in a self-post together with a google translation ? 
  yep , because texans have really lost their '' * texaniness * '' since joining the us . 
   what 's to say that in 40 years a european superstate wo n't decide to cross the channel ? 
  wars like that wo n't happen any more between nuclear powers . 
  only countries who ca n't nuke back get invaded , which is why iran wants them . 
  when an activity is criminalized , it attracts criminals . 
  it was actually the reigning [ king of scotland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_james_vi_of_scotland ) who inherited the english throne and decided to merge the kingdoms . 
  a link to reddiquette is over in the sidebar , but not sure how much more i can do . 
  i 'm not a believer in removing the down arrow . 
  i could put some hover text over the down arrow , similar to / r/truereddit ? 
  it 's not listed as the `` northern ireland flag '' but the `` ulster flag '' . 
   there is both the irish and uk flags for people who wish to identify as either , and the ulster flag which recognises the general region . 
  i do n't mind adding any more flags , but just want them to be pre-existing flags . 
  not trying to be a complete arse . 
  i 'm happy adding any existing flag which you find , just do n't want to open the floodgates , 
  to be fair , i 'm not looking for everyone 's agreement !, 
  i just do n't want to start letting people invent their own flags , as that could lead to huge amounts of new flags . 
  the only rule i have with adding flags is that they have to be a recognised existing flag . 
  what flag do you want for northern ireland ? 
  you 're probably the type of person who would lambast me for trying to raise my imaginary epeen if it had not been a self-post . 
  hostile ? 
  yep , i was here back then too , as a lurker . 
  websites will always change over time . 
  i think one of reddit 's strengths is the subreddit system . 
  anyone can create a section and have whatever moderation rules they want . 
  it can take a bit of effort on the part of the user , but it 's more than possible to customize your reddit experience to be whatever you want . 
  check the bottom of the post !, 
  i like the way / r/europe has kept the feel of reddit from before the great digg migration . 
  i will do my best to try and keep the quality high from my end , just keep submitting the good posts !, 
  agreed and understood . 
  as one of the mods here , i hope you feel secure that we frown upon meme posts . 
  we may put some official rules up soon . 
  hopefully the posts showing on our main page will tell potential subscribers the sort of subreddit we currently are . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  shocked i tell you . 
  let 's see if i can explain my position . 
   i do n't think what 's on offer in europe is any better than what we already have i think britain in 50 years will be stronger as part of the eu than sitting alone at the gates . 
  we agree that we are a much stronger country than the fear-mongers would have us believe , but we are also far past the point where we can be a major player on the world stage as a lone entity . 
  it is my firm belief that we must be part of the eu if we want to remain relevant in 2050-2100 . 
   i think our culture is just too different from the cultures in europe i think this is a load of nonsense . 
  the french and germans are not martians , and any differences we have with either are no bigger than the differences they have with each other . 
  i have travelled throughout europe for months at a time , have lived in france , germany and poland . 
  the cultural divide is a crack in a paving stone , not the grand canyon . 
  to cross it you merely need to overcome the superstition . 
  the problem here will be any suggestion at britain losing its veto , or not being in sole control over the veto , will have the political right in uproar . 
  it will be unconscionable for them to relinquish this power . 
  i 'll tell you what the big issue will be a few years after this economic crises calms : britain 's unsc veto . 
  i can easily see the day when it is suggested that instead of both britain and france having a veto , there is instead a single eu veto . 
  both sides of the channel are lessor powers than they were in 1945 , and many nations may think that eu having two members with vetos is simply disproportionate . 
  this island mentality we british collectively have is infuriating to me . 
  i do n't think it 's anything that will go away soon , unfortunately .
