  why do you think they would ? 
  there was no voting , we chose mods from the nominations . 
  i brought them in because they 're active , have been active for a long time , are likely to remain active for a long time , and have a long track record of good mod actions . 
  if you 're worried that they 'll start changing the subreddit , i hope you feel confident in the 4 mods from the community who are able to keep an eye on them and report back any nefarious plots . 
  i mod with him in a number of subreddits , and the rumours of his extreme censorship are greatly over-stated . 
  [ i linked to it in the thread ] ( http://redd.it/196bah ) ^, 
  i mentioned racism because that seems to be the biggest issue facing the subreddit , as it 's what most of the modmails and complaint threads seem to be about . 
  the mods are being added to help out with all modding duties . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akjf0md1kg8 ) * perkele *, 
  this sub is now bigger than those defaults were when i joined them . 
  reddit was a smaller site and there was less work and much less drama . 
  i mean those boards repeatedly raid those subs . 
  so get a lot of hate if , for example , i 'm the mod removing their rickrolls , icp tracks , or nigel farage memes . 
  we do , it 's just a case of getting all the mods agreed on both the new rules and procedures . 
  there 's no big disagreement , but there 's been a lack of movement in getting it sorted . 
  i hope to fix that . 
  you got me . 
  political subreddits with no active moderation are easily gamed by those of a more extreme political persuasion . 
  we 'd prefer it if our sub was open to all , instead of being a toxic environment . 
  / r/european is a `` let the users decide '' sub , which is fine . 
  but it is also a sub with users openly hostile to those not occupying the right of the social spectrum . 
  we 'd prefer it if this sub was n't . 
  because we choose not to . 
  that is our right . 
  other subreddits choose to have no active mod removals . 
  that is their right . 
  subscribers can choose which subreddit they are part of . 
  that is their right . 
  admins chose this subreddit as the one to be a default . 
  that was up to the admins . 
  reddit is not a nationstate , people are free to come and go as they wish , and to moderate the subreddits they create as they wish . 
  nope , used to smoke about 12/13 years ago , but weed stopped agreeing with me . 
  i 'm pro-legalization but no longer partake . 
  / u/cinsere modded me on / r/trees and / r/gonewild to do css work . 
  i created the little baggy symbol for unread mail , for example . 
   i just keep seeing around reddit of people who say ` some mods are trying to push x agenda ! ', 
  etc etc and did n't really know what to make of it . 
  in my experience , that is almost always a case of `` mods do n't like me pushing my agenda ! '' . 
  subreddits are user-created things , and mods are ( for better or worse ) gods in their subreddit . 
  i like to use the * nightclub analogy * to describe this :  imagine each subreddit as a nightclub . 
  any person can open a nightclub , set the drinks prices , organize the music genre , choose the decor , etc. 
  it can take a lot of hard work to make the club successful and attract customers , and the hardest working promoters will find their club becoming successful . 
   the owner of the club will take a lot of pride in it , they can ban whoever they want from attending if they do n't think they fit . 
  they feel a connection to their club . 
   however if owner is not the heart of the club . 
  the patrons are . 
  people usually attend the club because they like the people there . 
  if the owner is an arse , there is nothing to stop someone opening another club a few streets away . 
  if people prefer that club all the customers will leave and go to the new venue . 
  sure the first club may have more history , or a better location , but the power belongs to the patrons and not the owner . 
  a subreddit may belong to the mods , but if they want a successful subreddit they need to appeal to the people they want there . 
  likewise if people do n't like a subreddit , they can make a better subreddit that better caters to their needs . 
  / r/marijuana died and / r/trees took over . 
  / r/wrestling died and / r/squaredcircle took over . 
  there are a bunch more examples too , but these are off the top of my head . 
  complaining about the mods is fair , but the users are under no obligation to attend a subreddit . 
  if the mods do n't listen to the users they will no longer find themselves modding a popular subreddit , as the users will move on . 
  this is the way it should be . 
  that used to be a problem , but there was a reason that developed . 
  back when user-created subreddits were introduced there was a scramble to create new subreddits . 
  people who were online when the post went live went out and created tens of subreddits based around generic subjects like pics , funny , music , etc. 
  some people created 50 + just for the hell of it . 
  these were the original `` power mods '' like qgyh2 and illuminatedwax . 
  it was n't an organized power grab , was just redditors using a new system and seeing what they could do . 
  / r/reddit . com had under 100,000 subscribers at the time , it was a much smaller site . 
  also back then , every mod had the same power . 
  so a mod could come in , remove every other mod and take control of the subreddit ( ** edit ** : there was also no modlog , so you could n't see what other mods were doing ) . 
  this meant you had to trust every mod you added . 
  there was a bit of backscratching then , but only as a kind of safety net . 
  ( i 'll trust you to mod mine if you trust me to mod yours ) . 
  reddit eventually brought in mod hierarchy so mods could only remove mods below them in the modlist . 
  this ended the fear of coups and meant more people could be added without fear . 
  reddit was still a much smaller site with less moderation needed , so people like bep , davidreiss666 and me got into modding more . 
  some of the original mods also just burnt out on modding while the new lot were more active . 
  some people with a reputation of being an active mod would get invited to mod another subreddit . 
  not as part of a conspiracy , just because they could be relied upon to actually do the work . 
  you 'd be surprised how many new mods are active for a month then drop out and never do anything again . 
  as reddit got larger , around 3 years ago , there was a noticeable change in this philosophy . 
  it was understood that due to the sheer amount of work involved in a default someone being a mod of many subreddits would be a disadvantage . 
  not everyone can be as active as dr666 ( who may be an actual robot ) . 
  so more people were added who were unknowns . 
  nowadays any suggestion of there being an in-crowd * clique * is fairly absurd to someone like me . 
  private mod subreddits like / r/modtalk and / r/modclub have thousands of members , and there is definitely no group trying to control everything . 
  there have been good mods and bad mods . 
  which is natural , and the few examples of corrupt mods are rare and big events when they 're discovered . 
  i 'm now a mature student , and have a part time volunteer job . 
  i still mod 30 + subreddits ( some are private ) . 
  only around 6 or 7 need active daily modding . 
  although i admit i 'm not the most active mod anymore , they all have good and active teams . 
  i used to mod over 100 subreddits including about 7 defaults ( back when this was allowed ) but stepped down from most of them over a year ago when i stopped having the spare time to do it . 
  when stattit was active i was about 5th `` biggest '' mod by number of subscribers , behind people like bep and qgyh2 . 
  it is possible to mod that many , especially back when reddit was smaller . 
  it is a lot harder to do now . 
  we 're considering it . 
  they sometimes have the potential to lead to more drama than they 're worth . 
  for example , if we have a popular post about one news event ( a specific event , not just a topic like `` refugees '' ) we will remove duplicate stories of this event from other news sources ( unless the new story has significant new info ) . 
  these removals need to be clearly marked as removed for this reason , but sometimes people will point to an otherwise valid story as being removed as part of our * conspiracy * , without taking into account the story is already on / r/europe being discussed . 
  we 're trying to balance this out . 
  if both the `` left '' and `` right '' are unhappy with us it should at least prove we 're somewhere in the middle . 
  anyone who thinks we belong to one side is probably too far to the other .
