   john redwood ... proposes a grand bargain : swap britain 's veto over european integration for the right to opt out of any eu policy area . 
  other governments would agree , predicts mr redwood , because britain is the only large country likely to use its veto when euro-zone rescue efforts require sanctifying by eu treaty changes ( which must be ratified by all 27 members ) . 
  despite thinking the eu is a good thing ( although in need of much improvement ) , i would back this plan . 
  it seems all we 're currently good at doing in europe is holding back progress . 
  maybe it 's time for us to take a step back and let them get on with it for a decade or so . 
  this is a bit of a misleading headline ... 
  the roma are a very small part of the gypsy community in england . 
  the vast majority are irish travellers , who are ethnically different . 
  link does n't work for me either . 
  removed it , but feel free to repost a working link . 
  are there any bulgarian redditors who can give us their view ? 
  what a load of pseudo-intellectual twaddle . 
  * finally * given you flair . 
  not at all . 
  not at all , was waiting for the bot guy to remove flair validation , as then it 's trivial to add new flags . 
  he 's now done this , so will get it sorted at some point today !, 
  i do n't judge individuals based on the actions of their nation . 
  i love how quickly any cnn comment thread devolves into liberal vs conservative flamewar . 
  i 'm english , for at least the last four generations . 
  a stereotypical englishman is a hard thing to pin down . 
  some ( americans mostly ) see us as a bunch of tea-drinking , weak-wristed , effeminate public schoolboys who live in castles . 
  many europeans on the other hand , especially those who live in nicer climates ( which is not hard ) , see us as a bunch of bare-chested , drunk , obnoxious football hooligans with a penchant for cheap lager and fried bacon . 
  as for whether i 'm typical , i have to admit the bacon thing is spot-on . 
   op , are you a wsws employee ? 
  almost your entire posting history consists of stories from wsws . 
  speaking personally ( as a mod , but not on behalf of all mods ) i have no problem with people posting from places they are connected to . 
  i only have a problem if they flood the new queue with their articles , or if they cheat the voting . 
  i stand by my view that they 're nothing to do with the current fragile economy . 
  instead i 'd blame social policy over the last 20 years . 
  here in london i 'd say it 's hard to recognise that we 're in dire economic straits . 
  sure i know a number of people who are out of work ( including myself ) , but most town centres near me you 'll find most shops still open for business . 
  one thing i 've noticed is that the high-priced coffee shops are still full of people , which i 'd consider a sign that many still have disposable income to waste . 
  the riots had nothing to do with the economy . 
   i also do n't feel like submitting something controversial with my national flag attached to it . 
  as long as you stay away from volcano news you should be safe . 
  on a serious note , no problem removing them from the main page if people prefer it . 
  berlin is probably my favourite city to visit . 
  but then i 'm definitely cheap . 
  no comment on sexy . 
  ok , added it by hand as not heard back yet from the bot guy . 
  can you try again ? 
  i 've added it by hand as not heard back from the bot guy . 
  your decision . 
  as i said in another comment , it 's possible for you to alter the hover text and make note of this . 
  any flag that was on the un list was available before , but i was only adding non-standard flags if they were european flags . 
  your flag is showing now . 
  the guy might have fixed the bot , sure i 'll get a message if that 's the case . 
  edit : actually , i think you had one from before ...  so you backed out on only european flags or is it just a script thing ? 
  not sure what you mean by this . 
  cool . 
  gim me a while to get it added tho . 
  my netbook died , and currently online using an ancient desktop which is unused to guis and is having trouble with chrome ... edit : but it 's still better than surfing with the kindle !, 
  [ see here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/kiul1/new_and_improved_reurope_comment_flags_get_yours/c2kq5ne ), 
  no preferred file . 
  the main issue is finding something that size , or creating it yourself and the resulting icon being recognisable enough for you , 
  yep , no problem adding that . 
  would be much happier if you could also find a 16x11 icon which look nice , 
  i 'll look into it . 
  edit : i 've messaged the guy who runs the bot . 
  give it a day for him to get back to me . 
  i 'll look into it . 
  maybe you should make yourselves more lovable !, 
  finding me a nice 16x11 icon would be a good way to start . 
  obviously you 've never been a moderator :(, 
  you already had a flag !, 
  actually ... 
  i think i might have an answer for you . 
  when you select a flag , you get a four letter code for the css image , and the remainder is the hover text . 
  now i 've not tried it , but i 'm sure you could change the remaining text to say whatever you want . 
  this means you would still only have one flag , but on hover it could say `` italian australian '' or something . 
  how does this suit you ? 
  not stressing . 
   unfortunately it 's not feasible to show two flags . 
  yep , that 's due to the way we have both flag and text flair but only show one depending on hover or not . 
  it 's plausibly possible to fix , but would involve a bit of css fiddling which i 'm too drunk to consider right now . 
  ask the admins to completely change the way flair works , or ask me to create an image sprite with 62,000 flag combinations . 
  it 's tough to do this , but as it 's so easy to change flag whenever you want , how about you decide which flag you 're feeling like today , and you can change later if you wish , 
  you have already been assimilated !, 
  all flags are now flair flags . 
  under the old system , i allowed people to request any flags they wanted . 
  within reason . 
  if it 's not showing it simply means no one requested it at the time . 
  now we 're using flair , and people can hover to see what the flag is for , i have no problem adding a few more later . 
  it was requested . 
  bavaria is there too . 
  i may add some more in the future , but giving myself a break from the / r/europe css for now . 
  wait until the bot is set up . 
  using javascript to mass upvote ( or downvote ) is a great way to get shadowbanned ... 
  no worries , will make a new post when everything is set up and ready . 
  this is not the place to request flags !, 
  we 're setting up a bot soon , 
  could n't you fecking wait until i finished updating the flags !, 
  le chat est sur la table . 
  test, 
  whoops , missed this . 
  i mod a few subreddits so it 's not so easy to keep track of . 
  much better if all the mods get messaged at once , then we can all see when it 's done . 
  i included the catalonian flag on the image sprite when i made it , so putting you in would be trivial . 
  there was a bit of dispute over me adding non-national flags a few months ago . 
  toys were thrown from prams and the community decided on the current rules .
