  very interesting to hear . 
  they should implement a defense mechanism against those kind of hostile takeovers . 
  no , like with most civilised countries . 
  well , certainly . 
  well , luckily this is the internet , where people have to mentally confront insults instead of mindlessly raising their fists and calling it a day . 
  maybe it 'll get one or the other to think about it . 
  bigger gene pool ca n't hurt . 
  it wo n't be the end of civilisation . 
  just one of many innumerable changes that are the spice of life . 
  hmm . 
  quite a good point actually . 
  i dunno if it 's truly final . 
  you never know what shit they cook up next . 
  ^ ^ ^ / joke, 
  i 'd be fine with that . 
  that was not the point of my post . 
  i do n't know anything about that , sorry . 
  well it stopped the pointless bickering , so it was a net good deed . 
   every ethnic minority is guaranteed parliamentary representation that 's very different . 
  and in the end ... they 're all just ottoman mudbloods !, 
   `` cradle of civilisation '' so they do try to feign a connection with alexander 's macedonia after all . 
  good to know . 
  violation of what ? 
  their safe space ? 
  well i 'm sure sorry . 
  sure it does not . 
  but laws are mandatory . 
  they are the serious deal . 
  drinking beer at oktoberfest and eating bratwurst ? 
  not so much . 
  we are a free country , aside of some quirks . 
  you live your life as you want to . 
  this is the context in which our laws work . 
  they do n't have to have that . 
  they only need to conceal the shape and size of the things you hide under them . 
  and they do that perfectly fine . 
  no one can tell that it 's a bomb or a handgun and not a beerbelly that 's taking up the space . 
  a lot of them wear their hair completely open in fact , and they even wear make-up !!, 
  1 : eyes , body proportions ( at least height ) can help identify her when you know her 2 : the incidence is still low so it 's currently hard to mistake her for someone else . 
  there 's just no one else around . 
  it 's just a tiny part of a bigger package . 
  no great effort has been exerted . 
  or forcing them to accept that they 're part of a society that gives and takes and is built on mutual trust . 
  if you want to distrust the people around you , sod off and stay at home . 
   jihad against the infidels ( sometimes called the sixth pillar of islam ) misleading hard . 
  jihad is a `` struggle '' . 
  it can mean defending the faith against offenders , but generally it just means gitting gud at being a muslim , this is the primary meaning . 
  all you must do is to respect its laws , do n't interfere , learn the language and pay your taxes . 
  everything beyond that is optional . 
  i saw one young lady wear it in school once , long before even the financial crisis . 
  that 's honestly the only incident i remember . 
  i do n't mind banning the full-face veil . 
  it is firstly disrespectful towards society to conceal your face completely so you wo n't be bothered by disrespectful kufar pigs ( the audacity !, 
  ) , and secondly it makes identification a lot harder . 
  the connection with anti-terror measurements is very strenuous though . 
  like any coat . 
  were you satirical ? 
  the general dynamic between the two is still very similar . 
  analogies are generally not spot on . 
  i think he just does n't have a political vision beyond `` stay in power and make turkey great again ! '', 
  and does n't really understand the long-term significance of his actions . 
  if it ends with assad on top , it 's only a matter of time until a new civil war breaks out again . 
  do n't forget why this shit started in the first place . 
  assad is an instability factor . 
  yes he was . 
  they basically took over together . 
  when this friendship became politically inopportune he dropped him like a hot potato . 
  they are both cut of the same wood . 
  all of this talk about cleansing the nation of the `` dangerous g\u00fclen sect '' is just him using the opportunity to get rid of potential rivals . 
  he 's basically erdogan 's [ r\u00f6hm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night_of_the_long_knives ) , except he was n't executed yet . 
  looks like a chopped off dick with a chopped off glans . 
  nice . 
   now that the continent has been turned into a meat grinder even with the recent incidents it 's far from that . 
  all this is is a return to normal life , all things considered . 
  it could n't always be as perfect as it was the last few decades . 
  now the middle east , that 's a meat grinder . 
  the internet has ruined me . 
  before i read the full title i thought this was some meme post . 
  that detail was never on my mind and is completely irrelevant to the point . 
  the answer is obviously no anyway . 
  religious people are funny . 
  they claim all the human rights for themselves , but not for those subject to their holy rituals . 
  taunting and boasting is his true trade . 
  if it 's the one where he joked that `` he thought he was having a bad day '' , he sure did . 
  it 's per week . 
  if it remains like that , it ammounts to 17000 a year . 
  people do n't even understand that europe is frankly speaking just a geographical/culutural region within asia . 
  it 's in the article . 
  to be fair , it 's quite unlikely that our birth rate is going to plummet to nothingness at any point in time . 
  it will probably stagnate at some point . 
  births may already `` future stagnate '' , in so far as those women who would 've ordinarily already given birth will just give birth later after they had at least a little taste of career and independence , thereby causing a short-term drop in current birth rates but a short-term rise in future birth rates . 
  competent enough to weasel his sorry ass out of responsibility or his own actions . 
  there are people who commited suicides over far less important blunders , and all he can find in himself to do is laugh it all away in front of his peers . 
  i felt sorry for him slipping up badly before , but now all i feel is utter scorn . 
  seeing cameron 's live speech two days ago was just disgusting . 
  he was joking and spreading the old and stale `` oh but we 'll obviously still have all the free market jazz '' lie without so much as sweating a drop , it should 've been political satire . 
  just like they vilified the eu before . 
  anything that gives them sold units . 
  i would n't say it 's wrong to vilify the brexit leadership though ... 
  it 's always like that .
