  it 's more likely that this is an is ploy than this being normal syrian / north african behaviour . 
  not saying it 's either , it could be more complicated . 
  but if it was either , it 'd probably rather be an is ploy . 
  well now that 's a thought out argument that i 'll have to consider . 
  well , they were already acquaintances unless the article was just extremely lacking in accuracy about it . 
  sure you should improve it where you can ( like putting airbags in cars ) , but in some situations you really ca ' t without opening yourself to other problems . 
  i wan na see you make the germans get babies . 
  didn ' even try ... nex time at least try to pull out some fake statistics from your ass . 
  generally wonder without a clear underlying assumption . 
  just kinda makes you wan na do the science so you can figure out why these people act like complete morons . 
  it 's not like we do n't accept immigrants from elsewhere ... germany actively encourages young spainiards to come over here , and if they wanted to there 'd be absolutely no trouble due to eu laws . 
  but i guess for some strange reason spanish people are happier about living in spain that syrians are about living in syria , even with poverty . 
  and i 'd just like to note that those other mediterranean countries you mentioned do n't have a better reputation around here as far as treatment of women is concerned . 
  especially italy , lol !, 
  teaching your children to not visit acquaintances because they could be rapists should definitely not be standard . 
  that breeds a very unhealthy society . 
  i 'd rather have a handful of rapes more per year than the inevidateble outcome of that . 
  well of course it can be surmised like that . 
  the world is a dangerous place , and you can only protect yourself without severely inhibiting yourself so far . 
  how often do you think about that you could get smahed to pieces in a car accident when going to work ? 
  it 's not feasible to completely avoid that risk without exposing yourself to other risks . 
  that 's simply how life is . 
  it sucks but it 's how things work . 
  tbh we are probably doing a service o the women of syria by letting their no-good selfish husbans in here , lol . 
  then they 'll rebuild syria with their own sweat and when their husbands come back and reclaim it they 'll be like `` hell naw , this is my house now ! '' . 
  i mean it 's not implausible . 
  however it should be noted that according to some un document the ammout of men among refugees isactually not bigger than the ammount of women . 
  maybe they just get out more due to cultural reasons . 
  this is all pure conjecture honestly . 
  because we do n't have a million of those running up our door . 
  did n't work so far . 
  no idea why . 
  interesting that they were all fresh refugees and ripped apart their documentation that allows them to be treated as well as they demand . 
  it really makes you wonder . 
  germany needing young people because the aging population will puta huge strain on the nationalised healthcare fund is pretty much the only reason . 
  it 's not something i disagree with , because i can see the alternative being having to support twice as many elders with the same money as my parents did , and this just wo n't work . 
  it 's not a `` ooh let 's have even more money ! '', 
  it 's a `` if we do n't do this we are fucked soo hard '' thing . 
  there 's no curfew in germany . 
  private family curfews are generally not enforced by the parents on nye , and visiting friends for parties is nomal during nye , when i was a youth i used to meet a friend two towns apart for lan parties . 
  and really , they 're not 6 year old anymore . 
  in jsut 3-4 years they 'll be legally flly fledged adults who can vote , go to work , move itno their own appartment , open a business etc. 
  it 's not unreasonable to relax restrictions , you ca n't just suddenly transform into an adult like in sims , you need to grow into one . 
  sometimes shit happens , but that 's how life works . 
  a fence is not an effective solution . 
  not unless you set up shitloads of lethal boobytraps and lots of guards along its whole length ... 
  yeah , chances are if they 're intoxicated , they 're not really devout muslims . 
  some of them probably learned it in school . 
  some actually lived in germany earlier , like that one woman who was on spiegeltv a few months ago . 
  yea i had two classmates whose families where from morocco in middle school . 
  and chances are if they 're north african ... they 're not really from syria . 
  i mean ... syria is not in north africa . 
  the nsdap would be so proud . 
  but how long will this take ? 
  if this is the real purpose of their policymaking , then even the republicans would be ashamed of their shortsighted hand-to-mouth politics . 
  i think you got the wrong person ... and i honestly do n't see how this made it more similar to the bundesverfassungsgericht . 
  the whole organisation is completely different . 
  but looking at it more closely , the change that more judges need to be present to reach a verdict is very sensible . 
  9 out of 15 is just far too little and very easily exploitable . 
  maybe they are n't as horrible as their name suggests . 
  holy roman empire of polish nation, 
  it 's on the same level as the original request and a perfectly valid response . 
  if you do n't want anything to do with the eu , just fuck off . 
  sure it 's a bit simplistic and the generally hostile demeanour probably does n't help to preserve cohesion , but ignoring the diplomatic and political details , it 's a perfectly true response . 
  they are literally called law and justice party ? 
  you just know they 're going to bend the law as hard as possible . 
  makes me wonder if our arms trading is really such a huge deal if a tiny country like the netherlands apparently manages to be our top customer . 
  what 's worse ... the bikes will grind german traffic to a standstill . 
  do n't you remember ? 
  it 's when she threw down all those big businesses and gave them to the common man instead . 
  like ... 8 years ago ? 
  it was a glorious moment . 
  u/anarchisto appears to be quite right . 
   merkel entered politics in the wake of the revolutions of 1989 , briefly serving as a deputy spokesperson for the first democratically elected east german government in 1990 . 
  following german reunification in 1990 , she was elected to the bundestag for stralsund-nordvorpommern-r\u00fcgen in the state of mecklenburg-vorpommern , a seat she has held ever since . 
  it 's probably related to that . 
  what ? 
  why are you asking me ? 
  this is standard around the world . 
  it has nothing to do with nationalism . 
  it 's just a way to identify with the nation you grew up in , where you live with your family , whose laws you follow and taxes you pay . 
  it 's just about home . 
  a regular direct vote . 
  like now , except without the electoral college . 
  no , the electoral college is why trump won . 
  going by popular vote cllinton would 've been the winner . 
  but i suppose that 's why they got strong enough to turn some swing states red ... 
  the majority of voters chose clinton . 
  trump only won because of the electoral college . 
  he would have lost if it was n't for them , even if only by a tiny margin . 
  let 's see him reaffirm has stance that the electoral college is a disgrace to democracy . 
  ah , jsut kidding , we wo n't see that . 
  and on that note trump primarily made gains with undereducated whites from the midwest who had nothing to do with the things he scared them about . 
  the same infantilising scaremongering tactic targeting the same igorant adult infants as in the brexit election . 
  i think that attempt at an insult fell flat on its face . 
  i agree alcohol abuse is a bane , but alcoholic beverages have nutritional value and positive health effects in small doses whether they like it or not . 
  but reading the article i can get behind their reasoning from a purely rule-abiding pov , though the argumentative basis is n't factually sound at all . 
  ah thanks !, 
  haha , lol !, 
  world war ii and german atrocities are probably the biggest topic in history in school .
