  you start to realy notice it when you move to a different city more than 2 car-hours further north and they still speak almost the same as you do , including the frisian classmate . 
  there was only a slight difference in intonation and one or two words were used differently than i was used to . 
  dialects are generally rare and weakly developed , that 's just because people are outgrowing them . 
  that 's actually a good idea . 
  if a dog grew up with cats or cats grow up with them , they considr them part of the herd/family/pack / whatever and get along excellently , even if they hunt other cats . 
  but of course dogs need maintenance . 
  exif data of pictures , unless modified , generally includes gps data . 
  combining this data ( * you could just go to the places , but it 's useful for the pictures where you ca n't recognise a specific landmark * ) and prolonged observation of the route she 's taken would enable you to single her out eventually . 
  but of course that 's only something a secret service or a pre-existing technologically well-educated and - equipped stalker could do effectively , so it 's not an issue . 
  the only germans i know who sit while showering are elderly people and my mum 's partner who is weak from copd , lung cancer , and treatment . 
  i normally love winter , but what i really hate is the sun being so damn low . 
  just now on my way home i could n't see shit because i was basically looking right into it . 
  it 's pretty scary if you 're a bicyclist riding down the side of the main arterial . 
  obviously it 's konsum , how else would you call it !, 
  greece only shrank by about 2 % ? 
  with all the country 's gone through ? 
  i guess gdp is a really poor indicator for the general economic situation of the population then . 
  edit : oh wait , it 's average per year . 
  nevermind . 
  sad . 
  we really are n't . 
  i am an oddity , probably among the top five percent of perverts , lol . 
  but ymmv , i do n't know by which standards you judge germans to be naughty . 
  it 's probably stengthened by reporting or confirmation bias . 
  pretty misleading . 
  scotland 's loss !, 
  jizz goes for good money at the sperm bank . 
  so , basically , the graph is misleading to the maximum degree at which it does n't yet turn into the falsehood singularity . 
  just because you were n't a country when they could 've !, 
  europe is about as much a continent as the us west coast or india . 
  europe is considered a continent by convention , not by consistent criteria . 
  it happens i guess . 
  too many redheads to be like lithuania . 
  well it 's definitely not a continent in any meaningful way . 
  the question is trying to ascertain the strength of european identity among respondents . 
  i 'm not sure to what end , it 's about as vague as you can get . 
  ethnicity is based on cultural identity/mannerism , language , and to some extend phenotype/biological heritage . 
  all of those are real and tangible , even if some of it is abstract . 
  also , you should calm down . 
  there 's no need to be this passionate about an internet discussion about the nature of nationality . 
  also ireland . 
   i do n't live in asia truthfully you do though . 
  oh right !, 
  thanks fo rrminding me . 
  yeah , they slammed libertarianism pretty well in that one , lol . 
  [ get down and party !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn7flndg3xi ), 
  south park is libertarian ? 
  news to me . 
  wow , that second one is pretty tough . 
  the image is too small and low quality for the font and letter size . 
  also , i do n't understand what the choice and positioning of the herbs signify . 
  lots of home remedy nonsense too . 
  real herb uses : taste . 
  i like the underlying idea , but the execution is reactionary and poorly thought out . 
  the coarse resolution probably dies give a wrong idea about the high murder rate being spread evenly , but it wo n't change much about the general fact that violent crime is a much bigger issue in the us . 
  the fact that there are extreme murder hotspots that could skew the presentation so drastically at all is in itself telling . 
  texas is like france in size , but not in population . 
  the whole of europe has a population of 500 million , as opposed to the us ' 300 million , with a nearly identical area . 
  it should n't change much anyway , the data should be normalised to murders per x number of persons , evne if they did n't include the denominator for some stupid reason . 
  if you have five states with 3 murders per 100.000 inhabitants and put them together , the average will still be 3 per 100.000 inhabitants . 
  a finer resolution only serves to find hotspots , it does n't change the overall rate . 
  it would be nice to see how evenly or unevely murder is spread among the us though . 
  that 's just the balkans . 
  might 've been depressed and hoped for suicide-by-hunter ( and by hunter i mean any human pointing a weird round thing at an animal ) . 
  looks like quake 2 to me . 
  that 's completely beside the point . 
  you were talking about general muslims ' feelings , not about the terrorists . 
  there are a couple examples of christian terrorism however , some directed at muslims . 
  recent terrorism even !, 
  pretty bloody too . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_terrorism#contemporary i am under no illusion regarding christianity . 
  i know they only behave decently because and when they are leashed to a secular , humanist world order . 
  zealots of any faith or ideology are true wolves in sheep 's clothing . 
  i 'd get insecure as a christian in a primarily muslim country too if people of my faith started shit left and right . 
  it does n't matter to me either way . 
  knowing he ca n't harm people anymore and showing others that doing harm to others means your persecution until the bitter end is all i need . 
  it 's not simpy the quran , it 's a vast number of ahadith of variable repute aswell . 
  take for example the stories of what muhammad did to some critical poets when he conquered mekka . 
  a numbe rof ahadith say he had them killed , including a little girl , but others say he spared their lives ; and the trustworthiness of either source really just depends on what the reader wants to be more trustworthy . 
  and of course there is no way to formally standardise islamic thinking with the poor regulation of imams , especially now that there are no caliphs any more and only lunatics even try to proclaim themselves such . 
  it 's really not a matter of doing right or wrong by the qur-an , many of the atrocities committed and specific sharia laws upheld by the more unsavoury parts of the islamic community stem from this uncertainty : much like many evangelical extremists believe that the disgusting atrocities committed in judges tell the tale of religious heroes , whereas it 's commonly understood to be an example of a spiral into godlessness in jewish rabbinic tradition . 
  islam is not compatible with contemporary western european culture . 
  but niehter is christianity . 
  the trick is bending them to our needs . 
  we did it with christianity , we do it with islam . 
  it 's already happening all the time . 
  these refugees are not the first muslim immigrants into our lands , and they wo n't be the first to adapt either . 
  people have started eating pork and drinking alcohol before them , and people will start eating pork and drinking alcohol again . 
  they reserved a special place in hell for you . 
  if it was n't divcided ethnically , it probably would 've been divided in a civil war . 
  it 's better this way . 
  if you want it undone , try to get the people of the involved nations to follow your flag out of their own will . 
  that approach works pretty well , when it does . 
  i got to play the man that one time . 
  or more accurately the baby . 
  i was a pretty manly baby though . 
  i hope the memory of living in poland during that period does not weigh you down too badly . 
  germany has all the claim to austria though !, 
  alsace is 50/50 though so we should jsut gamble about it .
