  in the blink of an eye it can turn back into the savage mode of living it was only a few hundred years ago . 
  that is why we need to control it . 
  i still prefer japanese pokemon airliners . 
  that 's the spirit . 
  the worse , the better . 
  the unisonous retardation of all of these major newspapers combined is frightening . 
  [ thanks to us there actually were tigers in africa !, 
  ] ( http://www.warrelics.eu/forum/attachments/collections-display/558929d1377366255-james-d-duncans-war-loot-mementos-intact-collection-picture-heavy-bundesarchiv_bild_101i-554-0872-35-_tunesien-_panzer_vi_-tiger_i-.jpg ), 
  the key phrase was `` if germany said that '' . 
  hrrrmm . 
  i want to say nay but i ca n't come up with a counter point right now . 
  i suppose you are right ... 
  my point is that it 's particularly disappointing from the government of a nation who went through such a catastrophe - only the culmination of thousands of years of oppression on top of that - to not find it in themselves to sympathize with others who went through something very similar for such a shallow political reason . 
  i am only going to paint israel this way when we are only talking about israel . 
  when we talk about others , i may paint them in that light . 
  i understand very well that this applied to germany too up until this week . 
  yeah . 
  and we still do n't downplay the holocaust . 
  and it still works out !, 
  i know about those letters between willy and nicky and i know he 's actually not directly responsible for wwi , as weird as it seems . 
  he was still an outrageous personality who could fly into a rage and do generally cringy things pretty fast . 
  thanks for the correction btw . 
  yeah . 
  it 's actually way too late . 
  sorry man . 
  would that put enough of a strain on israeli-azerbaidjan relationships to justify the downplaying of despicable mass-murdering ? 
  i can not imagine a realistic scenario where this would be a real problem . 
  if they use such a weak argument it basically shows that they honestly do n't give a flying fuck . 
  imagine if germany said that if they had allied with a nation who turned out to be antisemtic . 
  that is some serious `` realpolitik '' at work here . 
  wow , peres is a super dick . 
  i would be surprised if they had n't also done it on their own volition though . 
  the geramsn gave them more than enough reasons for it by eradicating whole villages , putting friends and neighbours into death and labour camps , abducting thousands of polish girls to work as slaves in germany , etc. 
  he reacts too much like a spoiled brat for that by calling back the turkish ambassador . 
  i believe he is genuinely pissed . 
  he 's a bit like kaiser wilhelm . 
  a bad hit is as good as no hit if his goal is to kill people . 
  that was kinda predictable really , lol . 
  but yeah , it might 've gone worse if he had notable experience with using the ak against unpredictably moving targets . 
  luckily there 's pretty much no way for that to happen if you 're an average austrian . 
  i 'm sure he would 've hit a lot of his targets , lol . 
  if it fit the context of the joke , yes i would . 
  again , this is a joke about a specific time period and a specific social circumstance . 
  if you made a joke about ancient germany and called me a chatti , it would be just as fine . 
  heck i would n't be too terribly upset if you called me a hun if you made a wwi joke or a kraut when it was a jokea bout wwii because i bloody understand the context of the joke , even if we as a people never identified as central asian hordes or middle european vegetables . 
  this pedantry has gotten really bloody annoying so this is my last response . 
  if you still do n't get it , your mind is a lot more childlike than mine . 
  actually it would n't be , because germany was at no point in time called france . 
  you could call me a westphalian in a joke about the napoleonic time frame however . 
  i 'm proud of our french satellite state heritage though . 
  kassel representing !, 
  you could also call me prussian in a joke about the timeframe in the aftermath of the german-german war because hesse-kassel was annexed by prussia . 
  livonia was actually used as the name for the region during the time the teutonic order reigned there . 
  that 's just the cold hard facts . 
  also just because i consciously choose when to stop being diplomatic does n't mean i 'm 17 years old . 
  no it 's not . 
  you 're just being a whiny pussy about your national identity . 
  if the culture is dead , it means its members have abandoned it . 
  if they have abandoned it , it was probably not worth sticking to . 
  i do n't give a shit what the reason it . 
  do you want me to whine about the loss of rhyming slang ? 
  i live in a region where i do n't even know of any surviving regional folk songs or traditional costumes , and we 're still doing bloody fine . 
  it matters fuck all . 
  it 's a new culture now and people live just fine with it , get over it , the world wo n't care if you do n't . 
  good lord . 
  if that 's all it took for this culture to vanish in the blink of an eye , maybe it was n't all that magnificent ? 
  well i suppose great britain is a multinational state in a way . 
  so basically it just went through the same transformation as every other accent in our modern highly-connected time . 
  i understand your general idea , which is why i think if they ge this boon , others measurements should be reduced by quite a bit for that exact same reason . 
  i also do n't want to pay taxpayer money to subsidise crap like uwe boll , which is why i would much prefer if instead of taxpayer 's funding they just get the chance to present their work to a wider audience and then let those decide which ones suck and which do n't . 
  but of course in the realistic scenario that it 's just going to be stacked on top of the monetary support it sucks ass . 
  that 's a historical name for he region and in this context entirely correct and therefore appropriate . 
  oh yeah , that makes sense . 
  i do n't mind the general idea , you can well argue that it provides a counterweight to the incredible monetary reserve the american film industry has acess to thanks to a domestic market of 300 million people and thus aid fair competition . 
  leave out the bloody tax though !, 
  if they get the boon of being publicised for free on big platforms like netflix , they should not as easily receive direct funding provided for by the taxpayers for making their films . 
  all of these protective measures together are sure to disincentivise hard work to provide the best product possible . 
   shitty crime dramas i love the ones that shoehorn some social moral lesson into it once in a while , especially when it happens as an unbelievable , cliched monologue of the main actor . 
  my dear , dear tatort ... swedish crime series kick fucking ass though . 
   france  unwatchable crap in the name of the lord , i command thee satan to leave this body alone and retreat back to the fires of hell !, 
  i do n't get how cockney culture is beig displaced if it 's still there . 
  i guess it 'll get superficially influenced by the immigrant population , but are n't we all happy about e.g. 
  rome 's heritage in europe in retrospect ? 
  ok , hopefully the east end immigrants wo n't start to shed the blood of the native population to take over their homes , but somehow i have a feeling they wo n't . 
  and if some cultures die out , that 's how it is . 
  these things happen . 
  most old cultures are long gone by now . 
  we sure as hell do n't have a chatti culture in hesse , and luckily we have gone beyond the religious extremist culture of reformatory hesse too . 
  they do n't even speak the same languages . 
  through the last year i had several indian roommates and they all talked english with each other because none of them knew each other 's languages . 
  who cares how homogenous the other countries are ? 
  how is that relevant to anyone ? 
  it 's not the emigrants fault that either 1 : the government is a piece of xenophobic , nationalist shit or 2 : life in that country just sucks so much that no one in their right mind would go there if they did n't have to or 3 : it 's already so overpopulated that a few million immigrants have little effect on the percentage . 
  for fun , try to calculate the number of non-han people in china if 98 % of the 2-3 billion inhabitants are han . 
  the real problem are tourists anyway , lol . 
  hmm right . 
  the metallers probably fled from the east roman empire like everyone else when the ottomans destroyed it . 
  it makes sense !, 
  yeah it was a joke . 
  sure , why not ?
