  they 're gambling , and the dice have finally fallen . 
  `` poisoning the environment '' big talk coming from the land of automobiles . 
  vw 's lies were probably responsible for something like 0.00001 % of us emissions , if even . 
  their behaviour was unethical , but withholding taxes from governments that need the money to fund a stable , healthy society is quite a lot worse . 
   europe has been economically hostile to the us for far too long . 
  you mean it 's been competing . 
  sorry , that 's a part of the cake . 
  eat it or leave it . 
  i 'd much , much prefer stagnation over a really bad war , but i would n't mind the ocassional crisis , even if it means i get to be hungry for a year or so . 
  what 's he obsessed about ? 
  what indicates to you that he does n't have a hobby ? 
   well that 's how it 's looks from here in the uk . 
  just like it `` looks like '' from the uk that the eu is the black hole of bureacracy . 
  not if it 's progressive . 
  but the inheritance tax cut does n't seem to be of a lot of use to the super rich and is combined in a mix of measurements that should make it easier for lower middle income households to buy their own home . 
  it does not seem to do anything to help the poorest though . 
  i think vikernes has a much more notorious reputation than fenriz though . 
  just saying . 
  fb 's moderating system is positively retarded . 
  [ come on man , that rhetoric is as old as our grandmas . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ), 
  smoking is a serious health concern that leads to significantly reduced average life expectancy , so , hmm , not really . 
  wow . 
  i really do n't follow the peeps in this subreddit . 
  how about integrating them into the workforce . 
  more jobs -  more consumers -  more growth -  more jobs . 
  and the more of our customers are competing on the same level with us instead of being able to undercut us with relatively lower costs at their original home , the better . 
  and the ones that return have fond memories of the nations that kept them safe and like to buy their products and increase the reputation of our nations and products internationally . 
  more commerce -  more money !, 
  yay !, 
  ok , you go build and man a border that effectively keeps illegal migration at nearly null , without having super high investment and upkeep costs and also seriously impeding international commerce ( * hint : that 's what makes cash flow and allows you to enjoy the luxuries you do today , such as using an electronic device to browse the internet * ) . 
  you think you can do it better than the gdr ? 
  their system was probably the best implementation and people still managed to run away and it did n't really help the comatose economy either , lol . 
  oh ok . well they 're going to have to decide eventually . 
  effective , trustworthy threat management or not ? 
  none at all , because the measurements to effectively enforce that are cost-prohibitive . 
  do they think making them walk an hour more will keep immigrants from the other side of the world away ? 
  this is a prime example of squandering taxpayers ' money . 
  the utter idiocy is astounding . 
  what ? 
   ... ] choose the option which leads to less blood . 
  send down well-trained , well-armed troops with guaranteed allegiance . 
  i would much , much rather see our own troops sent down south . 
  if there 's one lesson the middle east/central asia should 've taught everyone by now , it 's to not supply situational allies with your own weapons . 
  there is a difference in the magnitude of the human suffering being carricaturised and in the existence or lack of a meaningful message . 
  also in the sheer laziness of the drawing style , lol . 
  yeah well , satire pieces about islam/islamism generally have a point , a political message to get across . 
  this is just making fun of death . 
  it 's not even remotely comparable to a drawing of muhammad as a challenge to islamic dogma . 
  the ones at the top of the google image search are not even close . 
  there 's zero political message behind this too . 
  it 's not like picking a subject and satirising it to make you think , it 's just crudely poking fun at human tragedy . 
  there is no sense to it . 
  it 's just `` hurr hurr italians died in an earthquake . '', 
  that 's the sort of savage message i expect from world war i propaganda pieces . 
  looks like you forgot the myriad of health problems associated with some specialty breeds . 
  heck it does n't need to be a spcialty breed , america did a good job of fucking up german shepherds ' backs with their retarded aesthetic ideals . 
  and yeah , that 's actually 100 % hit and miss/trial and error . 
  it takes alot of time to weed out the undesirable results and breed a new race that satisfies your demands . 
  how do you think we will be able to do that with humans ? 
  we ca n't just throw the undesirabel portion out and then decide who gets to mate with whom , and you never know if they do n't have a hidden trait that 'll only reveal itself a few decades or generations in . 
  it 's a shitty method compared to what we could achieve with genetic engineering , if what you truly want is evolutionary progress of the human species , instead of just shitting on people you feel superior to . 
  there are some weirdos in germany . 
  please acceprt my apology on behalf of the german people . 
  we have to put up with their weirdnes too , if that helps . 
  it works excellently . 
  it 's gone so far that we evolved such great brains that there 's a real chance that we will very probably eradicate most hereditary disease factors within the next one or two centuries . 
  even more people to be productive , fit members of society , with no costs incurred , and all the costs of funeral and grief etc. 
  eliminated . 
  we 'll take evolution in our own hands . 
  or you can take the primitive natural route where we ca n't control anything and remain dumb animals who eventually succumb to their dumb animal ways and die out because we remained unfit to battle nature and got ourselves stuck on a dying planet . 
  i mostly agree with your sentiment , but do you really think the sort of extremist who blows himself up gives a shit about his sister ? 
  he 'd stone her to death or throw acid in her face in a heartbeat if she did anything wrong . 
   twenty-five percent of respondents said the most pressing topic was domestic security and the fight against terrorism , just 12 percent view migrant integration as a priority . 
  that 's what they call counter-productive . 
  we 're talking about thousands of jobs in finance in london . 
  that 's a lot of tax money and a lot of money that in turn pours into the surrounding infrastructure and services . 
  already a week after the result there were several hundred reactions , probably also thousands now , to that small romanian ad campaign alone , and there are other countries where british entrepreneurs feel drawn to as well . 
  as of now it 's only a sign of interest , but there 's a great risk involved with going through . 
  considering that a brexit really does n't do any good , it should really just be dropped . 
  this is not one of those things which you `` just try out for a bit and see where it goes '' . 
  it 's a huge step . 
  it 's not worth the risk . 
  projections are sometimes wrong . 
  because there 's nothing to gain ( a fake feeling of sovereignty does n't count ) , and a lot to lose . 
  companies are already starting to get cold feet , looking for a way to moving jobs out of the uk . 
  even a relative shithole like romania gets flooded with inquiries by concerned british entrepreneurs . 
  basically it boils down to what they consider more important : the well-being of the uk or the well-being of their political career . 
  and their political career would be ruined either way , because if brexit happens and inevitably runs into a whle lot of troubles , the voterbase is going to blame the politicians and send them to hell like they always do . 
  why do you think the brexit leaders all jumped ship ? 
  they 're pissing their pants is why . 
  they would also be batshit insane to go through with it , so ... 
  not helpful and has n't been funny for a few years now . 
  which country is that ? 
  you voted on a legally non-binding referendum , and your government did n't even do anything about it yet . 
  you 'll have to put up with being a member for a few more months at least , if it ever goes through . 
  quite interesting , thanks . 
  ooooooh !, 
  what are those stone towers for ? 
  storage or production of food ?
