  cgi and sfx are really on such a high level that it allows an absolutely seamless experience without breaking suspens eof disbelief in the slightest . 
  i understand `` graphics are n't everything '' , but it 's a fact we are drawn to great beauty , and that includes great beauty in film-making . 
  ftfy, 
   it 's arguably the only real development in art in recent times . 
  cinematography is actually a thing . 
  he was a driving force behind prolonging the war to thirty years just for power politics , i do n't see how he 's not a big bad . 
  i could n't have thought of a better example for big bad . 
  my sister is violently leftist - at least as far as she can be classified - and she 's an antivaxxer . 
  for her , it 's the big pharma angle . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's pragmatic . 
  you have to take what you can get . 
  it 's not my fault humans are faulty . 
  yes , that was what i meant . 
  you put it more eloquently . 
   on a larger scale that 's * exactly * the point . 
  more cooperation , less competition . 
  nationalism is only just a stepping stone . 
  so is the eu with any luck , in the long run . 
  it 'll have to be demonstrated how that would be a bad thing . 
  to the american white supremacist who got his answer deleted before i could respond :  did not expect to see some us white supremaicst revisionist drivel . 
  you think your politics have spun out of control ? 
  what about the politics of nation states ? 
  did they not `` spin out of control '' ? 
  was the failure of the nation states to uphold their own system not painfully obvious 72 years ago , and 27 years before that ? 
  you could n't fail in a more spectacular way ; except by forgetting all about that failure and embracing the old system anew . 
    nationalism in this day and age is the political equivalent to antivaxxers . 
  that decision is up to eu leadership . 
  actually you can . 
  tariffs do n't stop you from buying and selling goods in europe . 
  deepening the eu is about the most important thing right now , so i 'm happy with that . 
  expansion without consolidation is a bad strategy in the long term . 
  i mean , that 's the whole reason greece faltered back in '08 to begin with . 
  hard to believe it 's been 9 years now . 
  i kinda like the idea to be honest . 
  should go a long way helping to curb populist law-making , and the eu already has enough problems with that , see gmos . 
  i am interested to see what a system where the will of the people works as a veto rather than the basis of government will lead to in a long run anyway . 
  make 1/3 more money , but spend 2/3 more on healtcare . 
  so basically make the same money , more or less . 
  the real sideshow bob . 
  minimally different wording and the same essence . 
  if anything ths goes to show that at least 5 percent of people did n't really put a lot of thought into answering these questions . 
  it says 11 % disagree with staying in the eu , but 16 % agree with leaving the eu . 
  how long has that been now ? 
  10 years ? 
  the political landscape and available information ahve changed drastically . 
  also , 10 years of old voters died off , while 10 years of new voters grew into adulthood . 
   it found that 88 % of irish people agree that ireland should stay in the eu , with 11 % disagreeing . 
   just 16 % believe that ireland should follow the uk out of the european unio what ? 
  thanks . 
  an israeli research team recently found that you could effectily combat extremist thought by agreeing with them but taking it one step further to an absurd logical conclusion . 
  full study : http://www.pnas.org/content/111/30/10996.full.pdf, 
   they even link articles that directly contradict them this is a regular occurence with mentally disturbed alt truthers . 
  i 've seen this before regarding gmos . 
  well , that one was . 
  oh , yeah ... well , they 're great * relatively speaking * i guess ... 
  i always forget that regular people can turn into monsters so easily . 
  some people have severe self-consciousness issues . 
  men compensate with cars or cigarettes , women tend to compensate by obsessing over their looks . 
  just look at some nivea adverts - particularly the south american one with the `` ugly '' and `` pretty '' entrances - to see just how common it is and how normal the exploitation of this effect . 
  i mean , they even manage to spin it in a way that their customers think they 're being empowered by nivea , like it 's some religious sect . 
  but yeah , i do n't know how much anorexic models directly play into that . 
  i definitely do n't see many in commercials , those tend to be `` just '' slim and fit . 
  i have a feeling the ones inspired by those catwalk models were obsessed with low weight before they got interested in such a special market to begin with . 
  in the month of mayo . 
  does n't macron still support stronger nationstates within the eu ? 
  or was that melenchon ? 
  romam ingenti itervm if google translate was right . 
  afghan refugees are great . 
  have n't met a bad one yet . 
  i do n't remember them standing out in national crime statistics either . 
   has n't his political power gotten stronger not worse ? 
  that 's the reason . 
  he does n't need to play the game of politics anymore . 
  he 's got this now . 
  it 's not the biggest fish in the pond , but but that does n't mean you should just let it happen . 
  no one needs to enter a building to shut it off from outside . 
  you just need a big enough kessel . 
  that 's a small price to pay for refusing to give in to their attempt to relegalise government-sanctioned murder . 
  that 's decades ago and they 've had kids and grandkids since . 
  iirc only 14 % of turks in germany even voted at all . 
  please do n't be so quick to judge them from narrow media exposure . 
  the vocal minority is never representative of the whole . 
  it 's the same with any successful selfmade dictators . 
  he 's just next in line . 
  let 's hope he wo n't make it . 
  nassau is a place in germany . 
  the nassau-portion of the name came from a german line of aristocracy which traces its origin to that place . 
  no i do n't think that would 've happened . 
  you already identified it as a struggle of `` french '' culture against `` muslim '' culture . 
  do you think conservative/xenophobic french would feel more at ease with the same image of muslim culture in their mind if muslims were predominantly white ? 
  i do n't believe so , and there is no good cause to believe so . 
  6 months, 
   we ca n't get rid of him with an election , only with a revolution , but that will never happen in hungary , when the younger generation can simply leave and work in more progressive western european countries . 
  i 'm sorry to say this , but you basically just provided an argument in favour of kicking out hungary . 
  or in favour of strengthening the political power of the eu over its member states , which i personally prefer to yet another civil war . 
  so you think the ban would not have come about if the persons behind burqas were commonly understood to be fair-skinned ? 
  i know . 
  but it 's poor usage of language that muddies the waters , most likely purposefully . 
  race and minority are not interchangeable .
