  no change from previous generations really . 
  the linked video is stolen . 
  the link to the original vid is here , if you care about giving the views to the one who did the hard work . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wovey1tc7nk it 's also in the yt comments of op 's vid . 
  could be a coincidence , could be related . 
  nothing points to a conspiracy with any certainty , so i 'll pass for now . 
  yeah it 's a fine memento regardless . 
  i guess it 's like eiffeltower minatures . 
  just wish the marketing was more sincere . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah but there were a lot of marble sized chunks sold as wall pieces over the years , and i 'm sure construction crews cleaned up after making a mess when they initially tore down most of the wall . 
  the fact is at any rate that a lot of the pieces for sale are not of the original wall . 
  those chunks are most likely fakes , and good thing they are . 
  there would be nothing left standing otherwise . 
  yep , history is repeating itself . 
  a populist right wing movement is gaining traction and will eventually fail when people realise they had nothing to fear after all . 
  this is not the first time this happened , people were fearing a return to nazi germany when the npd first gained traction in the 1960s . 
  look how that turned out . 
  the afd has reached nowhere near critical mass . 
  yep . 
  what i came across mentioned rome reaching an apex of about a million inhabitants at one point . 
  does the source have a source ? 
  i will disbelief the claims of early population hovering above 1 million for centuries and reaching 1.5 million at one point unless i see strong evidence for it . 
  i do n't consider a graph that looks like it could 've been made with ms paint from a twitter account of an economics professor as a valid source . 
  maybe they are ignoring that to get a good overview of how multilingual the various curriculae are . 
  you will see a footnote explaining the situation for luxembourg too . 
  it 's being acknowledged . 
  kein problem !, 
  google translate sagt `` nagut , okay '' . 
  it 's not racist , lol . 
  do n't worry . 
  they do n't . 
  they are not persons . 
  neither legally , unless you make it so , or factually , in the sense of conscious individuals . 
  they are no more persons than a banana is . 
  it 's at most `` proto-human '' . 
  at that stage it 's not evne clear if it will be one or two or three or two fused into one or nothing because the body cancels pregnancy and either calcifies the baby or just lets it die . 
  history does n't even remotely factor into this . 
  which factor makes a human embryo a person that does not apply to any other lifeform ? 
  you may not believe in a god if you speak the truth , but your view of the world , at least in regards to personhood , is as incongruent with reality as believing in judeo-christian mythology . 
  it being an ethical concept does not mean that it can be decided arbitarily if you want this decision to be the basis for societal regulations taht affect everyone . 
  it needs to be founded in good reason . 
  ascribing any value to an embryo , perhaps even an early fetus , based on vague ethical consideration of waht personhood is , * in so far as to elevate it above the needs of the potential parents who are much more tangibly and thoroughly affected with personhood * , is not a consistent position . 
  so if i get this right , personhood is not a factor , and just being an organism is . 
  what makes processing plants into ressources and food any better than aborting an embryo ? 
  i 'm 100 % sure that you are just coming up with strenuous arguments that do not work in conjunction with each other to create a cogent image of the world , just to create a farce of reason to support an extremist christian worldview . 
  the discussions about how the universe is built up is very ancient too . 
  i was not talking about discussion , i was talking about solid evidence sufficient to acquire an idea that is relatively close to reality . 
  so aborting embryos is still ok , yes ? 
  they are by no means truly organisms . 
  you mean when people begun to get a very rough idea of what happens in the womb , centuries before they got a rough idea about what personhood really is . 
  yeah sure , alcoholism does n't involve other people . 
  except the people who die or get injured in alcohol-related accidents and crime . 
  you know the ones , those who have their brains splattered all over the asphalt because a drunk driver crashed into them , or who are beaten black and blue from top to bottom because their assailant is a disgusting animal . 
  people have risked lives for abortions before , you think a little jailtime would deter them ? 
  wot that 's sweet . 
  i do n't recall . 
  it was long before i even owned a smartphone . 
  i 've only been part of the club for a few months now . 
  i use opensuse and the only time i truly need the terminal is when i want to chmod an . sh file . 
  every setting a consumer might need has a graphical frontend really . 
  sms do n't allow the creation of groups however . 
  aside of that you are right . 
  facebook has already acquired whatsapp . 
  this is about them breaking promises about how they are going to handle whatsapp ownership . 
  what ? 
  but whatsapp is end-to-end encrypted . 
  oh i see , this is about contact data and ads . 
  nothing too insidious in my book , but still a disappointment . 
  hmm . 
  i underestimated the severity of the fraud . 
  i thought the difference to the real values was relatively marginal . 
  i should 've followed the news closely . 
  sorry for that blunder . 
  i 'm not confident that this compares to the lives lost and damage caused by the combined effects of lacking funds for all the things governments provide for , but it 's serious enough to not make light of . 
  the position affects the person more than the person affects the position . 
  i think churchill said it one . 
  you can also see it very well with [ c. everett koop . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/c._everett_koop ) probably the best and most extraordinary example . 
  though maybe it was helmut schmidt , i really do n't remember too well . 
  no , i think schmidt was just paraphrasing churchill . 
  hmmm . 
  all judgements are retroactive . 
  this is how the execution of law works . 
  this is a relatively crass counter example , but if i pronounce a serial murderer 20 years after the fact because the case has been brought to renewed attention and was closed successfully because of new clues , * more dilligent police work * , or better technology , would you call the ruling arbitrary and retroactive ? 
  inconsistent certainly , but people ca n't do everything at once , and not all people care about the same issues in equal proportions . 
  which is why the relevant treaties are being addressed now . 
  yes , but that involved our grandfathers . 
  the world is not the same anymore , in any regard . 
  europe ha stood with the us for many decades now , and vice versa , and we profited well off each other . 
  there are no dues to be paid back , only further profit to gain from continued collaboration . 
  sometimes even good friends have a big fight though , and that 's ok . 
  sometimes friends forget there are boundaries when people get very close and need to be put in their place . 
  now it 's europe 's time , in some point in the future it will be the us 's time . 
   the us threatened renault and psa to leave iran so the monroe doctrine extends to the middle east now , huh ? 
  life as the only superpower must be nice . 
  is there some material on this you may be willing to share ? 
  the deal was already illegal . 
  that the eu took their sweet time to react to that does n't change that . 
  these people know what they are getting themselves into when signing risky grey-area treaties like this .
