  it does n't concern me to see a sudden surge in the number of headscarf-wearing arab ladies . 
  that would change nothing . 
  we need to stop this petty tribalism in europe . 
  you mean some people are lunatics ? 
  no , i did not mean them . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'll find at least one other family who shares their cultural background . 
  aside of that ... they 're just gon na have to live with living with foreigners in a foreign country . 
  that 's just simply a part of it . 
  1 : political reform 2 : political reform 3 : that 's temporary . 
  suck it up . 
  they 're fleeing from a devastated country . 
  i 'm actually very surprised . 
  what makes you think they are low-skill workers ? 
  they are from all strata of society . 
  it 's really just increasing the domestic market . 
  we 're already internationally competing with low-wage countries anyway , and i 'd really like to know how unions will be destroyed , at least in germany , if becoming a union member is mandatory in major businesses like vw , i.e. 
  those who actually would lay off people if they could . 
  public healthcare wo n't be overburdened if we receive immigrants and their kids who will all contribute to the economy , if only they are allowed to work . 
  it will however be ruined if we continue to shut ourselfes off to the outside and let the demographics do its thing . 
  load of bullshit . 
  the separatists purposefully caused the war themselves , and there 's never an excuse for threatening the whole world with its eventual demise . 
  people in other war scenarios did n't think of destroying the whole world if their demands were n't met either , because they 're not fucking crazy . 
  she 's just a little pos . 
  and i 'm wondering what the deal is with you white knighting her . 
  and on a sidenote i am sure the vast majority of eastern ukranians , whether they are separatist or not , does not agree with her particular notion . 
  maybe i 'm too optimistic but i do believe most people are not that far driven off into raving mad lunacy . 
  i know some people who are quite upset with the situation . 
  they 're not angry at the refugees , but they 're angry at the politicians for how it 's handled , especially in light of ever-decreasing real wages of lower income groups . 
  this is a general problem with how asylum is dealt with though . 
  i personally really look forward to it , it 's only going to be a boon in the long run . 
  either they stay here and contribute or when they get home they spread the good name and influence of germany/europe in their homecountry . 
  though i do n't see how this will be possible without erecting some rushed slums and putting them in derelict warehouses in the short term . 
  in atown nearby some syrian refugees were actually holed up in an old tank hall of the decommisioned military barracks . 
  when i biked there a few days later there was no one though . 
  maybe they use it as their masjid / dining hall or something . 
  and aside all of that , i 'm glad to know that people coming from a wartorn country receive aid and the chance at starting a new life . 
  this is arguably the most important aspect . 
  :p they 're going to have to change some parameters though if they do n't want to invoke the wrath of the population , in particular the amount of financial aid received , such as sweden corrected theirs down too . 
  that person is a real extremist alright . 
  that propaganda video with the nuclear bomb threat , omg . 
  despicable . 
  i guess this makes this video very real . 
  and her very dumb for publicising it . 
  the original / int / is on krautchan btw . 
  that 's also where we got polandball from . 
  this . 
  i 'd like to share it , but i 'm not gon na do it without sufficient strong evidence . 
  well , the terribleness was suspended at least . 
  i think the first few years after stalin felt very liberating to all of the russian people . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  i may ahve lashed out too early ecause of my emotional bias . 
  but even then , they are doing it in the worst , most provocative way possible . 
  it 's like businesses doing the double irish with a dutch sandwich . 
  alright , fair point . 
  sorry for being so hostile in return . 
  reading is not the same as reading comprehension . 
  why do you give the guy shit who jokingly suggeted we should take in all the russians for free , but not those who jokingly suggested we should completely cut them off behind a wall ? 
  no , because they are a terrible regime . 
  not without extreme public pressure at home . 
  they stuck with south vietnam for nearly 20 years . 
  and honestly vietnam is a different animal as an internal civil war , than a case of russia , their longstanding bitter enemy for about half a century , invading a nato/eu country . 
  but ... if we convince the russians to emigrate to europe or elsewhere in the world , russia would lose all its manpower and become the pathetic little shithole it deserves to be . 
  russia does n't respect the rule of law , they only respect the rule of putin . 
  primitives . 
  i honestly never heard of the alternative names allegedly used in germany . 
  it must be used very sparingly or very locally . 
  yeah , there 's nothing to discuss . 
  you 're talking yourself into being prosecuted by the evil capitalist elite come hell or high water . 
  ttip is like the monsanto of international treaties i guess . 
  they 're just grasping at straws to stick with their `` ttip is a secret ploy by the elite to destroy us '' conspiracy . 
  it does n't make sense , and it 's not supposed to . 
  it 's supposed to be right , no matter what !, 
  most interestingly , when eurobarometer polls show majority support for the eu , then those same people who decry the eu for being undemocratic now decry the voting population as primarily composed of clueless consumerist sheep . 
  lol !, 
  what about chatti , goths , angles , etc. ? 
  i am disappoint son . 
  nothing really . 
  the federal states in ther current makeup are the result of political shape-shifting after the german-german war as well as after wwii . 
  during the hundreds of years before that the german kleinstaaten were all over the place anyway . 
  the hohenzollern house is originally from swabia , to give you an idea . 
  they are the pegida sort , look at the struck through mosque and niqab on the sign to the left . 
  they 're fearful pussies protesting that no one cares about their pants being soaking wet with piss . 
  thanks mate . 
  not really . 
  segregation and genetic degeneration is not sensible and pragmatic . 
  ignoring germany 's need for fresh labour is not sensible and pragmatic . 
  one-sided fear of outsiders and misrepresenting the issue of immigrant criminality is not sensible and pragmatic . 
  turning our back on wr refugees while half of our grandparents are themselves war refugees is not pragmatic - on that note it would be a much smaller problem if other european countries shared the burden instead of shirking their responsibility . 
  and none of those are reasons why europe set itself apart . 
  the latter sentiment might well be what tears europe apart though . 
  you know very little about the german nation . 
  i identify with germany as much as you do with your country , as do many other germans . 
  only the values and achievements i respect about my country are quite different than yours . 
  very good then , i was a bit freaked out seeing railway lines seeming so underdeveloped everywhere else . 
  just because germans do n't assert their identity does n't mean they do n't have one . 
  we just generally do n't identify with petty tribalism these days . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's commenting on the reactionary traditionalism / romantic nationalism of the afd , and a little throwback to aryan times . 
  they do n't truly care if you decide to marry a german , some other european or an african . 
  the pure whiteness is just one unavoidable aspect of the whole image .
