  they 're scared of the unknown . 
  that does n't keep me from wondering if she is one of those isolated incidents . 
  interesting . 
  my ph girlfriend has an auntie who moved to the uk . 
  wonder if she was targeted yet . 
  germans are also a big group of eu immigrants . 
  yes it is . 
  one is expected to happen , in fact it is planned for , it 's the point of the whole damn mess . 
  no one is surprised when military personell die in a war . 
  shocked and dismayed yes , but after 15 years the effect is not the same anymore - especially not on the other side of the world , when none of their men were involved . 
  however a bomb tearing apart people who did n't sign up for the risk to get killed in an environment brimming with life is on a completely different psychological level for society . 
  that 's just the reality of the situation , i 'm sorry . 
  it 's a complicated decision . 
  evidently some people prever bucharest over the other cities for some reason . 
  fixed costs are not the only consideration when running or opening a business . 
  i think i could be happy in all of those places . 
  a metropolis that does n't have something for everyone is a strange place . 
   companies do n't come over here for the cuisine or the beautiful sunsets , let 's face it . 
  they do if they 're touristic companies . 
  of course lower labor costs are always a factor , but if it 's being marketed just right romanians will soon find they 're successfully exploiting the businessmen 's urge to exploit the low labor costs . 
  the publication of the bosch-haber process is a pretty huge one . 
  right , but that 's irrelevant to the meaning of the op . 
  those countries destabilised themselves really . 
  yes , even iraq . 
  that 's just the political and cultural situation in those countries . 
  all we can do is to decide to stay out of it or try to contain it . 
  because the war in afghanistan has been going on for 15 years now . 
  and the death of combatants , as tragic as it is , is something different than the bombing of civilians in the middle of a peaceful city . 
  i 'm happy with english . 
  you need to be watching more flying circus , lad . 
  haha , you wish . 
  that one at least has a witty subtext . 
  the whole message of this is : `` poco is cheap woooooo !!! '', 
  no , he actually tips his trilby , m ` gentleman . 
  islam also does n't use that term . 
  they never did - they call it jihad . 
  on that note the term `` holy war '' was in fact coined by christianity . 
  quite the oddity . 
  do n't worry , we have commercials as cheap as that in germany too . 
  it 's definitely overpriced . 
  or maybe it 's just the right price , because without the price you would n't have the confirmation of being able to drink overly expensive drinks , lol . 
   romania has about 0 problems with organized crime that 's just because the romanian organised crime is busy stealing train tracks in germany , lol . 
   chose luxembourg over [ ... ] strasbourg bad choice dude . 
  you could 've visited a miniature original reichstag . 
  let me hazard a guess : switzerland ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm saying this is not truly done to allow for more development time , but for money . 
  `` forgetting france '' is not mentioned once . 
  i never said europe does n't have tinfoil stock . 
  we have plenty . 
  marketing department weaseling their way out of an embarassing situation . 
  as a ca/sega-hardened veteran , fool me once ... 
  if it takes longer to implement the french it would take longer to release the game if this was n't just a cash-grabbing scheme . 
  first the ad campaign for red orchestra 2 , now this . 
  if we 're even going to make games about the greatest slaughters in mankind at least let them be respectable endeavours . 
  why not ? 
  serbia kicked austria 's ass 4-dimensionally in the beginning . 
  i do n't like to be a naysayer but it 's really kinda going down the shitter , huh ? 
  i 'll take variety and freedom over realistically collapsing buildings any day - especially in a game that makes no pretensions about being realistic otherwise anyway . 
  it was a continuation of the pun . 
  the right thing ca n't be * right to * say if the right thing is already * left to * say . 
  i hate this recent trend of hiding key factions behind dlcs . 
  it 's extremely poor practise . 
  that would be nothing short of an insult to germany 's army , lol . 
  not used to seeing a kindergartener as a nation leader is all . 
  not since about 100 years ago at any rate . 
  if japanese daimyos had thought like that back in meiji days it would still be a feudal shithole . 
  i 'm pretty sure what you really got ta do is establish a proper rule of law and stop that crybaby that is an embarassment to the political world . 
  acknowledging the armenian genocide might help too of course . 
  because it makes sense . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_ ( region ) #boundaries _ and_definitions, 
  it 's still absolutely misleading for several reasons . 
  1 : right now there 's fuck all chance turkey will become a member state . 
  2 : whether turkey will be a member state or not changes zilch about the situation in the levante and the resulting mass migratrion . 
  3 : it matters fuck all to britain because the proportion of syrians getting there is a drop on the hot stone . 
  and by hot stone i mean lava at the brink of reaching the smoke point . 
   ads for non-beauty products are even more manipulative wot how is that even possible ? 
  dove is about goebbels-levels of manipulative . 
  then what 's * right * to say ? 
  fight discrimination with discrimination . 
  logic wins again . 
  if she was even leaner she would not be fit anymore . 
  if we constantly pander to the weakest links of our society , we 'll soon reduce ourselves to husks of what man could have become . 
  if he had any guts he would come forward and lay the facts out about his own mismanagement and misleading campaigning plain in the open . 
  might save him some face in the long run - everyone makes mistakes after all , but not everyone owns up to them . 
  i think they were always rare tbh and we are just selectively nostalgic about a handful of strong leading personalities from wartimes , lol . 
  of course , that 's very plausible too ... and much more likely . 
  real statesmen are a needle in a haystack after all . 
  maybe he was all along trying to provoke that one big decision that ends the debate/bitching for good ? 
   it 's a bit early to paint qatar as evil morons except for the part where this shit is grounds for an arrest and could lead to an actual charge . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's pre-school . 
  could be a nationstates state . 
  do n't think so , but obviously it is of little concern to erdogan if the little tales he spins have any footing in reality . 
  i know . 
  it was an extension of his joke . 
  i have a feeling his disappointment at her `` failure '' to convince her party to vote otherwise is just supposed to be an insult against her perceived lack of authority . 
  that 's actually very interesting . 
  former greek republic of turkey, 
  do n't be silly . 
  christiniaty is only just tamed by secular humanism .
