  that only works as a retort if you believe prejudice to be the driving factor behind the choice to vote right-wing . 
  and that will have to be demonstrated . 
  especially considering that there are many prejudices on the left too , albeit mostly directed at technologies , industries and multinationals . 
  comparing insects to birds takes the cake as far as false equivalencies are concerned . 
  well okay , right after comparing plants to humans . 
  flamingos are not the last ones they 're going to kill from the sound of it . 
  nice coincidence though !, 
   rural party  urban party very straightforward . 
  huh wait . 
  seems like i was responding to the wrong user . 
  i meant to respond to the irish ballot with the coloured portraits . 
  what 's the problem with a ballot paper the size of a billboard ? 
  it 's only an inconvenience once when you 're counting the votes . 
  a small price to pay . 
   rural party very straightforward . 
  edit : answered to wrong guy . 
  i quite like the dutch voting system from what i am seeing here . 
  not really any specific literature . 
  i acquired this knowledge over time from various history sources . 
  i googled for a bit and this seems fine from the first few sentences . 
  scroll down beyond the long list of rulers . 
  https://www.britannica.com/place/byzantine-empire actually it extends far beyond what i know about it myself . 
  i meant the city byzantion . 
  i meant pre-christian roman empire times . 
  byzantium was not the real name and was later adapted out of scorn for the east roman empire . 
  yes i know . 
  ah yes , that would explain the number then . 
  that makes more sense . 
  when we say `` 6 million '' , we generally refer to only jews . 
  that 's weird . 
  i know of 6 million as the official `` that 's how many we did in , roundabout '' number . 
  10 million would be excessive and very unlikely in light of these population estimations . 
  actually , it 's pretty much impossible . 
  i just calculated the numbers for fun , and it adds up to less than 10 million . 
  so either those numbers are * completely * off the mark , or jews actually came back to europe en masse after they were very clearly shown that europeans hate their guts during wwii . 
  yeah i mean the old temples . 
  hmm right , there 's that . 
  funny how those things work . 
  that was already established yesterday evening . 
  yeah well , that 's switzerland though , it 'd be weird if it was n't expensive . 
  but i kinda expect a lahmacun in turkey to cost a * little * less than thrice the cost of a lahmacun in germany . 
  who cares about the acropolis ? 
  i want heliopolis back !, 
  no , i was thinking about castles , forests and beer . 
  out of historical resentment for wwi . 
  motivated by another stat that said the opposite , i was taking a closer look . 
  apparently germany tops the chart for nights spent in hotels etc. , but not for number of individual tourists by a couple of countries . 
  it 's a mix . 
  nationwide seppuku is the only solution . 
  do n't worry , we 'll think of you when making sveler at home . 
  obviously rothschild . 
  you mean byzantion . 
  they were from all german-controlled territories . 
  but 6 millions is not a robust number anyway , that 's just the ballpark . 
  even if it 's `` just '' 3-4 millions , it changes very little . 
  i was thinking more inland . 
  i guess it 's a bit warmer . 
  reading comprehension . 
  i said crib . 
  but now that you mention it , my great grandpa was a train operator . 
  allegedly only for passenger trains , but you never know ... 
  great job missing the point , lol . 
  were n't they secretly removed as part of a deal due to the cuba crisis ? 
   15 euros for a single lahmacun now that 's just obscene . 
  it 's beyond me how that business scheme can even work . 
  not even to istanbul ? 
  i would definitely go there . 
  that 's just like staying home , but with language barriers !, 
  and different food and music i guess . 
  eeeeh , why not !, 
  it 's actually germany itself . 
  but i do n't know if they were only talking about foreign countries . 
  you 're technically right , but to be fair this sub has no political relevance . 
  if people bitch about turkey here , it has no consequence . 
  it 's just bad when politicians act the same way . 
  hmm . 
  your comment made me look at it a bit closer . 
  i did n't realise the landlord problem and the extortion by middlemen . 
  i suppose that is a direct result of british governance . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  if that was the line of reasoning , i should be proud of both nazi germany 's fervent militarism and its crushing defeat at the hand of the allies and soviets ; otherwise i would n't have been born , because my grandma came here as an east prussian refuge with her family after the war . 
  trust me , it 's a weird feeling to know you only get to live because dozens of millions of people had to die in a manner of years due to the most gruesome war the world has ever seen , and even more had to suffer unimaginable hardship for it . 
  it 's not as easy as being proud of something because it led to your birth . 
   the whole partitioning of india being held as a bad point when it would have led to a bloody civil war with genocide and millions dying on both sides if they had n't done so shows that . 
  this might be true , but it should also be noted that it was only the british ' very self-interested policy during their early decades in india that led to india becoming such a sectarian , tribalist hotspot . 
  it was fine under the mughals . 
  i 'm sure london conspired to make the famine happen . 
  definitely their fault . 
  i was recently wondering , with hoe everyone is so devastated about the war crimes conducted in syria ( * rightfully so , of course * ) ... what about allied atrocities during wwii ? 
  my late grandma was this close to burning to death in her crib as the allies rained fire upon towns and cities . 
  churchill did much worse things than assad . 
  make no mistake , i 'm still happy they stepped back in and it was a * net * good ( * and simply necessary * ) deed , but ... it deserves to be adressed , i think . 
  that being said , the empire provided an invaluable service to the world . 
  it more or less united us under one language ; and it elevated half the world beyond its primitive tribal roots , as did the other colonial empires . 
  people like to look at the end times of the colonial empires for some reason and ignore anything beside the chauvinist racism that developed over time . 
  but there 's more to it . 
  i think that overall brits can very well be proud of their empire . 
  i 'm sure once the empire will grow more distant , people will look at it with less emotional bias and see that many good things only happened * because * of it ; just like we revere the roman empire today and trace our civilisation at least partly back to them , even in spite of its cruel militarism . 
  things are never so black and white . 
  just like wwii .
