  that 's what you get for being german secessionists !, 
  that might be preferable . 
  germany looks like ass this way . 
  no thanks !, 
  cut it off in the mid before the big lump on the right starts and we have a deal . 
  germany looks like ass this way . 
  no thanks !, 
  cut it off in the mid before the big lump on the right starts and we have a deal . 
  are you referring to the baby fat ? 
  very interesting , thanks . 
  it should not be surprising really . 
  but i guess it is if you never have contact with actual welfare recipients or the working middle class beyond reading about statistical averages . 
  a nice change from the usual catholics . 
  odds say catholic . 
  he got a longer sentence . 
  increase means getting bigger . 
  they do . 
  but history can be shaped and context is obviously situational . 
  so it 's perfectly fine . 
  forgetting the black guy for a moment , the quality of the editing is absolutely abysmal . 
  kinda sad that anyone thinks this could be a marketing slogan you would n't have to be ashamed about . 
  the word cringe has been invented just for this . 
  it 's not any more stupid than being proud of throwing your life in the line when you have a family to feed . 
  i 'm going to guess he never saw one in his lifetime outside of video broadcasts . 
  what a load of drivel . 
  the syrians at our school are probably the most diligent of all the pupils combined , as you can see when they are working away in the cafeteria . 
  the only class which might be more dilligent is ours , but that 's only because we 're vocational students trying to become managers . 
  just an anecdote , but anecdotes are sufficient to falsify sweeping statements like yours . 
  he 's right about britons being stupid , but he forgot that not only britons are stupid , but people everywhere are . 
   `` old fashioned police work '' ( which is generally more physically obstrusive ) does n't cut it against modern methods and techniques used for carrying out largescale terrorist attacks are you sure ? 
  dragnet investigation was already shown to be woefully ineffective in 2004 in germany , and big data is nothing other than that , except faster . 
  if your parameters for the dragnet are wrong , either being too vague or too detailed , you wo n't find shit . 
  it 's going to take some awesome deep learning algorithm to figure out waht to look for with any decent accuracy . 
  of course that technology is already available and it 's probably just a matter of time until it 's properly applicable in the field of crime investigation . 
  unless they 're hiding some technological advances unbeknownst to others and already doing it . 
  not betting on it though . 
  not really , that paragraph was sardonic . 
  you see , the thing is , whatever a politician does , he is eternally crooked and spineless , it is in his nature ; and every country has the most corrupt politicians in the world . 
  that is the cold , hard truth . 
  hey ... wait ... it might actually run on vodka . 
  alcohol is combustible after all , and it 's a regrowing ressource . 
   in fact , that might be the reason he was `` given '' to europe , we needed to get rid of him . 
  that changes nothing , eu legislation transaltes into national legislation , as it should be . 
  treating the eu as a retard dump will only make matters far , far worse . 
  this would be incredly short-sighted policy especially for a country that relies on the european union , like ours . 
  but it 's not like there 's much cohesion in our government anyway . 
  one part wants to save the world , the other wants to ensure the smoothest ride possible for the german automotive industry . 
  preferably , one and the same person wants to do both at once . 
  with such an attitude to eu politics it 's no wonder it does n't work to satisfactorily results . 
  yes please . 
  proper confederation is the next logical step if we want to remain competitive in the long term . 
  the time of weak single nations is over , everyone else is starting to cooperate too . 
  we may not * need * to stay ahead of the curve , but if we want to have a powerful negotiaton basis ... a common military is just a part of that . 
  i think not understanding the need for the eu to grow closer is like not understanding why you should vaccinate your kids . 
  the boons of cooperation are so deeply ingrained in our everyday life now that you do n't even attempt to connect the dots . 
  i would gladly sacrifice more national sovereignty for increased european sovereignty . 
  this introduces * some * new boundaries on what we can do freely , but opens up others . 
  of course , the question of which direction the eu takes in this process is an important one . 
  did they have papers with them ? 
  they do n't sound legitimate . 
  honestly , people with such an attitude should be sent back to where they claim to come from * posthaste * . 
  no matter how war-torn or otherwise devastated the country is . 
  if they are piggybacking on the despair of others and abusing the honest and hard work of those who help them , they do n't deserve any better . 
  but i guess it does n't work with international human rights being as they are . 
  there should be a provision for it , lol . 
  i think they should 've slept in the gym on a rotational system , or pack everything super tight , kz/gulag style . 
  did all of them behave like that ? 
  had to be a shitload to fill out the gym . 
  incredible . 
  pigs . 
  i mean the secret services and police forces working on preventing terrorist attacks though . 
  are you sure assad is a stability factor ? 
  he was n't a stability factor when people started a civil war over his governing practices . 
  i think the ones who are arriving now are mostly either ones who are completely fucked up from their experiences , or ones who do n't really flee any war but just jump on the bandwagon for easy access to europe . 
  you only see their failures , but that does n't mean they do n't have success . 
  it 's the same as with anybody working in the background . 
  you never fully appreciate how much your access to clean water depends on canal workers working their ass off day and night in noxious , stinky , damp , tight , slippery environments , and when it breaks down you may get upset because they were n't doing their job right . 
  but for that one day when it breaks down , they made sure there were thousands of days where it did n't . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  the more trouble they bring here , the more we will bring there , and the earlier this shitfest is going to be over . 
  bring it on , you pieces of shit . 
  in this day and age being ccalled art does in itself not mean anything though . 
  i am sure he did some important pioneering work and there is some historical value in brutalism , in so far as it has influenced/inspired some capable architects in a positive way ; but as we can also see with sch\u00f6nberg , the groundwork is in the end generally just groundwork , and can not really stand by itself . 
  i 'm going to consider your comment satire . 
  yeah , but that 's the first reasoanble picture i saw when i googled it , so i just used that . 
  why not ask mr. trump ? 
  https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/266038556504494082?ref_src=twsrc^tfw and i never defended the electoral college previously so i do n't know what you 're on about . 
  do you look at the flairs ? 
  this is a european subreddit . 
  i 'm from germany . 
  i have nothing to do with leftist us journalists . 
  i was n't even completely conscious of the role of the electoral college until a few days ago . 
  is that nazi architecture ? 
  it totally looks like nazi architecture . 
  those columns , wow . 
  [ the spitting image . 
  ] ( http://i0.wp.com/www.culturedarm.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/image.jpg ) they 're supposed to be stylised * corinthian columns * ?!? 
   poundbury oooh . 
  looks like plastic houses for model railway landscapes . 
  interesting to learn about , thank you .
