  it 's not the point unto itself . 
  it would n't really work if they were portrayed as all conservative/traditionalist and then the woman is african and has dreads , you can certainly see that . 
  wait wait , is this about being healthy and happy , or about being white through and through ? 
  you are confusing me . 
  or do you mean to imply that a family needs pure white genes to be healthy ? 
  the boy even wears a brown top ... they 're not being very subtle about it . 
  wow . 
  is that list comprehensive ? 
  if yes , no wonder china has such severe traffic jams . 
  in relation to population , public transit is basically nonexistent . 
  unless their buses are super efficient legion i guess . 
  fuck you and your reddiquette you lazy pig ( s ) !, 
  better ? 
  it was n't entirely clear . 
  i 've met some strange ass people on the web and it 's late . 
  my apologies . 
  world class athlete a typical portuguese ? 
  actually their grandparents did . 
  in the article is says 50 % of retail spending is on food , alcohol and tobaco products . 
  great example of a misleading headline . 
  at first i thought you confused astronomy with astrology beause the first picture was almost exlusively star signs ... but i 'm glad to see it is truly astronomy after all . 
  oh wow , i see i was lagging behind a bit , i thought this was still about the song . 
  i say go for it . 
  b\u00f6hmermann was betting high , that 's what happens . 
  or is it ? 
  almost all of their ideas are bs upo closer inspection . 
  good lord do people take their time . 
  very good to hear . 
  some war memorials should remain , but overall soviet occupation is nothing to celebrate . 
  there is no need to know in trust ... that 's the whole point . 
  i mean in a special way where both governments actually have a deep respect for each other instead of secretly spying on each other behind each other 's back . 
  i thought it was because of south park . 
  lucky 10000 !, 
  well , maybe the us and turkey could become allies . 
  i could like this if it was n't so cringy . 
  birkenstocks and muesli , no thanks . 
  the real red flags are the facts that girls are allegedly five times more likely to be targeted than boys , and that they 're all up in arms about this `` grooming '' thing again . 
  sudan 's embassy better be in a very bad spot for finding good parking space . 
  medieval 2, 
  at first i wanted to protest about how far south the chatti are on this map , then i realised i subconsciously laid over modern germany 's border over the roman-german one . 
  very cool map . 
  gives me a slight urge to play europa barbarorum ii again . 
  took me a while to get it . 
  nice . 
  newsflash , groping was n't introduced by refugees !, 
   `` we are not there to act as police , but to observe and be available if someone wants to talk . '' so it adds nothing on top of what the swimming hall supervisor does . 
  * shrug *, 
   nsfl good grief . 
  where are we going as a society ? 
  well , as a conglometare of societies , i suppose . 
  think you caught a case of the autocorrect . 
  i do n't know if you 're willfully ignoring what frustration and anger do to you or if you really have no idea . 
  he 's a mayor of a tiny community no one ever heard of before , not a seasoned parliamentarian in bruxelles . 
  be reasonable . 
  he probably never had to deal with anything remotely like this . 
  well yes , it was not rational behaviour and it 's not an agreeable solution in the long term . 
  but as adults we can see why he behaved like this and stop throwing a hissyfit about something said in a highly stressful moment . 
  sometimes kids tell their parents they hate them if they 're angry . 
  does n't mean they really do . 
  it should be noted that all of them were npd demonstrators and not just regular german residents , something the translator seemed to have forgotten . 
  it should also be noted that the general atmosphere was extremely heated up - with the people expectedly behaving like animals - and the mayor probably already trying hard to not hit everyone in the face . 
  he was probably simply fed up with reactionary assholes turning his evening to shit . 
  i do n't remember tbh . 
  we did n't have that much contact ... just some `` life lesson chats '' while driving . 
  i would guess so though . 
  i would say germany has pretty reasonable sex crime laws overall . 
  what would your idea for improvements be ? 
  moral implication is meaningless here . 
  rape is not a catch-all term for morally reprehensible sexual interactions . 
  it is a term for a specific kind of sexual assault . 
  just because germans do n't call everything rape does n't mean they do n't give a shit about the other forms of sex crimes . 
  it 's not just racists , and `` they raped me '' is n't even the worst . 
  i had a coworker once whose ex-wife slandered him as a drug trafficker and child pornography producer . 
  or maybe from norway . 
  tine has some nice stuff . 
  6,4 mil , the rest was non-jewish . 
  the first time i ever click on a dutch video , of course i get a dutch commercial . 
  why do n't i ever get english or japanese ads on those videos ? 
  yes indeed . 
  the common social interactions evened it out pretty well . 
  we even called ourselves german potatoes and arab terrorists in jest . 
  good times . 
  police did visit us once during my school years because some students were suspected of dealing with drugs on a small scale , but that was it . 
   and until 2008 even starring in pornographic movies . 
  oh man , i could 've made serious money and had no idea !, 
   brb ... have fun mate !, 
  the point is , sometimes the people as a group get really mad and do n't want something anymore . 
  i could also mention various civil wars . 
  but in germany 's particular case , parties are generally banned or restricted because they are felt to be a threat to the constitution / social order , and it happens very seldom . 
  found a former npd voter turned afd voter . 
  the csu is supremely fishy . 
  just remember when seehofer was trying to make the problem seem worse by purposefully refusing to use fully prepared facilties in munich etc. 
  to make the refugees clog up . 
  and they 're generally populist asses . 
  green biotechnology for example does not really have a bad reputation amongst the actual csu leaders , but they all oppose it anyway because of their retarded voterbase . 
  i 'm not sure where you 're getting this idea form that deomcracy and censorship are incompatible . 
  hitler was democratically elected too . 
  fuck godwin , it 's a good point . 
  cheeky little cunts . 
  you mean one group of about a thousand people that is very apparently not reprensentative by consisting exclusively of immigrants from the last three months .
