  it does n't do a lot anymore . 
  if it were a dead horse , it would be an unrecognisable puddle of blood and meat by now , riddled with maggots and flies . 
  i understood that 's the point , but some of these choices seemed a bit random , and i do n't understand where they come from . 
  actually , upon closer inspection , they make sense . 
  but what 's up with ukraine and turkey ? 
  well , at least i got that one . 
  that 's taken from a eu iv match , yes ? 
  edit : all cleared up , getting the joke now . 
  well put . 
  just because we 're europeans , does n't make us the arbiters of right and wrong . 
  we have a lot of messed up shit too . 
  this is one example . 
  we have * not * ascended to a higher plane , contrary to what some fantasts seem to think . 
  what a mess !, 
  the fact that the path to brexit leads to jumping of a cliff is much more important in my opinion . 
  who are dup ? 
  i 'd work just well if it was targeted at street fighters . 
  but otherwise it sounds weird , yes . 
  english in german marketing has a notorious reputation for targeting edgy young adults and teens , or being a result of pure laziness and boheme pretentiousness . 
  no , it 's not controversial . 
  marketing and sales are just oversensitive bitches . 
  or maybe your experience does not encompass the whole of the muslim world . 
  i 'm sure i 'd not have gotten support and encouragement for pursuing a syrian girl by other syrian friends if it were as you said . 
  i 'm with you when you say that conservative islam is a plague and a dangerously strong one at that . 
  but `` the muslim '' is not a thing . 
  they have a lot to do with terrorism in the levante , aka hezbollah . 
  also they have mandatory hijab , death penalty for being gay , etc. 
  iran is as much part of the problem of conservative islam being a detriment to the lives of people . 
  the casualties to islamic terrorism in the west are a drop on a hot stone really , and not the sole problem . 
  we do n't need to ask `` if '' , we need to ask `` how '' . 
  inherently , the scriptures of islam are not more bloodthirsty than the bible . 
  we need to find a way to effectively combat sharia and conservative dogmas . 
  nurturing qur-anistic ideas would be a good start . 
  this would at least do away with ahadith . 
  and then we can start spreading the more reasonable view of the qur-an , that the commandments and guidelines reflect the needs of the specific situations of their time and are not directly applicable to any situation . 
  and we should n't alienate muslims overall . 
  not only because it is counterproductive , but also because more than 99.9 % are innocent . 
  they can be taken into responsibility , but only for making sure that the men among their midst keep safe from extremist ideology , and to report them and collect evidence if they show signs of extremism . 
  we need cooperation to solve this problem . 
  antagonising the whole muslim population instead of channeling their forces is counterproductive and a waste of energy . 
  hmm right . 
  from a civilian security perspective , that makes sense . 
  still grossly misleading by visually conflating `` founding members '' with `` eu '' . 
  because it restricts it to founding members and major conflicts . 
  i do n't doubt the eu 's role in promoting peace , but this is presented in a way that you think the eu has n't seen any conflict since the beginning . 
  the footnote is really just a kind of `` miranda declaration '' to waive any responsibility for wrong impressions . 
   the spread of the rule of law definitely not a factor . 
  ask victorian europe . 
  so if europeans fight , kill , and die in a war abroad it does n't count , but when europeans fight , kill , and die in wars on european soil , it counts ? 
  i 'm sorry , but considering that i am a european person , and not a european piece of land , such a criterion is worthless to me . 
  well , they sure know how to polish their data . 
  you actually had me there for a moment . 
  you also import a lot of non-crime . 
  as long as there are n't veritable hordes of criminals coming in , there is no real danger to societal stability ; and beyond societal stability , it 's a zero-sum game of personal tragedies . 
  it does n't really matter if people get murdered here or there . 
  someone always dies . 
  i think immigration from non-free into freeer societies has a net result of less harm in the long run , because people are now actually getting punished for the shit they pulled off regularly before : just think of forced or underage marriages . 
  you forgot [ stabbing and burning ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cologne_school_massacre ) them to death . 
  i mean ok , it 's a bit in the past , but i just wanted to get the word out . 
  i do n't understand how starting school at 4-5 is a significant contributor to the welfare of children . 
  they do learn a lot of stuff in preschool/kindergarten ... 
  how is syria ranking 55 in protection ? 
  oh shit , right . 
  well anyway , the point still stands : there is heinous crime evne without pesky muslims around . 
  i still remember the time my dad hit my ass aswell . 
  but i love him dearly with or without . 
  it has n't really made a dent in any menaingful way . 
  if you got hit more often , that 's different . 
  i am talking about cases of very sporadic hittings . 
  i do n't agree . 
  prohibition eventually causes stigmatisation . 
  what would the appropriate punishment for a slep on the ass be ? 
  systemaci cases of child abuse definitely need to be persecuted though , but after reading the article i was not under the impression that that is the crux of the matter . 
  i think it 's a bit silly because lowkey individual cases of corporal punishment are really not a big deal - speaking from experience as a recipient - and usually fly pretty far under the radar anyway . 
  on a more serious note , i hate when people conflate horrifying abuse with minor inconveniences . 
  a slap on the ass once in a lifetime , or maybe even twice , is background noise , plain and simple ; no matter if you 're a kid or an adult . 
  it 's not worth the energy and time put into . 
  oh wow , i totally forgot about fritzl . 
  him too !, 
  ah , well , it does n't show on my opensuse/vivaldi set up . 
  shucks !, 
  ah , yes , makes sense . 
  i thought you were talking about europe because they are . 
  explaisn why it 's only english names , really got me confused . 
  how the fuck did you forget about marc dutroux though ? 
  he 's honestly the first and only on my mind when it comes to depraved sex criminals . 
  and that russian guy who used to hang young boys . 
  and that american guy who made pictures of the mutliated bodies of his victims in artistic poses , but i guess he does n't count as a non-european . 
  oh , and ... jack the ripper !, 
  i guess dutroux is not the only one coming to mind after all !, 
  i do n't know how to do these random emojis . 
   pork  low quality muslim shill !!, 
  pork is love . 
  pork is life . 
  veal is an excellent substitute though , so no complaints . 
  hey now , german and american movies have had an important impact on film-making !, 
  i actually really love japanese movies too . 
  most of the movies on my wishlist are japanese atm . 
  well i 'm talking about visuals really . 
  i personally never saw a film as visually stunning as the new ghost in the shell .
