  you 're likely to visit a kz during middle school . 
  not to speak of the multitudes of highly critical wwii/nazi germany documentaries that get played up and down throughout the whole year . 
  i have n't watched generation war and i do n't intend to . 
  tv dramas tend to be too silly for my taste , especially german produced ones . 
  looking at the reception it does seem to be romanticised , revisionist trash . 
  it 's just one of many productions though . 
  we 're not * that * homogenous . 
  as far as depicting germans as victims is concerned , we do n't have proud victories to write about , so we write movies about the horrors of war instead . 
  germans are shown as both perpetrators and victims of atrocities through german war cinema . 
  and this is pretty accurate . 
  we laid great destruction upon europe , and in turn so did the world lay upon us . 
  i have to concede that `` oh our poor parents were just mislead by the wolves in sheep 's clothing '' is a relatively common theme , which is disappointing . 
  i 'm really not sure how any of this is relevant to the original discussion though . 
  and sorry dude , you do n't get to bask in the glory of the greatest generation . 
  you 're just a nobody born two or three generations later . 
  maybe you fought in one of the many wars america was involved in since then , but you have literally done nothing for germany , like most of the americans alive now , and like all of the americans who are currently setting the tone in politics and who this song is aimed at . 
  hey , it 's just a goal . 
  does n't mean they reached it !, 
  oh my freaking god . 
  who the fuck designed that cover . 
  the white outline is terrible . 
  us food at least is not very dull at all . 
  i 'm definitely going to try my hand at some cajun cooking soon . 
  `` kinggeorgecommands '' the prosecution rests . 
  they do n't realise how good it is that they need to have parliament ratify any significant steps instead of the prime minister being able to do whatever they want . 
  i 'm not convinced by this `` the people '' argument anyway . 
  it was a snapshot of the opinion of the people . 
  the google queries the day after betrayed a sudden change of heart for many of them . 
  i am positive a second , more current poll would turn out differently . 
  what is he actually doing though ? 
  political satire in general is pretty common . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  b\u00f6hmermann is that broken clock that gets it right twice a day . 
  otherwise he is completely forgettable . 
  actually i find him generally forgettable . 
  the polizistensohn song was nice . 
  wow . 
  you know us germans really well for never having lived here . 
  i got ta admit , yes , we would instantly explode and declare war on the us . 
  how did you know ? 
  fascinating . 
  i think he 's getting downvoted because he 's being an ass . 
  and there are always going to be a small number of insecure americans who drown out every criticism because they ca n't take any of it , just like a little kindergartener . 
  bei saving private ryan oder so . 
  it 's immersive to not understand what they are talking about and to need a translator instead , where that can be provided as a story element . 
  have you tried watching the same movie subbed and dubbed ? 
  i had a pretty similar opinion until i watched some dubbed animations with my nephew that i previously only watched subbed . 
  you can definitely appreciate the visuals a lot better without subs . 
  i find more often the bigger concern is the deviation from the original text to make the dialogue fit the lip movement . 
  that is mostly why i try to watched subbed versions first . 
  sometimes the dub voice acting is pretty dull , this is my other reason for watching subs . 
  they manage to fuck up subs too , but more seldom . 
  but lip desynch has never been a problem for me . 
  wuuuuuuuuuut as long as it 's just a bad dubbing though ... personal preferences are a thing after all . 
  the dubbing in stuff like lotr is generally ok though . 
  some text passages changed , but it needs to fit the lip movement after all . 
  voice overs are an abomination . 
  the best voice over is as bad as the worst dub . 
  generally i prefer subbed versions , but dubbed versions let you concentrate on the actual movie and take it all in . 
  you ca n't really look at the scene unravelling too well when you 're reading a text that takes longer than the cut . 
  it would jsut be nice if dubbing studios cut back on idiotic changes to make a film fit your local culture better , particularly in kids ' movies or movies perceived to be kids ' movies because they 're animations without gore , depression or sex . 
  like when the girl in totoro thanks buddha for granting shelter during the rain , the german dub has her thank jesus !, 
  it did n't make it more relatable to kids who do n't know buddha . 
  my elementary school nephew was just confused when she addressed that fatty with jesus in a way no one ever does in reality , lol . 
  when the old woman prays for saki to be alive , she still prays to buddha though . 
  no cohesion . 
  it 's the original name , or more accurately byzantion is . 
  it had that name up until constantin came along . 
  it 's funny how turkey and russia now pretend to be beacons of democracy and human rights . 
  they 're not fooling anybody . 
  he 's like a rich dad who expects that their son gets good grades just because he donates money to the school . 
  rename to constantinople ? 
  i think you mean byzantium . 
  the gmt was put in the middle of europe because europe/great britain is where it was needed , proposed and where all the work was done . 
  it 's defunct anyway , it 's utc now . 
  it 's built on the old model of course . 
  yeah ... only the scandies , netherlands , vietnam and japan got our name right , lol . 
  would be a very nice nod to its historical roots too . 
  i like the idea . 
  it 's tschechei or tschechien in german . 
  nobody here uses any other word for it as far as i am aware , and it 's not new at all . 
  tschechei is used by old people , from when it was just a region in czechoslovakia ; younger people exlusively use tschechien for the country as far as i noticed . 
  the guardian is being a bit silly here . 
  these things take time . 
  this is not really the kind of news that spreads fast unless you 're a major country . 
  making a news article out of its failure is just silly at this stage . 
  thanks . 
  i meant the one south east of austria . 
  i do n't really know which of them is which , sorry . 
  to complain about it i guess . 
  it 's a reference to asterix . 
  maybe together we can into space !, 
  did n't expect germany in the middle of the balkans . 
  the name is not really given to anyone at all , but he features prominently in the nibelungen as etzel . 
  well i generally consider every `` german '' before the split after wwii as simply german . 
  when i say austrian going this far back , i mean it as just another group of germans like hessians , saxonians etc. 
  hmm , interesting . 
  i did n't know that . 
  i blame it on the hre having been a general mess of territories in its time . 
  drunk as fuck most likely .
