  i know !, 
  well let 's pretend it was stuck in a stasis chamber in the meanwhile . 
  then we are both right in a way !, 
  estonia was n't really independent for all of that time . 
  coincidentally i was just listening to him when i stumbled upon this thread . 
  being just a little bit older than an independent nation kinda feels cool . 
  it 's been swinging between 10 and 25 around here . 
  i had no idea it was still that warm everywhere else . 
  how is it still that warm in belgium , omg . 
  that 's a different situation then . 
  makes very little sense as is . 
  does n't make sense in religious light , kids do n't have to wear a headscarf . 
  i would n't be surprised if that 's just the way they dress their kids to cope with the increasingly `` cold '' weather . 
  they use what they got . 
  well , if they generally turn to putting them to trial , then that is some relief . 
  hmm ... right ... 
  i rushed in a bit too far . 
  it 's stll super frustrating . 
  maybe there could be a way to apply for a suspension of diplomatic immunity in your country at den haag where you can try and show that you are not nearly corrupt enough to try anything funny . 
  well that 's indeed a problem . 
  it just should n't be a requirement to leave your family back home . 
  i guess it 's unavoidable in some cases , but we should really try our best to make it avoidable . 
  no sorry , i meant prosecution . 
  i really do n't see how this connects with individuals ' immunity against just criminal proceedings . 
  if they 're afraid of imprisoning them without reason , diplomatic immunity is useless decoration . 
  yeah , one or two framed diplomats every few decades sounds a lot better than tens of thousands in combined wrongful parkin fees and several victims of assault . 
  if they are n't afraid of false charges , they probably are n't afraid of fucking with diplomatic immunity either . 
  they can do that anyway ? 
  if they do n't give a shit about having relations with you it matters fuck all if the diplomat is immune or not , and if they do give a shit then they wo n't prosecute him with false , undeserved charges . 
  diplomats just need to learn to respect the local laws and customs . 
  if they ca n't do it , it really just shows that they have no work ethics ad should gtfo asap . 
  what good is an undiplomatic diplomat ? 
   simply prohibit diplomats to ` problematic ' countries to take their families with them . 
  just no . 
  just no . 
  they should just find a middle ground . 
  this solution as it is right now is fucked . 
  diplomatic immunity should simply not protect you from lawful criminal persecution if you killed or harmed another human . 
  if they want to fuck with your nation and abuse your ambassador for no good reason , they will do it either way . 
  well the sa were nazis too until they got cut short . 
  let 's call them special nazis . 
  no it just means a national socialist . 
  maybe we distinguish more exactly in germany because many people were nsdap members just to stay out of trouble or because of a vague patriotic feeling . 
  the term nazi has nothing to do with party allegiance . 
  one for each hand and a blowjob by a sexy swede of our own choice for good measure . 
  well if it does n't happen in france , why would it have to be reacted to in france ? 
  that accomplishes nothnig except unreasonably limit the choice of women who thought they would move to a country where they are free to live their lives for a change . 
  in france there is no context of widespread social oppression of women in which this measure might make sense . 
  the argument is very weak . 
   the reason the burqas and burkinis should be banned , is because a group of islamist murderer pigs is forcing them on women . 
  what are you saying , that women have to go bathing with burkinis in france because is secretly rules the muslim population in france as a shadow government ? 
  you equate burkinis with ss uniforms and kkk costumes ? 
  regular french alcoholics kill a lot more people in france and will forever do so than people affiliated with an organisation that pisses all over the rights of these women to go to the beach whenever they want , with or without burkini , and to whom most of them wo n't even think about pledging allegiance too . 
  there is literally no connection between this and the enemy you are so pathologically obsessed about . 
  now this is going a wee bit too far . 
  it 's just a full-body bathing suit . 
  in germany none of them have latin names actually . 
  the rest is just catholic weird stuff . 
  do n't worry about the holiday , what about the reparations for the schwedentrunk atrocities ? 
  there are mor than enough secular opportunities to get the full year full of holidays . 
  as long as they do n't openly advocate for a particular party or help out with the countings , i do n't care . 
  it 's a global world , everyone has an interest in each other . 
  if the people get influenced by the us-backed institutions without double-checking their arguments then it 's their own fault . 
  i would n't mind if they 'd interfere in croatia btw , lots of nazis running around there . 
  pussies and assholes , my friend , pussies and assholes . 
  hate speech is also a crime in most civilised countries . 
  it 's not really a slippery slope . 
  i could say the same of letting things slide or of taking it up into your own hands . 
  in none of those cases it 's true . 
  it 's just a situation that may or may not develop into one or another direction . 
  there 's a reason it 's called a fallacy . 
  what the british do with him or not is not upon me to decide . 
  this is also further confounded by the internal handling of imams in islam . 
  i do n't really know how i would react to this because i do n't know the context . 
  he is not wrong if he says it is permissible in islam - it 's by itself just a matter of fact statement , just like stoning your children for their insolence is permissible in judaism and christianity . 
  there are always variations and anomalies , becaue of course it is a bit more complex than that . 
  but generally speaking , mor money -  better health . 
  i would proudly be a subject of pax romana !, 
  the eu is close enough though . 
  it actually does . 
  more money means more capital for medical staff traning , tech investments and research . 
  it also implies a higher level of education which in turn improves the abilty to understand which life choices are healthy and which are n't . 
  there is a very significant correlation between nations ' economy and life expectancy , though it 's currently being eroded thanks to humanitarian aid and globalised trckle-down effects . 
  that 's really surprising . 
  i 'd like to know what makes the mediterranean health care systems so good . 
  i 'm saying i did n't expect the mediterranean countries to have such excellent life expectancy given the mentioned factors at play . 
  if everyone dies alter , it generally means everyone deteriorates later , which means everyone gets to enjoy a lot more time with their friends and family . 
  for most people an increase in lifespan is the same as an increase in healthspan . 
  in fact the increase in healthspan is probably responsible for a large part of the increase in lifespan . 
  my grandma was doing perfectly fine at 76 after she defeated her cancer in her late 60s . 
  well , until she suddenly collapsed without any explanation , but that 's beside the point . 
  why not just raise pension age ? 
  it 's a lot more obvious and a lot more humane . 
  do you look forward to not receiving healthcare after you 've worked the previous 40 to 50 years of your life to support your family and society ? 
  i only just realised that people who do n't smoke and drink their ass off probably live a lot longer than the given ages on average . 
  how could i be so blind . 
  makes me feel a lot more secure about being able to spend another 25-30 years with my parents . 
  that 's actually great . 
  surprised to see the mediteranean countries so far up there with their hot , pest-friendly climate , abysmal mrsa statistics and their much lower gdp . 
  imagine where they would be wih an economy like germany or norway !,
