interesting that `` landowner '' of all things is apparently the most common occupational surname in czechia . 
  yeah . 
  maybe it 's too little for me to say that tagesschau is broadcast on zdf . 
  gon na correct myself . 
  they switch between the two . 
  well i do n't know how it is for the main broadcast , but i 've seen tagesschau on the zdf when zapping around . 
  hmm . 
  looking at wiki it appears to be this one i 've seen a few times . 
  most mainstream tv channels barely show any news at all though . 
  tagesschau and the bbc are major news sources for the respective countries , so yeah . 
  as you said , they get their news form the established channels . 
  in the uk , this is bbc . 
  in germany , it 's tagesschau . 
  and the tagesschau broadcast is shared between several channels in germany , ard as well as several regional and specialty political/educational channels . 
  millions of people watch it every day . 
   after few minutes i noticed she was chatting with some 35 + year old dude and he was putting his arm around her waist haha !, 
  well , if it 's a question of `` eat shit or die '' , i can understand the choice the people made back then . 
  but it 's still nothing to be proud of . 
  did n't know that part about poland . 
  interesting . 
  would 've loved to see the face of that girl when you declined . 
  french fries are from belgium . 
  you forgot napoleon though . 
  not for me . 
  the issue for me are those people who are proud of romania having fought alongside germany in wwii . 
  yeah that 's pretty minimal . 
  you could hardly live a civilised life like that in germany even if you tried really really really hard and got lucky with your location . 
  i ' t s a teutonism - funny , considerinf it 's french - , meant price level . 
  we use the term niveau for that . 
  maybe that is an obscure usage of that word outside of germany . 
  very interesting , thanks !, 
  yes , i suppose that will have to do !, 
  those huge territories are still mostly uninhabited because the vast majority of immigrants moved to a handful of central hubs like ny , washington , later sanfran etc. 
  the streets were overfilling in ny as they are today in munich . 
  i find the `` cultural similarities '' thing a bit eyewash . 
  back then the differences between protestants of various denominations and catholics were much more severe than now after they had a few hundred years of mauling each other and then growing closer together when they realised ripping each other open wo n't work anymore . 
  and even aside of these very rough overarching concepts , the way these people lived their lifes were still very different and especially the cultural shock coming to the us from europe was significant , something that is highlighted in the amusing little historical jewish song `` vot ken yu makh ? 
  i think the real difference is that these new immigrants are washing ashore of a collection of countries who have settled down and have grown accustomed to the way it 's working , who are afraid of alien influences . 
  we are in an ongoing industrial revolution too . 
  though which way it swings as far as need for manpower is concerned is rather uncertain . 
  well that sounds like welfare normally sounds like , so it 's not so bad after all . 
  tbh i think every one of us could use the economic and cultural impetus from large-scale immigration . 
  it worked wonders for the us in its heyday , i do n't see why not for us . 
  get that crust a bit broken up . 
  no , but i did before . 
  i always thought a quota system would be eyewashing though . 
   oh and they have to partake in light manual labor 40hs a week as well to qualify . 
  so basically they have to do a fulltime job to be elligible for welfare . 
  wow . 
  okay , that would be pretty bad for an immigrant who ca n't find work . 
  you 're also forgetting one crucial factor : if they stay in hiding - whick works btw , it 's already being done all the time - until they arive at their wish destination , then it really changes nothing except to add an extra layer of red tape . 
  what 's the price niveau ? 
  are there any expenses additionally covered by the state such as rent etc. ? 
  just trying to get a feel for how bad it really would be . 
  they are different from non-us americans . 
  hah , no worries . 
  i just noticed this * big guy on the block * behaviour mostly with russian - who think they are the shit just because they are not as shit as 15 years ago - or american individuals - who are kind of used to being the de facto boss of the world and let it get to their head . 
  more like a cynicist . 
  never . 
  see / u/kgb _ under_your_bed 's comment . 
  for morocco to use the smugglers in negotations they would have to be effective at controlling them . 
  the amount of people landing on spanish borders is entirely coincidental . 
  well i 'm sure tunisia will happily cooperate if they agree that suspicious dingies in their ports are a viable target for the eu . 
  if not then stay the fuck out . 
  maybe it 's simply meant to appease anti-immgrationist . 
  a possibility would be that they hope to apprehend and jail the smugglers though . 
  are you us-american or russian ? 
  hey , do n't forget , being part of a community is all about the me !, 
  he explained that afterwards . 
  holy shit , is that the reason why operation whatsitcalledagain was active for such a long time ? 
  abolish all the kammern !, 
  if you had taken care to read the following conversation before you responded , the response would not have been necessary . 
  that 's the point . 
  nono , i realised this aspect was entirely correct . 
  but i should 've taken a look at the date , because back then i did not . 
  it just did n't occur to me that a new thread may be posted about a topic that is 5 years old , and a lot can happen in 5 years . 
  i should not have let it cloud my mind of contemporary sweden . 
  yes , since recently . 
  well , since 5 years . 
  arguably that 's a lot of time . 
  i did n't mean to sound derisive . 
  i was just earnestly surprised . 
  i am not free of error . 
  maybe i just had too many glances at the men 's right subreddit . 
  this is really painful . 
  it did n't strike me as the country to do that . 
  a notion most recently strengthened by the practise of abolishing affirmative action - generally a good idea - just as it happened to favour men in a field of study where women were the majority . 
  of course i am working with incomplete data , but everything i ever heard about sweden did not reinforce a picture of it considering these issues , hmm , gender-neutrally . 
  wonderful . 
  all that potential that you have wasted with discriminatory politics is now ours . 
  am i thankful that gypsies are coming into germany instead of people like you . 
  it 's a figure of speech . 
  i am aware that you are from romania . 
  where the fuck do you live that immigrants are usually fucking assholes ? 
  i mean really , are you suggesting that people should live in a shack full of shit instead because they catcall a little more often ? 
  really ? 
  in that case i say open the dams , let them flood in , just to spite you !, 
  i 'm afraid you ca n't jsut suddenly drop all of your moral convictions just because you move to a new place . 
  and that 's really not an accurate representation of the syrian civil war . 
  and i 'm sure a lot of them try to adopt , especially those who may want to stay here .
