  yeah , but the point of the joke was the byname . 
  yeah i 'd like to know what vlad has to do with gypsies ? 
  yeah i dunno mate , i do n't think your experience with autists is very representative . 
  you seem unhealthily obsessed about the evils of scandinavia for some reason . 
  social workers can be overzealous idiots all around the world . 
  funny thing with attila , since huns are much more connected to germany at any rate . 
  not only did we get a nice byname in wwi that i do n't understand to this day , but attila also features prominently in our historical poetry . 
  napoleon and hitler are there though . 
  just noticed henrik ibsen . 
  surprised here too , would 've expected grieg . 
  absolutely everyone knows about * his * morning mood and in the hall of the mountain king . 
  ... do n't they ? 
  i 'm really starting to wonder about pantheon 's methodology . 
  because hitler does n't have a scary sounding byname . 
   unintended  intended spot the difference . 
  no need to get so defensive anyway , it was probably just a joke . 
  also i spotted your legitimate discrimination against autists . 
  bad boy . 
  also he 's norwegian and not even number one for them . 
  well i get your point , but that still does n't really make him any more russian than it makes him north korean or chinese . 
  napoleon gave us civil law and lit the spark of german republicanism , but he 's still not german . 
  maybe honorifically . 
  obviously ethnic germans do n't commit rapes . 
  the rape rate was like 0 before immigrants arrived . 
  damn immigrants !, 
  from the way the deed unfolded and culminated , it was clear form the get-go that the question of consent by the boy played no role in any way , shape or form in the mind of the perpetrator . 
  it is very clearly a rape case . 
  not even a moron in a hurry could mistake it for anything else . 
  maybe that is why they did n't go to such great lengths to show how it is . 
  it did n't cross their mind that someone could question it . 
  this is the climax of red tape . 
  permit a 38 pales in comparison . 
  well , in fact both is true for both , so ... 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  this is an argument about history , about the past , not about today . 
  it 's completely unrelated . 
  yeah , but , i mean , music !, 
  i 'm sure everyone with access to any sort of music media has had contact with mozart . 
  hitler and mozart are probably at least equally well known . 
  maybe not consciously , i guess a lot of that is music for babies no one remembers growing up . 
  i expected mozart tbh . 
  the point is that greece does n't ammount to much at all these days . 
  which sucks if you live in greece these days . 
  it should be dunant really . 
  immanuel kant for russia ? 
  that 's actually historical revisionism . 
  eu law gets adopted by national law and is in this situation enforced by national courts . 
  you wo n't see a german restaurant go to court in brussels over a violation of ( eg ) 852/2004 . 
  at least their uk embassy staff should be able to write a correct english sentence . 
  good lord , that banner !, 
  we do n't view russia like that . 
  [ it 's more like this . 
  ] ( http://i4.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article8474734.ece/alternates/s615b/pay-prod-23072016-a-cute-brown-bear-cub.jpg ), 
  that 's haram though . 
  it speaks volumes that they used a bodybuilding bear with poor fashion taste flexing their muscles to represent russia . 
  and denim is a french invention . 
  and europeans also have a space program . 
  what 's that post-war tractor doing there though ? 
  we 'll figure it out as we go . 
  to effectively work on the the status quo you * sometimes * need to take risks and see what happens . 
  i 'd rather have a social experiment that leaves me unemployed for a couple of years but turns out better in the end for me and the people coming after me . 
  family life can only be automated if you permit it to be . 
  it would be really pointless and sad . 
  when the robots do everything in a money-based system , robots willactually not do everything because the businesses ca n't afford to invest in a dead market where no consumer can afford shit because they do n't make any money . 
  it 's simply impossible for a capitalist society to turn out that way . 
  humans will find a solution anyway when the situation becomes critical . 
  robots are only replacing labor as far as consumers can afford the products of a robotic labourforce replacing human jobs that increasingly leaves consumers unable to pay for anything . 
  and then humans will come up with ideas on how to fix the problem . 
  and then the problem will be solved . 
  robotics is the least of my worries for the future . 
  this would be much different from the dark ages . 
  productivity as well as access to technology , food and healthcare is on a completely different level than it was back then . 
  economy is only a part of class ; and when economic status is not needed to get by well in live , it will mean nothing . 
  if there 's a basic income , it sure does . 
  no menial labour , no stupid bosses and coworkers to suck the life out of you , all the time in the world for your family , voluntary societal engagement and projects of passion . 
  the potential for true , meaningful productivity and quality of life is unimaginable . 
  but most probably people will just find other ways to get regular day jobs , as they always did . 
  i 'm surprised the proportion is that large for germany . 
  most of the people i were around had their own apartment by that age . 
  uhh ... 
  i got ta concede i was probably too easily swayed because of my inherent bias against separatist movements . 
  i , uh , made a mistake . 
  i do n't care if they 're younger , i just want them to be less of a tool . 
  the french revolution happened under a pretense of liberty and turned into a shitfest . 
  does n't matter if you want to pretend that the jacobins were secretly about creating a nfo since the very beginning . 
  i could also point towards the communist revolution in russia were the bolsheviks eventually prevailed . 
  edit : obsolete and embarassing nonsense . 
   we ca n't just pretend bad shit did n't happen . 
  we can very well if we want to . 
  if everyone involved agrees to not talk about it and just let bygones be bygones , to finally enjoy their remaining time on this planet , people who were not involved do n't have the right to tell them otherwise . 
  unless this means that crimes were left unpunished that never should . 
  and who said they did n't take a hard look at what happened ? 
  maybe that 's why they want to forget it . 
  i took a hard , long look at the inevitability of death for everyone i love , me and everyone else , and i try to not do it much these days . 
  [ case in point . 
  took me a few seconds to get . 
  the first picture was not preserved very well , or the scan is really bad . 
  there are pre-wwi pictures with far higher quality . 
  or it was a shitty soviet polaroid , lol . 
  that song was only cool because the video was funny if you were an elementary school kid .
