  we 'd probably be allies tbh . 
  i thin they just looked at g\u00fclen supporters and oppositionists in general , without concern for any real link to the `` coup '' . 
  certainly very convenient , but it might just be a lucky coincidence , just like the burning of the reichstag . 
  it definitely is going to be used as an argument against europe that will aid the creation of a future rift between the eu and turkey . 
  it 's a no-brainer . 
  but , just like brexit leaders , i am positive that the concern for long term sustainable politics is secondary to short-term popular support and smug satisfaction of showing them who 's boss . 
  which is totally going to solve the original problem . 
  or do you just want to use this as an opportunity to backhandedly get rid of turks in austria ? 
  if turkish foreign campaign should be banned , then every ( non-eu ) foreign campaigning should be banned . 
  that is something i would agree with . 
  if people who have decided to move away from their homeland care so much , they can just take it up on themselves to inform themselves on homeland matters . 
  the others should not be bothered . 
  my favourite beer is ginger ale from japan . 
  my favourite brewery is wychwood from england . 
  that 's not how economies of scale work . 
  everyone knows about her , but i would not say she is famous in the sense that she is celebrated and adored by the german people . 
  it 's really just an `` oh right , olivia jones , i know her , she 's that drag queen i see sometimes '' thing . 
  yeah , not a lot of research went into this i guess . 
  actually , for turkey it 's `` the armenian genocide is real . '', 
  germany is out of date now that youtube and gema have finally struck a deal . 
   we aka mostly right wing conspiracy theorists . 
  when i think of l\u00fcgenpresse , the first thought that springs up is koop . 
  yeah i saw the other correcting post . 
  in hindsight it was a freaking stupid idea , a couple millions armenians could not have comprised so much of the population . 
  however i want to point out that armenians were subjects of the ottoman empire and as such part of `` their people '' as much as the turks , and the distinction strikes me as in poor taste . 
  maybe that 's why the numbers are so huge for the ottomans . 
  the distribution is not as i expected . 
  this includes secondary casualties such as from starvation and disease , yes ? 
  i 'm not saying it could n't have been the cia ( * although i do n't think so * ) . 
  i 'm saying the reasoning that it 's got ta be the cia is weird . 
  the arab springsters did just fine without cia intervention , likewise the protests in eastern germany or the prague spring . 
  in fact , so did every group of revolutionaries before the cia was even born , and organisation and mass mobilisation is a lot easier now with social mass media . 
  heck , medieval germany had a full army of peasants going at one point . 
  the reason why your nationalist movement does n't take off is because nationalism is unattractive to the general population of scandinavia , not because it 's too expensive . 
  if groups of people can organise themselves , it stands to reason other groups of people can do the same . 
  `` it could n't have been them , it was probably the cia '' is really just a weak analogy to `` aliens !, 
  well , that 's weird . 
  after the tens of thousands of unacknowledged muslim deaths directly or indirectly due to islamist terrorism , this is just tacky . 
  but i suppose deaths in `` our world '' have a different value than deaths in `` their world '' . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  hmm . 
  truth be told i do n't really have a strong opinion either way . 
  i am fine with or without a burqa ban . 
  but good point about the bigots . 
  any reasonable culture provides for exceptions in its law - and rulemaking . 
  sitting on your bike during traffic is not the same as interacting with people in public . 
  good point about the scarves though . 
  consdering that this is about full-face covers , i am ok with this , as long as it extends to all full-face covers . 
  i can count them on one finger . 
  it 's a joke from back when this sub was overrun by mexicans for a day or a few , where people made a deal that mexico would switch places with gb in the event of brexit/trump . 
  filling up that hill had to have taken a long time back then . 
  my point was just that even self-interested nation states enter military cooperation for a very good reason , and that is national security . 
  the willingness for the people of many nations to come together and fight as one force against alien invaders significantly increases the survival chance of each individual member of the bloc of nations , because otherwise they will be able to conquer countries one by one , and by that point you will have to push them back further with less potential forces , which makes everything so much more arduous . 
  the first crusade is a great example of this , although the effect was amplified by all-out sabotage of individual cities against each other and attempts to cooperate with the crusaders for selfish political reasons . 
  so you are n't interested in stopping an aggressive militarist nation from conquering the whole continent you 're sitting right next to ( how else would they even get to belgium ? 
  ) , when you still have the combined firepower to make it possible without too catastrophic losses ? 
  might want to think that through . 
  you 're funny , lol . 
  thanks for brightening my morning . 
   this is an intrinsic thing in humans : when it comes to politics , we know exactly when we are being fed a lie , but we chose to believe it . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  you should n't be . 
  do n't overestimate our species . 
  we are not magical reason fairies . 
  a lot of people have died for people to take this step though . 
  uhh yeah . 
  as a member . 
  we are talking about the uk as a future non-member . 
  the free movement of people was one of the principles the eeg was originally founded on . 
  that 's kind of the meat of the club membership , and everyone who entered the eeg/eu knows this . 
  sometimes one country is affected more by particular terms , sometimes another . 
  this is the nature of change and development . 
  the eu is an exclusive club that is bound by rules that affect everyone . 
  when germany was reprimanded for failing to keep her budget deficit below the limit of 3 % we did n't go up and running either . 
  give and take . 
  what the uk is doing by leaving the eu and then making these demands is take and take . 
  with their exit out of the eu , they have lost the privilege to make demands to the eu , which they previously could in the form of fair legal proceedings without anyone complaining about it . 
  lame . 
  i ca n't even think of a grander insult because that 's honestly just lame . 
  so lame . 
  keyword being until . 
  obviously we give a shit right now . 
  i for one am sad to see an important eu member go . 
  ten years down the line i may perhaps not , however , give a shit anymore . 
  especially not with that kind of `` or else '' diplomacy . 
  at least there 's no world war behind the curtains this time . 
  cameron really fucked up . 
  i guess he just wanted to be the hero behind a climactic , final decision for the eu and sway the people of the uk in a wave of europatriotism ? 
  that 's the only way his behaviour could make any sense . 
  but it would be freaking deluded . 
  because of opportunism . 
  life is so much easier when you feel like you do n't have to take responsibility for your own actions and can threaten your way around business partners as if you 're the most important customer in the world . 
  except when people stop giving a flying fuck about you and call you out on your bullshit . 
   the uk needs free trade now and unfortunately both the usa and eu seem to be turning inward . 
   the usa and eu seem to be turning inward . 
  you mean the uk ? 
  aside of that quip you 're right . 
  there 's a worrying inwards trend in the western world . 
  all the people who advocated leave only did so for populist point-gaining and without any actual intention or planning for the occasion to lead the country through it . 
  rural and urban regions are also two different pairs of shoes , but there is a general trend among all of germany .
