  i do that myself often enough . 
  haha , nile on folk black metal !, 
  it was a historical joke as a nod to polandball cleaning britainball 's toilet . 
  no , he 's a lich actually . 
  but everyone else is waiting to become a zombie . 
  probably gallow 's humor . 
  one thing it shares in common with the lich-worshipping zombie apocalypse-awaiting christianity !, 
  okay i guess that makes christianity an undeath cult ... 
  what are you doing here ?!, 
  go back to polishing my plate armour , you livonian peasant !, 
  i once stumbled upon an iranian black metal band on last.fm . 
  needless to say i was very surprised . 
  must be the varangian heritage . 
  just pagan heathens being pagan heathens !, 
  you can see the civilising effect of the teutonic order in the baltic countries where the numbers are much lower . 
  clearly the norse barbarians need to be taught about the lord more severely . 
  if they were natural forests , poles did n't `` care for '' them , and germans did n't `` decimate them '' . 
  managed forests are not untouched forests . 
  also i really do n't know why i should be guilt-stricken by the action of people i never had anything to do with . 
  if you do n't want international opinions on matters of national interest do n't go to international forums to inform yourself about matters of national interest . 
  why do you jump right into the boiling pot if you ca n't stand the heat ? 
  additionally i 'm really not sure how posting in an internet forum of little import constitutes fighting for something . 
  do you think the world does n't have enough forests to keep on logging without touching these sensitive , extraordinary parts ? 
  forests are in fact growing and have been for a while because people wisened up about sustainable forestry a few hundred years ago . 
  it 's easy to find another place to chop down without problem . 
  this is all about short-sighted kindergarten economics . 
  `` i can ahve a big sum of money right now !!!, 
  let 's do it , the deluge after us , yolo !!! '', 
  everyone treats animals like that . 
  some just do it mediately by buying meat or leather or other things made out of animals . 
  or by consuming crops that were grown with manure from animals kept solely for our purpose , and with pesticides that kill animals that want to eat our crops , grown on acres that are built on land that was once the habitat of wild animals before man usurped it . 
  that 's just how things roll on planet earth right now . 
  apparently poland 's bison populations have been stably growing by 4-6 % per year so there 's some headroom for hunting . 
  it 'd have to be a tiny operation to be sustainable though . 
  should better wait some more years to let the ressource replenish . 
  that would explain a lot . 
  never heard of it . 
  the answer is nope , no such thing . 
  well we 're just human , and it 's the internet . 
  no big deal !, 
  microbiology is a very big field . 
  i am mostly interested in immediate food hygiene . 
  and interest does not necessarily indicate very deep knowledge either ... 
  i want to become a food inspector , but i have n't even started job training . 
  however i would like to point out that my point technically still stands , in that they are not `` pumped full of '' antibiotics . 
  the issue is here ascribed to long term low dosis applications . 
  i suppose this makes a lot of sense , but the sort of resistance that would spark from a persistently low dose should be treatable with adjustments . 
  of course this opens us up to the problem of wastefulness . 
  pharmaceutics will be an invaluable good for millenia to come . 
  i did n't know prophylactic use is that common still . 
  i suppose you are very right overall . 
  the specific way you worded it triggered an anti-anti-bigag response in me i guess , lol . 
  thanks for taking the time to expand upon your point and to educate me with this post . 
  i 'll save it to deep-read the material at a more opportune time . 
   bred for eating are pumped full of antibiotics until the day they die where do you get your information from , peta ? 
  eating the scattered remains of meat and drinking severely diluted blood of animals which have ben prescribed antibiotics at some point in the past is very low dose and short term - if there is anything remaing at all . 
  nope . 
  they would hide in your silos and eat all the grain . 
  yes , short-term low-dose antibiotics consumption is known to be used as a method of secret genocide because of its devastating health effects . 
  i do n't see how us blacklisting equates international sanctions . 
  internet survey per yougov , which means that young to at most middle aged people are likely vastly overrepresented . 
  because led are newfangled and do n't give you fuzzy memories of times long gone . 
  it 's 100 % emotional . 
  wow . 
  so i guess they truly just were traditionalists eternally stuck in the past . 
  or a nostalgic old geezer . 
  i 'd like a contrast to remain . 
  st. petersburg is n't nearly as iconic as paris and it 's kind of an old shoe by now . 
  it was ridiculous anyway . 
  western terrorism casualities are still a drop on a hot stone . 
  did n't even read the article . 
  this ridiculous topic was unworthy of any attention after reading through the first half of the first article . 
  just let it die please . 
   if there is something that spain has in abundance are moronic politicians . 
  this is something that connects people of all nations . 
  german can be confusing like that if you do n't truly know it . 
  but once you know it , it just clicks . 
  it 's really just a broken up `` vorhaben '' ; which means something like `` intent to '' , or as a noun `` intent '' or `` enterprise '' . 
  u wot m8 try some diced olives on pizza , gives it a nice edge . 
  i do n't think calling it the mediterranean occean makes any sense . 
  it is neither in the middle of land nor is it an ocean . 
  i believe olives would be a more fitting substitute . 
  `` fire my beans up your backside . '', 
  interesting way to incrase the sexual tension . 
  is n't yellow press the largest anywhere ? 
  well damn . 
  will it ? 
  it 's not an all-or-nothing deal where the gloves come off the instant you are outside the eu . 
  if it was , we 'd already have drowned russia in war . 
  when you 're old enough , it is . 
  if i gave a rat 's arse about this `` game '' , i would 've contributed to this . 
  norway is also one of the leading countries in producing trash though . 
  i think iceland was pretty high up there too , but i 'm not sure . 
  maybe that 's waht he means . 
  so where 's mexico ? 
  i know for a fact it is . 
  i am one of these . 
  obviously it does n't apply to 100 % of private citizens , but what does ? 
  for the same reason they 'd want a nation state instead of a clusterfuck of micro nations , except on a larger , more abstract scale . 
  i guess it does n't bring up a good point , but it does make for a good laugh !,
