  http://i.imgur.com/pdlvgxa.jpg that 's supposed to be a parking house ... right ? 
  makes me realise the real reason why brutalism was so popular is because it 's so simple , even the worst architect can design buildings like this while asleep , comatose , delirious , drunken and with their arms bound behind their back , all at once . 
  just three out of these looked fine . 
  if they know how to work with shapes , colors and materials , it 's far from a wasteland , and it can be very pretty indeed . 
  it 's just that brown-grey monotone cubes look like shit . 
  could 've turned out nice if it was n't for brutalism . 
  i do n't mind demolishing old buildings , it 's just sad when the replacement is dogshit . 
  brutalism is brutally ugly . 
  it is in dwarf fortress . 
  those poor chinese are really starving and getting beaten up and experimented on by the berlin police . 
  yeah , good point . 
  they can definitely brag about their adventurous travel . 
  it 's only an excuse to bleeding heart multiculturalists . 
  most germans frown upon incidents of misbehaving refugees and would rather have them deported instantly . 
  i personally think removing them from the premises and giving them a very stern talking should be enough , but i think worse decisions have been made than detaining them . 
  mao is only pop culture for edgy pseudo-commie teens . 
  you had a perfect set-up for a `` dozens of us '' reference , but you wasted it . 
  shame . 
  yeah , it 's the european council , which is a supranational entity . 
  they accidentally overheard secretary of state clinton , but got rid of the material immediately . 
  yes , we are trying to keep our hideous monster child caged in the attic . 
  and i 'd say it makes a lot of sense to do so . 
  not sure how this is fantasy europe . 
  it 's clearly real europe . 
  most likely nordic walking . 
  are you kidding ? 
  she 's not even wearing white tennis socks . 
  i thought you were thinking about a naughty pun . 
  what it is is exactly what comes into mind first , in general . 
  what came to your mind first ? 
  all languages have their strenghts and weaknesses . 
  overall english works well enough to rule the world in all important fields . 
  the metric system was used to eliminate differences between national standards . 
  your idea of using an entirely new langauge to increase the distance to the international community does the exact opposite . 
  also changing plugs and ruler measurements is a lot easier than relearning a new language with several thousands of wods and dozens of rules and hundreds of exceptions . 
  i 'm not opposed to the idea of replacing english as an international lingua franca per se , but i am 100 % against isolating the eu with a new , special language . 
  but due to the mentioned problem and the current political landscape , it could only happen organically . 
  in the meantime , be glad it 's not chinese . 
  it is safe to assume that they are to be found within the confines of the kitchens . 
  why the fuck would you actively replace english as a lingua franca ? 
  we already have a great tool for international communication , and you want to replace it because of some petty supranationalism ? 
  let 's not make eurexit a thing please . 
  chuchisch\u00e4chtli is an acceptable alternative . 
  nothing surprising . 
  the reichstag and old germany lay in ruins after the war , so they made it new . 
  it 's pretty easy to tell which ones are the newer ones . 
  albania looks pretty nice . 
  wtf , iceland ? 
  roundabout in english does not refer to a specific kind of circular traffic , but to all kinds of circular traffic . 
  if that was manila , that bus would 've stood there for an hour before moving . 
  aesthetics ? 
  not in this case , it 's a completely disorderly mess if you go past the roundabout around the arc d'triomphe . 
  everyone who understands anything about ge and thus realises their shameless insincerity , basically . 
  the weapon would get entangled in and buffered by the hair before doing any damage . 
  so much better than gulen . 
  i 'd say agnostic atheism is the most reasonable choice . 
  i 'm pretty sure a main reason for scots to want to remain is access to the single european market . 
  right now they depend on england , but there 's no telling how dependable england will be - or even want to be - in the near future . 
  the eu is a comparatively safe anchor . 
  although i disagree that it is the primary factor . 
  civil rights , freedom and peace are equally important . 
  economics are the means by which we live , but not the reason we live for . 
  but brexit is a right and prope snake oil in regards to those issues . 
   a fair amount of leave voters thought that their lives were already bad so they had nothing to lose . 
  is there reliable data on this being a reason for many/most brexiteers ? 
  so delusional . 
  not a fan of this , the tricolores look all wrong with that color ratio , like some signal flags or something . 
  and since when do federal states flags include the blazon of the greater nation anyway ? 
  it 's not q anymore ? 
  nice to see such a public display of support in such a religious context . 
  ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ correct ^ ^ ^ latin ? 
  ah ok , thanks . 
  life is suffering . 
  i talked about the actual ammount , not the fact that it 's an average . 
  hmm , yes , good points . 
  i did not consider that . 
  i do n't really agree with you here . 
  i am talking about trends and averages , not about specific cases or absolute truths . 
  there are always exceptions and overlaps - just like how churchill lived to the ripe , old age of 90 despite having been a lifelong smoker . 
  the complete puzzle is always more complicated than its parts . 
  i do not deny that by talking about a part of the puzzle . 
  alcohol is perfectly fine within boundaries , so that fact does n't in and of itself bother me . 
  but i was talking about the broader implications regarding islamic dogma . 
  do n't forget lifespan . 
  not a lot . 
  not even half a litre per day . 
  that would be well within the boundaries of acceptable , probably even healthy , alcohol consumption . 
  of course the problem is that it 's mostly one huge overdose per week instead . 
  i 've seen and heard about many alcohol-drinking muslims since i am in closer contact with them . 
  they 're not nearly as strict/consequent as the public image suggests . 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  the first graph does n't really indicate that global alcohol consumption is drying up . 
  it 's just a small dent . 
  let 's talk again in 5 more years . 
  the term `` largest beer market '' only makes sense for total consumption , not per capita consumption . 
  very weird and misleading title . 
  i suspect the inaccurate language was done entirely on purpose . 
  ** btt ** the german beer market is suffering from diminished appeal due to pretty much being old and boring , thanks to old , retarded obscene restrictions that have carried over . 
  younger people generally prefer alcoholic mixed drinks , be they cocktails or alcopops . 
  microbreweries are gaining increased popularity though , because they can circumvent some regulations and experiment with their beer .
