  it 's close to attempted terrorism . 
  only the estimated insurance costs are frightening :(, 
  is there no other country on the planet that wants to upgrade its navy with some shiny helicopter carriers ? 
  something i never understood : what happens with the spanish national debt if catalonia becomes independent ? 
  yes , after it reaches its destination , there is no problem . 
  but when transporting something `` secret '' through dashcam-ukraine and dashcam-russia they should really try to be more careful ... 
  i do n't want to give them tips , but would n't it be a good idea to hide that thing under a cover ? 
  all what i remember is telling my name and counting to 9 ... does it count ? 
  ( silly ~ 13 year old me decided to choose another subject after one year ), 
  because we can . 
  strike ? 
  it 's not only about the fear to get sued . 
  it 's what google always does when they do n't like a law . 
  they overdo it to piss of the users and to show `` how dumb the law '' is . 
  ( '' '' because i do n't think it 's generally a dumb law ) the same is happening with the gema in germany . 
  i 'm really no fan of them but google blocks alot more stuff than they have to ( and put a big label on it that it 's all their fault , which is a lie ), 
  do you want to see her throwing cotton balls ? 
  thats very extreme . 
  nice try vlad . 
  i prefer 6/2 . 
  russians do n't know about tau 's superiority . 
  we got enough unhurt people to form a team ? 
  wow . 
  i do n't know , but here is an article http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/crystal-meth-origins-link-back-to-nazi-germany-and-world-war-ii-a-901755.html, 
  they invented it , we gave them our soldiers in large scale ( stuka-pilots , tank-drivers etc. ), 
  not much , just war , destruction and genocide . 
  we also ` invented ' communism and later we thought its a good idea to bring an exile russian communist back to russia and sponsor him . 
  oh and have you ever heard of how we made crystal meth sucessful in the 40s ? 
  our best man . 
   because the state knows better compare to the child parents they can still buy them for their children, 
  it describes them very well , so yes . 
  after the inflationary use of the word `` neo-nazi '' we really need a new word for it for avoiding confusion . 
  if we ignore the news sources : you are only missing the translations or adaptions of the websites that you already know . 
  so instead of putin she had an `` excuse '' . 
  let them eat cake . 
  cr\u00eapes from france . 
  simple idea , great result . 
  yes , because ` urope . 
  my favourite was always `` eudssr '' :-d, 
  it seems that our newspapers do n't even realise whats going on . 
  i have n't seen a single article about astroturfing to explain the readers whats going on . 
  imo nothing would be more important at the moment than to protect/warn people from manipulation . 
  this is happening for months now at the comment sections of major german newspapers ( faz , zeit , s\u00fcddeutsche etc ) . 
  pro russian comments ( tldr : the standard kreml-arguments and how evil and racist we are and by the way : `` fuck the west and the usa '' ) get hilarious amounts of upvotes . 
  mad russians everywhere . 
  luckily sch\u00e4uble is that kind of person who does n't give a fuck about their feels . 
  how is the average opinion at the schools ? 
  finished it some years ago and even my russian colleagues make jokes about putin and his attempts to justify his ~ ~ arbitrariness ~ ~ ... lets call it politics . 
   germans have a very different view of putin 's annexation . 
  i never met one of this putin defenders in the wild . 
  always thoght they 're bots or just trolling . 
   you have here a global conflict with many nuclear warheads ready to launch on each side , but everyone know they ca n't do it because it would mean mutual destruction . 
  so you have a conventional war . 
  it 's the problem with nuclear weapons : you have them , but if a country with nuclear weapons invades you then you ca n't use them because it would mean death ( for you and your opponent ) . 
  the problem is n't the beginning of a war or the middle point . 
  the dangerous point in a war with russia is the close end . 
  what happens when one side is losing ( i think it would be russia because history told us 2 times that you ca n't fight the whole world ) ? 
  what happens if there is not alot what you have to lose ? 
  some bombs could turn the tide . 
  both . 
  russian and russian-german origin ( as far as i know ) . 
  they 're `` mixed up '' anyway . 
  i know . 
  i grew up with alot of them . 
  most of them have good reasons for not living in russia . 
  even putin is not concerned for russians in russia . 
  other countries at the black sea need the connection between the black sea and the mediterranean sea . 
  may be putin does n't know . 
  i never said that he is very smart . 
  esti because putin wants into nordic . 
  ridiculous . 
  they do n't even try to hide it . 
  if russia was invited for ~ 16 years there is imo not really a reason to not talk to them . 
  they should invite china instead . 
  if you ca n't convince putin talk to his last friends instead . 
  of course it 's not that simple . 
  but every effective plan to `` fight '' homelessness beginns with taking them off the streets . 
  possible wallot paper :  what do you want tovarish ? 
  make cross :  o fascist  o fascist that 's not fair . 
  like / u/homsig said : only parts of the ukrainian government are fascist . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  after all the bullshit your government tells you it must be hard to see the difference . 
  do you really have a navy ? 
  i am confused now ... 
  is `` britain 's future '' a superglue brand ? 
  \\ start_doctor_evil_mode `` accident '', 
  always remove lenin from premises . 
  are we really surprised that mostly peaceful demonstrations become violent after peaceful demonstrations failed ? 
   the eternal empire of the 28 shining stars zet sounds damn s\u00e4xy . 
  sad . 
  just sad . 
  and we have good reasons for it : elevators can be very annoying when you 're late . 
   some czechs the czechs who welcomed them were more german than czechs . 
  to call them czechs could lead to some misunderstandings  edit : accidentally wrote my comment into the quote ... 
  no need for them . 
  at least better than austria . 
  can we now hang the investment bankers ? ^ pls, 
  so i. . . did something bad ? 
   who the fuck gets offended by candy ?!, 
  vikings .
