  they are no longer what they used to be . 
  so much clay :(, 
  it was cross-country skiing , the most boring sport on the planet . 
  they just want to watch our porn for free ^ tm . 
  i came . 
  well i want a kaiser back ( of course only representative ) , just for the bling ... there is no bling with german politicians * ( hides behind a wall ) *, 
  reapply 2 . 
  not a fan of her but thats an easy decision . 
  troll or just stupid ? 
   where was bnd , where was german counterintelligence ? 
  the verfassungsschutz ( ~ federal office for the protection of the constitution ) at the coffee dispenser . 
  what the bnd does ? 
  noone really knows . 
  either they 're really good at beeing undetected or they are at the coffee dispenser too . 
  ( i think it 's the coffee option ), 
  on saturdays at 12:15 the all the e57 's in paderborn start crying . 
  not sure what we do when something happens on saturday at 12:15 . 
  til croatia is just a giant port . 
  what will happen to the horse when he arrives ? 
  he 's jobless and stables are expensive . 
  or does ' ... where you intend to work in a riding stables . ', 
  mean that he already has a signed employment contract ? 
  because oettinger was already mentioned : paderborner . 
  i 'm sure the brewery is just the endpoint of our sewage system . 
  c'mon france , we make 50-50 . 
  thanks for the offer , but especially the shipping costs for cans are expensive for ` private shipping ' ( high weight ) . 
  i will pay the import prices until glorious eu-us trade agreement starts and hope that capitalism will do the rest . 
  first world problems : cream soda and beef jerky for not ` fuck you germoney import shop prices ' some oil and gas would n't be bad too . 
  @brave downvoters can anyone of you explain me , how our mostly open society benefits from the fact that some people indirectly show how easy it would be to break through safety precautions of someone important for `` doing something stupid '' ? 
  yes , some days after neonazis got arrested because they planned to use model aircrafts as remote bombs to kill lefties : hey !, 
  why not crashing a drone in front of the chancellor ? 
  #yololo what a dumb idea . 
  time to learn french . 
  i 'm not only disagree with their mapping , i disagree with the whole left-right concept . 
  just do/vote what you think it 's right . 
  this `` i want to be sooooo left or sooooo right '' leads to nothing . 
  more wine and booze for us . 
  thanks russia . 
  we call it duel over here . 
  we know it 's wrong but may be a catchy title will push the viewing rate of this boring event . 
  they even invited stefan raab ( a popular and a bit controversial comedean here ) for reaching younger voters . 
  but it ca n't be more boring than the debate/duel between merkel and steinmeier in 2009 . 
  it 's just impossible ... 
  i do n't think it 's cultural for russians to be arrogant . 
  i met alot and that guy was just one of the rich exceptions ( alot of rich people can be very embarrassing ) . 
  but i get what you mean . 
  was the dinner in a restaurant or at home ? 
  in my opinion saying that at a dinner at someones home would be very rude even for our standards . 
  in a restaurant they would n't think that their statement could be insulting because you ' r not the cook . 
  thanks a lot for the gold stranger !, 
  never had problems with any tourists from other countries . 
  ok , there were weird situations , but never problems . 
  but i will always remember the russian guy who paid me in obertauern ( skiing in austria ) so he can get my table in a pub . 
  sure , it was arrogant like [ insert something very arrogant ] but he paid good . 
  my opinion visualized with glorious paint : http://i.imgur.com/wgavaya.png, 
   the fact citizens in both places voted to remain with the uk should tell you more about the state of spain and argentina than it does about the uk . 
  and that 's ok , i did n't want to take sides with my list . 
  * their mattresses are extremely soft ... i can not sleep on them . 
  * they own a rock in southern spain . 
  spain is not amused * they own a much bigger rock near argentinia . 
  argentinia is n't really amused too . 
  * they own some ireland , the irish ... you know ... * they really love football * have/had a great navy-tradition . 
  the kaiser was so crazy about his grannys navy that he wanted his own . 
  they were not amused * glorious sense of humor * their opinion about ` urup is a mystery * their sausages are dry like sand * the queen is still the ` head ' of multiple sovereign countries, 
  election campaign ? 
  i already thought the campaign was canceled and we just make our cross in september ... my town is so conservative that the cdu does n't really need to promote themselves and the other parties do n't really try it . 
  the reason why muricans will be never as free as we . 
  this post is the first step to remove redundant blanks from the english language . 
  all joking apart : why did the british national archives published confidential papers ? 
  glorious victory . 
   somehow theres a stereotype in germany that they are stealing very often in the last years it was mostly transfered to romanians . 
  it 's a long time since i heard a joke and/or prejudice about stealing poles . 
  they seem to be rehabilitated ^ ^, 
  at the first day of my last job i was 20min too soon ( rush-hour traffic was n't as bad as i thought ) . 
  so i waited 20 minutes in the car so i can be at 8:00 at the foyer . 
  next time i should do a test drive some days before . 
  if someone would dictate the foreign policy , we would have something like a constant foreign policy . 
  but the daily life teaches us that this is n't the case . 
  and he did n't mention the war in the whole song . 
  it 's so unknown that max frisch did n't know that it 's a country . 
  so he used the name for a fictional country whose folks do n't really like jews and ` the blacks ' . 
  because of this ( horrible to read ) book/drama alot of german pupils tend to confuse real andorra between spain and france with the fictional andorra . 
  i know that we have more than two parties . 
  but i am rather a cdu voter ( downvotes wo n't change this ) . 
  but that does n't mean that i agree with all their points . 
  i have no problem with the pirate party , for example i absolutely agree with their view on copyright , but i do n't believe that their liquid democracy works ( the ` conflict ' about the smv on their last party congress was the coffin nail for me ) . 
  when i see the greens i see a party which wants to regulate too much ( ban plastic bags , ban smoking everywhere [ i 'm not a smoker ] , ban two-stroke engines , ... the list is long ) . 
  the afd is a club of anti-european jerks and `` the left '' ... 
  i think for me as a cdu voter it 's not necessary to explain why they are n't my first choice . 
  voting someone out means voting another person in . 
  and for me and alot of other people steinbr\u00fcck is n't an alternative . 
  but that does n't mean that i 'm happy with her way of handling with the nsa-spying . 
  of course hitting with a stick is n't enough . 
  that 's why they stopped them just temporarily and not finally . 
  this action is to show that their patience finite . 
  in my opinion stopping the negotiations is hitting the us with the stick . 
  besides the last days taught us that words alone are n't enough . 
  the reactions by the states were just ` unsatisfactory ' ( `` mimimi everyone spies '' , `` it 's to fight terrorism '' or `` c'mon you allready knew it !, 
  do n't act like you 're surprised . '' ), 
  b\u00f8rk !,
