  i do n't want to be a women a women with high-heeled shoes there xd, 
  sounds like the hospital is very ashamed about this part of the building so they deleted all the pictures ... we should do the same . 
  ` alter schwede ' is used in a possitive way . 
  like when you just say ` wow ' . 
  origins of it go back to the end of the thirty years ' war . 
  swedish soldiers were known for being very professional in this time . 
  so they were often hired for drilling the troops . 
  looks like a prison without barred windows ( funfact : we like to call them ` swedish curtains ' here ), 
  [ university of paderborn ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/65/uni-paderborn_panorama.jpg ) ` brutalism ' is one of the most ugly architecture styles i know . 
  to be fair : everyone loves submarines . 
  my ears are bleading ; _ ;, 
  we need this as subreddit o ___ o, 
  it 's just part if his show . 
  he can be normal too :d, 
  melonpan is the best swiss guy on this planet . 
  i should go to portugal , it 's not funny to be a small german ... nooo not funny . 
   hurr durr guns do n't kill people , people kill people ... people kill people with guns . 
  guns are made for scaring/hurting/killing people . 
   i have a right to have/own/develop as much guns as i want ... 
  i never said this ... besides we are talking about drones for the military and not for private people . 
   seriously ? 
  this discussion again ? 
  nukes do n't kill people either . 
  nuclear armed subs do n't kill people . 
  uranium or phosphorous shells do n't kill people either . 
  fuck the geneva convention . 
  fuck the people further down the generational line . 
  fuck prevention . 
  fuck humanity !, 
  lets escalate this shit !!, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  nukes , uranium and phosphor shells ? 
  my comment was only about drones and that we need clear rules of engagement ( and of course controls ) . 
  yes , drones are weapons for scaring/hurting/killing the enemy , thats what war is about . 
  dito , not the drones are the problem , the way how some countries ( usa ) use them . 
  without a war declaration ( e.g. 
  in pacistan etc. ), 
  thats not acceptable . 
  if they wanted to , they could use helicopters for the same actions . 
  so it 's not a problem with the drones , it 's a lack at the rules of engagement and diplomacy . 
  drones are a just a more effective way to save the lifes of the own soldiers , like giving them armoured transporters or tanks . 
  i had only one year at school and stupid 13 year old me did ' t like it . 
  today ( 9 years later ) i hate me for this decision . 
  maybe one day i will fix this failure . 
  to the next 50 years !, 
  ( i would write it in french too ... but i would do it wrong ... ), 
  it 's a shame that france has to fight alone . 
  and i thought empress merkel would be ugly ... but in relation to this woman she is hot . 
  that was some kind of reflex , not proud about it ; _ ;, 
  i 'm not good in dividing stuff , so i drew something else . 
  women with austrian accent ... i just want to hug them . 
  would be the country of beer and wine ... ( together with the netherlands it would be beer + wine + dope ) . 
  sounds very awesome . 
  france , but do n't say them ... they do n't need to know . 
  never learned latin , but i prefer ` magnus phallus ', 
  on the daarrrrrk side of the moon !, 
  we can use our ( not secret anymore ) moonbase for this . 
  we restart talking latin . 
  mercenaries for domestic security ? 
  * blackwater * - mercenaries for domestic security !? 
  bitch please ... 
  for the first time the gema is n't useless and counterproductive . 
  the man is like mitt romney . 
  he does everything within his power for not beeing elected . 
  is there any country in the world where the deutsche bank is not involved in scandals ? 
  germany : + healthcare + public safety - too much federalism ( e.g. 
  every state here has an own education policy ... thats just stupid and ineffective ) - ( bonus ) we do n't have cream soda ... but i ***** love cream soda, 
  vladimir is not amused . 
  some info for the `` i do n't understand anything '' faction ? 
   it 's a shame that bmw , daimler , etc. 
  should suffer for one 's mistake . 
  i 'm sure other manufacturers will follow , the next couple of days could be interesting . 
  most kind of benchmarks are shady in practice . 
  someone has tasted blood . 
   ... because then the hand gets very hot . 
  because of black leather gloves to improve realism ? 
  so we just replace one hk product with another as always ? 
  refugees are not allowed to work in the first 3 months . 
  germans and people from other eu countries get automatically favored at job applications ( by law ) . 
  they always need the permission by the zav ( ~ international placement service ) to accept the job . 
  as a refugee in germany you only get the jobs no one else from europe wants to do . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  would look for the most promising destination too if i had to leave my own country . 
  she never did . 
  the discussion was why the decision making for allowing them to stay or not are too long . 
  this is alot of pressure for these people . 
  we do the same . 
  why not ? 
  99 % of the people are adults . 
  a siemens m55 in 2003 . 
  it had fucking colors . 
  glorious feel . 
  sometimes i still use it when i do n't want to bring my smartphone . 
  hate speech is not covered by free speech in germany . 
  it 's the `` your personal freedom ends where the freedom of someone else begins '' issue . 
  the call for facebook to stop is also not about expressing your opinion . 
  it 's about really crazy shit about calls/demands/hints to attack them or shelters for asylum seekers . 
  the problem is that facebook only starts to act when those threats target single specific persons , but not `` abstract groups '' . 
  good way to invest in eastern poland .
