this should be more what you have to look for : http://www.make-it-in-germany.com/en/ there are always unallocated places for a vocational training in some sectors . 
  but employment test number one is always : is the potential employee able to find the information autonomously ? 
  ( visiting the mentioned url , reading job advertisements or just asking the companies via phone or email ) . 
  there are no agencies who just ` invite ' the people . 
  was it known that he speaks the languages ? 
  because i would never try to ask a fin or swede something in german . 
  even an ebola hotspot is a better place to live right now . 
  you ca n't treat your ` local ' separatism infection with hygiene . 
  was n't scotland mostly pro eu ? 
  poor scotland ... 
  it would be a tragic accident . 
  for some people more tragic than for other people . 
  there is some shit on the world we will never truly understand . 
  my condolences to her family . 
  * france : thx for teaching grandpa more than beeing a soldier ( he learned carpenting during his captivity ) * polish people know how to work without complaining * britain : inventing doctor who was very nice act * austria/switzerland/northern italy : ze mountains < 3, 
  the problem outsources itself . 
  no reddit for you , you should w\u00f6rk . 
  that will teach us !, 
  he just feeled the music . 
  i loled hard . 
  did you hear that ? 
  sounds like poland attacked a german radio station . 
  the bridge needs more modded animu bitches with big swords . 
  he is allowed to close his mouth . 
  they should just replace humanity with russians . 
  then they would be right . 
  not sure what to say . 
  i neither feel sad nor joy . 
  she chose her disgusting way . 
  today i plan to eat curry . 
  ok : our colonies were tiny * or * boring . 
  our colonies were tiny and boring . 
  but alot of people liked france when ... you know . 
  oettinger as commissioner for digital economy and society ? 
  sounds like the eu does n't want a commissioner for digital economy and society . 
  by the way , how would we call the uk ? 
  the not so united kingdom ? 
  belarus is ruining all the russian self sanction fun . 
  yay . 
  is n't this nato-meeting today ? 
  sounds like they found at least one potential interested customer . 
  aaaand it 's gone . 
  to be fair : back in 39 no one had nuclear warheads . 
  holding white paper on photos for the internet . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  i would n't say it 's the fault of the nato itself . 
  it 's the fact that the member states in the nato can transfer the ` work ' to the us . 
  and in the last decade the us seemed to have no problem with how it is/was . 
  in a battle with alcohol and surrounded by hookers . 
  is it true that all ministers have to be ( temporary ) removed to remove a single one ? 
  or are they really forming an all new cabinet ? 
  aaaand they 're all gone . 
  german comment sections are full of astroturfers since the beginning of the year . 
  even under iraq-isis-syria articles you find putin trolls . 
  they must be very shy because you never meet this people in public . 
  if hitler is considered as austrian : himmler . 
  former reichsf\u00fchrer-ss , head of the gestapo and the man in charge of the concentration camps . 
  do n't let them in and if they try give them a picture of the sun because they should n't see the real one for the rest of their lifes . 
  is it known who is behind the ( officially ) belarussian companies ? 
  because someone is earning a shitload of money right now . 
   what does that even mean ? 
  dates that prove that the image is n't weeks old . 
  the good old and most `` classy '' way to do this is holding a newspaper next to the event ... but who is carrying around a newspaper all the time ? 
  another point is including landmarks ( road signs , buildings etc. ), 
  for verifying the location . 
  but i do n't want to say that this pictures are fake because i do n't know . 
  igor , please get an infection and just die from it . 
  the problem is that you do n't only need the money ( for buying and maintain it ) . 
  the problem is that the state of bavaria wo n't sell it . 
  needs more cheese . 
  cheese tomorow , cheese next week and cheese next month . 
  if you do n't like cheese , you should start liking it . 
  `` police '', 
  now i feel bad for buying more milk than i will probably need . 
  more than 95 % of crimeans voted for joining russia . 
  all 25 of them . 
  edited : imperialistic mathematics, 
  unlike other conflicts at the moment , there is only one way to deal with isis . 
  hunting everyone of them who has a more important job there than making the coffee or tea . 
  isis is something that just must n't exist . 
  `` telling '' the romans that we have no need for aqueducts , sanitation , roads , medicine , education , wine , public baths , public safety and inner peace . 
  i just imagine the chaos if russians will blocked in eve online ... 
  for what is/was he wanted ? 
  so we just : 1 . throw everything in biomass power plants 2 . 
  morally questionable . 
  but that guy is 80 + they would n't imprison him anyway . 
  so the court desided to just take the shiny money . 
  but next time they should think bigger ... only 100m $ ? 
   when it used shitty russian planes what are they flying now ? 
  if boing or airbus , someone should add plane exports to the sanction queue . 
  must be one of those new drones . 
  this time someones taxes were spent wisely . 
  thx femen , well done . 
  all quiet at ze costa rican front . 
  i know what you mean , but prussia without the prussians would just be a germany extension with the name ` prussia ' . 
  the prussians were killed or mostly assimilated in other parts of germany or poland . 
  together with the rest of prussia . 
  there is no way to bring it back . 
  a resurrected k\u00f6nigsberg would just be like a zombie or a themepark ... or a zombie themepark . 
  digging holes in a country below sea level is not cool .
