  i 'm happy that i 'm not a journalist . 
  because you ca n't force your citizens out of their country ? 
  of course there is always the chance for a french to work e.g. 
  in germany if they want , but that requires speaking the language . 
  language barriers are the biggest issue for finding work in fellow eu countries . 
  they only have 2 options : - not selling because too cheap ( wo n't happen by states that need the sells for their national finances ) - trying to be competitive ( when it comes too raw materials competitiveness is only influenced by the price ), 
  exactly . 
  when searching `` mein kampf pdf '' on google already the first entry will provide the original in german language ( volume 1 and 2 ) . 
  the book was also never actually forbidden . 
  but the state of bavaria has hold the copyright ( without using it ) so no one else was allowed to print and sell it . 
   did n't the french officially surrender to the nazis ? 
  it 's not that they had a real choice . 
  when your tactics fail and you are out of ideas you have only the choice between unavoidable destruction and death or just surrender . 
  germany did it in wwi ( in the result poor as fuck but not completely devastated ) and what happens if you wait too long could be seen in wwii ( also poor as fuck but also reduced to rubble ) . 
  getting a hunting license is a rather long process . 
  it 's `` easier '' to join a sch\u00fctzenverein ( shooting club ) and get a waffenbesitzkarte ( gun ownership license ) . 
  there would be a competence test ( should be about gun safety , laws etc. 
  i do n't know for sure ) , a check of your criminal record and a check that you 're not mentally ill . 
  it should be noted that a waffenbesitzkarte only allows owning a gun and using it at a shooting range . 
  it 's forbidden to carry it arround operational . 
  if the holder does n't participate in gun sports for too long he will loose his license . 
  demonstrations can take place everywhere . 
  not only where the conflict is happening . 
  every winter north of the alps and south of scandinavia :(, 
  if prohibiting people ( and damage limitation by removing it ) from calling for physical/psychological violence against other ethnic or political groups reminds you of nazism you should open a post '45 history book . 
  for those who do n't know : this is also the guy who organized this `` sharia police '' which was a topic here some days ago ( [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3w6mjm/sharia_police_not_punishable/ ) ), 
  tried to read it years ago . 
  it was even more exhausting than marx ... for other reasons but still fucking exhausting . 
  was surprised as fuck that they had breaking bad . 
  could n't believe my eyes that a state funded channel had it . 
  the person who decided it must have been french ... thats the only explanation . 
  yes let no one of them remain . 
  and then set the whole area under un supervision . 
  there is already no one left in the area who could lead the country . 
  building stuff also needs time . 
  and winter is not always as warm as last year . 
  technically you are free to apply . 
  why should wearing a burqua be protected by art . 
  5 ( freedom of opinion ) ? 
  art . 
  5 only makes sure that it will always be legal to argue against such a law . 
  art . 
  4 ( freedom of religion ) would be more relevant . 
  in that case the courts would need to determine that burqas are really part of the islam . 
  since the quran does n't mention burqas directly it 's technically possible to ban them . 
  prohibiting akp linked organizations like ditip in germany would be more realistic . 
  or putting bozkurt/grey wolfes insignia to the list of anticonstitutional symbols . 
  it is easy to ignore the un human rights agreements in discussions for people who are n't in charge to implement their solutions . 
  huge economical decline over a longer time . 
  the ties between this decline and erdogan need to be so clear that even the best propaganda ca n't hide it . 
  his support is based on economical achievements in the past , take those away and he is fucked in mid term . 
  those talks are n't real membership talks for years now . 
  it 's just another diplomatic channel . 
  are you austrian at heart ? 
  sponsered by easyjet ? 
  still like it . 
  do n't know if i should laugh or cry . 
  pre order now to play as germany !, 
  not wrong but we are n't the only country guilty of this crime . 
  complaining about unimportant shit in german . 
  i gave up . 
  if they want to leave they should . 
  i watch the show . 
  trade agreements etc. 
  do n't appear instantly and are the result of years of negotiations . 
  and those wo n't be easy once the initial impact of a ` brexit ' will weaken britains negotiating position . 
  not to mention that half of the negotiation partners are pissed europeans . 
  nope . 
  \u00df ! = b, 
  who wants ukip immigrants ? 
  they even have an app to prevent accidental incest . 
  spaces are like breaks . 
  we do n't need them . 
  the economists left with founder lucke when the far right took over and the part with the interlectuals was more of a label they gave themself . 
  they 're not splitting ( at the moment ) . 
  but they loose their supporters who only support them because they are anti merkel . 
  while you may get into bureaucratic trouble when burning your passport it still does n't matter . 
  citizenship is not tied to the existence/state of the document . 
  it is really really hard to become stateless and normally includes a specific revocation of the citizenship or the extinction of a whole country . 
  and even if the second happens you can only become stateless if you are outside of the affected country during the transition of country a ( ukraine ) to country b ( russia/new ukraine/whatever ) . 
   ... and stateless persons who live there ... how can someone in eastern ukraine be stateless ? 
  neither the ukraine nor russia have magically disappeared from the map . 
  i would be surprised if the ukraine has revoked the citizenships of the people in the east and russian `` tourists '' who `` forget '' their passports are n't stateless . 
  low . 
  i guess he would only run for it to avoid that sigmar gabriel becomes the spd candidate which would make the next elections for the spd even worse . 
  it 's more likely that he becomes the next foreign minister . 
  i 'm sure we can stop this much cheaper and faster . 
  one day we will send the dutch with a one way ticket to mars and hope they 'll terraform it while we fuck up our homes . 
  my dislike is not because of its message . 
  imo it was exhausting to read since its a play and not like a novel . 
  it 's just a very long dialog . 
  it lacks all the extensive descriptions of the characters and the environments i love in books . 
  much better than the book . 
  for some reason i hated it at school . 
  some gardeners will make good money when it becomes necessary to trim the trees/bushes . 
  could they avoid this by slightly change the law ? 
  or the `` part time sea '' . 
  he has my full support for this . 
  absolutely disrespectful by the meps . 
  of course there are reasons when it 's okay to miss a session but what happened here ( only ~ 30 showed up ) is ridiculous .
