  in theory yes , in practice , it is laughable that country will be willing to accept unlimited immigration . 
  just put progressively more unreasonable number of refugees in germany and tell me you do n't foresee real issues and braking points eventually . 
  there really are n't any pro democratic forces currently though . 
  but deadly implies something else . 
  grievously maybe ? 
  not sure it is better . 
  but that would require nin , no ? 
  ca n't you stop them on that stage ? 
  turkey is actually strategically important to nato and has sizeable military . 
  how this plays out might have interesting implications on eu army , although it is probably mostly posturing . 
  it will depend largely of how the uk is doing in 5 years or so , absolutely not point to push separatism , when you have a chance to observe how one goes first . 
  yep , but it was my understanding that the uk gov has the information , it just wants to force companies to make it public . 
  eeeh , they do n't have the money for a fraction of that , i am pretty sure by now their military runs on distilled malice and populism . 
  what makes you think it only focus on low-skilled labour , is there indication it will only be for specific sectors ? 
  public shaming with slight xenophobic undertones is not the same as transparency . 
  hey , angry with those poles that take your jobs , here is where they work , no problems here . 
  i hope the names of people is not disclosed though , with social media stalking , this will be nasty . 
  fair enough , i only knew a handful , hardly a representative sample . 
  obviously , i am not offended or anything like that , but it was not the first time i read it , and not always in a purely jokey manner . 
  is it a widely believed though , any historical precedence ? 
  i know that stereotypes do n't need to be true to be funny , but either people actually believe it ( at least a little bit ) , or there is something i am missing . 
  not in here , but there are some bad stuff about about ees in uk in his comment history . 
  they actually considered it , according to some video that was posted here . 
  omg , what the hell is with german women being unattractive idea , do people widely believe it ? 
  i have only known 6 or so but not one could be considered unattractive in the slightest . 
  collage age tho but still ... 
  mostly because you have to be kinda sure , which makes it unreasonably expensive and protracted . 
  plus it does n't really scratch that vengeful itch when it takes a decade of court time . 
  and also it is virtually impossible to make sure it is the right guy hundred percent of the time . 
  persecution fuckary , very suggestible/mentally unstable people . 
  the more certain you make it you have got the right guy , exponentially more expensive it becomes . 
  plus even if it is cheap and fast , what do we gain as a society ? 
  maybe he is just distracting from literal infighting ? 
  i was joking , they tried to switch the candidate when the previous one was failing with some western eu / eu commission support . 
  that did not look good and so the new candidate was n't even seriously considered . 
  the legitimate one refused to back down , so we got two bulgarian women in the running , which was funny . 
  that 's the most british looking romanian woman i 've seen :d . i 've mostly been in scotland though , and the orange stereotype might be playing tricks on me . 
  i really doubt the uk was a big fan of those in any respect , do you know how much you can fund the nhs instead ? 
  edit : in term of political capital though , you have a point . 
  because they take good bulgarian women 's jobs , that 's why !, 
  ; / we even gave them two options , the hell ... / s https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kristalina_georgieva#vice-president_of_the_european_commission.2c_2014-present https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irina_bokova#unesco, 
  it was mostly superfluous point . 
  just the idea that one of the more `` antisocial '' countries is so enthusiastic about socialising ( integrate into society ) so many people , is a bit odd . 
  although i assume humanitarianism is the driving force and everything else is an afterthought . 
  one of the universally good advises . 
  the splintering happened because of patriarch nikon of moscow - 1652 to 1666 , nothing suspicious here . 
  did 666 have any meaning back in the day ? 
  thanks !, 
  sorry to bring it back to that , but did you as a nation consider that integrating a considerable , disenfranchised and cultural distinct minority would require human contact , a lot of it , and sometimes of the uncomfortable variety ? 
  hey could you give a very basic outline of how such algorithm would be build and function , thanks :d, 
  well i am not saying it is a waste in general terms , but it is for me a waste of public funds . 
  well we are kinda building nuclear power plant rather than a nuclear bunker . 
  it also seems to be a tremendous waste of money . 
  also , it is very close to the border , so if it goes bad , at least you have where to go . 
  if there are missions of devout people i am sure they can build their own cathedral . 
  millions *, 
  that part of the population can put their money where their mouth is . 
  thanks , in regard to the previous comment why is it disgraceful for them to take sides on political issues/protest , that is what parties do . 
  who are those po and . n folks ? 
  i am not facing any crisis here , there were sirens going on yesterday , but that was only for prophylactics ... ; /, 
  he did though . 
  the gun lobby banned all research on gun violence . 
  no legitimate research exist because the gun lobby is afraid of what it will show . 
  is there really anything to discuss here ? 
  depending on distance - aiming down has less potential to go wrong than straight ahead . 
  plus more law enforcement and scrutiny of law enforcement and political actions maybe . 
  fair enough , but the emergence of new type of jobs are not far fetched . 
  social work , more liberal spending for entertainment ( art , cinema , video games development ) , hard sciences , mechanical and software upkeep . 
  the full employment may go down significantly ( very ) - but those free humans could be payed to peruse humanitarian things , language and culture exchange . 
  i do n't disagree because it seems logical , but as someone who has done shitty ( not really , but low skill ) jobs in scotland , i never noticed even a trace of that . 
  are there any more concrete evidence , good studies , or opinions of people who actually employ ? 
  that is bad for the weapon . 
  i agree with you in principle , but before two years from art50 everything is pure speculation ( for the most part ) . 
  so the `` majority opinion '' will be indicated by the most liquid and localised asset . 
  now i am not an expert and i do n't know that to be true , but the currency seems to be the most obvious one . 
  can they train everybody they will need in that time frame , or will that be a ninja cut to staffing/wait times proving how bad the nhs is ? 
  if she actual intends it . 
  well , is n't the worry that more and more positions will be lost , leaving people in an uncertain situation . 
  i do n't think that anyone believes that it makes sense to keep people employed if they are obsolete . 
  that is fair enough , but it gives us considerable control over the consequences of energy production . 
  we have little control over fossil fuel emissions . 
  plus nuclear does n't have to be very long term solution , just a way to minimise damage until green energy becomes more viable , or whether better solution emerges . 
  finally someone gets it , sheesh !, 
  it would n't be surprising if they were subsidised even if the initiative comes 100 % from the private sector . 
  i do n't know if that is so though . 
  oh come on , if he went with tunnelling machines that also extract resources under turkey in their off-time , i could have went with it . 
  / s the spiritual angle is that strong huh , ca n't even conspiracy right . 
  fair point but the baby is an actual danger to the woman 's body in a billion ways , just like drugs , i move to propose banning pregnancies !, 
  eastern european women are a bit like african-american women when it comes to checking multiple boxes at the same time it seams . 
  ha , it is called gypsy summer in bulgarian , seriously no idea why . 
  just wanted to say that from personal anecdotes strongly disagree with the german ladies comment . 
  also who was mrtulip , the traveller from the first two books ? 
  read those in bulgarian ca n't be sure . 
  any chance this is a satire ? 
  i am pretty sure it is disrespectful what he does whit the icon . 
  we can take care of that ... 
  all i am saying is most of what happened was n't as nice as relocation . 
  ehhh , i got you but displaced might not be the most accurate word there . 
  well at least you get more space exploration with one of those , 
  it 's a romney reference .
