at no point in this election did anyone give a shit about policy , he would have been fine . 
  not even some mexicans ? 
  he can leave the kenyans for the second term . 
  well yeah , it is a case of recency bias , like we were under ottoman rule for five centuries , and that is relatively recent . 
  it is a shitty thing , but do n't make it out to be illogical . 
  wow , it is not easy to be a german on this sub , ha ? 
  do you get really angry at people like that , or is it a second nature by now :d ? 
  is n't it an issue every time you figure out you are missing an ingredient for something you wan na cook tonight ? 
  sarcasm does n't translate over the internet , especially on political topics nowadays . 
  you are not too cool for / s. 
  how is it irony , i can be against shoddy oil drilling that results in spills and still use a car ( do you find irony here as well ) . 
  if you think a bunch people ( corporation ) are doing something wrong , it does n't mean you want to delete from the face of the planet , all it means is , would n't be nice if they stopped doing this shady thing . 
  one can only hope !, 
  what is the difference , i never understood that argument ( in general ) . 
  the act as if they are , they talk as if they are , but somehow they in their heath of hearts they are not feeling it strong enough for some people . 
  what makes you feel gerb has different plans ? 
  websites with no critical data are not security concerns . 
  it is nothing more than vandalism . 
  the damage was mostly somewhere else ... hugely important !, 
  sure but what do you want , is it just identity issue , or is there something more concrete ? 
  it was a non binding referendum , basically a very expensive opinion poll , no democratically elected government has the responsibility to enact everything that has 51 percent or more popularity . 
  second that , do n't let your dreams be dreams !, 
  ok , now that is insane to me . 
  visiting a different places of warship , like in this story , makes quite a bit of sense , even as it clearly does n't `` feel '' right to some people . 
  but from the sound of it , your whole class was attending a religious ceremony , i assume mandatorily . 
  even if not mandatory it still does n't feel right to me . 
  i guess our part of the world have a bit of anti-theistic streak from the commies and even further anti-islam one from five centuries of dubious cohabitation with our friends down south . 
  no but the mozzarella one is definitely shittier . 
  it looks the same also , if you miss the `` edizione speciale '' , which i have no idea what it is supposed to mean , you will have no idea . 
  not sure about the price though , might be cheaper that the original , ca n't remember . 
  what is the difference ? 
  name a single dead person that did n't drink water !, 
  ftfy, 
  alright but the gov has all this info , right , how is the public also having it helping ? 
  sending a suggestion to the authorities to audit if something is off ? 
  are there any cases/stories related to this ? 
  eeeh , i am speaking purely theoretically here , because it is a really touchy subject . 
  the problem is not really that gypsies are incapable of integrating or lacking something fundamental . 
  there are at least two popular and successful roma musicians in bulgaria . 
  the one real problem is the high birth rate , and obscenely low age of having a first child for girls , which also means no education . 
  so no matter what you do , even if integration efforts are successful 50 percent of the time will always have a sizeable number of integrated people . 
  now i assume similar reasons led to the chinese one child policy . 
  but effectively doing anything in that direction is so dangerous and taboo politically that we would rather be known as the premium gypsy exporters , than do anything . 
  and just in case , my idea of meddling with birth rates does n't go beyond financial incentives/distinctiveness ( and there are some of those in place to certain degree ) . 
  thriving lower class sounds funny :d . what does this this entail , full thee meals a day ? 
  some of it is just ugly , no need to go beyond that . 
  marriage is and always has been organisational system . 
  it is important for taxes , child care ( like who is the legal guardian in all sorts of scenario ) , inheritance and all sorts of useful stuff . 
  as long the conditions are the same under civil unions and marriage i do n't have huge issue with the semantics . 
  you are right , disbanding the institution all together also avoids the discrimination . 
  whichever comes first . 
  you are not wrong , but there is difference between protecting allies militarily and expecting your allies to join in your acts of aggression . 
  this is all purely speculative , i really ca n't see the usa starting an actual war . 
  couple of coup attempts , sure , but war ? 
  i like the guy who voices house better than the original , he is pretty good . 
  and i am sure that if you were to take steps to stop that illegal activity you wo n't face much resistance from either side . 
  oooh really , that will be a good one , whats the latest dangerous religious-political ideology coming from this parts , because when it comes to those you seem to be in a league of your own , do n't know how we can compete . 
  ours is the same but with a potato base , made it today myself !, 
  obviously , but i would take more issue with him not hovering over the flag , all questions could have been answered . 
  well no split something from something else , you tend to lose unity . 
  i am sure you will feel tremendous amounts of unity towards scotland if they win an independence referendum . 
  oh not poland again !, 
  i 'm pretty sure he is a troll , or simulating what pro-refugee people would say . 
  not necessarily , but in a representative democracy you wave the infrastructure to weather down negatives of uninformed public . 
  with a referendum you do n't . 
  did you just try to patent corruption . 
  so you get cut out of every bribe or something ? 
  if you try to pretend that attitudes towards women in ee are remotely comparable to syria or afghanistan , you must have some warped understanding of the societies in those areas . 
  he will most certainly not get pregnant . 
  hepatitis is much more straight forward to define and quantify though . 
  uup , but the uk could have milked the eu for all the benefits and shaped it from within so much it is n't even funny . 
  i do wish you all the best but from purely selfish , machiavellian point of view so the wrong move . 
  true , but that would be the uk willing demoting themselves to an extraordinary degree , for nothing in return , not even optics . 
  no way can they sell that domestically . 
  not even if all media outlets push the idea and they invent couple of more . 
  staying in the eu would be the absolute best for the uk and a dubious honour for the eu . 
  i guess it 's sad brits ca n't see how much unjustifiable leverage they had on the union . 
  eeeh , blatantly prioritising pensioners over every one else does n't feel good just in general . 
  plus i am sure it has nothing to do with their high voting turnout . 
  a lot will go in covering debt too , not sure how this would figure in . 
  for what it 's worth i got `` have fun with your life '' to be quite passive aggressive , as apparently it was meant . 
  the icky ones get stuck on an island some way off in australia . 
  that 's bound to relieve some tension . 
  all i want to know is how is toilet paper ruining friendships ? 
  i 'm pretty sure with those two it is cultural/historical . 
  yes two referendums sounds disastrous , if only the scots get less representation , noting could go wrong . 
  there are alternative modes of successions you know . 
  we have quite a bit of muslims , no problems here , other than political stunts from time to time . 
  but that is more of a live theater , with minor injuries . 
  i was even thinking if bulgaria could be a relatively good place of islamic refuges , since there is somewhat respectable religious infrastructure . 
  but even then i ca n't see it being a better option than turkey . 
  do you think it is more likely to pass this time around ? 
  apparently it is now allowed by a new law pushed by britain . 
  well , that is just too damn reasonable . 
  it 's not really that communist times were the best , but almost anything will look good compared to the transitional period . 
  switching economic and political systems at the same time is bound to hurt , a lot . 
  not that there was any reasonable alternative . 
  front line soldiers ? 
  you are probably right , but it is bright and forces you to notice . 
  unobtrusive buildings are well ... easier to ignore .
