  omg , stop with what you do n't like , give an example what system you would like to see , and maybe thoughts on how to get there . 
  i was agreeing with you ( bad wording ) . 
  it helps though , when those external factors fade out of living memory . 
  causing unnecessary friction , so much talk about crime and punishment , before art50 has even been enacted . 
  that is preposterous !, 
  all or nothing . 
  hey , so most bulgarians do n't dislike macedonians in the slightest . 
  i met two of you on a brigade in the usa of places , we could understand each other pretty well , though i have heard we have it easier understanding you than you us . 
  you might be aware that the balkans were and still are a mess . 
  in the ottoman empire people were living in multilingual mixed communities oftentimes . 
  with the rise of nationalistic ideas , nation states were build on political and ethnic grounds with a lot `` population exchanges '' . 
  macedonia is still a sore subject to some degree , mostly because of all the wars we were part of in an attempt to reunify . 
  but a lot of water is under that bridge , and there are no true arbiter of what is a legit national identity . 
  not really , the distinctions is that some nations are created by exterior forces . 
  does n't make much difference in a couple of centuries i suppose . 
  those things are not unique to the eu , they are a global issue . 
  usa is not in the eu and still 100 percent of i-phones are made outside the usa with minimal labour regulations and so forth . 
  there is no `` closed economy `` s that can exists in some labour paradise today , global economic forces are too great . 
  the eu definitely makes things worse in some aspects as you pointed out , but there are many advantages to not disbanding it . 
  first of all if a capitalist decides to moves his capital abroad , no amount of shouting by a politician or even sweetheart deals will convince them otherwise . 
  with the eu at least the benefits of that goes to a country within the union more often than not . 
  you can use this as leverage to push for higher standards in this country and eu as whole in many ways , something you would n't be able to do in china for example . 
  i do n't know if the eu is good for tax evasion overall but at least within the system there is a chance for europe-wide solution to be implemented . 
  with a bunch of individual nation states , tax evasion is unlikely in my opinion to be less of an issue . 
  the most important issue though is global corporate pressure . 
  there are a whole bunch of multinational corporation that are insanely powerful and very adept at lobbying politicians . 
  quite a few might have a higher yearly profits than my country 's gdp . 
  the eu provides a counterbalance to that that in my opinion will be crucial to fight of those influences that are at the crux of the deregulation push . 
  there is this famous rupert murdoch quote `` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . '', 
  to illustrate the point . 
  the quote is second hand i think , so ca n't be sure how true it is . 
  all in all , i am not saying do n't criticise the eu but really try to think of the realistic alternative . 
  is n't that skin cancer ? 
  how hard is that to figure out ? 
  even if you do n't catch it early , you are bound to get a suspicious looking dead guy eventually . 
  well , he has a point - he did , very observant for a 15 year old . 
  sounded more satirical than trolly to me . 
  after our politicisation have seen that it can actually work ? 
  i ca n't see it . 
  well it was meant to be a joke , bad one at that , but i did clarify that i am hoping for them to succeed . 
  late reprocess , but no kind of competent engineer was ever barred from any country , ever . 
  hmm , why ca n't you vape with them ? 
  i am smoking currently , but i was perfectly happy with a vaporiser , just treated the exact same was a cigarette , no smoking inside and such . 
  worked well for social purposes . 
  thank you for your time !, 
  are csos well trained ? 
  there are police forces that are not armed ( much ) but they are still police officers which comes with certain gravitas . 
  it sounds a bit silly to me to put civilians in particularly dicey situations . 
  how well do you think those refugees could integrate , based on what you have seen ? 
  i know this is a loaded question , but i am just curious in your perception , based on different people you might know from different backgrounds . 
  yeah , the whole situation is no-win . 
  by the way what is your perception of the gender balance of the refugees ? 
  i do n't know what the problem is precisely with the police , but if they take the necessarily action , which is never pretty no matter what , what do you think the public reaction would be ? 
  hmm , i suppose no-go zones just mean different things for different people . 
  for some it s full or partial loss of central authority over a certain area , for others it means no natives can pass there without being assaulted . 
  is there an inherent conflict between democracy and socialism in your view ? 
  you are so far ahead by now , it is not even fun anymore . 
  lets hope those new developments bring new excitement to the stats . 
  i do n't really hope that , wish you all the luck !, 
  we were a really bad nazi puppet . 
  germany simply ca n't pick their allies . 
  i meant it more in the way that the arab cold war is roughly iran vs saudi , both with external backing . 
  i do n't know how much this is important to the syrian conflict in particular . 
  disentangling all those conflicts and interventions would be mighty undertaking though . 
  and the usa on behalf of saudi arabia . 
  i feel obliged to mention that if you are feeling bagpipe withdrew symptoms in the future , we have you covered : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elokncu9zbs&amp;ab_channel=nikivasilev https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ft9qucu1mvu&amp;ab_channel=boyandobrev, 
  because you wo n't get a vote with any other major actor . 
  not even a courtesy call to let you know what is coming . 
  more service , more software ( maybe ) , and more entertainment . 
  youtube type people ( content creators ) , hobby group managers ? , more travel will need more people in that industry . 
  still a big number of people will be unemployed . 
  they may very well work on projects , some of which will turn out to have economic value . 
  late to the party , but they probably have the engineers and the authority to give the engines a good look before slapping it in their cars . 
  well obviously , it ca n't happen too much , but you ca n't keep a sub with so much heated conversations purely serious . 
  as long as it does n't happen every couple of months or so , why ? 
  because he is self-conscious about it . 
  he said it is not true , but even it was it did not reflect on the size of other things . 
  the point of this stat is , to show how early on their term they no longer have popular support . 
  it does n't really matter where they start . 
  you are being over dramatic , couple of days of having to scroll a bit down to find something relevant is not going to destroy the sub . 
  so in a large scale invasion oversees , are only marines going ? 
  i assume soldiers are shipped too ? 
  it 's going take more than a century , and when it comes to race wars , europeans conduct the best race wars . 
  on a more serous note , religion is really not the main problem . 
  there are many muslims in bulgaria and for the most part we get along swimmingly . 
  now a couple million saudi dollars might change that , but i am optimistic . 
  the problem with refugees will be the complete lack of respect and historical and cultural ties to the land they are gon na inhabit and the people living there . 
  it could be overcome , but the price will be significant . 
  and i do n't mean money . 
  god damn , those people ca n't be serious , this has to be a neo-nazi recruitment video of sorts . 
  the last part at least , the first part was pretty reasonable from a certain perspective . 
  god damn , whats what is wrong with people , i am getting worried that there is one in bulgaria , i have n't came across ; / . 
  second that !, 
  the hours we study it are so not enough . 
  like three hours a week for four years or so . 
  for comparison , english is from kindergarten and and in eight grade we got ten hours a week . 
  not everyone gets this intense english year though , i think . 
  i kinda regret going with german over russian , but only because i suck at language acquisition and more russian might have stuck because it is closer . 
  german itself is pretty cool language though , because at least superficially it seems to be very logically structured . 
  well if all you say is , the good old days strong middle class are gone , you will only become poorer and your kids are likely going to be poorer than you while income inequality rises , so the top dogs get richer and richer , you are not going to get voted in .
