  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2h8ujx6t0a&amp;ab_channel=laanfiowe probably . 
  well it is literally based on european folklore , no need for technicalities :d, 
  did they really say orks in bulgarian ? 
  would n't you think that over scrutinising arabs on airports is more of a 9/11 consequence maybe exasperated by recent immigration . 
  what are the polish so sad about in the picture ? 
  it is certainly not the worst thing in the world . 
  it just feels a bit off when both sides throw identical arguments and rebuttals . 
  why do you feel so strongly that the financial strain should be on the man and not on society ( gov ) . 
  if a guy is not willing to pay he would n't be any meaningful part of a kind 's life . 
  or maybe not having to pay might make it more likely to interact with the kids . 
  not sure how this one goes . 
  well , i mean if you have zones where things that are illegal in the host nation are deemed legal based on cultural and religious grounds , you can make the argument . 
  it is a bit of a stretch , but you can see how some may perceive it that way . 
  literally the article . 
  it was also for building homes in my grandfather ( 85 ) 's day . 
  but if a woman can choose to say woopsie did ' t mean i am ending it , so should her partner . 
  but that is the exact argument for forcing women to deal with the consequences . 
  and what is the right of controlling women 's behaviour product of ? 
  promoting more abortions !!! ... 
  what we always wanted :d, 
  the point was ( i think ) it is not a bad thing for turkey to cherry pick since if more highly skilled syrians stay in the region and away from eu they are more likely to return home and have a chance of building a stable nation . 
  you have a church tax ? 
  is it used for anything special ? 
  he meant to say that the refuges would become a significant minority and somewhat segregated which would introduce minority-majority tensions . 
  how could it ever not feel forced if it is mandatory ? 
  oh did n't see his flair , my bad . 
  what have we ever done to you ? 
  so is roumania not considered balkan ? 
  i live much closer to bucharest than sofia and i 'm not sure how to feel about it , 
  i do n't think drones bomb people only in self defence ( the person you responded to was talking about drones ) russia deserves 100 percent of the flack they are getting for the plane . 
  although i have a problem with the moral grandstanding . 
  killing a plane full of civilians by accident is deplorable but at least not a common predetermined tactic . 
  double tap drone attacks are in a league of their own . 
  even if you believe they have a legitimate target and it is worth it killing a couple of bystanders - fine , but then bombing first responders is just ... in a league of it 's own . 
  why would romanians decide who canada accepts ? 
  about the grammatical genders , do they really seem logical from the outside , any particular ones you found interesting ? 
  still trying to explain what the op said , and not my opinion , but people would n't be targeted by policy for their skin colour if all people were the same skin colour . 
  he might mean that stalin ignored the ideology of lenin and trotsky , who were the ogs . 
  he reverted to russian imperialism . 
  the alternative approach would have been heavily funding revolution around the world , turning the whole world or close of it communist and then trying to build the communist utopia . 
  it would have been much bloodier process but also stood better chance of success once the whole world is on the same page . 
  so thanks stalin i guess ? 
  am i reading this wrong , we are kinda comparable to belgium , a bit more deaths proportionally but much less injuries . 
  is belgium particularly bad for driving , or are our statistics not that bad ? 
  presumably they would n't riot if it was a white or ethnically french ? 
  person . 
  but it is france we are talking abut , there are few things they will not riot over from what i understand . 
  that is a weak argument , mandatory and free treatment would be better in my mind . 
  and that is just a personal anecdote ( not sure how true ) but i went to uni to scotland , and the locals had really unhealthy relationship with alcohol , presumably because some of them have been forbidden to use it earlier . 
  well i had a russian latvian friend and she would drink till blackout , something i will never understand why people do to themselves . 
  but i brushed that to genetics :d that is interesting : http://www.worldlifeexpectancy.com/cause-of-death/alcohol/by-country/, 
  we have something called romanian electricity , but i do n't remember what it meant . 
  well , i do wash my hands if i pee on them , i just did n't want to come out and say i think highly of my dick 's cleanliness ; / . 
  about the urine thing , i think i heard it from some survivalist discovery show or something of the sort . 
  there is something about squatting being the evolutionary superior way of pooping ( or anatomically better i guess ) . 
  to be fair it does n't say after taking a shit , it says after going to the toilet . 
  urine is sterile , is all i am going to say on the topic . 
  leaking debate questions happened . 
  also changing the mode of election in some states on short notice , closing down voting stations early , all sorts of fuckery . 
  the news outlets gave her so much free coverage , and disparaged bernie on every step . 
  that was because the democratic establishment has good connections with the media were on her side . 
  she refused debates which is just weak if you claim to be a democrat . 
  hillary is not innocent , she did n't deserve to lose to trump , but she did n't deserve to win over bernie , so there ... karma . 
  in the same boat , but gerb have been on about first-past the post voting reform , which has me a bit queasy . 
  do you know something about it , are we going to be doomed to be two party system eventually if they win ? 
  honestly the only thing i like about our democracy is the set-up , i ca n't watch this being taken from me ... 
  ahh , sounds like someone needs panel blocks , we can send some over !, 
  can those cities grow upwards though , if they ca n't expand ? 
  well it is absolutely true , but in my mind we should increase efforts to fight both things as much as humanly possible . 
  i for one am so ok with mandatory breathalysers for all cars . 
  nah not offended , just do n't get it . 
  we did n't put much of a fight when they invaded us , so it could be either first balkan wars or the commy repressions but both are last century , not really centuries ago . 
  you may have a point , but turkey going authoritarian is helping no one . 
  huhh , what 's that supposed to mean . 
  the turks fucked with us centuries ago , there is brief period around the end of communism where it was the other way around but that was last century . 
  ahh , just a general overview , i am not too deep in the specifics . 
  there has always been a turkish party , even though it is strictly against the constitution . 
  anyways somewhat recently the party broke down internally , but because of different external pressures , like russia , turkey allegiances and so forth . 
  so now there are two turkish parties in bg that do n't like each other . 
  it is illegal to campaign in foreign language with government money , so the name dost might have been the reason for the troubles there . 
  edit1 : somewhat ironically in the thread you posted above , some bulgarians were saying that the old guard turkish party are using their connections in the judiciary to fight off the newcomers . 
  it makes sense because there are only so many turks and they have to share . 
  i wonder if having two turkish parties might be better for democracy overall . 
  probably wider walkways , bridges are not that wide usually are they ? 
  yeah , it is a contentious topic . 
  another thing is that bulgar might not refer to monolithic culture/ethnicity but to a wide tribal alliance . 
  honest question , have you interacted with gypsies , how was it ? 
  we do n't like gipsees but did n't genocide them or our jews , check mate atheists !, 
  you are absolutely right the security theater is way too much and mostly useless . 
  however , there are plenty of fundamental things are n't being done . 
  banning saudi imams and funding in europe would be a must . 
  restricting the destabilising influences of the saudis and their best buds usa in the middle east would also be crucial . 
  that requires unified eu though and we are not there yet , might never be . 
  on the off chance it sounds rude , better safe than sorry with those things , although the bridge things is real , like how hard is it ; /, 
  i do n't mind trolls , but trolls that suck at trolling really irritate me . 
  is that some next level moves on your part ? 
  virtually everything offends some people nowadays , not really a good criteria . 
  why is that ? 
  not cool , not cool at all !, 
  you know what , you suck at roadwork , your side of that god damn bridge took you years to renovate , so many wasted hours there .
