  i honestly do n't think many of `` us '' are that materialistic ( something forced by circumstances ) . 
  but the thing is countries went through economic and political collapses at the same time , so a economic and social certainties are lacking . 
  oh so now there are ten percent less spanish soaps ? 
  it was n't just a burn , depending on the situation , there might be a girl dropping not so subtle hints situation as well . 
  it is just grated softer ( so it stays on top ) white cheese . 
  ketchup and mayonnaise is a bit rare , i think . 
  maybe salt as well , depending how salty the cheese is . 
  not homemade ketchup , it is pretty great . 
  nope , plus it is pretty easy to make at home . 
  getting the materials might be hard because of food shortages though . 
  did she specify who with ? 
  plus , how likely is it to be jailed for rape there ? 
  do the they have marry the raped - get out of jail free policy . 
  the bad thing here is , only one would be able to take advantage . 
  gang rapes are a bad idea . 
  just add internet to the deal and look at the numbers spike :d not completely sure if i am joking . 
  does n't sound bad at all , but the no-internet thing is a deal breaker . 
  i am not murdering any norwegians any time soon , sorry ... 
  he was talking about political indoctrination , not the merits of the scientific method . 
  i might be wrong but to me it looks like jazve - nothing mechanical to it as far as i am aware , just boil the coffee in water and remove the residue . 
  the type of ground coffee you need for that might be different than for other stuff . 
  sure but my thinking with the kurdish , from my limited understanding , they have identity , what self determination and represent a big percentage of the population in certain areas . 
  as far as i am concerns that gives them considerably higher status than that of a terrorist organisation . 
  it does n't hurt that that they are fighting `` real '' terrorist organisation . 
  my got , for so long i was wondering why do n't we have kebab in bulgaria and what was that mysterious food , it turns out it is kebabche ( seems kinda obvious now , do n't judge ) . 
  but if so , why is duner called duner kebab , i am still confused . 
  by that definition most governments are terrorist organisations . 
  not to the kurdish . 
  yup , we also made it . 
  would n't it be teslov , like a family name after the profession of making tesli - gardening/hammering/nail-removing tools . 
  you got me on unity , good job there guys !, 
  yup , that is why you pay attention to auto-correct . 
  we have potato `` meatballs '' of sorts , pretty ok as far as veterinarian things go . 
  you have issues !, 
  it was a joke , that is what the balkans are known for , so it was ... relatable ? 
  to see it in the west as well . 
  ha , western europeans squabbling over historical claims and living in the past , typical !, 
  in all seriousness , this made me happy for some reason , or at lest moderately amused . 
  wait , how is the eu supposed to take your oil ? 
  restrict who you can trade with maybe ? 
  ooh , i fully support you in your endeavour , i just have no p\u0105czek to distract me from what that joke was supposed to be !, 
  oh come on , what was it , something about an asteroid gaining mass and crashing on earth due to higher gravitational forces ? 
  go by top , might help . 
  you can have both . 
  that so funny , one event , fake news accusations from all 360 angles !, 
  for some reason reason i want to point out that we have one more special mention than you . 
  not sure why this is important or event what a special mention is , but there . 
  dude , that is marketing scam . 
  a bit like saying people are getting robbed in a certain bad neighbourhood , but that is a ok , cuz people should eventually figure out not to go through it . 
  ha scrub , try 500 . 
  do you really not believe in the superiority of some cultures or cultural practices to others ? 
  thanks for the answer , you clearly deserve the 9 up-votes i have apparently given you : \u0414 . 
  i think it was mostly fears over the us abusing this deal somehow . 
  and the courts thing . 
  and general anti-globalism . 
  i doubt it was personal , who can dislike canada ? 
  alright , what do you say to someone who thinks that corporate court , that have no democratic legitimacy sound absolutely terrifying ? 
  and that they are not ever going to act for the benefit of the public and always be on the side of multinational corporation 's profits ? 
  but gypsies are not necessarily lazy , are they usually chilling around or `` working '' ? 
  they also have young immigrants going to them . 
  you know there was a little thing with kidnapping kids and training them for stuff , that was pretty popular with the ottomans , right ? 
  mind shearing how was he damaged ? 
  strong , feminist women , until it comes to making money ( for their country ) . 
  i find that more respectable . 
  the clothes i would ware for a good contract ... or cash , cash works too , anyone ? 
  farming subsidies , they can be benefit . 
  it really depends what is in germany 's future though . 
  it looks really solid but there question marks surely ? 
  well i have seen a bulgarian call british-indian guy gypsy . 
  he got really pissed and i do n't even know if he has met one in real life . 
  i have read some ( unsubstantiated ) theories that both romanians and bulgarians have significant thracian heritage , this might explain some things . 
  you should know that `` most bulgarians are gypsies . '', 
  would have been worse . 
  not subjugating women is pretty western . 
  but fuck that there is money to be made . 
  now that i think about it making money is the most western ideal , so it makes sense . 
  i think the the shaking hands thing is pretty symmetrical , both women and man are not allowed to shake the hand of someone of the opposite sex . 
  the clothing thing is only on women . 
  plus on personal level when they introduced uniforms in my school , i was considering my school director 's ( ? ), 
  early demise for a while , while i could n't care less who shakes what . 
  booooo !, 
  oh my god , those bastards are taking our good gypsies ' jobs !, 
  they need to unionise or something . 
  wow , down-voting this is a bit low for the subeditor . 
  you can say whataboutism , but it really does n't apply here . 
  people who buy the media are the people with most money , and those are not always the local oligarchs . 
  stereotypical answers would be british and russian . 
  but in general the ones who go for the alcohol more so than the location . 
  i 'm not going to argue with that , but do you visit other places with better level of discussion ? 
  i do n't mean today , i mean the events around late 19-th , early 20-th century . 
  serbia or bulgaria i guess , maybe greece . 
  not sure what romania was doing at the time . 
  not saying it was going to be a good thing , but it is a well established imperial practice . 
  i was gon na say , here it was like 50 lev at best , for 200 euro you can get a vote and maybe a sexual favour ( * terms and conditions apply ) . 
  what is the problem with american supporting russia and albania at the same time ? 
  no integrity of any sort being assumed . 
  the whole point was as i understand it , to prevent a regional power from emerging , which was pretty successful . 
  while others are still threatening them , mutual is very important in mad . 
  eeeh , i do n't agree , if western countries want to ban easterners from fear of hurting their human rights and civil progress , i would understand . 
  we all speak meme on this blessed day ?
