  also you arch-thingy , the french one is much better you copy-cats . 
  which one is finland short on , also is the gdp per capita ppp ? 
  jails are much cheaper too . 
  i appreciate that sentiment , but it is not true . 
  it is really expensive proving someone is guilty beyond a shadow of a doubt , and even then it is not a 100 percent certainty . 
  if you make it cheaper than a shitty jail for life , you will get a lot of innocent people murdered by the state , a lot . 
  sure , but there has to be at least somewhat thorough vetting . 
  if we keep defacto open borders , we will be reaching some breaking points . 
  you let a couple of more videos like the cologne one get viral , and rational discourse will get even harder than it is now . 
  oh , so it was a deliberate choice , that is hmm ... interesting . 
  we really do n't have to accept anyone , obviously refugees are a different deal . 
  but saying we should actively encourage every poor person to pack up and start moving towards european is insane . 
  who named that thing , in bulgarian it means uterus . 
   the eu was a tiny aspect of the scottish independence debate , because at the time it was a near certainty . 
  you fascinate me , so who do you support ? 
  should we go back to the otomam empire , send newborns to be trained in the turkish military , so they can come back and murder us from time to time ? 
  or should we join the glorious putin 's federation ? 
  good thing they will not matter at all in a couple of years . 
  was n't disagreeing , just adding to it . 
  you really do n't need amazing programmers for primary education . 
  just moderately competent ones who are great teachers . 
  there is a lot self teaching with programming , and a big effort to introduce kids to the basic concepts can be hugely effective . 
  as for university , they are not really ideal for making programmers , unless a specific department is really good for some reason . 
  my best guess is sophie l\u00f8hde , if so damn , she could n't shake the bangs with time . 
  they got better though . 
  also why are all high ranking bulgarian politicians ex-military , you ca n't make an educated guess around here . 
  so 28 should be the current bulgarian president ? 
  who is 27 ? 
  university of glasgow was pretty bubbly , two popular unions and a lot of privet and uni dorms where people met and spend a lot of time . 
  my only experience with political discourse was a very attractive girl handing me a leaflet for student communist organisation . 
  i almost went . 
  the other was the parliamentary debate thingy - a friend was in the communist party and most girls were in the fascist one for some reason . 
  i joined the classical liberal one for a session or two , they were genuinely the most boring party ever ( ideologically , not the people ) . 
  hmm , what happens to macedonia when we are done though , i feel like this is important for some reason ... 
  damn it , we needed only one or two more balkan wars then !, 
  rest of europe stealing our thunder . 
  hey i heard this quote from bulgarian news . 
  also they conveyed the out of touch comment correctly . 
  mildly impressed by them i guess . 
  ok , but when talking percentages what does this matter ? 
  what difference does this make for percentage of energy consumption ? 
  are farmers converting wind mills to wind turbines ? 
  because otherwise it is n't relevant . 
  we will still have external borders , but schengen is mostly about trade . 
  the only difference for the people would be less border checks if you travel by land i think . 
  those whales are not endangered at all . 
  that is a little full of shit , we have a democracy pushing authoritarian regime on iran , fucking their future . 
  yes countries `` have issues '' whatever you choose that to mean , but no part of the world has had so many issues as ww2 europe , so that proves nothing . 
  i think it just means giving her money so she could continue her activities , hoping for dividend if they are successful . 
  presumably financial . 
  but is n't the danube literally a river ? 
  i live at a 10 min walk from it and so far it is persistently looking like a literal river ? 
  yeah and we can develop our proficiency in dealing with corruption on a smaller scale and closer to home first . 
  if only there were good candidates ? 
  that first sentence was not good but i do n't know enough about grammar to fix it . 
  it was the same for christianity too , right , hence court jews . 
  witch was a considerably better position than court jester . 
  eeeh , not to stereotype , but i know about a couple of people who made small fortunes initially by hacking of different sorts and then went to software or related businesses with nice `` starter capital '' . 
  no , i am only asking about the reasons , not judging you decisions . 
  like are there drawbacks to dual citizenship , is it identity issue , administrative ? 
  that is a really tough one for russia . 
  smaller states like mine , that went through similar stuff can ( not that we have a choice ) lean on the eu / eu members for support and guidance . 
  russia is too complicated and resource/nuke rich , not to be taken advantage of by external actors . 
  the burden they have to be their own masters/regional power is too great to bear without making asses of themselves ( using soft language ) . 
  but the uncertainty of what would happen if they just drop the local power act is too great . 
  russia can be a pretty stellar country if they just focused on themselves , but the consequences are complicated . 
  you know this is the onion right ? 
  i feel you , not a fun place to be in , i am sure . 
  why ? 
  i just ca n't come up with a reason . 
  there is really no other outcome if you collapse both government structure and economy at the same time . 
  i mean think about it ... 
  there were a couple of possible courses of action : 1 significant good faith political and economic guidance and support from the west : did n't happen 2 mafia state emerging with gangs and oligarchs running the show undisturbed : what happened 3 putin type person who puts a handle on the gangs and rains in/murders oligarchs or local political leaders when necessary . 
  it might sound funny but the reason people love putin ( the ones that do ) is because of the increased safety ( no too obvious gangs on the street ) and relative economic prosperity . 
  putin is the next step after a pure mafia state , not quite the mafia state . 
  but overall , can you realistically imagine things going much better for russia ? 
  god damn it , those foreigners going for our women !, 
  resisted it , where is my up vote ? 
  what are you observing in particular ? 
  i guess that is true if you give credibility to trump 's claims . 
  but untimely to me they are both in the business of deepening wealth inequity . 
  it 's my perception issues i suppose . 
  can we join ? 
  i was a bit young at the time and then did n't pay much attention . 
  i am diving in though , send help if i am not back soon !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbelvowgraq&amp;index=4&amp;list=plb9372d314a721291&amp;ab_channel=ramses6161 edit : just to balance out the first one a bit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3hqpq79ssk&amp;list=plb9372d314a721291&amp;index=10&amp;ab_channel=vickbutt that girl is really pretty though , how have i missed that ? 
  and to top it off with this bulgarian/romanian masterpiece ( 30 million hits , how ? 
  ? , boobs is not sufficient answer ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbhv0po94jq&amp;index=5&amp;list=pld237805a40b812d2&amp;ab_channel=costi, 
  but is n't trump something like thatcher who was notorious for fucking with miners and such ? 
  admittedly the only connection between them might be my dislike of them and being right-wing . 
  the wage thing was per trip , not per person supposedly . 
  it is funny but people do it , slice some cucumber on top and you have a light lunch . 
  do you genuinely believe enough americans come even close to caring , so they went out of their way to hire an armenian . 
  well i get you , but i genuinely believe feminism is a poisoned word . 
  or a at the very least an umbrella term containing so much stuff it is useless . 
  really , what is so special about them ? 
  i have only know one i think and she was pretty cool , but still . 
  that is funny , i dislike what i have came to associate with feminism quite strongly but reproductive rights is the one and only social cause i fully subscribe to . 
  it is ok in bulgaria though . 
  it is not really about money as much as security .
