lol . 
  80kmh on a hilly dirt toad . 
  the irish must be phenomenal drivers then, 
  yeah , which clothes are made in the usa anywaya ? 
  real estate is cheap there, 
  yeah thats only for locals in warsaw , sorta like amsterdam i guess ? 
  yes please !, 
  my father says you can peek in my computer . 
  gucken = peek or look, 
  poland ball is beautiful !, 
  leave him alone , he can into space !, 
  this is an r/mapporn treasure i 'd say !, 
  amiga 600 lody bambino oran\u017cada speaking of poland, 
  current ? 
  sorry croatia !, 
  thanks obama !, 
  here i like to go to migros , but mostly go to coop because the migros here is small and doesnt have that much, 
  dont have a source for this , but i hear that said about every language by everybody ... 
  so , perhaps you 're right, 
  schwyzer duutch . 
  or in laymans terms , swiss german . 
  first time i heard slovak , i thought they were speaking gwara ( polish highlander dialect ), 
  ja super . 
  magari si , e magari no . 
  well after all it was a joke . 
  :-) but i 'm assuming you 're polish . 
  umm wwii ... `` yeah poland , we got yo back . '', 
  - france nope . 
  and when hitler rode into france , it tooke less time to sieze control than it did with poland . 
  at least the polish fought against hitler openly , even if it did n't benefit them in the end , at least someone was n't a coward to stand their ground . 
  the white flag !, 
  you french capitulating bastard !, 
  i 'm really hoping that this really means all of europe . 
  latvia receive euro , can now buy family potato . 
  is relieved . 
  can live to see winter next . 
  why english vocabulary and german grammar ? 
  psssht . 
  in switzerland all * is trilingual . 
  * by all , it is actually implied that perhaps : many , numerous , a countable amount , is labelled in 3 languages . 
  i was malnourished before potato !, 
  noooooooooooooooo !!!!, 
  if they fight , they 're just going to invade poland again ... fuck me ... edit : germany should return everything they looted from poland to set a good example eh ? 
  yeah , well i know that paris is the capital of europe , and that is in france , so naturally , france is in europe !, 
  psst ... you 're being condescending ... 
  those damn colonies are acting up , goddamnit great britain , get your shit together !, 
  lol cause wwii and cause yeah ... 
  was very what at what ? 
  under the bridge hobo  alley hobo . 
  ai n't you ever studied hobonomics ? 
  so ... you want to be homeless and live under a bridge is what you 're saying ? 
  kind of wish i was a finnish baby ... 
  unfortunately i 'm so unaware of how the polish economy is . 
  i only have heard the more international reports , of how well poland is doing economically , and anytime i watch the polish news i really have no idea what is going on politically / economically . 
  i certainly agree that the polish economy is in so many ways run by german , or at least foreign powers . 
  all the bigger polish companies / buisinesses have been bought out by foreigners . 
  it 's a bit bad . 
  i feel that poland is n't really supporting its own economic infrastructure . 
  i really do n't know much about economics , but when i compare the way the economics work where i 'm living , i 'm surprised no one else is doing this . 
  i never heard what happened in belarus during the second great war . 
  well then you can certainly see why the sentiment of the polish people might be different than from the belgians . 
  the polish were under german rule for 120 years , and then wwii happened which , in a way messed up the 20th century for poland , also russia had a ton to do with that , but it 's a war that germany began , and russia just strolled on in and took over . 
  yeah i certainly agree , but when you look at the history of poland and germany , and then belgium and germany , i think it might be different . 
  poland lost land to germany in 1792 , and 1795 , so much that it actually stopped being a country for more than 120 years . 
  then you had world war ii , where the germans thought that poland was filled with subhumans , only fit for slave labor to further the dritte reich . 
  you have people who are alive that can still tell you what they saw during the war . 
  i have family who lived during the war and experienced those difficulties . 
  i do agree however , that the polish people should strive to rebuild all the bridges that were destroyed by history . 
  i certainly do not think that europe will experience a conflict like wwii anytime soon . 
  i do not think there is any european nation that wishes to wage war like what was experienced in the 20th century . 
  i hope that the european union will create a beautiful europe , at where we all have a european identity , and can feel unified under it . 
  viva europa !, 
  i 'm not sure why poland has animosity against germany still . 
  i know wwii is still a current topic if youu think about it . 
  there are poles who are alove today that experienced wwii and the invasion of the germans . 
  but i certainly do not think that germany will do anything to create an armed conflict , and even polotically and economically , i think they only want whats ... good for europe . 
  good joke !, 
  and i break the german flag thread . 
  yay , go neutral me !, 
  i fucked you are mother !, 
  here in ticino , it 's kinda just been raining for the past 6-7 weeks there 's been some nice sunny days , but about 3 weeks ago , it rained for 2 weeks straight . 
  it was rettible !, 
  do your friends have jobs ? 
  i mean it is portugal afterall . 
  i remember raring youth unemployment is super high in that country . 
  and why should switzerland be mentioned though ? 
  yay greecy circle jerk time !, 
  except maybe in israel . 
  its basically nothing at all . 
  i have no idea what anything is !, 
  shut up ... 
  it 's a secret, 
  you know , i liked the intro much more , and felt that the traditional greek feel was great , if only they had incorporated it better into the ska section of the song . 
  some even say , that the countries whi did n't participat in the 26 , are the real winners . 
  go home denmark . 
  you 're drunk . 
  cause poorgaria !, 
  oh yeah , and i also think that greece was n't in the union at that point either . 
  czechnyan cat , you clever girl !, 
  czechnyans,
