notice how quick any right minded university educated right proper middle class bbc accented person is to talk down their own people ? 
  england has no culture , we need enrichment , london would be horrible if it was filled with english people . 
  i could ramble on about this curious phenomenon for paragraphs and paragraphs , but i 'll just let everyone 's favourite slovenian marxist explain it in far fewer words :  `` we white leftist men and women [ should ] leave behind the politically correct process of endless self-torturing guilt . 
  [ western ] politically correct self-flagellation is an inverted form of clinging to one 's superiority . 
  the positive form of the white man 's burden ( his responsibility for civilizing the colonized barbarians ) is thus merely replaced by its negative form ( the burden of the white man 's guilt : if we can no longer be the benevolent masters of the third world , we can at least be the privileged source of evil , patronizingly depriving others of responsibility for their fate ( when a third world country engages in terrible crimes , it is never fully its own responsibility , but always an after effect of colonization ) . '', 
  stomping on the mouse while ignoring the elephant . 
  that 's like saying posters on / r/worldnews are global citizens . 
  banning western countries from entering arms contracts is n't going to stop people fleeing drought , overpopulation , and climate change . 
  nor is it going to stop young , middle class african men from seeking greener pastures in europe . 
  there is n't a panacea to solve all of europe 's migrant woes . 
  inviting in a group of high risk strangers into your country is a great way to get your citizenry to accept invasive security measures like electronic surveillance of civilians and the initiation of a police state . 
  other world leaders are taking note . 
  cheap and exploitable labour . 
  people who do n't speak the native language ca n't complain . 
  indy is online-only now , hence the journalistic standard has fallen into clickbait territory . 
  the west had nothing to do with japan modernising ? 
  so according to you the rest of the world discovered western medicine , newtonian physics , and the scientific method independently ? 
  so the general populace does n't trust the government to competently deal with terrorism , but they entrust the government to justly censor speech . 
  libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 out the window , then . 
  i guess that makes sense when your government is full of spineless bureaucrats . 
   and the palestinians live in constant poverty thanks to embargoes , live in fear because of regularly invasions and is occupied by a country who has also radicals saying that all the land belongs to jews . 
  honestly , is palestine really that much worst than the average muslim majority country ? 
  if isreal was not occupying their land they still would be poor backwards goat herders . 
  outward looking ? 
  you mean back when britain went against the grain and rejected hitler 's pan-european fascism ? 
  the anxiety of the post war generation is rather tiring . 
  the doom and gloom language used by junker and co. does not resonate with young people . 
  the eu is a 20th century concept tailored to people who lived through wars and communism . 
  europe wo n't unravel and find itself in the same 19th century paradigm if the eu dissolves . 
  the amount of modding in this thread is insane . 
  it more likely that the us is planning a ground invasion . 
  europe is just a convenient dumping ground . 
  on the eu side , certain governments and international bodies 1 ) like the potential for cheap labour 2 ) `` europe will be forged in crises , and will be the sum of the solutions adopted for those crises . '' there is no grand us conspiracy , just a lot of people with overlapping short-term interests . 
  they 're just miming the trendy discourse in politics . 
  just a little advice : proclaiming that you 're going to `` educate '' people makes them not only ignore you , but also makes them more hostile to your cause . 
  uk , spain , portugal and france account for ~ 85 % of the dark green area . 
   a decline in population wrecks havoc on an economy the absence of labour productivity and increasing gdp per capita from the discussion of economic prosperity is short sighted . 
  the lazy formula of more people = higher gdp is going to break at some point . 
  according to both our politicians and prevailing economic theory the law of diminishing returns does n't apply to a planet of finite space and dwindling resources . 
  someone has to pay into our broken pension schemes and change our bed pans when we 're old and childless . 
  the hebrides is rather sparse , but that may be due to them having more distilleries per capita ? 
  if the eu had taken a hard line stance on this one issue of freedom of movement , half of it 's current multi-variable problems would not exist . 
  freedom of movement has been and will continue to be political suicide . 
  leave could have been quashed if the eu could make this one concession , but technocrats want to have their cake and eat it too . 
  is there ever going to be a point of no return with erdogan ? 
  germany and the eu seems content to still play realpolitik even after he has smeared them as nazis . 
  erdogan sounds more and more like isis as the days roll on . 
  this is what really annoys me . 
  trump is clearly a dangerous idiot , but because out leaders refuse to budge on this one issue ( immigration ) , he comes out looking more perceptive than he actually is . 
   there is no way to stop that this kind of thinking is what leads to the rise of the right . 
  people would be more open to refugees if repatriation after conflict was more prevalent . 
  the current asylum system as de facto immigration has soured europeans on the whole thing . 
  [ how 250,000 belgian refugees did n't leave a trace ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-28857769 ), 
  rhino poached at a french zoo . 
  crocodile stoned at a tunisian zoo . 
  now a flamingo kicked to death in chezchia . 
  collectively they control the extraction , refinement , and logistics of the me oil industry . 
  that 's a pretty big bargaining chip . 
  `` those guys are violent fascists '' said the group of exclusively men holding knives and making stabbing motions . 
  we used to call it propaganda . 
  it is racist to assume that if a perpetrator is white , that the crime was not politically motivated . 
  but it 's also racist to assume that all `` white '' people are instinctive racists . 
   there is probably a very good explanation for everything that happened er even in the case of a telescopic baton mistakenly being extended , the target is too small to be written off as an accident . 
   trolls talking crap look in a mirror  i have nothing more to say to you honestly look at this thread . 
  you ruined it . 
  you 're the problem , not everyone else . 
   mind your own business you do realise this is reddit and not your personal insane asylum ? 
  if you do n't want people to reply to your ramblings , then do n't post . 
  then stop acting like divisive a gas bag . 
  you 're doing a great job of alienating people . 
  europe is not the eu . 
  just wait until the next eurozone crisis rolls around . 
  italy is still in a low growth trap with debts more than 130 % of gdp . 
  this is a step in the right direction , but only debt relief will truly help . 
  people are very sensitive to changes , not fixed point figures . 
  road accident deaths have a downward trajectory while deaths due to terrorism , particularly in the last 2 years , have an upward trajectory . 
   refugees can become immigrants they are n't refugees in the first place . 
  saying that refugees can become immigrants implies some degree of lawful entry . 
  i think `` settler '' is the better term . 
  immigrant would imply they were invited . 
  yes , but the burden of truth is the sole responsibility of the claimant . 
  it 's nonsensical for a person from a working class background and enter a field where steady income is not guaranteed . 
  if you 're a journalist that is paid per click or per article and you want to live comfortably , then you either need a second career or mummy and daddy paying for your flat . 
  journalism has become a hobby of the wealthy because journalism stopped being a well paid career path . 
  it was inevitable and is probably irreversible in the internet age . 
  i know verhofstadt does n't use the phrase `` more perfect union '' but the phrase reminded me of the conceit of some euphiles to refer to people like jean monnet as a `` founding father '' and point to the us as a successful example of federalism while simultaneously shitting on it . 
  i can assuredly tell you that at least 90 % of women do . 
  they do n't get paid , people buy their publication . 
  french satire has always been low-effort vulgar trash . 
  was ohio the only us state he could think of to use in his analogy ? 
  also , i 'm fairly certain ohio has no designs to secede from the union and was never an independent nation state . 
  children are now a luxury . 
  the average cost to raise a child to adulthood is upwards of # 200,000 . 
  it 's nearly impossible for the middle classes to live and work in a european city without drastically sacrificing quality of life and comfort . 
  so neoliberal but socially progressive . 
  this is the current status quo of the the eu , and it does n't seem to be charming voters . 
  legal proceeding cost states a lot of money . 
  giving people incentive to choke the system is not good policy . 
  sky news is reporting that the attacker was dressed as santa claus . 
  yeah , but `` blowback theory '' is justified by a growing number of academics and policymakers , particularly those with a leftist anti-imperialist world view .
