yes . 
  i 'm so lucky i was born in a post soviet shithole . 
  i 'm so lucky everyone 's a homophobe and we have an education system that the civilized world did n't have since 1910 's . 
  i 'm so happy to see abandoned children begging at bus stops every day while i try to avoid being run over by a car on the crossing . 
  wow , lucky me . 
  not at all . 
  this is literally propaganda . 
  which means it 's all lies and enhanced reality . 
  healthcare is shit ( people regularly enter hospitals healthy and come out with 3-4 infections ) , education is riddled with corruption and apathy . 
  people are cold and rude and have a ` not my job ' attitude , unless they notice you 're a foreigner . 
  then they 're all trying to impress you because they have no self esteem . 
  and the political system will soon turn to shit again . 
  stay away from this country and dont touch it with a stick . 
  i 'm being honest . 
  then hopefully trump is the season finale, 
  ~ ~ pretty much everyone ... ~ ~ well , a lot anyway, 
  it was probably intended to work with [ two-round elections ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8xozjkozfi ) like in most democracies, 
  why ca n't it be a two-round election ? 
  like in normal democracies . . 
  no you ca n't . 
  you look at who commissioned the work and who paid for it , not who was hired to lay the bricks, 
  lol why are there soviet posters on that tram, 
  fuck corporations . 
  keep the tax on them high , europe is about social justice and protection for everyone . 
  if they do n't like it , they can fuck off to hong kong for all i care . 
  average britons ca n't afford to travel from one side of the island to the other via train , in 2017 , how pathetic is that ? 
  we do n't want them here, 
  well how do people afford non-basic stuff then in moscow ? 
  higher salaries than in germoney ? 
  still better than mosque screams tbh, 
  oh , they can comprehend . 
  they understand well that they are the bad guys . 
  they just provide fuel for the stupid pensioners to shout . 
  but in the end , if there was justice in their country , they would all he criminals and guilty bystanders . 
  if stupid people want drama , let them have it , anything to get the eu popular, 
  they 're less hypocrites, 
  biggest and ugliest, 
  the situation kinda sounds out of control , it happened here in romania too in the 90 's where people lost a lot of money on a scam bank, 
  wow thanks , that kinda sounds like a soviet thing to do, 
  but why not?especially if it 's an international bank like group society general, 
  why not store it in a bank ? 
  is n't money the safest there ? 
  i see what you did there, 
  please tell me that 's not real, 
  can we not get a proper news agency reporting on this story ? 
  i still have bad memories about the bbc 's fake news stories about migrants in hungary, 
  this is awesome . 
  these are the true feminists . 
  you can still be private if you want to be . 
  i do n't use fb but i still want our streets to be photographed . 
  it 's one thing to have personal privacy invaded by a constant assault , and entirely different to have your streets snapshot once every 3 years, 
  what do you mean ? 
  that 's a really vague statement . 
  i totally agree with this . 
  this is more than just some privacy laws . 
  this is about history . 
  the technology is here and google offers to do it for free , why on earth would you pass this up and become invisible for the future, 
  how come ? 
  statistics say belarus is a pretty rich country . . 
  you do n't just `` trade '' with the eu . 
  you already share a single market , which is exactly like one country 's market , common currency and do n't get me started on everything else . 
  we are way more entangled already than some `` trading nations '', 
  do n't forget swelling, 
  damn , that could make an awesome film, 
  europeans are genetically very mixed . 
  we all come from multiple different tribes . 
  official national history books are pretty much fairy tale for the most part . 
  that 's what biologists say at least . 
  there are so many immigrants from england here in romania too . 
  they usually take english teaching jobs, 
  why is it . 
  that a belgian guy has to post about hungary . 
  hungarian redditors . 
  be more active plz, 
  how is this not illegal ? 
  thank you , i will definitely read this . 
  wow that 's amazing and sad . 
  i should really read up on this . 
  why ? 
  romania got to choose its name in the late 19th century . 
  permits are being issued !, 
  i know people who are given permits, 
  i love your optimism  but yeah , you 're probably right . 
  he should be a voice actor for european cartoons, 
  people actually pay for those ? 
  this article is a must read . 
  corruption really kills , indirectly at first , then directly like in russia . 
  [ worship me ] ( https://static1.businessinsider.com/image/594a6ad0e92b9417a16740c9-506-253/people-are-saying-the-queen-deliberately-wore-a-hat-designed-to-look-like-the-eu-flag.jpg ), 
  that 's why i proposed, 
  that 's it , i 'm done . 
  fuck this subreddit . 
  it 's devolved into a mass of retarded copy pastes and face palms . 
  the quality of posts has been declining for a while , but this is the last straw . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm done . 
  i 'm uninstalling the internet , chopping off my dick and moving to fucking antarctica , at least the bacteria there will be fucking smarter, 
  what does the average class in russia look like ? 
  i 'm not sure if this is average for romania though , in many rural places this would be luxury . 
  so make hungarian and german official languages . 
  problem solved .
