  but realistically , that will never happen because that would require a mature society and honest look into the past . 
  when the majority of romanians do n't have plumbing and indoor toilets , a critical view of the world is the least of their priorities . 
  it 's scary because 2 years ago i was at the very same hotel : s, 
  but why is it so black, 
  you forgot the / s, 
  this is what fighting for freedom looks like, 
  so which are the ones where you felt unsafe ? 
  and i 'm really curious how transinistra and moldova felt . 
  were they cheaper than ukraine ? 
  helping refugees . 
  but you seem to be confusing refugees with illegal border crossing migrants . 
  these people stop being refugees as soon as they leave their first safe country . 
  ( which could be lebanon , egypt , turkey etc in their cases ) . 
  and trust me , if you want poor people to help , you do n't need to go to africa to find them . 
  come to romania !, 
  i know it 's really hip and trendy to take selfies with illegal migrants as a volunteer , but i think we should n't be accepting migrants , much less ilegal ones , until we have homeless people starving and freezing to death , and children in romania going to sleep hungry . 
  fuck your migrants . 
  i do n't give a shit about them , the ones that cut the border fence and fight with police . 
  i wish they could die instead of poor starving europeans . 
  what are the things that made western civilizations great ? 
  laws , and obeying those laws , strong institutions that help protect law and order , and yes , that includes even the borders and defending them . 
  if we do n't have laws , we might as well throw away everything . 
  so if we truly want to help refugees , let 's find logical and smart solutions , picking the ones that are truly in need , the ones the ca n't even afford to travel to a safe country , never mind reach northern europe with thousands of dollars and then getting bored and flying back home instead , what the eu does is suing hungary for upholding the law and defending the schengen border ( !? ), 
  which for me seemed very strange from the beginning . 
  in eastern europe , we do n't have problems naming problems as they are , but back where you 're from , this seems to be a ridiculously taboo topic . 
  i would encourage people to discuss this freely and logically . 
  hiding it under the carpet and avoiding it wo n't make the problem go away . 
  wow . 
  how can a woman her age be so gullible ? 
  those locals really relied on tourism though . 
  even when i was there in 2015 , the shops were empty and those sellers looked desperate for my attention . 
  kinda feel bad for them , the last years must have hit hard . 
  i remember when i was looking for a taxi , all the drivers went into some huge fight over who would take me , i thought i started a civil war there , so i just walked away and they did n't even notice . 
  okay thanks . 
  i went there before the whole drama so every local started talking to me in russian, 
  are there still few russians in egypt ? 
  or are they back in big numbers ? 
  shh, 
  the islamists are sitting there beating their dicks to some midget porn , when they suddenly realize that it would be nice to bang some virgins , so they grab their knifes , and go absolutely haram . 
  maybe . . 
  but i 'm no historian lol, 
  yeah he was a scum . 
  but at least they honored their commitments and did n't always take the winning side lol . 
  well , history is done and it is how it is . 
  hungarians should stop whining about the past and we should focus on the present now , on what 's the most important , trying to clean corruption from offices . 
  we 'll all be under a european federation someday anyway . 
  yeah they were so right , immediately after that you decided to commit genocide . 
  it was like giving the authority to the blacks in south africa . 
  while the reason behind the nd it was okay , suddenly the country was governed by people who had no idea what they 're doing and how to run a country . 
  and transylvania still have n't recovered from the culture of corruption and thievery that got spread here . 
  the damage is irreversible and it hurts everyone living here . 
  you 're also forgetting that all the cities were 90 % hungarian/jew/german . 
  all of them . 
  the romanians lived in small villages and that 's why statistically they were the majority , because most people lived in villages back then . 
  this is so true . 
  humans are just shit in general . 
  gullible and superstitious . 
  it 's why something bigger needs to control them . 
  sheep ca n't protect themselves from wolves . 
  crossing the ukraine border by car 2 years ago , it was sad to see even a young lady being encouraged to f ** k with us and shyly ask for a bribe . 
  i mean she was polite and shy , i could tell she did n't do this a lot before , but sad to see the old ones training the new ones to be corrupt . 
  i can almost see the solana hotel from here !, 
  ca n't lose what you do n't have, 
  this is why i love europe . 
  nothing beats this !, 
   getting this triggered by a simple joke insecure much ? 
  it 's fake news as usual . 
  just boycott these newspapers with misleading titles, 
  i do n't want to see you in action if you ca n't even come up with your own goddamn words, 
  and yet they voted the mafia into power ... why ? 
  because 2-3 tv channels owned by said mafia lie and disinform 24/7 . 
  so once corruption is legal again , watch as the discussion will be normalizing west-hatred and pro-russian sentiments . 
  because the russian state perfected kleptocracy , the mafia government will look towards them as the future and friends . 
  this will probably happen in the next 10-15 years . 
  hungary did n't become pro-russian conspiracy theory nation overnight either . 
  so the only hope in breaking this chain of events are protests . 
   so i dont see how we are the same as hungary romania today is similar to hungary of the 90 's . 
  back then it was inconceivable that the russia-hating hungarians would ever partner up with them , but it happened . 
  do n't be so confident in your beliefs . 
   sadly , we have hungarian minorities wow , that 's a lot of hatred . 
  i bet you do n't even know any of those minorities . 
  you are sadly part of this dumb population i was talking about . 
  putin will have such an easy time with your xenophobic kind , you will believe every lie . 
  same . 
  they have been indoctrinated with the exact same stupid lies the russian people have , translated word to word from the russian media , and presented as the ` national truth ' and ` original content ' . 
  and this has been going on for at least 15 years . 
  i know this because whenever we visit family and friends in hungary , they talk like zombies about the ` hidden truth ' and conspiracy theories . 
  it is ironic and sad though . 
  hungary is russia 's big project , and if they are so successful there , imagine what they could do with an even dumber population like romania etc. 
  but i am more and more optimistic that just as fast as they convinced people of all this bullshit , those same people will turn against russia once they realize they 've been played with . 
  this looks epic . 
  i did n't criticize your photo at all !, 
  i actually really like it . 
  is it just hdr you used or is the camera quality lower ? 
  i guess my old potato phone could automatically produce hdr !, 
  i just could n't turn it off ~ !, 
  the photo quality reminds me of my samsung potato phone 7 yrs ago, 
  it would be kind of ironic if one of these prestigious institutions was moved from london straight to romania, 
  how is it in color ? 
  please do n't,
