hungary let the refugees through and honestly tried to follow eu law by registering them . 
  refugees or serbians ? 
  turkey has more refugees than anyone else , over a million i think . 
  wow , you 're back !, 
  and posting / r/croatia memes in / r/europe , no less . 
  we can dream . 
  first comment that is actually making sense . 
   they were very harsh i think it was just milanovi\u0107 . 
  most people i know thought hungary was doing the best they could in such a bad situation . 
  well in most bars in zagreb beer is less than that , and i think it 's even less in serbia ? 
  imammaries ? 
  there is no ideal solution , and i agree that we should let people pass , since that is their goal anyway . 
  what we should not have done is force them over the border by unauthorized incursions into another sovereign country 's territory . 
  letting them pass is ok , but forcing them into hungary , and especially having armed policemen cross the border illegally ? 
  it 's a stupid thing to do . 
  it was a stupid or incompetent move , we sent an armed force across the border with our neighbour , who is , by the way , in nato and schengen . 
  and pissed them off with unwanted refugees . 
  i really ca n't see how this did us any good . 
   croatia behaves like a fucking asshole here i agree , but there is really nothing i can do . 
  for people outside ex-yu : `` send along to the last fool '' , a common saying . 
  you are right , this was simply a dick move by whoever is in charge of this in croatia . 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised that they did n't have a working solution for a predictable problem . 
   we should have jailed the croat police who crossed the border i agree . 
  seriously , who thought that would be a good idea ? 
  no , we do n't ? 
  kurva just means `` whore '' , no one uses it as a general statement , the way you would use `` fuck '' . 
  we use `` jebem ti mater '' ; `` u pizdu materinu '' ; `` u pi\u010dku materinu '' ; `` jebo te led/bog/isus '' and `` u kurac . '', 
   this helped the partisan propaganda and made our soldiers job harder seriously , are you a troll , or what ? 
  i am usually not bad at recognizing sarcasm , but it 's sometimes hard to see it in written form , and you 're really pushing the envelope here . 
  in any case , if you are joking , it 's tasteless , stupid and not funny ; if you are serious ... 
  i have no words . 
   also op is a discussting nazi , just check his comment history . 
  seriously , though , this guy is unbelievable . 
  for some reason this was the first thing that came up when i thought of georgia : the georgian skull the german anthropologist johann friedrich blumenbach discovered in 1795 , he used to hypothesize origination of europeans from the caucasus . 
  he wrote : `` caucasian variety - i have taken the name of this variety from mount caucasus , both because its neighborhood , and especially its southern slope , produces the most beautiful race of men , i mean the georgian ; and because all physiological reasons converge to this , that in that region , if anywhere , it seems we ought with the greatest probability to place the autochthones ( birth place ) of mankind . 
  in croatian you mean \u0161teta which means harm or shame/pity . 
  \u0160koda means just damage/harm . 
  `` u pogledu '' and `` glede '' are choices , these could go either way . 
  otherwise , true . 
  yeah , i did say usually . 
  and whatever the percentage i think it 's not higher than most in europe , with a few exceptions . 
  you know what ? 
  thank you for not putting / s after your comments and taking those downvotes like a champ . 
  people who put that little / s destroy any value their sarcasm might have had . 
  it 's not supposed to be immediately clear , that 's what sarcasm is about !, 
  i 'm pretty sure he was sarcastic , americans are usually aware of their country 's flaws . 
  in croatia it 's become a joke/stereotype that czech are the most accident-prone tourists . 
  if someone is lost in a storm , you can bet it 's a small boat with five drunk czechs in flip flops . 
  it also means van in croatia , not necessarily a hearse . 
   you 're also not allowed to confiscate other people 's properties because you 're responsible for their safety , but not for the for adults . 
  in prisons the authority can confiscate any inmate 's property , but thy still ca n't use corporal punishment . 
  i think we should hold children to the same standard we do adults . 
  if you are being violent or a danger to yourself and other you can get smacked no matter your age . 
  my problem is that people are much more accepting of hitting children than adults . 
  imagine if you got hit by your so because you did something that a child would get slapped for . 
  not yours , maybe , but a lot of folks take it upon themselves to hit their child for any infraction , real or perceived . 
  and children are completely defenseless , they depend on us for literally everything , including protection , yet it 's alright to hit them , but not capable , mature adults for much worse things ? 
  even in prisons , where you have some of the worst humanity has to offer , corporal punishment is not legal . 
  and we 're talking rapist murdering psychos here . 
  yeah , but you say prestolonaslednica :p, 
  s and k , meaning with and to . 
  i heard it was prijestolonasljednica . 
  also , the shortest noun would be rt. 
  means cape , as a part of coast . 
  and k. 
  of course , your experience will vary , i 'm just talking about stereotypes . 
  same way if i asked you if minnesotans are nicer than people from nyc . 
  many people will use a stereotype to answer that question , even though i 'm sure there 's plenty of nice people in nyc . 
  anyway , i 'm glad you had a nice time , 
  so , you using a qwertz or qwerty ? 
  i am dalmatian and in my experience we are not especially nice or kind people . 
  especially on the coast and in touristy places , where there 's a lot of crowds and turnover , people stop treating others as humans , and more as product , customers , walking wallets . 
  non-coastal dalmatia ( zagora ) has some more hospitable mentality , but most people do n't go there . 
  anyway , slavonians are probably the nicest croatians . 
  yes , in english . 
  it always amused me how , even most dog breeds are called by the place they come from , no one expects there to be dalmatia , or people called dalmatians . 
  i know a second generation german-croatian in one of those fraternities with swords and `` traditional '' values . 
  so , blood feuds are great , and all croatians are sneaky cowardly fucks ? 
  and of course cursing the centuries of oppression while eating burek , \u0107evape , sarmu , baklavu , \u0107ufte , itd . 
  usually white people with high cheekbones are considered slavic . 
  pepsi twist . 
  but everything his brother says is a lie . 
  they like to hang around intersections and fuck with people asking for directions . 
  rearer ? 
  i feel so alone . 
  well , i 've never been in montenegro , so i do n't know what 's the situation there , 
  ... north of velebit . 
  nowhere in croatia do you find ketchup on a pizza in a pizzeria . 
  only in some cheap bakeries . 
   dandelions are called butter flowers in finnish too in croatian as well ( masla\u010dak ) . 
  comes from the word villager , usually listen to turbo folk and have no taste in other parts of life , either . 
  there 's a punk song about them , with pictures . 
  no croatia , either . 
  funnily enough , in north croatia they call it speck ( \u0161pek ) but in south ( slightly different ) bacon is called panceta , from italian panzetta . 
  in standard croatian it 's slanina . 
  well , yes . 
  no , naglasak goes on a vowel in a word that is part of the emphasized syllable . 
  hah , we do have that , it 's called kratkosilazni naglasak . 
  the joke is that serbians call other yugos serbs . 
  ergo : alpine serbs , south serbs , catholic serbs , muslim serbs etc.
