getting more and more authoritarian these years here please elaborate why did you came to that conclusion, 
   refugees lets call them migrants , as there are currently 0 true refugees in germany, 
   a reform to speed up the decision making procedure `` a reform ''  an effective system for the removal of those with rejected applications `` a system '' still not a single idea  besides that convincing/bribing turkey to take morocco and tunisia off their visa waiver list is also crucial . 
  ohh this , which we both know that will not happen in a 100 years  well , the quality of discussion on this sub makes me less than enthusiastic and committed to formulating arguments i take seriously , excuse me for that . 
  well its ok , but then you should just stop commenting . 
  `` thats not working '' is not contribution . 
  `` thats not working , so instead we should do ... '' is contribution, 
  well you can shit on these `` quality '' contributions , but you have also given none, 
   people knew they could n't go further before this whole thing started except they could, 
  if ppl know that they cant go further , they wont come . 
  we should have done this like a few months ago . 
  are these threads necessary every day ? 
   into hitler ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  none of them wanted to stay here . 
  what should have we done ? 
  force them to stay ? 
  btw we got an immense amount of shit from germany , france , austria , etc. 
  when we wanted to keep them here for registering . 
   so refugees stop being refugees as soon as they cross the first safe border ? 
  yep . 
  but they sure as hell are not running from any kind of war anymore and please use the word `` family '' carefully , since 80-90 % of them are 15-30 y old male . 
  there are , but they stopped running from war when they first step foot on a safe country . 
  you aint no running from a war when you are trying to get to germany from austria for example . 
  ( but i could have said the 5-8 other safe european countries they left ), 
  dont remember the hungarians mass raping everyone the same year they arrived . 
  nor do i remember any hungarians being uneducated , culturally different , being hostile toward the religion of the people of the us maybe my memory is bad, 
  aaaaaand the mandatory hungarian apocalypse preacher arrived . 
  every thread needs one, 
   when refugees are escaping a war no , i refuse to believe that you still believe that, 
   i counter-propose relocating everyone to hungary everyone can have their opinions , 
   eu should erect new greek frontier to stop migrants , hungarian pm says the title of the thread you are posting in, 
  defend borders that can be defended . 
  they wont come if the cant go past greece/italy/etc, 
   well they do want to come into the eu but you 're saying we should control them so i naturally assumed that we 're not functioning on a `` whatever the immigrants want '' basis , no ? 
  or is that only when it 's convenient ? 
  they wont stay here , you know that  should italy be thrown out too ? 
  who said anything about throwing anyone out of anything ? 
  everything you ve proposed is good , but we still have to stop them moving freely for as long as those propositions you are talking about are enforced , arent we ? 
  as i said the propositions are decent , except ...  distributing the migrants to all of the eu proportionally no , stop that , it doesnt work . 
  they dont want to stay in countries like hungary , poland , slovakia , etc. 
  they do not want to stay here . 
  edit :  are you saying you 're ok with the eu having no naval borders , kicking out france , spain , portugal and italy and sacrificing any and all geopolitical and strategic advantages that access to the med brings us ? 
  because that 's how far you need to go to claim that you have a defensible land border . 
  do not put words in my mouth . 
  i see that it is a bad habit of yours . 
  stop it . 
  there is a lot of naval borders in the world that is properly defended . 
  but it is a long term process . 
  and the other countries you speak of are not in any way close to the state of the greek border . 
  you are really trying hard to give words into my mouth . 
  i have not said a single word about changing any kind of law or drowning anyone . 
  there is really only one question : can the greek border be defended ? 
  the answer seems to be a 100 % no . 
  i will not ask the same question , that you seem to avoid so fucking hard . 
  i will rather ask this : what is your proposition ? 
  how many times do i have to say : defending the border of greece has failed , so it only makes sense to defend what can be defended . 
  or let me ask you again : if the greek border can not be defended , should all europe just stop defending all its borders ? 
  because he says stuff everyone thinks , but dont have the courage to say . 
   wtf does joining the eu has anything to do with defending the border from illegal immigration ? 
  greece accepted the fact , that joining schengen will come with obligations . 
  one was that it has to defend its external borders . 
  it can not . 
  so greece should be excluded from schengen . 
  thats all . 
  this has been said like a million times . 
  refugees do not want to stay in most countries . 
  they want to go mostly to germany and sweden . 
  they will not stay here even if they are told to . 
  so you are saying that because greece has an undefendable border , all eu shall be fucked . 
  ok . wtf does joining the eu has anything to do with defending the border from illegal immigration ? 
   he undoubtly knows that you ca n't guard a 600 mile sea border you are saying that as a fact . 
  if it is a fact then sorry but all eu cant be fucked just because greece has an undefendable border . 
  orban sends this : \\, 
  bob ross, 
  stuff orban said like months ago just keeps popping up . 
  he got so much shit from everyone for it ... 
   either way , i really do n't see the point in seriously entertaining the idea of building a wall . 
  well , its your opinion , let him have his without name calling btw , about the wall . 
  i think you are missing the actual purpose of it . 
  the `` wall '' in hungary which is a wired fence is not to keep every migrant out , it has secured ( police , military ) passing points which let the authorities register everyone who is passing thorugh them . 
  this is required by every border and border crossing law in the eu/schengen . 
  and while of course its not a 100 % solution , illegal crossing went from thousands to dozens / day in just a few days when teh fence was completed , so you can say it kinda worked . 
   so what you 're saying is because you have some fantasy of impenetrable walls when did he say that building a wall will solve every problems ? 
  also , i can clearly see that you are upset , dont really know why but please calm down, 
  dude you are putting your imagined words into his mouth , then act as though he said them . 
  you are the worst kind of arguer . 
  why the posts about turkey basically funding isis always downvoted in every thread ? 
  leave alone a boiling area , thats how world wars start, 
   guess what , there are zero problems if you do not take them . 
  no , thats not how it works . 
  but then again , i dont want them either , but still , that is not how world politics work . 
  you cant leave a whole area boil in its own shit , because the shit will start to spill sooner or later . 
  because the usa led the fucking wars there for decades which resulted in millions , tens of millions of refugees . 
  and there are some innocent ppl who really are running from a war ( around 20-30 % ? 
  ) , and if every country would take just a few thousand refugees , there would be zero problems . 
  and btw im hungarian , we dont really take refugees here , so im not sure what is it that you are talking about . 
  and almost the whole eu . 
  basically from countries outside of eu who refused to take refugees ... 
   german chancellor angela merkel 's refugee policy has attracted praise from all over the world . 
  then the world should stop praising her and accept some refugees ... .
