  i was refering to the population of the uk, 
  we do ? 
  we have countries all over the world playing all of them ( often beating us at them ) i do n't think anyone really cares what the us plays . 
  ca n't blame them it 's a damn fine flag . 
  uk , canada , australia and new zealand already have it to a certain extent with the commonwealth , a shared monarchy as head of state and the five eyes agreement . 
  yep , the irritating down side of the entire freaking world playing our sports, 
  and we won the fight , 
  british beating the french as is expected, 
  relationship with britain and their history certainly had something to do with it . 
  the alternative design was aesthetically pleasing , it just did n't mean anything . 
  the uk worse than france & belgium and nearly as bad as turkey ? 
  utter nonsense . 
  somewhat , former european colony has voted to keep their flag which shows relationship with european power . 
  yeah , the one they have voted to keep shows their history and relationship with the uk though . 
  i hope so , i want to see the eu succeed whatever happens . 
  however i have my doubts . 
  the eu without the uk may not be strong enough to survive . 
  i hope we do n't leave . 
  but if we do leave i just hope the eu does n't completly collapse , however i do feel it will . 
  the world wide web is the domain of the british . 
  why ? 
  many people including myself support the tory party . 
  we all gather round and drink and laugh and rejoice about how glorious our country is . 
  what does ukip have to do with this ? 
  this is economics 101, 
  the migrants will help slightly , but it 's a drop in the ocean in the long run . 
  i am not referring to one , every single forecast states the same result . 
  the uk and germany are set to effectively swap population sizes over the next 40 years . 
  * edit * also , germany will now be permanently stuck with large inner city muslim slums . 
  nope . 
  i am open to proper european migration . 
  but we do n't need any of that muslim third world riff raff . 
  she was certainly draconian in her policies , but a lot of the changes she implemented needed to happen , it 's the reason we are growing strongly today . 
  she modernised our country . 
  this is why she is often voted in the top 5 british pm 's of all time ( by right wing , neutral and left wing sources ) . 
  lucky i am in london then :d, 
  that 's a bizare way to look at the uk . 
  i see us as a world power , with an awe inspiring past , who is set to grow in prominence over the course of our lifetime ( economic and population boom reported by all forecasts , set to bypass germany as the world number 4 economy in 10-15 years , after recently bypassing france as number 5 ) . 
  we are now at a pivotal point where we are choosing what direction to take our country in . 
  whether to tie ourselves more to europe , who have admittedly been floundering , or pursue a more uncertain , global future . 
  but each to their own i guess . 
  * lol , once again proving my theory , any positive mention of the uk gets downvoted for no apparent reason . 
  all of you know my comment is absolutely true . 
  * bad weather and all * says finland, 
  french have none . 
  it 's all germany . 
  in the future on demograhpic trends the uk will be the biggest eu player ( provided the uk votes to remain of course ), 
  she was a brilliant pm, 
  yep , that 's the british way . 
  do n't lie sweden , we know you love us, 
  what 's worse is the politics student took the seat from douglas alexander . 
  one of labour 's heavyweights , who had 25 years political experience , lost his seat to a 20 year old . 
  all because of hurr durr nationalism ... 
  brexit is a massive political issue . 
  the future of europe depends on it . 
  if the brits leave the eu will collapse in on itself . 
  the stakes are very high . 
  * ` it 's because the game is played on foot rather than horseback . 
  ' * what !?!?!? 
  that is not undermining cameron lol, 
  if uk leaves the eu will likely collapse, 
  ' * no serious politician makes moves like this without being fairly sure that this decision will increase their chances of getting actual power * ' so boris has knowledge that nobody else has ? 
  but osborne is viewed as more pragmatic and competant than corbyn . 
  when voting for a pm more people will vote for competence over honesty . 
  you would either use the euro or the scottish pound ( functioning as a new independent currency ) pegged to the euro . 
  both are economic suicide, 
  he 's more popular than corbyn, 
  since when were sports named after the length of the ball used ? 
  so you have no source where boris states his position will undermine cameron ? 
  also boris has been a known euroskeptic for years , he 's published many articles on it . 
  each to their own i guess . 
  i am still undecided on the eu and i notice the guardian pushes much more of an extreme ideology ( in regards to many things including eu referendum ) in comparison to the telegraph . 
  1 ) the uk leaving the eu is unlikely . 
  the remain campaign has a sizeable lead , on the whole remain is the more convincing argument and public votes tend to favour the status quo . 
  2 ) cameron wo n't resign because of a leave vote . 
  he has already stated he is resigning before the next election anyway . 
  after the referendum has happened it wo n't matter too much what politician backed which camp . 
  3 ) boris has always been a well known euroskeptic . 
  before and during his tenure as london mayor . 
  he 's published many articles on it . 
  4 ) if being pro-europe is important for the london mayor , why has the tory candidate to be the next london mayor ( zac goldsmith ) already come out and pledged his support to the leave campaign ? 
  all top level politicians in europe are aware of each other . 
  especially ones which are likely to be the next prime minister/president of a major european power . 
  they would of all taken notice had boris stated his intention before the negotiation was over . 
  to deny this is to deny the reality of politics . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  nope , on a european level aswell . 
  if cameron was with all the top eu leaders pushing for the best possible deal , he could of said * ` if you give into these demands i can get all the top conservative politicians to campaign to stay ' * , but this would not of been possible if notable top level tories ( like boris ) had already come out and said they are backing the leave campaign regardless . 
  where has he acknowledged this ? 
  do you have a link ? 
  he would of never come out and said he backs leaving before the negotiations were over as it would have weakened cameron 's negotiation position . 
  so him campaigning for what he believes is best for this country ( after being given a free vote on the issue ) is somehow stabbing cameron in the back ? 
  ( who was the one that granted him a free vote ), 
  he knew what cameron was aiming for but he did n't know what brussels was going to concede . 
  he waited for cameron to state the terms he negotiated and inevitably for cameron to state he 's backing remain ( as everyone knew he would ) . 
  but your line of reasoning does n't make sense . 
  if this was all a political ploy for boris to become pm he would of backed remain as that is the more likely/most popular choice . 
  he is risking a lot by backing leave . 
  what do you mean the timing ? 
  he was obviously going to wait until the negotiaton was over before stating what his voting intention was .
