white is the best colour * inngeerrllannnnnnddddddddd *, 
  * ` in greece it 's considered somewhat weird to go to an appointment exactly on time ' * and that 's why you ca n't get your economy going xd, 
  * wait a sec , there was another country that roamed the world with its empire before the british expansion * spain ? 
  i think it 's time all of europe step aside and let the brits have complete control of the continent . 
  we have 200 years experience handling a large empire and currently germany are not doing a very good job at it . 
  well , you basically are, 
  probably because you were both dominated by the british, 
  * ` stupid to want to be seperated from england ' * * ` crushed by france , rusia and especially by england ' * * ` crushed by portugal and england at sea ' * i always liked you portugese, 
  i think slovenia needs to be civilised, 
  so far i 've seen * ` amazing ' , ` birthplace of modern democracy ' , ` important ' , ` small but strong ' * etc. 
  uk popular and stronk, 
  the more i see of these the more i think the world secretly loves us, 
  fuck that , i 'd rather be rich, 
  maybe because you surrendered ? 
  farage is a legend, 
  in the uk it 's ... * why is america so racist * lol, 
  silence plebs . 
  ` important ' uk is here, 
  good luck getting the brits and french on board for this, 
  australia is extremely close to the uk . 
  the country is basically the uk in the sun . 
  i would have been suprised if they did n't get involved . 
  * i fully expect a change of leadership * i think that 's more unlikely than people like to make out . 
  i do n't agree with corbyn at all but he won the leadership contest with a huge mandate . 
  he 's earned the right to fight a general election . 
  i do n't think a remain vote would completly kill of johnson 's chances tbh . 
  people tend to dislike him in this sub but overall he is an extremly popular politician . 
  first he would need to win the conservative leadership contest in 2018 , which will most likely be him against george osborne and theresa may . 
  i think johnson will take this as he is a well liked public figure and the other two do n't come across particularly well . 
  in this day and age the way you are perceived is just as important as your policies . 
  after this he would go head to head with the labour leader in 2020 , who will most likely be jeremy corbyn unless he chooses to step down . 
  in a johnson vs corbyn situation i can only see johnson coming out on top . 
  although i 'm sure many people on reddit will dispute this , the reality is right leaning england will not vote a hard left winger like corbyn into number 10 . 
  boris johnson is the next british prime minister . 
  why ? 
  only because we allow it , 
  in some countries most outward migration is from the over 65s retiring, 
  and they 're all seemingly coming to london to work in pret !, 
  did we really need a poll for this ? 
  even with the us spanish has more native speakers . 
  but it 's not about how many speakers it has , it 's more about how rich and influential the countries that speak it are . 
  hypothetically if the us never existed . 
  there would still be a network of rich influential english speaking countries around the world , which is something that spanish continues to lack . 
  the most geopolitically relevant spanish speaking countries are spain , argintina and mexico . 
  without the us the most geopolitically relevant english speaking countries are the uk , india , canada and australia/new zealand . 
  so i would say either way english would have the edge over spanish . 
  with the us however english completly blows spanish out of the water . 
  even if the usa did n't exist . 
  english would still be spoken in the uk , ireland , canada , australia , new zealand , large parts of africa and large parts of india . 
  whether or not it would be the lingua franca without the us is a different question . 
  but it would certainly still be a hugely popular language . 
  much more so than say french , portugese and maybe even more than spanish . 
  this is all a direct result of british imperialism . 
  you 're not * that * weak . 
  you 're probably number 4 in europe . 
  the word options does not imply being noble or nobility . 
  they mean completly different things . 
  i 'm not saying it is pleasent or easy . 
  but it 's definatly an advantage greeks have that many people from outside the eu do n't have . 
  greeks are not forced to ' * mire in shit * ' which is what the original commenter said , they can actually do something about their situation . 
  i never used the word noble . 
  i am couching him as anti-uk because he wrote a sloppy anti-uk article where he tried to paint brits wanting to leave the eu as power hungry imperialists who just want their empire back . 
  on further inspection i find out he is from india , a country which was brutally colonised and left in ruins by the british . 
  a country that is still suffering entrenched poverty . 
  many academics , particularly indian academics , believe this entrenched poverty is a direct result of british imperialism . 
  i then find out he has written a book titled * ` from the ruins of empire : the revolt against the west and the remaking of asia ' . 
  * his book details how the victorian era was a disaster for asia because of european imperialism , particularly british imperialism . 
  i also found out he 's accused other authors of racism for publishing books that suggest western colonisation had some benefits for the colonised countries . 
  taking all of this into account i think it 's fair to say his nationality may very well of played a part in forming his views on the british in the realm of geo-politics . 
  which might be the reason he is publishing misinformed and anti-british articles like the one here . 
  you trying to paint me as a racist for acknowledging this is merely you trying to stiffle free speech and debate because you do n't agree with me . 
  when in reality i put forward quite a convincing argument . 
  * where would a brexit poster be * i want the uk to remain in the eu * without bringing anti-imperialist thinly-veiled racism into it * it 's not racist to acknowledge britain invading and colonising other countries may have resulted in people from those countries being resentful of the uk . 
  that 's interesting . 
  here in the uk people would generally rather work a low wage job than be unemployed . 
  they hate us cos they aint us, 
  please guys , leave polymute alone . 
  i have a feeling he is crying at his computer . 
  you are getting rekt xd, 
  no i do n't believe that . 
  but i do believe there are * some * people around the world who do n't like the uk because of the actions of the british in the past . 
  this attitude is more prevalent in countries that were severely adversely effected by the british empire , namely india . 
  the article was written by an indian . 
  someone from a country that fell victim to british imperialism ( a country that still has n't fully recovered from it ) , maybe this is why the author has a problem with the british ? 
  to the point he wrote this poorly researched anti-uk article . 
  yet another nail in the leave campaign 's coffin, 
  * have probably condemned a whole generation to mire in shit . 
  * not necessarily . 
  given the eu 's free movement unemployed greeks have lots of options . 
  i 've certainly noticed more greeks around london in the last few years . 
  i 'm in favour of britain remaining in the eu but this article is so far off the mark it 's embarrassing . 
  someone could just as easily construct a counter argument saying the remain campaign are the ones pining for an empire , which they can form with the eu in order to become a future superpower . 
  i think this may be a political stunt . 
  livingstone is already 70 , he 's on his last career legs anyway . 
  he may have been told by labour to say this anti-jew stuff , which allows sadiq khan ( labour 's london mayoral candidate ) to come out very quickly and denounce ken and say he should step down . 
  this strong lightning fast response makes sadiq look like a principled leader and also reduces the weight of the conservative accusations that he 's an extremist , as an islamic extremist would never defend jews in this way . 
  or maybe livingstones just lost his marbles . 
  no we did n't, 
  hollande is not * that * powerful in all honesty . 
  the french leader generally just plays second fiddle to the german leader these days .
