  the idea that he 's backing brexit to only further his career just does n't stand up to scrutiny . 
  i enjoy him as he seems to get under the skin of the hard left in a way no one else does . 
  not to mention as soon as he entered the white house he removed churchill 's bust and send it back to the uk . 
  i would n't say genius , but there is no necessity to learn a second language as a native english speaker . 
  if someone does learn one to fluency , it certainly implies a degree of intelectual curiosity . 
  there has n't really been much of a special relationship under obama . 
  he 's been a well known euro skeptic for the majority of his journalist and political career . 
  i was under the impression he 's been anti-eu for a while now ? 
  how do you mean for political purposes ? 
  he studied classics at oxford , he 's a published author , fluent in french , an established journalist , an mp , currently the mayor of london and one of the favourites to be the next prime minsiter . 
  we saw on his tax return the other week he already earns nearly 3 times as much as the current prime minister . 
  does n't matter if someone is left or right wing , stupid people do n't find themselves at the top of politics . 
  you can disagree with johnson 's politics all you want , but you ca n't realistically accuse him of lacking intellect . 
  he 's clearly a clever man . 
  he 's already argued in favour of the uk staying in the eu . 
  he 's supposed to be coming to the uk soon to urge people to vote remain . 
  allegedly, 
  are the french aware they have next to zero influence and are seen as a mere extension of merkel 's will ? 
  an independant scotland would have been too poor to join the nordic council . 
  as an englishman , i approve, 
  not to mention [ britain had almost as much of africa as france did ] ( http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1105/1252821446_7b1555d35a_o.gif ) . 
  well , just to give you some insight from a british perspective . 
  having our own currency gives us economic freedom you just do n't get in eurozone countries . 
  - it gives britain the ability to control it 's own interest policy . 
  - the pound is a stronger currency so we have a more comfortable exchange rate ( admittly this goes both ways , but most people here view it as a net positive ) . 
  - taking on the euro means you have to meet the euro convergence criteria , which would involve mainting a debt to gdp ratio that limits british fiscal policy . 
  - currency unions have collapsed in the past . 
  there is no guarantee that the euro will be a long term success . 
  indeed the euro could be a recipe for economic stagnation and higher structural unemployment if the european central bank pursues a deflationary monetary policy for europe at odds with the needs of the domestic uk economy . 
  i think we 've only got to look at british economic growth rates in comparison to other big eurozone countries ( france , germany ) to see we have recently been in a better economic position , and we certainly do n't want to change that . 
  schengen is more down to personal political preference and by and large the uk does not want to be apart of it . 
  brits prefer having elected british politicians in control of the big issues rather than say , dutch or belgian ones . 
  and the french think differently ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i 'm talking numerous fairly influential countries all over the world . 
  countries that sit high in the collective public conscience . 
  portugal have brazil , but to my knowledge that 's the only one ? 
  ( i could be wrong here , i 'm no expert ) . 
  a region of canada ( quebec ) and a couple of micro states ( curacao , suriname ) do n't qualify . 
  1 ) the uk has an island nation mentality . 
  similar to the mentality the japanese hold in relation to the rest of asia . 
  2 ) the uk views itself in a different situation from the rest of europe ; e.g. 
  the uk has culturally similar countries all over the world whereas the rest of europe does n't really ( maybe with the exception of spain ) , the uk was an out and out victor in both world wars whereas the rest of europe was n't , the uk had by far the most successful empire etc. 
  3 ) historically , britain has had more geopolitical success when it shunned europe and looked out towards the rest of the world . 
  4 ) britain was n't there at the creation of the eu . 
  some people believe the laws have been rigged against the british since . 
  5 ) britain was originally blocked from joining the eu by france . 
  this made some people sour . 
  it lead to a rise in anti-french sentiment in british tv and comedy in particular . 
  this ended up seaping into the rest of the anglosphere ( e.g. 
  the french are cowards , their women are hairy and they all smell like cheese ) . 
  6 ) there is still an anti-german sentiment amongst parts of the british working class . 
  this is a hangover from ww2 . 
  it often manifests itself in football chants like ' 2 world wars and 1 world cup ' or ` my grandad killed your grandad ' . 
  7 ) british people generally do n't view eu economic laws as particulary beneficial to britain 's service based , finance based economy . 
  8 ) the eu is n't doing particulary well at the moment , whereas britain is doing decently . 
  some people believe the eu is dragging the uk down . 
  9 ) the major descisions britain has made to seperate itself from the eu , namely keeping the pound and opting out of schengen , have proven to be very beneficial to the uk . 
  this makes people wonder , will it be even more beneficial if we just leave all together ? 
  10 ) british people view their country as a world leader ( particulary the older generation ) and they do n't like the idea of being on equal economic footing in the union with france and lesser economic footing than germany . 
  11 ) given britain 's success in the past , there is a certain arrogance where people assume our country will do well no matter what ( this is particularly prevalent on the political right ) . 
  this leads to a more take it or leave it attitude to the eu . 
  12 ) british people view the eu as an undemocratic institution . 
  britain created modern parlimentary democracy and the country takes it very seriously . 
  the eu seems a bit too anonymous and people do n't like the idea that continental bureaucrats create and pass laws on the country . 
  not to say i agree or disgaree with these . 
  just what i 've noticed . 
  i encourage you to . 
  they hate us cos they ai n't us, 
  yeah , undoubtly a reaction from the smear campaign in the left wing media over cameron 's wealth . 
  * ` without more than 50 % of its export and business with the eu . 
  ' * are you honestly trying to suggest these would just disappear ? 
  i 'm not even pro-brexit but that argument is absurd . 
  i doubt it . 
  cameron 's ratings have slightly dipped . 
  but no where near to the extent reddit suggests . 
  remember , most of the anti-cameron opinions you read on this website are from angry , left wing teenagers . 
  he is a well respected statesmen by and large . 
  lol , i can already smell the butthurt, 
  you can also move on without all of our money . 
  good luck with greece . 
  * ` pascal saint-amans said ' * case in point , one person . 
  * ' i ca n't tell if you 're thick or just stubborn . 
  ' * back at you, 
  did you even read your own link ? 
  the oecd did n't unanimously come to that descision . 
  as it clearly states in the article it was one guy who worked at the oecd who said that . 
  sorry , but one guys opinion that got published on a left wing irish webtsite ca n't change facts . 
  do you dispute the definition of the word ? 
  the real question to come out of all of this is how is boris johnson already earning three times as much as the pm ? 
  * ` tax haven . 
  definition : a country or independent area where taxes are levied at a low rate . 
  ' * ireland is a country with a very low corporation tax . 
  it is absolutely a tax haven . 
  no , their general policy of allowing all those people in in the first place is naive and short sighted . 
  no , the german and swedish handling of this situation is incredibly naive and short sighted . 
  there is nothing admirable about it . 
  it is incredibly naive and short sighted . 
  if you actually look at european history you will see free speech is very much what defined the continent . 
  especially since the 1500s .
