  no way . 
  the us has by far the most mass attacks on civilians . 
  not to mention they have had by far the largest one . 
  of course it will be a better deal than those two . 
  we have much more economic weight than them and we operate a trade deficit with germany . 
  the real question is how much better the deal would be . 
  no i do n't . 
  no one in britain does . 
  i imagine they are something to do with the ira ? 
  in britain we move on . 
  we have bigger things to worry about . 
  ireland and the actions of the irish never get talked about here . 
  they are just not significant enough . 
  sorry to disapoint . 
  do n't try and get all serious . 
  99 % of your comments are talking nonsense . 
  you 're an insecure child who ca n't handle the fact your country is very forgettable . 
  why are you so obsessed with the uk ? 
  it 's odd . 
  especially considering most brits never think or talk about ireland . 
  because you are weak . 
  why they singled you out ahead of a number of other eu countries though , i do n't know, 
  * now we are in a position where one country in the eu has the largest population and gdp , causing disproportionate gain for that country . 
  * i do n't think you need to worry about this too much . 
  germany 's population , and subsequently their gdp , is set to drop off a cliff over the course of our lifetime . 
  if we are to beleive demographic forecasts , in 30 years britain and france will be the big two of europe , whereas germany will be more on par with italy . 
  collectiveindividual , do you wish you were british ? 
  i see you on here talking about the uk more than anyone else . 
  you seemingly have a stronger opinion on the uk and the referendum than most brits do . 
  any talk about britain and/or the referendum gets downvoted by all the continentals nowadays . 
  britian is the only country capable of saving the eu . 
  all other key players have put all their eggs in the further intergration basket , if they back out of it now they loose face , even though it is clearly not working at all . 
  i am so so so so so glad britain is n't caught up in all this euro mess . 
  all the ricky gervais show podcasts are hilarious . 
  good luck to any straight white guys hoping to get jobs and/or progress their career at the bbc . 
  competency , experience and qualifications clearly do n't matter anymore . 
  you are basing this on one article from a few years ago ? 
  talk about clutching at straws . 
  i do n't even need to present a detailed argument as i think deep down you know you are wrong , that 's why you are trying so hard to prove your point to strangers on the internet xd tinder123456 sums it up pretty well , 
  * ' and the uk has less diplomatic influence than france , by far ' * lol oh man . 
  you have to be really deluded to believe that xd, 
  good article . 
  sums up the situation well . 
  let 's hope for a remain vote . 
  why are sikhs so much more succesful than muslims across the western world ? 
  of course she could n't . 
  i could take obama in a 1v1, 
  now it 's the third ? 
  * ` but obamas track record with the uk suggests he does not ' * i do n't know man . 
  as soon as he became the president he sent churchill 's bust back to the uk , he 's actively criticised cameron 's foreign policy , he said britain would be at the back of the que when it comes to striking a trade deal with the us , he said france is america 's strongest ally etc. 
  individually these are n't big things , but all together they begin to paint a picture . 
  the fact that obama 's ancestral homeland was persecuted by the british gives credence to the idea . 
  boris johnson was ballsy to point this out in the way he did . 
  lol , if the us is batman and the uk robin , what 's the rest of the anglosphere ? 
  have you not followed the brexit situation at all ? 
  i would advise you do some reading before debating it on this forum . 
  lol , france dislike us because we 've always one upped them at everything . 
  deep down they know we are superior , that 's why they dislike us , 
  if a two speed eu was a possibility , it would of been offered to cameron in his negotiations . 
  it was made very clear this was n't an option . 
  if the eu ca n't offer this when it 's second largest economy and strongest military power is about to walk , then it will never be offered . 
  so france does n't have any ` do n't knows ' ? 
  why are the french so engaged in the brexit debate ? 
  seemingly even more so than the british lol . 
  * ` just because you do n't see the change does n't mean nothings happening . 
  ' * yes , that 's why i 'm asking . 
  have any brits here noticed worse public services in the country as of late ? 
  i hear and reads lots about cuts to public services . 
  but from my use and observations all the public services seem to be operating pretty well . 
  * ` petty national jealousy ' * what am i jealous of exactly ? 
  to be fair , the economic arguments in favour of remain sound awfully similar to the arguments in favour of us adopting the euro a few years back . 
  they were wrong then , they could very well be wrong now . 
  david cameron is a terrific statesman . 
  a few far left teenagers complaining wo n't change that . 
  * waiting for butthurt downvotes *, 
  nice . 
  a bit suprised we are ahead of china . 
  ( my top three would be usa , china and then the uk in third ) . 
  together we can all form the protestant union . 
  rescue cameron from what ? 
  i doubt it . 
  in the event of brexit he would probably stay on until 2018 , when he will stand down and boris will take the reigns . 
  surely britain has more millionaires than that ? 
  just about everyone who owns a house in the south east is a millionaire . 
  no idea, 
  it 's as much a reflection of population growth than anything else . 
  germany and japan are set to drop down the total gdp rankings as their populations shrink , whereas britain is set to climb as britian 's population is growing relatively quickly . 
  yeah , on most economic and demographic forcasts it is set to grow to the 4th largest aswell . 
  we are actually the world 's 5th largest economy . 
  on most economic and demographic trend we are set to be the 4th largest in 15 years or so . 
  yes i understand your point of view . 
  what i 'm saying is it does n't make sense as it would be in his best political interest to back remain as that is the most likely outcome of the referendum . 
  but he did n't , he stayed true to the viewpoint he has been expressing for years in his writing career and backed vote leave . 
  you ca n't honestly be trying to suggest public profile is n't important for a potential leader of a major political party ? 
  party leaders are all part of a much greater political machine . 
  their first and foremost priority is to give the party the highest possible chance of winning the general election , for this public profile is key . 
  this is what labour got so wrong in the miliband era . 
  but what boris johnson lacks in ministerial experience he more than makes up for in mayoral experience and general popularity ( certainly so in comparison to osbourne and may ) . 
  he 's been a well known euroskeptic for years . 
  if anything he is taking a bigger gamble by backing brexit as remaining in the eu is still the most likely outcome of the referendum , and it was certainly the most likely outcome when he first publicly backed vote leave .
