  nope , i just think you 're misguided and kind of pathetic . 
  you 're a pretty cool country . 
  i associate you with rich people , chocolate and skiing . 
  * ` we have been there ' * you went much much further than simple nationalism . 
  nationalism can be great . 
  feeling proud of your country and it 's achievements . 
  i feel sorry whole generations of germans will never get to experience this for fear and embarrassment of nazism . 
  world wars aside , germany is pretty great country and you should be proud . 
  god , i am so glad there are very few people like you down in england . 
  i feel sorry for the scots that actually like and respect the uk for what it is and what is has achieved . 
  they have to spend all their time surrounded by people like you . 
  smelly french, 
  it 's because the british diet is rather fattening ( roast dinners , full english breakfast , lots of pies , lots of alcohol , potatoes with everything ) . 
  the other anglo sphere countries have all inherited elements of this . 
  the left and hard left see it as a top quality news outlet . 
  everyone from centre-left to far right see 's it as a joke . 
  to be british is to be smugly superior . 
  deep down we know we are the best . 
  we have a vague feeling we are past our best , but then we know our best was better than anyone else 's best , and we 're still pretty good . 
  we sit back and relax on our rainy little island watching the pleb hordes comes and vacation here ( despite the weather ) . 
  sitting comfortable in the knowledge the world speaks our language , plays our sports , obeys our laws and uses our inventions . 
  we have successfully civilised the world and our work is done . 
  * sips smugly on tea *, 
  jokes on you , us brits are already fat . 
  muslims in the uk are 5 % of the population . 
  in sweden in 2009 muslims made up 5 % of the population . 
  however since 2009 sweden has taken in large numbers of muslim refugees whereas the uk has not . 
  leading me to believe sweden has a substantially higher muslim community as a % of it 's population . 
  yes , the situation in france and sweden is dire . 
  lucky for us in the uk our muslim population is smaller and more manageable . 
  yes says the brit . 
  at one point britain was the 7th largest economy in the world , we were known as the sick man of europe . 
  britain then moved past brazil into 6th , then past france into 5th and now on all demographic and economic forecasts the country is set to overtake germany in the coming years and move into 4th . 
  britain is the comeback country . 
  france has been treading water since napoleon . 
  sorry if the truth offends you . 
  the french decline continues . 
  frexit would n't be that much of a big deal on it 's own . 
  however brexit with frexit would be the end of the eu . 
  in recent years spain , italy & denmark have performed the strongest , the only other restaurant to break into the top 3 since 2010 not from those three countries was british . 
  france has n't had a top three restaurant since 2008 . 
  it used to be considered the best alongside italy . 
  but from my experience ( anecdotal ) and modern rankings ( factual ) it is not a top caliber food nation anymore . 
  travelled around and ate in a lot of different places , the food just did n't have a particularly high quality . 
  also on most dining ranks france has fallen dramatically in recent years . 
  did n't salmond just claim religious extremism does n't happen in scotland because scotland has ` better ' relations with it 's migrant communities than the rest of the uk/europe ? 
  france is not a good country to eat anymore . 
  usa , china , uk , russia and germany all could enforce international law against france . 
  * ` in relative to the biggest parties in the uk , he is ' * no he is n't, 
  you 're just angry no one wants to live in your crappy country, 
  yep , exact same as the scottish independence campaign/referendum . 
  i think you care much more about the falklands than the brits and argentinians do . 
  what country the island is apart of is completely down to the people on the island . 
  spain should consult argentina about how pouncing on the falklands worked for them . 
  i think uk is one of , if not the highest in europe . 
  it 's why so many people are trying to come here . 
  as a brit i 've got to say i know surprisingly little about ireland and their independence . 
  but they decided to pursue it during ww1 ? 
  is that not a little weak ? 
  when the uk was risking everything to help countries over on the continent they decide to stab them in the back ? 
  i 'm sure i 'll get down voted for this but it seems like a very cowardly act . 
  it will probably have to be the uk again, 
  made life harder for the unemployed ? 
  he 's done everything in his power to get people into work . 
  no matter who you are , if you want a job in the uk you can get one . 
  you can attack him on his record on a number of things , but he 's undoubtedly helped the unemployed . 
  much more so than 13 years of labour ever did . 
  nigel farage is hardly far right . 
  people here really do n't care that much about it . 
  having control of the falklands does n't give anyone a ` feeling of an empire ' . 
  i do n't think anyone wants a ` feeling of an empire ' . 
  we have much more important stuff going on . 
  the only reasons those islands are british is because the islanders voted to be british . 
  for that reason we will defend them to the death . 
  he is pro brexit , i do n't recall him being particularly anti immigration though . 
  that was in 2013 . 
  since then the uk economy has boomed and the german economy has floundered . 
  * downvotes for the truth ? 
  brits tend to go to spain en masse for retirment . 
  france is a somewhat popular choice , but not as much as others . 
  london/uk seems to be safer than the rest of the continent at the moment . 
  yes . 
  especially the french . 
  london is the 4th largest french city in the world . 
  huge numbers of french yuppies come to live and work in london . 
  when i was working in the city i heard french on every street corner . 
  same goes for germans , but to a lesser extent than the french . 
  i do n't think there is anywhere in the uk as bad as molenbeek . 
  was n't it only the other day alex salmond claimed scotland 's immigrant communities are much better intergrated than the rest of the uk ? 
  if germany & france think poorly of the uk , why do germans and french come to this country en masse ? 
  this chart confuses me, 
  no one in the uk considers italy in the same league as us btw, 
  opppssss lol , 2050 *, 
  this is impossible to predict for 10 years into the future , let alone to 1950 . 
  yes , we all know this by now . 
  but scotland is not independant . 
  scotland just voted against independence . 
  scotland will not be independant for a long long time ( if ever ) . 
  let 's move the debate on please . 
  too easily differentiate between that and football .
