  the loss at the battle of britain , a time when german strength was at it 's peak and the nazi army only knew victory , proved an invasion would never happen . 
  the raf was too strong and the luftwaffe was too damaged to make a realistic second attempt of it ( luftwaffe came out of the affair much worse off then the raf ) . 
  * ` since the uk was the only country left at war with us at that point . 
  ' * what do you mean ` with us ' ? 
  this whole time you 've been acting like your british ? 
  oh god , i now know why you are so invested in pushing forward fictitious anti-uk pro german arguments , you 're an insecure german who ca n't handle the fact you got your arse spanked in ww2 . 
  you need to get over it man and accept reality . 
  you guys lost ww2 . 
  britain and the allies won decisively . 
  * you seem to feel so convinced that germany would never have been able to conquer the uk even if it did not attack the soviet union * it 's not really a matter of being convinced or not , it 's just a matter of looking at historical fact . 
  the nazis failed miserably in their planned occupation of the uk . 
  once their luftwaffe was damaged to the point it was they realised an invasion of britain was impossible . 
  only then ( a full 8 months after the end of the bob ) did they look towards russia and eastward expansion . 
  i quoted you multiple academics and gave you a comprehensive link to access more information . 
  you really need me to spoon feed every minute detail for you ? 
  you seem to be arguing against the academics lol , none of those words were mine . 
  ' * the bob alone did not change much apart from preventing the invasion for 1940 * ' so you mean it prevented the uk ( country you live in ) falling to nazi germany , meaning it prevented at the time the last fighting obstacle between hitler and complete control of europe . 
  it allowed britain to continue fighting in the war , it allowed the western allies to ultimately liberate france . 
  it allowed the british to take the war to nazi europe through regular bombing campaigns on areas of political and/or industrial interest . 
  it enacted significant damage to german air power . 
  meaning from that point on the main nazi threat was on the land and sea , not in the air . 
  are you honestly still trying to act like it was n't a huge turning point in the war ? 
  considering up until that point the nazis had steam rolled absolutely everyone , including major world powers like france . 
  1 ) i 'm talking about muslim immigrants , not immigrants as a whole . 
  2 ) they have been out performing * white working class kids * , not british kids as a whole . 
  3 ) i do n't really give a toss about what sort of children are academic in all honesty . 
  they may have started coming 20 years ago , but i would be willing to bet they were in small enough numbers not too notice . 
  the current wave is unprecedented for europe , let alone a small country like sweden . 
  i think sweden has also taken in the most per capita out of the entire eu in a bid to out-liberal the germans and prove to the world how nice and accepting they are . 
  this is a critical mistake driven by short sighted political ideology . 
  it will have permanent consequences for sweden . 
  i am no expert on bosnian muslim immigration to sweden . 
  but again i would imagine those numbers were small enough not too notice . 
  and i have noticed it tends to be muslims from the middle east that are the more conservative/hard line . 
  all i 'm saying is i 'm very glad my country ( uk ) have taken in very very few of this current wave . 
  we already have a sizeable muslim community here ( about 5 % of our population ) and we do n't want it to grow anymore than it already will from high birth rates . 
  in an ideal situation yes . 
  but muslim 's tend to form their own communities separate from the house country , with their own courts , practises and faith schools . 
  language is a part of this . 
  you seem to be pinning all your hopes on muslims being the same as other immigrant groups . 
  we 've had muslim communities in the uk a while now and as a brit i can tell you they 're not the same , they are very very different . 
  muslims are compelled by their religion not to integrate . 
  it 's better you learn this now than 20 years down the line . 
  some immigration can be great , but large scale third world muslim immigration is not a benefit . 
  sweden is a terrific place to live if you are unambitious and/or unintelligent . 
  anyone with a brain and ambition would prefer the uk . 
  it 's why so much of europe want to live and work in the uk , not sweden lol . 
  well you 're free to believe what you want of course . 
  but do n't take my word for it , listen to the academics . 
  * ` the failure of nazi germany to achieve its objective of destroying britain 's air defences in order to force britain to negotiate an armistice ( or even surrender outright ) is considered to be its first major defeat in world war ii , and a crucial turning point in the conflict . 
  * ' * ` the battle of britain marked the first major defeat of hitler 's military forces , with air superiority seen as the key to victory ' * * ` the battle of britain solidified britain 's control of the air above the united kingdom and indeed above the english channel . 
  this paired with large scale damage to the german luftwaffe neutered nazi germany as an offensive threat , forcing hitler to look eastwards . 
  * * ` result : decisive british victory ' * [ you should read up on it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_britain ) . 
  considering you 're a brit i 'm surprised you know so little about it . 
  it was hugely influential to the events of the largest war in history and a big piece of our countries history . 
  polish, 
  lol , germany threw the kitchen sink in the form of the luftwaffe at the uk but were pushed back by the royal airforce . 
  you think it was a footnote ? 
  academia states it as the first major allied victory ( after germany had steamrolled mainland europe ) and a key turning point in the war . 
  i get you 're probably a self hating left winger but you ca n't honestly believe nazi germany 's first major defeat , a defeat that denied them control of the entire european continent is a footnote ? 
  you do n't generally believe that do you ? 
  * ` england - glaxosmithkline ' * i can see their global headquarters from my window , 
  oh man , sweden has gone from a great country to a terrible one in a few short years . 
  i 'm now just watching the situation with morbid curiosity . 
  with muslim birth rates , that 2 % will become 10 % in a few years . 
  * ` maybe this is why people hate the english ' * care to elaborate on this ? 
  right i can see you 're not going to be convinced by facts of historical event . 
  so i will leave you to believe whatever you want about nazi germany and ww2 , 
  * ` in 1941 , the plans were more or less abandoned due to the war against the soviet union . 
  * ' that is incorrect . 
  the plans of occupying britain were abandoned prior to this as they were not feasible for nazi germany . 
  germany knew they needed to gain control of the skies over the english channel and southern england , in order for them to gain naval control of the sea , in order for them to be able to ship troops across the channel . 
  however nazi germany fell at the first hurdle , the british royal airforce won decisively in the battle of britain , making any plans of a german invasion impossible . 
  it was only after losing the battle of britain , which took place july - october 1940 , did germany turn it 's sights towards russia . 
  the invasion of russia began 22nd june 1941 , a full 8 months after the end of the battle of britain . 
  even if russia did n't get involved in the war , nazi germany never would of been able to occupy the uk as the luftwaffe was not as strong as the royal airforce . 
  so basically if you toppled the entire british empire ? 
  you could n't even get german boots onto the british isles when it was nazi europe vs the uk ( read up on the battle of britain ) . 
  germany never stood a chance of winning the whole thing . 
  you only conquered lots of weak countries + france . 
  i suppose we have different connotations for flag over here . 
  if you wave the cross of st george at anytime other than a sporting event or national holiday it may hold that connotation . 
  but people wave the union jack whenever and wherever they want and no one thinks anything of it . 
  does n't matter what they intended . 
  the fact is they needed do to win ww2 . 
  which they never stood a chance of doing . 
  therefore they did n't almost win ww2 . 
  so what is considered the more senior position ? 
  president or pm ? 
  how did they almost win two world war ? 
  they never stood of chance of toppling the british empire , ussr or the us, 
  it 's looked down upon for a german to wave their own flag ? 
  france has a pm !, 
  nope , i am not claiming uk is better for everything . 
  as i said if you are unambitious and/or unintelligent then scandinavia is arguably the best place to live in the world . 
  huh ? 
  a little englander is someone who opposes an international role/policy for england/uk . 
  i am the opposite . 
  i know how terrific this country is , i believe if the world were more like the uk the world would be a much better place . 
  therefore i am all in favour of the uk taking an active stance when it comes to foreign policy .
