  surely ikea for sweden, 
  i am calm . 
  i am speaking in facts here . 
  do you dispute anything i 've said ? 
  * ` plenty of start-ups here in stockholm . 
  if they go abroad they typically go to sv ' * by start ups do you mean only tech starts up ? 
  because those are the only companies that go to silicon valley . 
  and 99 % of tech start ups from scandinavia will never make it to sv lol . 
  * ` london is just a step-stone to either ny or singapore ' * why would london be a stepping stone ? 
  by all measures london is now the number 1 city in the world . 
  it is one of only two cities rated alpha + + ( alongside new york ) and by this measurement it overtook new york in the early 2000s . 
  sorry but scandinavia is not the perfect location you seem to think it is . 
  people from all over europe are desperate to come and live and work in the uk , not scandinavia . 
  anyone with ambition and a brain steers well clear of countries as heavily socialised as the nordics . 
  not superb . 
  but much more manageable than scandinavia . 
  disagree about most wanting to go back . 
  scandinavia is a terrific place to live if you 're poor and unambitious . 
  in studies it may rank highly for standard of living etc , but the fact remains there is little career opportunity there . 
  even if you did forge a career there , as soon as you begin to earn decent money the government will aggressively take it from you in order to fund better childcare for the poor and unemployed . 
  not too mention it 's arctic temperatures . 
  * ` hence his famous `` if you have n't been a communist in your youth , you have no heart '' quote . 
  ' * if you 're going to use that quote , at least get it right !, 
  * individual muslims may show splendid qualities , but the influence of the religion paralyses the social development of those who follow it * - winson churchill , 1899 . 
  it 's amazing how ahead of the curve the right has been on this issue . 
  it 's equally amazing how behind the curve and regressive the left still are on this . 
  lol , it 's funny . 
  the impression i get from europeans on this sub is they all think the uk is a backward , right wing , past it 's prime shambles of a country . 
  but in reality they would all love to live and work here !, 
  jealousy at it 's finest i would imagine . 
  we all know the uk is the best all round country in europe , and it will continue to be so for a long time , 
  lol , in order words you were looking for an argument . 
  * ` the fact is they do n't know what they want ' * i think it 's more a case of people having different views of what they want the country to look like , you see this on both sides of the campaign . 
  some want to vote leave in order to drastically reduce migration and become a more inward facing country . 
  some want to vote leave in order to be be able to choose the best and most talented migrants from around the world to come a live here , and they want the uk to adopt a global outlook rather than a european one . 
  of course i 'm being serious . 
  linking an opinion piece from a right wing largely euro-skeptic website from 6 years ago is not a good way to further your point . 
  back then this was a much more obscure issue . 
  as of right now the eu debate involves the entire uk electorate and is very important . 
  it no longer just concerns the right wing of the tory party . 
  i 'm not denying that some conservative mps are against a lot of eu measures , and i 'm not trying to defend all of their positions . 
  i 'm speaking from a politically centralist point of view . 
  the eu is not democratic enough for me as a voter . 
  we do n't have a high enough proportion of mep 's in european parliament in relation to our population size and economic/military weight . 
  for the record , i am not a staunch brexiter . 
  i am still on the fence regarding the referendum . 
  but it is important we talk about this openly without succumbing to political tribalism . 
  yeah , i 'm not staunch brexiter by any means . 
  i 'm still on the fence about the issue . 
  but i think it 's important people highlight what is going wrong with the eu in the hope it can change . 
  watch the video i linked above . 
  the uk does not have an equal voice as france or germany . 
  as they both have more mep 's as a proportion of their population . 
  * ` your link is rather populistic ' * i disagree . 
  the same guy who made and posted that video made a video arguing in favour of the eu ( you should check it out it 's quite formative ) . 
  on the balance of both his videos i think he 's leaning towards remain . 
  you can put your head in the sand all you want and continue to shun off any criticism of the eu as populism but it 's not going to achieve anything . 
  not all countries benefit from the union in the way germany does . 
  there are clear problems with the eu and they will only get fixed if we actually talk about them . 
  at least britain is actively trying to make change to better it 's position . 
  we have a first past the post system . 
  no political system is perfect , but we 've chosen this one as it churns out effective governments . 
  scotland very recently voted to remain apart of the uk . 
  there have been many times other parts of the uk had to put up with governments they did n't vote for . 
  this is democracy , everyone has an equal voice and it does n't always go your way . 
  of course the uk wants a more democratic eu . 
  it 's one of the main issues brits have with it . 
  [ watch this , specifically from 1:00 - 2:23 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jual6ln-ueo ) . 
  it 's quite obvious the eu is not a particularly democratic institution , especially from a british perspective . 
  i 'm on the fence about the eu issue but even i can see this . 
  pinning it on scapegoating is not going to advance any arguments . 
  a more democratic political process is the first thing that springs to mind . 
  i always get confused about statistics like this . 
  if white british kids fall behind at gcse , why do white british kids dominate the top universities ? 
  that made you laugh for 5 minutes ? 
  well , as i mentioned i am still very much on the fence on this issue . 
  but the same guy who made the video above also made one highlighting the key arguments for leaving . 
  [ you can watch it here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jual6ln-ueo ), 
  you honestly have n't come across any arguments in favour of vote leave ? 
  stop talking in riddles you irish leper, 
  david, 
  sort out your shit america, 
  what cameron/eu deal are you referring to ? 
  no , there is no deal . 
  that is just snp rhetoric . 
  * ` as a student at cambridge university , i maintain that leaving the eu would be a disaster for the uk ' * as a man with brown hair and size 10 feet i maintain it will not be a disaster either way . 
  yeah , i ca n't help but feel the possibility of an independent scotland has past . 
  for which i am very glad as the uk is a great country . 
  i am really split on this issue . 
  i change my mind on it every week . 
  this is very long overdue . 
  yeh , all left wing extremism did was kill 45 million in china ... 
  across history left wing extremism has proven itself much more deadly than right wing extremism . 
  patriotism has nothing do do with an idea of co-operation , it is n't about that . 
  it is about * you * and * your * country . 
  * you 're not supposed to feel proud * there is no rules on this , you can feel proud of what you like . 
  whether that be your countries skill for historical warfare , scientific achievements , humanitarian aid , tv and film scene in your country , your countries language etc. 
  whatever you want to be proud of you can . 
  that 's patriotism . 
  are you from germany or sweden by chance ?
