  this is the fairly obvious downside of being the global hegemon . 
  yes he does ? 
  the main reason we are having the eu referendum is farage . 
  yep , german demographic trends are abysmal in the long term , even with the sudden surge of muslims immigrants . 
  the country is aging drastically , they will be the next japan . 
  speak for yourself . 
  uk , germany and france are still very much a part of it . 
  any positive mention of the uk on this sub gets downvoted . 
  the fact is the uk is set to grow in prominence , we will soon be the 4th largest economy in the world and our military will grow with this . 
  most other europeans are just jealous their country is not relevant at all ( spain , italy , poland etc ) and some others are jealous as they are set to fade into irrelevance as time goes on ( germany and france ) whereas britain is set to grow in stature in the world . 
  i have already proved they do not have a far more robust defence industry ( see prior comment , as actually our defence industry is more robust ) , energy security does not equal geopolitical power ( unless you have no allies willing to provide for you , which we do ) , a good domestic rail industry has no bearing on geopolitcal power , aviation and space program has no bearing on geopolitical power ( we also share france 's space program ) , we also have nukes , we also have unsc permanent status , we are not reliant on the us , we are just closer allies with them than france ( something that works in our favour greatly ) , having a good domestic car industry has no relation to power , again france 's economy being more balanced does not correlate to power in any way whatsoever . 
  the entirety of the comment you just pasted is completly moot when arguing which country is more poweful again , are you going to try and tackle all the points i raised in my large comment or are you conceding defeat ? 
  interesting read . 
  now are you going to bother arguing any of the points ? 
  or are you conceding the uk is indeed more powerful than france ? 
  that i will not argue, 
  are you familiar with globalisation ? 
  i can go home to women of any nationality and eat any food i want . 
  but you have to speak english , on the english invented world wide web , on the english invented computer when trash talking england lol . 
  keep trying frenchie . 
  we all understand the year is not 1921 , no one here is arguing that britain is the untouchable global super power it was then . 
  the question in hand here is whether france is more powerful than the uk , all things accounted for it 's fairly obvious they are not . 
  having domestic wealth spread out more evenly throughout a country has no bearing on whether a country has geopolitical power so that is a moot point , just look at the usa , they are the most poweful country in the world but have extreme wealth inequality . 
  cutting back on domestic public services does not have anything to do with geopolitical power so that is another moot point . 
  again look at the dire state of the us 's domestic public services . 
  yes we have cut back on our military , but france has to a greater extent . 
  last calender year france spent 1.8 % of gdp on defense whereas the uk spent 2.1 % ( according to world military balance ) . 
  meaning the uk 's net spend on military is 61 billion and france 's is 53 billion . 
  [ in 2016 the uk is ranked 5th for military power , whereas france is ranked 6th ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com ) . 
  also having less direct involvement in european affairs does not equal a lack of power . 
  it just means a lack of will to use that power in europe . 
  on economic and demographic trends the uk is set to become the [ largest european economy in 10-15 years , making us the 4th largest in the world ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12068319/booming-britain-to-become-worlds-fourth-largest-economy-as-france-and-italy-face-g8-exclusion.html ) , whereas france is set to drop down the rankings considerably . 
  so much so france even risks g8 exclusion in the coming years . 
  it has nothing to do with patriotism , it 's fairly obvious this sub is very anti uk because by and large the uk is a right wing euroskeptic country and this sub is full of left wing pro-eu continentals . 
  the uk is more powerful than france and is set to grow much more so over the coming years . 
  your personal issues with british domestic policy ( which i imagine comes from a dislike for the conservative government ) has absolutely no bearing on global power . 
  * waiting for the butthurt anti-british downvotes *, 
  the uk is only aloof when it comes to european affairs . 
  on a global scale there is nothing isolationist about the uk . 
  france more powerful than the uk ? 
  you 're talking nonsense . 
  our militaries are equal , we have a larger gdp , we have a close network of culturally similar powerful countries around the world , on all demographic forecasts the uk is set to grow in prominence whereas france is set to fade into obscurity . 
  to top this all off france is viewed as just an extension of germany 's will . 
  yep , the uk is more powerful than france and set to grow far more powerful in the future . 
  * i will probably get downvoted for this because this sub is full of britain haters , but everything i said is the truth . 
  are you forgetting china and russia ? 
  why on earth did the eu not just listen to cameron on this ? 
  thanks merkel, 
  30 + million ? 
  any sources to back that up ? 
  more like the front door, 
  nope , the uk and the us just often have same interests on the world stage , meaning we often work together . 
  we have one of the most powerful militaries in the world , which we are currently using in the fight against isis , 
  oh god , this is turning into an anti uk circle jerk . 
  all you continentals are just jealous my country is more prominent and powerful than yours , 
  they did ? 
  are you sure that was n't the americans or nato in general ? 
  also did a ceasefire need to be negotiated ? 
  did n't russia annex crimea and then that was the end of it ? 
  well that was a rather odd segment of a video to link if it had nothing to do with my stance on the european union . 
  david cameron is a rather domestically focus pm yes , but that does n't mean britain lacks a strong foreign policy , certainly not so when you compare to the countries that i listed . 
  we will take the fight against isis as an example . 
  out of all these countries britain is taking by far the most active and aggresive stance . 
  you linked me a part of a video depicting how continental europeans view the uk , shouting and hanging around the exit door ( implying the exit door of the eu ) without actually leaving . 
  i assumed that meant you imagine me as someone who is anti eu , whereas i am actually pro eu . 
  if that 's not your point then what is ? 
  excuse me ? 
  yes because germany , lithuania , belarus , poland and kazakhstan all have such strong foreign policies ... 
  why on earth is david cameron not included, 
  the metro ? 
  as in the one given out on the london underground in the morning ? 
  that paper is not right wing lol . 
  not a museum but the national gallery is really impressive . 
  free to enter , has a huge amount of paintings from across the ages . 
  even has some stuff by monet , van gogh and michelangelo . 
  it 's also a short walk away from leicester square , piccadilly circus , the houses of parliment and the london eye . 
  so plenty else to do once you 're done with the gallery . 
  tried watching it a couple of years ago but i got bored after the first 20 mins . 
  so i will be giving it a miss . 
  also i did n't know it was on lol . 
  [ we do n't need luck ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12068319/booming-britain-to-become-worlds-fourth-largest-economy-as-france-and-italy-face-g8-exclusion.html ), 
  what do you mean highly educated workforce ? 
  is it more than the rest of northern europe etc ? 
  stop feeling sorry for yourself . 
  your situation is not unique . 
  everyone has been in your position at one point or another ( ca n't get experience because do n't have enough experience ) . 
  getting a first permanent job requires persistence . 
  i 've got to tell you . 
  you 're never going to get a proper job if you continue carrying around that attitude . 
  yeah , but it 's not * that * hard to find a permanent position in the uk . 
  especially if you have experience . 
  you work four jobs and do n't make minimum wage ? 
  what dafuq ... what are those 4 jobs paying you ? 
  why do n't you get a more permanent position ? 
  that 's because ireland acts as a tax haven for those companies . 
  nothing to do with the in or out campaign . 
  i want us to stay in the eu . 
  but we need to acknowledge poor leadership and politics when we see it . 
  the reason there is so many migrants flooding our continent is because germany ( and to a lesser extent sweden ) invited them . 
  let those two countries take everyone in .
