  therefore you are looking to deflect the blame from yourself onto something else so you do n't have to accept responsibility for your life choices ? 
  i do n't mean this as an insult . 
  have you gone around construction sites and spoken to all these builders ? 
  if so how personally did you get to know them ? 
  how have you come to the conclusion they are all incredibly good at what they do ? 
  so much so that they deserve to be making large amounts of money . 
  i 'm not saying everyone does or will earn large amounts of money . 
  but everyone absolutely does have the potential to . 
  could they not translate the laws of their local country into english ? 
  how long have these construction workers been in the industry ? 
  have they taken much time off work ? 
  are they good at what they do ? 
  do they slack off ? 
  how many days a week do they work ? 
  what hours ? 
  what area do they work ? 
  what are the living costs in that area ? 
  i 'm not saying every single worker in every industry earns large amounts of money . 
  i 'm saying if someone works hard over a number of years and dedicates themselves to their job they can make very good money , no matter what their background or intelligence . 
  that 's only because the soviets used their own as cannon fodder . 
  thatcher was a brilliant prime minister . 
  * waiting for downvotes *, 
  millwall, 
  that 's a very carefully worded phrase . 
  what is a modest income ? 
  does it mean they will never be able to buy as the title suggests or does it mean they wo n't be able to buy until they are older than 35 ? 
  what areas in particular are they referencing ? 
  there is places all over the uk young people on modest incomes could afford to buy if they are willing to relocate . 
  the fact that this is published in the guardian leads me to believe this article is politically charged ( e.g look how bad the current government is doing , all these people are living on the poverty line , everyone must vote labour next election to stop these evil conservatives etc ) . 
  well keep them coming !, 
  nothing wrong with more italians . 
  are you talking about the uk 's population ? 
  if so it is already beyond 60 million . 
  it was 64 million in 2013 . 
  it may be around 66 million now . 
  not really man . 
  even if you are from a poor background and have a low iq . 
  if you go into an industry , dedicate yourself and work hard over a number of years you can be successful and make very good money . 
  not really at all . 
  the housing crisis is only a crisis in and around london . 
  there is plenty of cheap housing available in manchester , liverpool , newcastle etc. 
  also even in the south east , if you have a good career owning a home is not out of reach . 
  i 'm in london and plenty of people start buying in their early to mid 30s . 
  to suggest an entire generation of people are going to be renters for 60 years + is bizarrely misinformed and hyperbolic . 
  yeah but american sky scrapers are boring as fuck . 
  european ones have character . 
  permanent renters ? 
  all across the uk ? 
  for our entire lives ? 
  definitely not, 
  good , good . 
  let the italian banks collapse . 
  then they can relocate all those finance jobs to london . 
  hello gdp boost , 
  tea and crumpets and haggis all blended together in a soup . 
  they all need to speak english . 
  if the people on this sub can all speak perfect english , why ca n't the politicians ? 
  very very good, 
  no we do n't, 
  glasgow looks like it has n't been updated since, 
  misleading title . 
  no one here is claiming the polish cracked the code first . 
  they are just saying the initial research was done by polish mathematicians before relocating to the uk at the fall of poland . 
  the poles contribution is fairly well acknowledged in textbooks etc ( at least in the uk it is ) . 
  it completely depends who you ask . 
  i 'm about to make major generalizations here but there is truth to them . 
  the educated middle class , predominatly from the south of the uk , are happy with the situation . 
  however the working class , predominatly from the north of england/wales/scotland are not happy , as these are the areas where all these industries used to be based and no other industries have replaced them since . 
  many people even point to deindustrialization as the catalyst for scotland 's desire for independence . 
  most people agree we needed to modernise our economy and many of our industries were no longer profitable . 
  we deindustrialized in the 1980s under thatcher , prior to this our economy was terrible , we were very much ` the sick man of europe ' . 
  nowadays our economy is doing well , all be it reliant on the service sector . 
  most economists point to the changes thatcher put in place as the reason for our current success . 
  in my opinion deindustrialization needed to happen and we 're now reaping the rewards of it . 
  but i can acknowledge whilst i think it has been a net benefit , it has also increased inequality in our country ( the south has since got richer whereas the rest of the uk has n't ) . 
  are brits happy with what ? 
  nope , england are however the only country to ever win both the football and rugby world cups ( almost took the cricket too ) . 
  britain as a whole is also third on the all time olympic medal table . 
  we do n't specialise in any one sport like lots of countries . 
  we play em all !, 
  and we may not always be the best in every single one , but we do pretty well , 
  yes , you always win when up against the brits . 
  except the many many many times you do n't win :p, 
  largely overlooked ? 
  everytime i watch or read anything about it the polish contribution is mentioned . 
  it 's definatly not overlooked . 
  my parents bought our family home in london in the late 1980s for 250k , it 's now worth 1.3 million and it continues to rise rapidly . 
  there is little information on anything official in this regard . 
  most people seem to suggest barriers remain on the service single market because countries like germany and france are worried they would loose out on lots of economic activity to the uk . 
  although the full unification of the eu market is inevitable , it 's just a question of when . 
  from a british perspective , the royal family brings a bucket load of money into the uk . 
  they own lots of land which they allow the government to use and benefit from ( even if you strip them of their royal title , you would n't be able to just strip them of all their assets ) . 
  they also bring in a huge amount of money through tourism . 
  people also like them because they bind the uk together with a number of other countries around the world ( canada , australia , new zealand etc ) . 
  people are very fond of the queen particulary because she 's been going for so long , she even served in ww2 . 
  and yeah france overthrew their monarchy a long time ago , but it did n't exactly have positive results . 
  the croatian president is an absolute babe, 
  that 's not a bad thing though . 
  we just have a service based economy ( thank thatcher for this ) . 
  when the eu becomes a single service market place we will benefit hugely ( provided we vote to stay in the eu ) .
