  * while yeah there is a sure leaning away from russia , there are still groups in every country who would still side with russia * but all those countries are relatively poor and uninfluential . 
  and just because there are groups in those countries that are pro-moscow does n't mean the country by and large is pro-moscow . 
  * why is australia so high ? 
  * ` that australia takes its global soft power standing seriously is without question . 
  a strong finish at sixth in the overall rankings reflects the nation 's domestic stability , areas of natural beauty , easygoing citizens , and an overwhelmingly pleasant climate . 
  australia 's traditional moniker of ` the lucky country ' remains an apt description . 
  these intangible assets compliment australia 's desire to take a more prominent role in international affairs . 
  australia 's own efforts to bolster its soft power were codified in a 600-page manual , handed down to australian diplomats ahead of the brisbane g20 summit in 2014 . 
  known colloquially as koala diplomacy , many international observers were surprised to see australia 's strategy involving a cuddly marsupial also comes with claws . 
  sponsorship of a unanimous un security council resolution on the mh17 disaster , withdrawal of australia 's ambassador to indonesia over the execution of australian citizens for drug smuggling and being an active participant in global action against isis all point to a country willing to aggressively respond when it is required . 
  indeed , at the g20 summit australia 's prime minister , tony abbott , responded to evidence the russia may have been complicit in downing the mh17 airliner by threatening an australian football ` shirt-front ' manoeuvre against president putin . 
  for a country with a small population of 26 million , australia 's koala diplomacy still continues to punch well above its weight . ', 
  and ` long considered the only ` western ' nation in asia , australia 's key relationships with its near neighbours indonesia , singapore and malaysia and it 's largest trading partner , china , offers australia advantages and access to markets that many do not have . 
  equally , increasing tensions in the south china sea and a us pivot towards asia will see australia 's regional diplomatic initiatives gain greater prominence and support . ', 
  * and no russia at all ? 
  * it 's fairly common knowledge russia have little to no soft power influence . 
  hard power yes , but only due to it 's military , it 's economy is very weak . 
  * the former soviet countries would beg to differ * most of the former soviet countries are now in the eu and all of them want to be more western . 
  they are all clearly trying to seperate themselves from russia . 
  the us is strong in many areas but then lets itself down in other areas . 
  ` until government gets involved , the us is top of the soft power 30 table . 
  but gridlock in washington , striking homicides rates , the death penalty and inequality are all black marks on an otherwise sparkling soft power performance . 
  the us is also brought down on polling - particularly on international trust of america 's foreign policy intentions . ', 
  germany does n't have these problems . 
  in fact you guys are on the opposite end of the scale in many of these e.g. 
  ` moreover , there is a strong feeling that germany will ` do the right thing in international affairs ' according to our international polling . 
  on the cultural side , the transformation of berlin from divided capital to global hub of culture and creativity has been remarkable ' and ` german culture still has global appeal - helped significantly by sport . 
  as europe 's indispensable actor , germany 's steady hand and agreeable approach to its conduct at home and abroad generates tremendous stores of soft power . ', 
  * as for diplomatic and cultural influence ; you 're overestimating the uk 's contribution * have you not seen the other thread link ? 
  [ uk ranks number 1 in the world for soft power ] ( http://softpower30.portland-communications.com/ranking ) . 
  * if we choose this path , we will become way more relevant than we are now . 
  * but so far every action towards full political intergration has proven to be a diaster and has made the eu less relevant as the eurozone economies have struggled . 
  why would this suddenly change ? 
  china has next to no soft power . 
  the link explains it well . 
  * the economic power that china derives from its large population gives the people 's republic business and political leverage it would not enjoy if it were a mid-sized nation . 
  foreign companies are willing to make concessions on intellectual property rights and knowledge transfers to gain access to the chinese market , while foreign governments temper their responses to chinese territorial aggression or state-sponsored computer hacking to avoid destabilising their relationships with the economic superpower . 
  * * china 's economy is gradually transitioning from public ownership to private ownership , and its political system from comrade to citizen . 
  but there have been growing pains for both china 's business leaders and the communist party . 
  china 's stock market has been on a rollercoaster ride in 2015 , leading to speculation that a bubble is about to burst . 
  china has a wealth of soft power assets when it comes to culture , history , cuisine , as well as sparks of innovation . 
  but the lack of democracy , free press , and access to information many people around the world take for granted weighs heavily on perceptions of china . 
  public polling results show a lack of trust in china to \u00d4do the right thing in global affairs . 
  china is without a doubt racing towards super-power status , but it has some catching up to do on the softer side . 
  * remember , this list is about soft power only . 
  not hard power or power overall . 
  solid showing from europe, 
  it would also lose a huge amount of it 's hard military power and it 's diplomatic and cultural influence . 
  not to mention taking a significant economic hit . 
  to deny this it to deny reality . 
  * the idea that brexit is ` game over ' for eu is humorous * i think he was more talking in terms of geo-political relevance . 
  obviously the eu will still continue regardless . 
  but it just wo n't be * that * important anymore . 
  brits trend towards one and americans the other . 
  but all native language speakers will know what you 're referring to if you use either . 
  they did ? 
  i read they dropped seats and they no longer have a majority ? 
  * are more british politicians this retarded ? 
  * just the labour ones xd, 
  i doubt it , scotland 's pro independence party have just lost their majority and the staunchly pro-uk conservatives have just moved into second place . 
  the possibility of scotland leaving the uk has past . 
  * strangely enough the defenders of british english in the uk complain how much influence us-english has over their language . 
  * they do ? 
  i always get confused by this , people who speak english as a second language seem to think uk english and us english are completely different things , they are not . 
  no one here complains about ` the influence of us english ' because people just view it as english . 
  they are the exact same language with some very minor spelling variations e.g. 
  humour and humor or globalisation and globalization . 
  there is only a handful of words that have the odd letter missing or swap the s for z. 
  generally speaking all spellings are accepted in both countries . 
  and you believe that ? 
  she 's all for equality , except when it comes to her paying taxes . 
  do italians not drink tea ? 
  * shows just how little you know about this area * oh the irony, 
  no , just stating the facts, 
  good thing we have an absurdly strong service sector otherwise we would be in trouble . 
  why is the eu alergic to the free market ? 
  a very low population paired with a very low corporation tax resulting in many international companies setting up their hqs in ireland and logging parts of their economic activity under ireland 's gdp in order to hold on to more money as profit, 
  people mention sovereignty as much as immigration in regards to brexit . 
  i would count corbyn supporters as hard left . 
  of which there are many on this sub . 
  thatcher gets stronger reactions from these people because she had to make incredibly difficult decisions in order to bring this country forward . 
  not a bad idea . 
  give it a rest lol , estonians are much poorer than italians . 
  she does get a lot of love . 
  by many academic evaluations ( from both left and right ) she ranks in the top 3 british prime ministers in history . 
  it 's only the hard left that hate her . 
  then thankfuly thatcher came along . 
  i 'm sure nearly everyone on this sub hates her , but she completly modernised the uk 's economy . 
  we are still feeling the benefits of this today . 
  relocate brussels to london , replace junker with boris johnson , make the queen the official european head of state , make the european anthem rule britannia and give the british parliament complete free reign over the continent . 
  for it is only when us brits are at the helm will the eu project realise its true greatness . 
  poor portugal xd, 
  where does it say there the man invented the computer ? 
  [ see link ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/?gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=0xguv_obeymi8qfvhl7iaw#q=who+invented+computers ), 
  germany trying to claim the computer xd we all know it 's a british invention, 
  i find england/uk tend to come off pretty well in these, 
  at least you 're not the welsh in this map xd, 
  yes , a thoroughly nice chap with questionable links to extremists ... 
  our housing crisis is worse because many people in the uk/europe are trying to live here due to the economic success of the city , this paired with the city 's stringent planning regulations and lack of space results in a chronic housing shortage . 
  if you are pinning your hopes on the housing crisis being fixed by any of the candidates you will be severely disappointed .
