  they have no right to force migrant quotas on unwilling member states . 
  i think you missed the key point here mate . 
  germany ( your country ) invited all these people here . 
  sure some refuges would of come regardless , but in numbers the eu would of been able to handle . 
  germany decided to invite the whole muslim third world to the continent . 
  this was such a huge mistake ( which many countries warned you against ) , germany 's answer to this was to force other countries to take in more refuges . 
  but europe would not let that fly . 
  you made your bed , now you have to lay in it . 
  the key difference here is the english language is the lingua franca . 
  for a native english speaker it 's just not really worth the effort to learn another language considering how little they would actually use it . 
  boom the uk doing well as always, 
  been a big thing in london for years now , i ca n't speak for the rest of the uk though . 
  hate to break it to you , but for a native english speaker being multilingual is simply not important . 
  it 's because all demographic and economic trends point to britain becoming more and more powerful as time goes on whereas the rest of europe is set to become less powerful . 
  us british do n't want ourselves to be dragged down by the likes of portugal , greece , the future france/germany etc. 
  do n't take it personally . 
  we are just well aware of our position of increasing power and are looking to exploit the situation for our own gain , 
  russia would n't dare nuke britain, 
  ireland should pick up the pound and rejoin the uk . 
  nice to see spain are predicted decent growth over the next few years . 
  been far too long since i saw positive economic news come out of southern europe . 
  it 's because the uk has a competant government that champions employment , wealth creation and job creation . 
  also the uk has been going through austerity for a while now , meaning the country is living within it 's means and not allowing public spending to get out of control , the economy is starting to reap the benefits of this . 
  80 % of the uk gdp from the london banking sector ? 
  do you have a source or is that complete nonsense ? 
  i suspect the latter . 
  banking is a prominent part of our gdp . 
  the service industries as a whole are a prominent part of our gdp . 
  whilst it may not be perfect the uk economy is doing very well at the moment , especially in comparison to other comparable european countries like france , spain , germany etc. 
  to deny this is to deny reality . 
  * what are they doing wrong ? 
  * [ just gon na leave this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-35162523 ) and [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/30/russian-airstrikes-kill-2300-syria-human-rights-group ) here . 
  or let me guess , these are both propoganda ? 
  that 's the only thing russians say whenever putin or their country is criticised by anyone ` hurr durr it 's western propaganda hurr durr ' . 
  ever considered maybe russia and putin are in the wrong ? 
  yep , i would imagine that 's how it will go . 
  i do n't really think this is drawn out though . 
  from a uk perspective it is a pretty big issue and everything with regard to the referendum seems to be moving along quite quickly . 
  oopps , i guess i must be rich, 
  speak for yourself , mines 5 bedroom, 
  they do ? 
  - europe will be completly unified in the eu . 
  where there is a single army , single elected president , single foreign policy etc. 
  although some countries continue to have a degree of autonomy over certain domestic issues , others are completly governed from brussels . 
  - the main political and governmental language will be english . 
  whereas regional languages are still in use across the continent , only the most impoverished and working class people do n't know english fluently . 
  - less white . 
  i 'm not sure what the statistic is now , but i think by that point only around 60 % will be white . 
  whilst christianity continues to die , atheism is the dominant force . 
  - the eu is one of the competing superpowers on a global scale , along with china and india . 
  ( eu 's standing is aided by the large scale immigration , which gives the continent strong population growth ) . 
  - the uk forms the strongest and largest individual voting block . 
  - turkey still wo n't be a member . 
  not really holding a gun . 
  it 's more democracy in action . 
  believe what you want . 
  for the record i want the uk to stay . 
  but acting like a uk exit wo n't have a huge effect on the eu is shortsighted and foolish . 
  i was talking more in terms of impact on the entire eu , rather than just the balkans lol . 
  not right now , but the uk is the strongest eu nation . 
  without us there is no chance the eu will ever be able to stand up to the russians . 
  the uk leaving would leave huge holes in the eu 's finances . 
  not to mention severely limit the eu 's military strength and global power projection . 
  you guys would be sitting ducks for the russians . 
  i would go to australia . 
  because the english language is the best language . 
  let 's be real here , neither turkey or norway are anywhere near as powerful as the uk . 
  both military and economically speaking . 
  talking military terms the uk is on the same level as france , both of which are miles ahead of germany . 
  on economic terms the uk is behind germany but ahead of france . 
  v. 2 added feature : - npcs have new , irritating accents - have reverted back to tribal racism glitch 2692b : - guns instead of healthcare, 
  yeah man , do n't listen to these guys . 
  enjoy it whilst it lasts . 
  those damn chinese are snipping at your heels . 
  if you 've lived in both surely you have experienced the similarities first hand ? 
  that 's all overblown . 
  when boys go to university they more often than not study academic stem subjects . 
  when girls go they study communications , primary education , nursing , midwifery etc. 
  culturally the uk and us are similar ( i 'm from uk but have spent time in the us ) . 
  the us is a former colony after all . 
  it 's language , architecture , laws/legal systems are all british . 
  same goes for canada , australia and new zealand . 
  the similarities feel by far the most pronounced to me in the north east of the country . 
  there was times i was there i forgot i was in another country . 
  considering all of this it 's not suprising someone from , let 's say portugal , views the two as alike . 
  the uk is not in economic crisis lol . 
  london , bristol , bath , oxford are all very desirable locations . 
  do you have much money behind you at the moment ? 
  all these tend to be quite expensive ( especially london ) . 
  * edit * brighton is another good one . 
  it 's a very interesting city on the south coast . 
  come to the uk man . 
  you speak the language , british culture is second to none , if you live in or around london you feel like you 're at the centre of the world , the job opportunities are one of the best in europe , our economy is going well , we have high salaries , we have low taxes for europe ( meaning more money in your pocket ) and there is already plenty of immigrants from eastern europe here and they are well received . 
  main downside is the weather . 
  although it 's not as bad as people like to make out on the internet . 
  the south east/london area tends to get the best out of the whole country as well . 
  * yawn * we all know scotland will never actually leave . 
  turkey and norway military powerhouses ? 
  what crack are you smoking ? 
  she also modernised the country 's economy ( it 's why we are doing well now ) .
