  i 'm confused what you find suspicous about this ? 
  this is all political postering . 
  scotland voted to stay and there will not be a second referendum . 
  especially not now the oil reserves are dwindling and the price of oil is in free fall . 
  there is questions about ireland leaving the eu if the uk do , it would n't make any sense for scotland to join lol . 
  why ? 
  the welsh are quite euroskeptic by and large . 
  ukip got a decent amount of votes there . 
  * ` you ca n't just leave the eu and keep all the benefits ' * yes we can , we are britannia, 
  also the telegraph does have some variety on the eu issue . 
  [ here is an example ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/expat/12151896/expats-are-being-frozen-out-on-europe.html ) . 
  no , if he wanted votes he would of backed the remain campaign as that is the more popular option at this point in time . 
  it 's probably what he believes is best for our country . 
  not really , cameron gave his party a free vote on this, 
  i do n't disagree . 
  but the telegraph is not as extreme/sensationalized as the guardian . 
  disagree , whilst the telegraph is a culprit , it is not as extreme as the guardian . 
  i got ta agree with you there . 
  although i do n't think it would disband that quickly . 
  it would probably take a few weeks to disband the project and shut everything down . 
  because right now the uk and germany are the big two . 
  the uk acts as the counter balance to germany . 
  without the uk i just ca n't see any other country standing up to germany ( they are all too weak ) . 
  therefore the eu would just be germany and lots of other smaller weaker ones . 
  i ca n't see the union going forward into the future if that 's the case . 
  have fun starving without our money financing you portugal , 
  but out of all the worst offenders the guardian is the website that gets cited the most often . 
  you very rarely see people linking the daily mail on this sub . 
  nope , the whole family should get steak . 
  but the breadwinner should get the extra large steak . 
  i am completly against an eu army . 
  the only armies of note in europe are the uk and france . 
  if all other countries started heavily investing in their militaries then we will talk . 
  but until then , absolutely not . 
  let 's be honest though , not all member states are created equal . 
  the north of europe brings much more to the table than the south so the north should get certain privileges . 
  [ godwin 's law in full effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law ), 
  oh no not centralisation !, 
  grab your rifle and head down to the bunker !, 
  all you need is one ballsy outspoken politician to talk about it openly and confidently , then soon enough everyone else will follow suit . 
  we had nigel farage , i 'm sure your very own will come along shortly . 
  lol right you are , i was in aberdeen the other month when all the floods were happening . 
  yeah , i was only joking . 
  i 'm northern european by birth and i quite like the uk climate . 
  the weather, 
  could be the former empire connection, 
  when you say they do n't learn spanish , are you referring to the brits who live there permanently or the tourists ? 
  you 're just angry because the uk is a much more important part of the eu than your insignificant country and we do n't even like the eu xd, 
  germany invited them here , let them take in the bulk of them . 
  it 's because all the polish are moving to the uk, 
  really ? 
  you do n't think there is room for any difference of opinion within a union of 28 countries ? 
  yes , only 7 % of the uk is urbanized . 
  as of right now if we were to slot in an extra 20 million they would not fit . 
  but cities are not stagnant , they will grow over time . 
  ireland is part of the british isles . 
  the term is geographical and has it 's origins in the first century when the romans named the collection of islands the britannias . 
  kick and scream all you want , it 's not going to change facts . 
  futurology is famously inaccurate . 
  if i were you i would follow the situation in japan very closely . 
  you are likely to share the same problems as time goes on . 
  only 7 % of the uk is currently urbanized . 
  i do n't think you need to worry . 
  we do not have unlimited migration from africa , pakistan , india , bangladesh etc. 
  but it also means your economy will do worse , money and investment will flood out of germany in the long term , people will have to work longer and harder to support the aging population , when the current generation ( you ) get 's older there will be even less people working to suport you which means less generous state hand outs and facilities in your twlight years , and of course it will result in a drastic reduction of german influence . 
  i for one am very happy the uk is set to growth healthily across my lifetime , 
  germany and the uk are set to effectively swap population sizes over the course of our lifetime . 
  you have to go all the way back to the medieval ages to find a war where you one upped the brits ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  we have always been more innovative and cunning than you frenchies  ruuullleeee briitaaniiaaaa, 
  artisan coffee shops are more of a cosmopolitan thing . 
  you do n't get many in newcastle . 
  nope , if it was a war declaration , you 'd have already surrendered , 
  yes i understand native english speakers are privileged in this respect but that in of itself should n't stop the eu from implementing english as the governmental and political language . 
  if german was the lingua franca and it was the main unifying language across the continent , a language which all the top level politicians spoke fluently , and the eu could save a sizeable amount of time and money if they implemented it as the standard then yes i would be all for it . 
  there comes a time when people need to swallow their pride . 
  the amount of money and time that is wasted on translators/translating is absurd . 
  especially when there is a language which practically all educated politicians speak fluently . 
  the eu needs to be streamlined in many different areas and this is one of them . 
  as of now there is far too much bureaucracy . 
  french people are smelly cowards . 
  nowhere in this left wing article from 4 years ago does it say your background and natural intelligence is a cast iron guarentee on your future earnings . 
  what statistics exactly ? 
  not contradicting myself at all . 
  my point is anyone can make good money in any industry , no matter their start in life or intelligence . 
  moving jobs within an industry may require other skills and traits ( although there is quite often some degree of overlap ) but there are very few jobs where intelligence is the be all and end all . 
  obviously being clever makes the working world easier for an individual , but it does not matter to the degree your suggesting . 
  from my own experience i know you do n't need to be bright to earn good money . 
  i have worked for/with people who are not particularly clever but they have worked in the industry and/or for the same company for a long period of time and because of this seniority they were doing very well for themselves ( # 100k + ) . 
  dedication trumps intelligence every time . 
  yes purely . 
  take away the soviet death count and the overall allied death count drops to over 2 million less than the axis one . 
  i do n't know the pay for bricklayers in germany , but here they can earn # 30,000 + . 
  i am also not claiming every brick layer will be a multi millionaire . 
  but bricklaying in of itself is not an industry , construction is the industry . 
  they can move into other areas which are more financially rewarding . 
  not every job pays well , but there is potential in every industry to make great money , ultimately it is their choice what job they do . 
  but my main point is even if they are from a poor background and are not particularly bright they can make good money in the construction industry if they really want to . 
  i am still relatively young , i have been in the workforce for 6 years now ( with some time inbetween jobs ) . 
  you sound as though you are not where you want to be in life ?
