  germany and the uk are set to effectively swap population sizes over the course of our lifetime . 
  to put it bluntly german 's demographics are terrible and the uk 's is rather healthy . 
  i 'm basing it on the fact the british had the largest and most powerful/influential empire at the time ( and indeed in history ) . 
  which is why britain was the superpower and france was not . 
  i do understand the difference . 
  i do n't think you understand the effect the largest empire in history has had on the lingustic make up of the world today . 
  it was the british empire that established it as the global language of trade and commerce through their trading empire . 
  yes those are spoken languages as well . 
  but not to the extent of english , even without the us . 
  * ` my whole point is if not for american dominance over world affairs over the last century english would not be doing any better than french . 
  ' * this is just completly false . 
  french is only spoken in france and a few african countries . 
  even without the us english is spoken in the uk , ireland , canada , australia , new zealand , large parts of india , south africa , large parts of africa . 
  naitionalism has nothing to do with it . 
  but this is an area of interest of mine . 
  i have read a number of books around this subject , but i can clearly see you have not and your american nationalism is clouding your judgement . 
  i do n't blame you , in your country you guys are not really taught anything outside of us history which makes you quite narrow minded about world affairs . 
  no , this argument stems from the fact you can not admit english 's prominence today is not * just * down to the us . 
  my argument is if the us was the only country that speaks english , it simply would n't be the lingua franca . 
  and when analysing english 's position in the world today you need to look at back at history and see where the language came from and how it was spread . 
  you seem incable of doing this and can only parrot out ` hurr durr us made it language durr durr no nothing else matters durr durr history does n't exist . ', 
  the french were undoubtly less successful than the british when it came to colonialism . 
  not to say the french were not successful , but not to the extent of the british . 
  i would disagree on the last statement . 
  as an example spanish is still an influential and useful language with millions of learners across the world , this is because there are a netowork of countries that speak spanish . 
  these include mexico , columbia , spain , argentina , peru etc. 
  even without the us . 
  english would still be spoken in the uk , ireland , canada , australia , new zealand ( all very rich countries ) , large parts of india ( second largest country population wise ) , large parts of africa and more . 
  are you honestly trying to suggest people would have zero incentive to learn the language with all these countries speaking it ? 
  heck even german has millions of learners around the world and the only countries that speak it are germany , austria and a couple of micro states in central europe . 
  the uk lost it 's empire in the 20th century yes . 
  but it did n't just drop out of existence . 
  it is still the 5th largest economy in the world , set to grow to the 4th largest over the coming years ( if you are to believe economic and demographic trends that is ) . 
  i find your position rather bizare . 
  the last two super powers have been english speaking countries , the former of which had a global empire where they forced the language on large parts of the world , and you are trying to argue this former empire has had no effect on the language 's position in the world ? 
  it 's because the french empire was no where near as successful or influential as the british empire . 
  all they really had were a few countries in africa , whereas britain had the us , canada , australia , new zealand , large parts of africa , large parts of india and more . 
  yes , as i mentioned the us played a part . 
  but as i already said china will undoubtley take the us 's position as the superpower over the course of our liftetime , but people are not scrambling to learn chinese . 
  as chinese is only spoken within the country 's borders . 
  whereas english has a network of influential countries speaking it . 
  pinning it just on the us is far to simplistic and devoid of any historical knowledge . 
  you just have to look at the world we live in . 
  it is british political systems that are used all around the world . 
  it is british legal systems that are used all around the world . 
  it is british sports ( football , rugby and cricket ) that are played all around the world . 
  it is the british invented consumer capitalism that is the dominant economic ideology all around the world . 
  it also happens to be a british language that is this lingua franca . 
  this is all a hangover from the largest and most influential empire in history that only collapsed in rather recent history . 
  to deny the effects of this empire on the world we live in today demonstrates a severe lack of self awareness and knowledge . 
  [ please do n't act like it has nothing to do with this ] ( http://www.fm-base.co.uk/forum/attachments/football-manager-2014-challenge-mode-scenarios/566918d1398645812-empire-championship-applications-updates-*w-i-p*-british-empire.jpg ) . 
  the brits forced their language on everyone they encountered . 
  stamping out cultures , languages and people while they were at it . 
  it was brutal but effective . 
  although the us 's cultural prominence certainly helped to solidify english 's position as the dominant language . 
  if the us was the only country that spoke english it simply would n't be the lingua franca . 
  the chinese have about as much economic prominence as the americans nowadays and you do n't see people all over the world flocking to learn mandarin . 
  english 's strength is the network of rich and influential countries that speak it , which all have their routes in the british empire . 
  smelly french, 
  i would disagree with that . 
  on economic and demographic trends britain is set to grow in prominence over the course of our lifetimes . 
  the uk is set to surpass germany 's economy in 10-15 years . 
  i feel like this is a passage from mien kampf . 
  once an industry is no longer profitable it should not be propped up by tax payer money . 
  welcome to globalisation . 
  i for one am glad it 's gone . 
  now hopefully governments will focus on creating proper competitive jobs for wales and the north . 
  a bunch of fat yanks that ca n't speak properly ? 
  somehow i doubt that lol . 
  the remain campaign 's tactic so far is to scare people into voting remain . 
  they need to put forward the idea of a positive european future in order to win the ideological argument as well as the economic one . 
  i am voting remain , but right now i have to say the leave campaign appears to be winning the ideological argument . 
  i 'm glad about this . 
  the usa is a rather dangerous country on the whole and we ca n't have it 's citizens walking into the eu willy nilly, 
  i live an an area with the one of the highest concentrations of poles in the uk and i have never seen nor heard of polish people living in caravans . 
  [ chavs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6g2g2aebs80 ) . 
  yes , all those french millionaires can come to the uk . 
  hello gdp boost , 
  as a brit i am very shocked and proud reading this conversation thread . 
  usually this sub is filled with people slating the uk !, 
  we like you too eastern europe !, 
  not trust me , brits do like eastern europeans quite a lot . 
  they are viewed as one of the most beneficial immigrant groups within the uk . 
  they literally just voted against it, 
  ca n't imagine so . 
  germany is past the point of no return on this issue . 
  if something like that were to happen they would try and keep it under wraps/act like it had nothing to do with islam/call anyone who questions unregulated third world muslim immigration a nazi . 
  poor map , germany are not that well off . 
  i 'm asking what relevance your comment had . 
  what ? 
  france needs to man up and embrace globalisation . 
  look , this argument is pointless . 
  you 're clearly emotionally invested in trying to make nazi germany seem as strong as possible in order to soften the cold hard reality that nazi germany was simply too weak to attain it 's objectives . 
  ( although why you are so heavily invested in the reputation of nazism is a different matter entirely ) . 
  the world of academia is behind me . 
  but if you want to continue in this delusion than so be it . 
  facts clearly wo n't stop you . 
  * ` however this does not mean that it would have been impossible to invade the uk in 1941 had n't the nazis attacked the soviet union ' * you see this is where you are going wrong . 
  it means it * was * impossible for a nazi invasion of the uk to ever take place . 
  for hitler to invade the uk he * needed * air control of the english channel , in order to gain naval control ( which was another area britain was particularly strong in ) in order to transport troops/tanks across the channel .
