  i keep re-stating the same facts , as you seem to be incapable of understanding them . 
  i have quoted you many quotes and linked you links . 
  if you want to read further on this subject i suggest you do the research yourselc dumb dumb . 
  it barely surpasses mexico , but it 's wealth and influence hugely surpasses mexico lol . 
  yes , it would take a knock without the us . 
  no one is denying that here . 
  the main thing i dispure is your continuing to assert english 's position as the dominant language is due to the us , it is n't . 
  it 's much more complex then that and it 's mostly to do with the british empire and it 's cultural hangover . 
  we also see this with the sports the world chooses to play and the legal and political systems it uses . 
  fairly simple to grasb once you think about it chuck . 
  i did n't insult him . 
  because english was spread to many more countries and many more people and those countries built by the british grew to be prosperous . 
  meaning there is now a network of rich influential countries that speak the language , on top of many highly populous poor countries . 
  i am definatly repeating myself here , i think you may have been dropped on your head as a child . 
  i am just trying to educate you as you have spent a long time ardently denying facts and overstating the us 's importance in the geopolitics of 21st century lingusitics . 
  have you now admitted that you have been indeed wrong this whole time ? 
  and i am right ? 
  i hope for your sake you do, 
  freedom of thought and freedom of speech ushered in the age of enlightment . 
  which in turn ushered in the scientific revolution . 
  which in turn ushered in the industrial revolution . 
  i would say it 's very much a european value . 
  no , the network of countries that speak english makes it the default language . 
  they all have their base in the british empire , a global empire that forced the english language on 1/4 of the world 's population . 
  have we not already been through this dumb dumb ? 
  i thought the stupid american thing was just a stereotype , but that 's not the case for you champ . 
  if they all leave we get to keep their women , and they have to take ours . 
  i 'm sure a fair few may end up voting tory as they get a bit older and hold down full time jobs etc, 
  is cameron next ? 
  why would he resign because of the actions of his father ? 
  cameron did n't do anything illegal . 
  lol , someone offended i mentioned the us 's declining power . 
  just face it chump chump . 
  the us are not that relevant anymore and english is the dominant language due to the global british empire that forced the language on a quarter of the world . 
  the world speaks a british language , plays british sports , obeys british laws and operated under legal systems . 
  the us 's influence is a shadow of this lol, 
  all the sources i linked you have . 
  the uk undoubtly did with it 's global empire , the most powerful one in history where it forced english on all it 's population , which at one point was a quarter of the world . 
  do you honestly think it is anything other than this reason alone that made english the dominant language ? 
  if so you may have a mental probelm . 
  i think you need to internalise the fact the us has been rather short lived and not a particulary influential world power . 
  like , all it really did was solidify the position of english as a dominant language . 
  that will literlary be it 's legacy . 
  yes we all know china will blow the us out the water lol , you do n't need to labour that point . 
  * ` no it 's not . 
  people do n't grow up with english being spoken as a first language ' * yes they do dumb dumb , look it up . 
  you have changed your argument multiple times , so much so you now appear to be agreeing with me yet you continue to argue ? 
  as i have stated many times . 
  the us 's cultural influence has certainly polished off the languages position . 
  but it is a leser footnote in history of the english language and how it has come to dominate the world today . 
  * ` if anything the us is more dominant than ever ' * lol . 
  have you been hiding under a rock ? 
  the us 's influence is in free fall . 
  the us may go down in history as the most short lived superpower . 
  china have grown to match american economic prominence in startling fashion . 
  sorry if this offends you but it 's the truth . 
  it is the main language in nigeria , ghana , liberia , sierra leonne and south sudan . 
  as well as being a hugely prominent/official language in the other one i mentioned . 
  no you keep changing your argument . 
  you originally asserted , and i quote * '' the position of english as the dominant language is due to the us . 
  ' * whch is simply not true . 
  i think i have proved this with a large amount of information and links . 
  the prominence of english is due to a number of factors , most noteably the british empire spreading the language all over the world . 
  this is n't the 1960s chuck , america does not dominate world affairs lol . 
  the us economy is nowhere near as prominent as it was then ( as a % of world gdp ) and the us military is seemingly incapable of exerting itself in various places around the world . 
  china are the soon to be superpower , you know this aswell as i do . 
  the uk is not suffering from brian drain . 
  in fact it seems to be benefiting from the brain drain of the rest of europe . 
  indians really think that ? 
  surely you all know hitler deemed your entire country inferior ? 
  how do you mean why is she a councillor ? 
  [ the term ` superpower ' first applied to the british empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/superpower ) . 
  nigeria , ghana , liberia , sierra leonne , south sudan , namibia , zimbabwe , zambia all list english as an official language . 
  i have agreed the whole time the us has certainly helped solidify it 's position , but it is undoubtly mainly down the british empire spreading it around the world . 
  the us has certainly contributed . 
  but the fact is if only they spoke english no one would pay much attention to the language . 
  kind of like how even though china 's economic output is just as big as america 's no one knows chinese . 
  the reason english is the lingua franca is due to the british empire spreading it around the world , this was then polished off by the us cultural influence . 
  [ have a read of this artticle dumb dumb ] ( http://www.translationdirectory.com/article171.htm ) . 
  * ` english has become an international communication tool , in the wake of the economic and scientific expansion of great britain , and later the united states . 
  ' * as you can clearly see the british empire played a critical role in the role of english today . 
  i for one am very glad the days of empire are over , but to deny the effects of european , and in this case the british , empire/s on the world we live in today is to deny reality . 
  * ` initially the spreading of english was colonial . 
  throughout the world , from the united states to australia , from south africa to canada , but also from nigeria to india , two enormous , densely populated countries , where it enjoys the status of official language , english was brought by british settlers and their descendants , through england 's conquests . 
  incorrect . 
  superpower was first applied to the british empire . 
  britain solidified itself as the superpower in the [ pax britannica era ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_britannica ) . 
  large parts of africa speak it as a first language as well . 
  sorry bud but it is the truth , the us education is very good on the whole , but when it comes to any sort of knowledge outside of the us it lags serverly behind other developed countries education systems . 
  no , you have now changed your argument lol . 
  in your original comment you said * ` but the position of english as the dominant language is due to the us . 
  ' * this is false and i refuted this by saying if the us was the only country in the world that spoke english it simply would n't be the dominant language . 
  whilst the us has certainly contributed to it 's position , the key reason is the british empire ( at a time it was the unquestionable hypoerpower ) spread the language around the world by force . 
  to pin english 's position as the dominant language just on the us is arrogant and shows you do n't have a grasp of basic historical knowledge . 
  you also originaly claimed * ` if the us did n't exist today english would be spoken only in former english colonies . 
  countries like germany , russia , france , spain , the netherlands , belgium , italy , brazil , china etc. 
  would have zero incentive to learn it ' * but now you say it would most likely be the biggest european language , which would imply people around the world would have an incentive to learn it . 
  you seemingly change your argument with the wind lol . 
  many . 
  germany 's population , and in turn it 's economy , are set to drop in size quite rapidly over the coure of our lifetime .
