  although i do n't know the situation in france so i do n't know if your government offers loans etc. 
  but in britain it is very possible . 
  i do n't know what it 's like in france , but from the sounds of it the situation is quite dire . 
  in the uk everyone always has the opportunity to change careers if they want , sure it will be difficullt , but it is possible . 
  sorry if this came across as insensitive , i did n't realize how bad france be . 
  i usually consider france to be of near equal status to the uk , but i guess they have dropped off significantly in recent years . 
  i suppose my initial comment about france 's economy being in terrible shape holds true . 
  i feel sorry for anyone who works to live . 
  it implies you have n't found enjoyment or fulfillment in what you do , making your working life a struggle . 
  if that 's how you feel you should change careers , you 're supposed to enjoy work . 
  economy is less important until the shape of the economy begins to effect well being . 
  long term forecasts yes the german economy is in terrible shape . 
  how typical , this is why france 's economy is in terrible shape xd, 
  the battle of britain was the first stage of operation sea lion . 
  the nazi planned to invade britain . 
  but they first needed air support , in order to gain control of the english channel , in order to successfully transport troops across and invade britain . 
  but they could n't do any of that as they failed at the first hurdle . 
  only after they failed this did they turn their attention towards russia . 
  although the pacific theatre was important , europe was more than half of ww2 . 
  * had he focused entirely on britain * he did focus entirely on britain and failed . 
  only then did he turn his attention to russia . 
  it 's amazing how the author of this article has a phd from cambridge but still manages to write this drivel . 
  guess it goes to show academics does not equal intelligence . 
  junker is * that * well known in the czech republic !, 
  uk : 1 ) obama , putin , merkel 2 ) xi jinping , hollande 3 ) trudeau , shinzo abe , malcolm turnball , renzi , junker , narendra modi, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  ttip needs to happen , if you actually read the proposed rules it 's a terrific deal for both sides . 
  * cause before that britain was of little importance * the exact same applies to france, 
  everything is a tool of anglo-saxon imperialism to you french xd, 
  right , but you just talking off topic is n't very convincing . 
  if it 's such a cast iron fact that the current government can ignore the referendum result if they choose to you should be able to provide a link . 
  but i suspect you 're talking nosense . 
  right , that is all very interesting but no where in that link does it say the uk government can ignore the referendum result . 
  interesting , where is the source ? 
  southern france , as the only language i have any knowledge of beside english is french . 
  also the weather seems pretty good down there , sunny but not too hot . 
  and it 's not too far from the alps for skiing . 
  you got a source for this ? 
  russian is n't a particularly useful language tbh, 
  no we wo n't . 
  this is britain not a third world country . 
  the government listens to the people . 
  the yale and harvard graduate former us president ? 
  yeah he is obviously smart . 
  stupid people find themselves working as a cashier in the local supermarket , not running the world lol . 
  yes, 
  in the uk they are treated exceptionally well . 
  in education they outperform men ever since they reorganised the national curriculum to suit girls . 
  they also have huge advantages in the working world due to all the gender quotas and pushes to make sure women occupy all the best jobs ( e.g. 
  drive to make women half of all top level busines executives , but no such drive to make sure they are half of all sewage cleaners . ), 
  how would they ignore a leave result in the referendum exactly ? 
  it does n't matter if you disagree with them or not . 
  only very smart people make it to the top of politics . 
  it 's a huge time commitment to learn a language . 
  if you are going to learn them you should try and gain fluency in english , french , german , spanish , italian and/or portugese . 
  they are the most useful ones . 
  i do n't want to be rude , but i think learning the three languages you listed is a waste of time . 
  he 's actually very smart, 
  it shows the stadium security working in tandem with national security to detect and safely detonate a bomb . 
  fine work all round and crisis averted . 
  and who was brought in to sort it out ? 
  our world class security services have saved the day . 
  bravo, 
  football *, 
  germanys was terrible xd, 
  it 's probably against the law for the french to sing in english, 
  ireland 's gdp per capita is high because they have a very small population paired with a very low corporation tax . 
  meaning many companies base themselves there and log some of their economic activity as part of ireland 's gdp in order to keep more money . 
  this does n't translate to increased wealth for their citizens , other than for the small amount of people who work for said companies . 
  ** australia should have won ** * my heart beats to the sound of silence *, 
  entertaining and persuasive no doubt . 
  but i think most people can see it 's incredibly partisan and simpilistic . 
  i only know because i 'm a politics nerd xd, 
  yeah , it would n't of been channel 4 because they generally push a left pro-eu agenda anyway . 
  are you denying the euro has been a disaster for economic growth ? 
  remember what happened to the greeks ? 
  and what about schengen lol ? 
  i do n't think anyone can claim this has n't been a disaster in light of what has happened with germany inviting in half the muslim third world . 
  lol you are talking gibberish xd you 're petrified the uk might leave and what it might mean for the eu so you 're trying to play the uk down xd, 
  ohhh , it 's crowdfunded so it would n't be for e4 , itv or bbc . 
  also it 's very partisan so it would n't be bbc anyway . 
  it had a cinema premiere the other week and it has been put straight on the internet . 
  i find the brexit demographic interesting . 
  the movement is spearheaded by right wing intellectual elites , but is predominatly supported by the traditionally left leaning working class . 
  what do you mean where was it originally made for ? 
  yes , totalitarian leaders are often powerful . 
  again , i am not saying russia is not powerful . 
  it has significant hard power in the form of it 's military . 
  but it has no soft power whatsoever , which is what this list is about . 
  i think it is certainly a contender for the top spot and i 'm sure it is number 1 in some other lists . 
  but i can understand why it has been put third . 
  ` until government gets involved , the us is top of the soft power 30 table . 
  gridlock in washington , striking homicides rates , the death penalty and inequality are all black marks on an otherwise sparkling soft power performance . 
  the us is also brought down on polling - particularly on international trust of america 's foreign policy intentions . ', 
  and ` america 's problems stem from a dysfunctional political system that seems in deadlock and unable to reach agreement on long term economic solutions ; high debt loads , unaffordable entitlement problems , and an over-extended military . 
  being seen to spy on allies and friends has certainly not helped global trust of uncle sam . ', 
  * yet they watch their movies and shows , learn their language and are influenced by us culture in some ways * yes , and that 's why the finished third out of 200 odd countries . 
  i 'm sorry but russia is just seen as a large and poor country with an aggresive military and a totalitarian leader . 
  a few bias articles wo n't change it 's global repuation . 
  it 's soft power is no existent .
