  or the purely dutch [ frikandel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frikandel ) . 
  and now i 'm hungry . 
  edit : forgot the edible piece of heaven that is called the [ kaassoufl\u00e9 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaassouffl%c3%a9 ), 
  there was even a short discussion going on about flanders joining the netherlands , not that it 's ever going to happen but it was interesting . 
  [ europe , hell yeah !!, 
  [ like this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnuoukeigoo ), 
  you forgot to add the effect of psychological warfare . 
  especially if you are a guerillia-fighter in a civil war . 
  if a tank showed up i 'd get the fuck out of there . 
  ouch . . 
  i 've also seen them on the dutch-german border , those are just regular checks . 
  the germans are quite strict on those . 
  3am , still asleep in my cabin . 
  yes it is the throwaway thing that is replacing paper-ticket . 
  i can understand either , but come on . 
  the prices of train travel have been rising so much the past 10 years and it 's not only due to inflation . 
  when i was 16-17 and on an mbo education i was glad i had awesome parents paying because the cost of travel was absolutely insane . 
  and if you buy a chip-card you have to have a saldo of at least 20 euros on it or something like that ... 
  all train tickets are now 1 euro more expensive . 
  sorry for the fuck up , fixing it . 
  i was driving at night over the same road , i looked in my rear-view mirror and there he was . . looking directly back at me with red eyes and an evil look . 
   5 cars collided after the first one unexpectedly stopped not to run over a mother duck and her chicks . 
  my driver-instructer promised me a pie for every pidgeon or duck i accidently hit with my car because of this . 
  never happened to me during driving-lessons , i did once killed a rabbit or something that looked like it when he was crossing a highway . 
  poor rabbit :-(, 
  ** the netherlands ** * the worst news of this week ; a 10-year old girl died and four other children got injured after a stone dug-out at a sport-field collapsed on top of them . 
  * a truck driver got killed and a couple of other people injured after a truck hit the wall of a highway tunnel and then caught on fire . 
  [ here is a video of the emergency services dealing with the aftermath , with also some footage of the crashed vehicles . 
  quite an interesting perspective ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiaqqhzg3w8 ) * when a bomb exploded at a restaurant in the city of djibouti , two dutch soldiers got slightly injured . 
  these soldiers are in somalia because of the anti-piracy mission . 
  * an ambulance collided with a tram while en-route to the hospital with a patient . 
  the patient then proceeded to walk to the hospital to get treatment . 
  [ dutch link with pics . 
  ] ( http://www.at5.nl/artikelen/128205/ambulance-en-tram-16-botsen-bij-vu-ziekenhuis ) * a women got killed and six people got injured after a portugese truck-driver rear-ended a traffic jam . 
  on the same day 2 people died after their car caught fire on the highway . 
  * the north-south metroline that is under construction in amsterdam is open for public this weekeind . 
  there are organized tours through the now empty metrotunnels under the heart of amsterdam . 
  * stephan hawking gave a lecture in utrecht . 
  * [ i have a dutch link with a the exit-polls of the eu-elections in this right here . 
  ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/651449-de-definitieve-prognose-in-kaart.html ) * one of the robbers of an office of brink 's got arrested in morocco . 
  in 2011 there was a hollywood like robbery in amsterdam were 12 million euro got stolen . 
  the robbers were very profesional , they laid spikes on the exit of the police station just before the robbery so the police-cars got their tires flattened when they drove out to the robbery . 
  they also choose a stormy day so that the police-helicopter could n't follow them . 
  the guy that got arrested is also a suspect in another case were 37 million euro 's worth of diamonds got stolen from an aircraft on the belgian airport of zaventem . 
  * it has been made public that since 7 july the paper-trainticket will not be available and we will all have to switch to the ov-shitcard making the prices of train-travel , once a-fucking-gain , higher . 
  in other news ; i 'm buying a car . 
  * the only german trenches from wwi in the netherlands are restored . 
  the germans made these trenches because they were afraid the netherlands would choose the allied side instead of remaining neutral . 
  * some asshats thought it was funny to put a concrete block on a railroad and a train collided with it . 
  nobody got injured . 
  if you do n't know what you are talking about , it 's probably best to say nothing . . 
  indeed , back to geenstijl you go . 
   and only have conversations with other brits . 
  that 's not true , i made a lot of good british friends on cyprus !, 
  one even gave me swine-flu . 
  i usually speed up , and slam my back-pedal brake at the last moment so they hear the screeching of my tire skidding over the asphalt . 
  some tourists run off the cyclepath , some are not so fast in their mind and look behind confused . 
  i always pull my , that only barely went right you idiot ! , face when looking them in the eye and they mumble a soft `` sorry '' . 
  i do n't think the cda is dying out because dutch voters are getting less religious , i think that the cda is dying out because of its 1950 's conservatism . 
  fuck no !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t83klrnp1qs ), 
  really ? 
  cda ? 
  seriously ? 
   it 's getting bashed anyway . 
  that 's because it 's bullshit , especially the pvv nonsense . 
  piraten :p i 'm on the d66 side too , but i really want the pirate voice to be heard . 
  i always thought that was belgium 's job ? 
  can ... can we come in ? 
  i just voted . 
  i have to say that it was really quiet , usually there are ques but i could just walk in this time . 
  awww , but we were buddies . 
  we were so close !, 
  and now , sniff , now youre leaving ? 
  how dare you ? 
  now we are stuck in the middle with france and germany . 
  will you still come to visit our country for a drink or 25 ? 
  xxx hardcore voting xxx europe filled with votes xxx waiting in line for some hot voting booty xxx, 
  dear uk , we are talking about the political europe here , not the geographic europe . 
  how about staying in the eu but reforming the system ? 
  yours faithfully , a big ostrich . 
  the pirate party is a new political party . 
  i know that they will be unorganized and unfit for office since they do n't have any experience . 
  at all . 
  but i will vote for them because i think that the issues they bring up to the table are important and must be heard in the parlement . 
  even if it 's only one seat . 
  you should write a sternly worded letter to canada !, 
   number of people who tripped over their own two feet and died i laughed , and at the way irony always keeps striking my life . 
  this will probably will be causing my death . 
  we will save you !, 
  but in return we ask for an unlimited supply of free lego 's . 
  because i can see a river from my bedroom window and the water level is higher than the surrounding ground . . and because i learned it at school , mostly that one . 
  seriously , if god really hated gays so much . 
  he would n't flood serbia but my country . . 
  and here we have polish maids !, 
  houd je bek , jan-klaas !, 
  thnx fixed it . 
   flemish public transport company `` de lijn '' bought 5 hydrogen busses .
