  i just read in the dutch news two people wounded one of which is getting reanimation in the hague . 
  yup . 
  wow we have a lot of dialects . 
  no wonder i cant understand people if i take a train ride longer than an hour . 
  ill upvote you, 
  and then putin makes an offer . 
  heineken is pisswater . 
  that 's because he is british . 
  [ the british mail was also present ] ( http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/6666054/2fadf37b/boze_postbode_bij_tdf.html ), 
  rotterdam centraal too for that matter . 
  amsterdam centraal is all north-southliney, 
  if this will get mandatory that you must write your posts in the language of your country , you are going to need to write some long posts coming from switzerland . 
  are you that french guy that started a riot . 
  wow we have amsterdam flairs now ? 
  lol mountain . 
  this is the netherlands, 
  yup, 
  you know the climate has gone to the shitter when norway is a sun-vacation destination . 
  ah ok , i have n't thought about that . 
  right now i could really use a draft , it is boiling out here . 
  sooo ... what is dangerous about drafts ? 
  i know in the summer vacation time the french roads are fucked properly by us dutchmen . 
  the belgian roads too but that is not unusual . 
  nice graveyard we got here . 
  remember the days ? 
  the neighbours peugeot engulfed in flames . 
  i know , it is going good in the very long term . 
  if we look at the short term problems , like the mediterrean filled with floating corpses and the horrible war in syria and ukraine ... not so much . 
   2015 is without a doubt a sad year ~ ~ for europe . ~ ~, 
  set cars on fire like we are in france, 
  they are loaded on aircraft and dropped over russian school yards, 
  what is this frisia you come from and how do we get rid of it ? 
  thats also how it is sold in the supermarket at least where i live . . my parents make hamburgers like that too . 
  though it is really suspicious you ask everybody their age-range ... even for going to a fast food chain . 
  i suspect you work for some commercial stuff, 
  en = een pronounciation is the same though . 
  i would just drive to the burger king and shove that piece of garbage in my body . 
  i can see my bedroom window in this video . 
  i did n't know those boats that pass my house go all the way to budapest . 
  dam, 
  do they have cruise control , park assist or other useless gadgets ? 
  and volkswagen is just fine ofcourse . 
  lol they live on an island . 
  they be fucked . 
  1936 with internet and nicer cars . 
  [ yes ] ( http://stuffdutchpeoplelike.com/2011/07/02/camping-caravan-vacations/ ), 
  ehm . . they are expanding rotterdam right now . . 
  belgium took parts of the netherlands , it 's called belgium, 
   maybe if you come here more often you have no idea what hell thou has asked upon thyself . 
  yup, 
  my father is an artist . 
  he once said to me that art is whatever provokes anl reaction . 
  i once got an entire tour around a boeing 737-800 as part of a aviation mechanic education i did n't follow up on . 
  they called the wells the `` hell-hole '' because of exactly that , when a tire bursts it is a hell to repair . 
  also when those wheels retract , it is not like they are stopping immediatly . 
  they are just spinning at high speeds in those compartments until nothing but natural friction slows them down . 
  and these compartments arent exactly roomy . 
  do they now also sell buk-missile launchers in portugal ? 
  calm down , there are 17 million of us not 6 . 
  a what ? 
  i once saw one of their aircraft in a polder . 
  never in my life had i seen more emerengcy vehicles in one place . 
  soooo ... we basically only had 2 victories ? 
  i 'd always imagined an amsterdam - the hague - rotterdam - antwerp - brussels - liege - luxembourg - maastrigt - eindhoven - utrecht - amsterdam circular route as a cool idea . 
  we barely have a beneluxtrein which doesnt even go to luxembourg, 
  [ reminds me of this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sscvk-q2jdg ), 
  [ you watch out now !, 
  ] ( http://media.moddb.com/cache/images/groups/1/3/2074/thumb_620x2000/orange_tank.jpg ), 
   one of the supporters that was on the coach , marc aerts , told the breakfast programme of the vrt 's rock station studio brussel that `` we should have arrived there by now , but we 've still got more than two hour 's drive ahead of us . 
  however , the atmosphere on the bus is top notch . '' ah well , you know what we dutch say about our southern neighbours :p, 
  one rainy day and the german army is lying wounded in a ditch !, 
  buy a buk-missile system to solve that problem . 
  `` the only gay in the country '', 
  i am home, 
  do n't bother , he is just pissed that all credit for the netherlands goes to the big cities . 
  which is not surprising actually , considering those are the big cities ... 
  not to mention te truckload of beer you could buy at the supermarket with that money . 
  our weed culture , i enjoy it a lot when i come home from work . 
  i would lower the rent because shit got out if hand . 
  joris is actually a common first name in dutch, 
  ahahaha your talking to a dutch cyclist there . 
  there is no danger . 
  after returning from the flea market with a buk-missile launcher bargain deal . 
  the netherlands is not big and seriously overcrowded . 
  we need to be delicate with each piece if nature we have left . 
  * someone smeared shit all over the piano at amsterdam central station . 
  the a10 is a 100km highway , ecxept west that bit is 80km . 
  i just thought ill be autistic about it . 
  it 's a nice place overall . 
  beautifull forest and kind of hilly which is unusual in the netherlands . 
  this , the life of a russian is as much worth to me as the life of a fellow dutchman . 
  my condolences to the affected families . 
  guilty , but i keep it safe , 
  i think he is talking about brussels midi, 
  i usually listen to sky radio . 
  i try listening to 538 sometimes but then they go : next up , justin bieber ! . . and i change back to sky . 
  can confirm , am from amsterdam . 
  did n't know clogs are still a thing . 
  all the pokemon died and the floor is filled with blood . 
  i actually think of italians as an unorganized bunch but great people to be friends with .
