  [ link ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2023139-korte-wilde-actie-ns-ers-in-hoofddorp.html ) * two dead after their van got hit by a train on a railway crossing in zevenhuizen [ | link ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2022597-twee-doden-bij-ongeval-op-spoorwegovergang.html ) * the a4 highway at badhoevedorp got shutdown because two wwii bombs needed to get dismantled . 
  [ http://nos.nl/artikel/2022447-a4-weer-open-na-ontmanteling-vliegtuigbommen.html] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2022447-a4-weer-open-na-ontmanteling-vliegtuigbommen.html ) and something about our prime-ministre saying something about that it 's better for jihadi 's to die in syria than to come back to the netherlands . 
  i always leap to my goal in one go like some superman on steroids . 
  that 's cuz the jews got america under their control herp derp derp, 
  indeed , ofcourse we have the most cylists deaths . 
  we have the most cyclists ... and the worst thing about romania is the lack of cinemas , that is very clear . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i 've seen a lot of british and dutch police video 's . 
  if all i could say that the dutch police is more relaxed than the british . 
  i once tried purchasing a sixpack of beer when i had a changeover in the train station of frankfurt . 
  nowhere could i find a place were i could use my card . 
  wtf germany . 
  and that is why i dont consider him a citizen of the netherlands . 
  you 're not dutch without a proper `` g '', 
   on a weird note though i did almost get into trouble when i was in a brown bar they were messing with you . 
   belgium  big nation lol, 
   but you were also prone to more thunderstorms which is actually a thing i love about my country , thunderstorms are awesome !, 
  russia taking over my country ? 
  down go the dykes . 
  little tip : i went to gent on vacation by car . 
  i took a one-day trip to bruges were i parked my car at a car-park at the central station , and if you park there the bus-ride to the centre is free ( or so i recall ) gent is actually a nice city as well and very close to bruges . 
  america . 
  that 's gravity . 
  ~ ~ well they do n't have much else ~ ~, 
  kapsalon !, 
  disagree on the hanzelijn since it passes the oostvaardersplassen . 
  [ uuhhh uuuuhmmmm uuuuhm uuuuuuuuhmm . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jul7mlb4kw4 ), 
  i was reading this article and wanted to say the exact same thing . 
  greece is awesome for vacation . 
  yes , i just realize how dutch that sentence really is :p, 
  for alcohol i sometimes have to show my id-card though at the store they know me now so they do n't ask anymore . 
  for weed i can just cycle to the shop , and they know me there as well so i do n't have to show my card anymore . 
  [ i have this older tv-series were they follow a team of cops in amsterdam , it 's in dutch though . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdwxke3gk08 ) there are tons more on youtube . 
  that and i would like for the government to stop focussing solely on the higher forms of education and take a good , long look at how the roc is fucking up a whole generation of mbo'ers right under their nose . 
  there is a 100 % nl radio-channel on the air here somewhere , but i did not dare to tune in to it . 
  i 'm going to both prague and vienna in august and i planned in a day in bratislava which is a nice city and not far away from vienna . 
  maybe you could visit this city . 
  wow , you came back to it !, 
  nice :p, 
   i also heard from almost all my german friends that their dubbing is the best in the world . 
  if that 's the best in the world than that is quite an argument against dubbing . 
  we will show you what real football is next friday ;-), 
  indeed , how does he not recognize the superiority of dutch beer ? 
  not everybody deals with it the same way , from personal experience i actually think the statement is quite right . . without the stealing etc. 
  i can tell you that in amsterdam the weather is exactly the same as in the uk . 
  we just finished 2 days of non-stop rain , luckily there are a lot of sunny moments as well . 
  i would n't cut out berlin if i were you . 
  i 've been there once and i want to go back for a few days it is a city full of recent history and cool architecture . 
  you could always take the ice ( high-speed ) from kopenhagen to berlin , a quick search reveils that prices start at 39 euros . 
  there are probably other connections as well , probably a citynightline too . 
  if you reserve ahead , there is a direct citynightline train from amsterdam to kopenhagen every day . 
  i use this same train on the route amsterdam-prague ( the train gets split ) . 
  the train departs in the evening and arrives the next morning , you can either choose to take regular seats or a sleeping bed . 
  i find that travelling with the citynightline adds an extra day so to speak , since you sleep while travelling . 
  not the best rest , but a bottle of wine will help ;-), 
  you forgot sinterklaas dude , now he is going to take you back to spain . 
   that state is sort of like the texas of germany but without the oil . 
  wow , you hit the nail on the head . 
  nice !, 
  i 'm looking for second hand smartphones on ebay and i notice a lot of cheap smartphones from abroad . 
  i 'm eyeing one from the uk , can i expect any problems with the internet etc. 
  a traffic jam in brussels , nothing out of the ordinary . 
  not the best of neighbours . 
  congratulations , you managed to accomplish something most tourists never seem to be able to do . 
  go with the flow , usually tourists stand out as that bright red/yellow/green obstacle on the cyclingpath . 
  see there is the difference , when it has been snowing and the cyclepath is slippery i still cycle like i 'm on the autobahn . 
  why ? 
  ive been cycling for so long now i have total control over the vehicle . 
  i cant recall a moment when ive fallen off my bike . 
  am dutch . 
  disagree too , 
  i actually like that saying . 
  this beer is duke !, 
  cheapest beer is pitt , 45c for half a litre . 
  pitt is shit . 
  hertog jan is king . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x47nyubtyb0 ), 
  aaaah intercity direct . 
  are people using that train already or is it still an empty failure ? 
  these guys that stopped this attack deserve a private island . 
  it 's not nice to read this ... especially not on an intercity to amsterdam, 
  allochtoons, 
  i guess you are a blast at parties as well ? 
  i was n't driving in a caravan , that would have been terrifying . 
  on the german highway they actually keep right . 
  could you please stop using difficult words so the rest of us can follow ? 
  we also put giant inflatable babies in our front yard . 
  oh no this again ... 
  there was this guy from romania selling street news papers at the mall in my neighbourhood . 
  cool guy had a couple of conversations with him . . his dutch was surprisingly good for someone who wasnt living here for long . 
  i gave him the cellphone number of an employer i knew were looking for people and i didnt see him after that . 
  i hope he got the job, 
  yeah it 's clumsy . 
  yes it was quite a spectacle . 
  [ here is a aftermath video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33cbpbmo8xs ), 
  ** the netherlands ** * two huge cranes carrying a piece of bridge fell over in alphen aan de rijn , demolishing a couple residential buildings and a restaurant . 
  by some kind of miracle there were no human fatalities , though a dog died . 
  [ for those who have n't seen it yet ; a video with nice background music .
