  this sub loves to hate england/russia/america / china/monaco . 
  this sub just loves to hate . 
  that , and you can say you fucked in an ambulance . 
  not many people can say that . 
  [ what erdogan is thinking about your comment . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qhau-r_8jc ), 
  i once went to prague , i noticed that a lot of walls had pigs painted on them doing different stuff . 
  i went to the bathroom in a bar and all the walls were filled with drawings of pigs . 
  i asked why there were so many pigs on the wall , appearantly pigs embody russians . 
  do n't know if thats true or not , but that 's some deep rooted hate right there . 
  this , there is no person here blaming the people that live in greece for this bullshittery that 's been happening the last years . 
  nothing but love ;-), 
  or this one , [ kris de bruyne - amsterdam . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajiusn2pqee ) to be honest . 
  the first time i heard it , i heard it in that cheese commercial :p, 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecky8a3yxfi ) the whole episode reminds me a bit of these beggars actually . 
  thing is , they wo n't use up their entire paycheck to only buy cheese or whatever we export . 
  most of it is a product of another country . 
  buying dutch goods * in * the netherlands makes the economy even better , because of the vat . 
  buying dutch goods might make the corporations stronger , but it means a lot less netto income because nobody pays vat over it that goes to the netherlands . 
  so if someone spends a euro they earned in the netherlands on a dutch good from the netherlands abroad , instead of in the netherlands , that means less income . 
  not to mention the fact that if they buy something that is n't a dutch product there is n't any money going into the dutch economy at all while if they bought that same non-dutch product in the netherlands the dutch economy would benefit from the vat that comes with it . 
   trust me , with the money they send home , people back home buy more western-made goods . 
  and this does n't make the dutch economy any better . 
  less money = less purchasing power . 
  and it 's not like they pay the dutch government the vat over these products . 
   simply enforcing the law like they do n't do that already . . it 's just easier said than done . 
  how something works in real life is really different than how things work in theory . 
   as a result the value of your real estate rises in the netherlands , this is a bad thing . 
  also , these people that come to work here usually work at low-paid jobs and take the money that they earn back home . 
  in the mean time nobody wants to hire an uneducated dutch person for these jobs anymore because of the minimum wage that makes them more expensive . 
  causing even more unemployment and less purchasing power in our already cracking welfare state . 
  i 'm not arguing against taking in eastern european countries into the eu . 
  i see mostly long-term benefits . 
  but it just needs to be done more carefully to minimize the bad short-term effects . 
  so it 's not surprising that a lot of people want to restrict immigration from those countries . 
   what 's more surprising is that far-right political parties are crossing borders and forming `` alliances '' even within the eu parliament . 
  in a sense , they are setting aside their guiding principles in order to work together , to have the freedom to act against each other at a later date ... first of all , i think it is not surprising to team up to fight a `` common enemy '' , and why would they act against each other at a later date ? 
  they want their countries to be more self-centred , they do n't want to invade each others country . 
   well , somehow , somehow , car burning is less of a problem than begging and thieving roma ... 
  these are problems that need to be solved * alongside * each other , it 's not a competition which problem is the worst . 
   that while our roma are there begging and thieving , your banks are here . 
  again two seperate problems , for as far as you can call banks a problem . 
  and if you have a problem with a certain bank , then do n't open an account at that bank . 
  sometimes i hear germans say that , i wish i spoke german because it sounds so cool :p here we say : verdomme nog aan toe . 
  it does n't roll out of your mouth that nicely . 
  those are not cuddly . 
  giraffes are . 
  yeah ... but killing is wrong . 
  now i feel like a hippy . 
   why is russia opposing more influence on ukraine by the european union ? 
  tell me about it , puting is on the rag for a while now . 
  it 's not just ukraine thats having russia on its back , do you know what is happening in georgia ? 
  with the border slowly moving in favor of russia . 
  i can only say what the people of these countries themselves have to say about it . 
  after the collapse of the sovjet union , russia was the only country that lost territory . . and now they want it back . 
  why ? 
  i would n't know . 
  i 'm not so much of a russia-expert . 
  what i do know , is that there are a lot of people in the eu who are n't really waiting for another eastern european country , with a huge debt on top of that , to join the union . 
  sounds hars , but a lot of these people think we should n't oppose russian influence on ukraine . 
  and my next response might take a while , there are french fries with steak waiting for me in the living room , 
  half of ukraine is pro-russian . . 
  if you look from their point of view , why is the european union opposing more influence on ukraine by russia ? 
   we 're horrible people doing horrible things well not all of you , just the ones in suits . 
  and they are just slightly more evil than their european counterparts . . 
  godverdomme !, 
  means , goddamnit !, 
  it rolls out of your mouth so nicely when you 're angry :p, 
  same here , ever heard someone speaking the twents dialect ? 
  you ca n't understand a single thing they are saying !, 
  and when i watch belgian tv . . i do n't really know about the vowels but it seems like belgians put less stress on their throat when speaking . 
  like its a bit higher up or something . 
  then again i 'm not a language expert . . 
  there are a lot of immigrants that returned to turkey that speak the language from the country they came from fluently . 
  i was surprised that when i went to turkey , i met a few locals speaking dutch fluently . 
  flemish people sound like their throat is made out of honey . 
  it sounds so soft , soothing and sexy . 
  but you 'll never take my ggggg !, 
  since when is the nsa european ? 
   years ago prague tried to switch from paper tickets to electronic cards good luck , they tried that here and now the system sucks . 
  i always liked the prague public transportation cards , only thing is that those machines at the tram-stations are very hard to understand if you do n't speak czech . 
  so is shit going down or is it just bluff ? 
  ** the netherlands ** we had quite a boring week . 
  * there is an increase in traffic fines , 10,3 million in 2013 while there were `` only '' 9,6 million fines in 2012 . 
  most of these fines concered speeding violations . 
  a quarter ( ! ), 
  of all the fines were giving because of the `` trajectcontrole '' on highways like the a2 between utrecht and amsterdam . 
  the trajectcontrole is a system of camera 's mounted above the road which measure your average speed from point a to b. . 
  in my opinion , the a2 between utrecht and amsterdam is criminal . 
  10 lanes with a 100km/h speed limit on most parts , some parts 80 and some 130 for like a couple of hundreds metres . 
  it 's just money making . . [ just look at this beautifull highway that is ruined . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztkwfruweiu ) * for the second time meat needs to get taken back from the stores because the company producing the meat could n't show exactly what was in it . 
  and the tests on the cow-meat confirmed that it was mixed with horse-meat . 
  * the judge ruled that municipalities can issue a local `` blowverbod '' , places were it is illegal to smoke weed . 
  [ these places are indicated by this , commonly stolen , signs . 
  ] ( http://www.nrc.nl/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/mbblowverbod2.144-586x370.jpg ) * amsterdam payed 100.000 euros for a new logo . 
  the scandal is , is that the new logo is almost identical to the old one . 
  [ the old logo on top and the new one on the bottom .
