logic checks out . 
  corporation hires corporate environmental lawyers to help with corporate environmental lawsuit . 
   the concept was developed in 1989 by reclus , a group of french geographers ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  i agree . 
  however it does illustrate the political challenge in advocating dialogue . 
  some people will be utterly repulsed that one would suggest talking to groups that are considered terrorists . 
  he has to be more careful with his language as it 's the sort of thing you need to walk on egg shells in order to pull off . 
  unfortunately i do n't it 's part of his modus operandi , what with being a principled and uncompromising straight talker etc. 
  to put it simply he ca n't have is cake and eat it too - this is politics . 
  some people have been jailed , others fined . 
  but the problem is evidential . 
  the law works on evidence , so much that we might be able to say `` i 'm pretty sure they did something dodgy '' that is n't enough to prove that they did and that they did to such a degree as for it to warrant a criminal sanction . 
  some jurisdictions , most notably scotland , account for this sort of general problem with special jury verdicts to include `` not proven '' as a third option to `` guilty/not guilty . '', 
  a not proven verdict basically amounts to saying , `` we had enough circumstantial evidence to imply that you were * probably , * on balance , up to * something * but not enough to prove you are actually * criminally responsible beyond a reasonable doubt * . '', 
  i agree with you . 
  this is precisely the problem with the principle of having legally illiterate companies deciding on fair use -- that was my whole point . 
  corporate lawyer here . 
  you 're both right , but you are kind of talking past one another . 
  companies are , yes , technically just an abstraction . 
  a company in fundamentalist legal terms is basically just a collection of paperwork . 
  in the jargon they are known as * juristic * persons , which can be contrasted with * natural * persons . 
  what people * mean * when they say that companies are people though is also true . 
  companies are , as fundamentally as they are a collection of paper work ( i.e. 
  a legal entity/shortcut in order to facilitate doing business [ we could n't have stock markets for one without limited liability ] ) , * they are also fundamentally made up of , and run by living , breathing people . 
  * as such , rules that impact organisational law and governance invariably will have an impact on actual people too -- even if the technical ` object ' of such regulations is merely an abstract entity . 
  wow , you really ca n't see how imbalanced that notion of responsibility it ? 
  tell me , if ~ ~ your ~ ~ an employee 's boss 's , boss 's boss made a decision you would , with a straight face , be able to blame this employee and indeed any and all others who work there ? 
   clearly fair uses as a lawyer all i can say is that i only wish it was clear for us to decide when some things are/aren ' t fair use , let alone some random administrator in a company . 
  it 's a big `` if '' is the point . 
  these things can change very quickly , but also , yes , i suppose it can change for the worse too and it is all * theoretically * possible . 
  if an act is passed that conflicts with common law it will * technically * override the common law . 
  however , if the common law rule is long , traditional and well establish , the courts will be very unlikely to throw there hands up and enforce it . 
  your argument rests on the judiciary 's willingness to comply , but yes , they could technically do that -- i do n't think any constitution is in practice a bar to this , though some in theory will be more designed to * explicitly * account for that . 
  the uk constitution simply does so in ` less mainstream ' ( i.e. 
  i see what you 're saying about the how it would probably have to be a gradual thing . 
  but again , i think this would have to rely on a complacent judiciary/civil service and a complacent public , as well as a special set of circumstances to allow such calculated legal/political manoeuvring to take place . 
  the specific consitution does n't really matter unless it 's ` super easy ' within the relevant context , let 's say . 
  but you 're definitely right about never ignoring the risks . 
  you could say the same about 1066 . 
  only 1066 actually changed the constitution from scratch . 
  i guess what i meant is it never went through an * enlightenment era * codification movement , most of which were brought on by that sort of napoleonic rift/civil war that resulted in a totally new settlement , rather than a ` gradual ' or incremental modification of the existing one . 
   another big feature of the british system is that the parliament can change the `` constitution '' as easily as it can change regular laws . 
  that 's essentially as if it did not have , in fact , a constitution . 
  if you then consider that the government is , by principle , supported a majority in the commons , it means the commons themselves are pretty much ceremonial . 
  the debates and opposition there do n't matter . 
  this is wildly theoretical and not the case in practice at all . 
  backbench rebellions within the majority party ( as well as shifts in public opinion for whatever reason ) can significantly alter outcomes . 
  this happened recently with the conservative plans to reform the human rights act . 
  what most continentals and codified constitutional systems do n't understand about the uk model is that these informal political questions can and do often carry the same force of a formal legal written document . 
   my point is that the british `` constitution '' fails at protecting itself or the liberties of its people . 
  there is a different tradition of civil liberties enforced through the common law rather than a ` super law of the constitution ' all put down in one document . 
  there is also growing activism from the courts which reinforces this as well , but it dates back to the 18th century case of [ * entick * v * carrington * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entick_v_carrington ) . 
  this established that the state can only act lawfully in a manner prescribed by statute ( i.e. 
  acts of parliament ) * or common law . 
  * this decision is the precursor to the 4th amendment and marks a strong representation of the rule of law tradition here , acting as check on whatever executive action might lead to . 
  there 's also a distinction between legal sovereignty and political sovereignty . 
  parliament can pass whatever law it wants but that does n't mean it will actually be followed or put into practice by the civil service or the courts . 
  in your example , we could easily make the counterargument that a totatalitarian government could gain all power regardless of what eh constitution actually said , if that was their aim . 
  having a document that clearly defined separate institutions would n't really make a difference . 
  it also depends on the willingness of the public to subject , the willingness of the military to comply and so on and so forth . 
  interesting to think about though . 
  that 's the beauty of it . 
  for all its incremental and patchwork features , it 's utterly unique and has withstood the test of time . 
  it 's because they 're populists , so if it is n't run through the people in some sort of electoral fashion it 's therefore an invalid form of democratic government . 
  [ you never let them touch , dude !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i62_kf9615k ), 
  the uk never went through a tremendous rift or civil war like most other modern democracies did . 
  they 're never going to just start from scratch because the checks and balances are achieved in other , less formal ways . 
  there is no * written * constitution , but there most certainly is a constitution in general . 
  formal or otherwise -- the sources are numerous and carry varying degrees of authority . 
  a good number of them are considered political rather than legal ( i.e. 
  formal ) in nature . 
  e.g it was once famously said that parliament has the legal authority to legislate that all blue eyed babies must be killed . 
  the mechanisms that prevent this are more political than legal in nature . 
  though the courts have steadily over the past 50 years started to look into this and get more involved . 
  it is rather unique though . 
  and you 're right about [ parliamentary sovereignty . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_sovereignty#england_and_uk_generally ) it 's a bit of double edged sword because on the one hand the government can change things v quickly and force things through , no problem . 
  this is good as it theoretically keeps things changing with the times and flexible . 
  but on the other hand it relies on the government doing the right thing with this kind of power . 
  the courts are adapting however , particularly in light of eu influences like the echr . 
  some argue that the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty is being eroded by this , but it remains a contentious technical and academic legal debate . 
  `` one nation populism '' or `` populism without walls . '', 
  yes , i can see the propaganda now . 
  \\ #populism ? 
  or even better : the internet senate . 
  that would be funny . 
  you do n't think the same sort of horse trading would occur if they were simply elected along party lines ? 
  if elected you 'd be absolutely sure to lose any semblance of impartiality . 
  appointments are n't perfect but it 's the best you 've got if you 're aiming for as much independence as humanly possible . 
  i think you 're overplaying the actual role of the lords spiritual in today 's house , and perhaps somewhat exaggerating who gets appointed and how . 
  even still , both extremes ( abolition and no reform ) are equally ridiculous . 
  i do n't think you understand the british constitution . 
  the executive sits within the legislature . 
  it has immense influence . 
  and the highest court does n't have the power to declare acts of parliament unconstitutional . 
  see that just concentrates an immense amount of power into a smaller number of political actors . 
  someone hand that man a tissue !, 
  apparently the sniffling and grasping at his nose are nervous ticks ; never would 've guessed . 
  `` it 's not the system as such , but for instance in da case of anti-semitism , it 's da juice . '',
