actually , germany has the most eu-immigrants of any country in the eu . 
  i really hope cameron does not challenge this , cause if he does , and it turns out not to be a bluff , then i think it will force the uk out of the eu . 
  and that , in mine opinion , would be bad for everyone . 
  its better to stick together . 
  norden strong !, 
  very nice, 
  well , this sounds terrible, 
  turkey sould not be allowed to join the eu . 
  the eu has enuf disfunctional nations already . 
  this is just sad, 
  nice , i will check it out, 
  this politician of yours seems like a well educated individual, 
  if the only thing the british want is the singlemarket , i think they sould leave . 
  it would be better for everyone . 
  there is no reason why a disfunctional relationship which obviously pains both parties sould be kept alive . 
  they eu sould give them a freetrade agreement or something . 
  this is why france needs to reform ... 
  this is a good day to be a nord, 
  this will probably not happen lol, 
  a general reform in italy is what the italians need . 
  the only way to ensure a sustainable welfare state and growth is to increese efficiency through deregulation and removing unnecessary bureaucracy . 
  playing with the currency is a temporary fix to a permanent problem , however , devaluation and qe can bring a short burst of economic stimuli that make it much easier for the italien goverment to reform . 
  tl ; dr : reform the euro to make it easier to reform the state . 
  reformin the state is the main goal . 
  about damn time , we are way to reliant on russia, 
  or reform , and become more efficient which is a better solution in the long term, 
  this is depressing :(, 
  australia, 
  yes , but not in the near future . 
  what is uac ? 
  i think they look good, 
  you should add some more countries , but nice work , 
  the ihdi is more relevant to reality . 
  the hdi is only an index of `` potential '' development if there was no inequality . 
  very nice , 
  why am i downvoted ? 
  is it because you dissagree with me ? 
  i \u00b4 m norwegian , and i \u00b4 m pro eu, 
  for germany to be powerfull in the eu it needs strong and respected partners . 
  france is one of them , and britain could be one of them . 
  but since britain is so anti-eu and unwilling to cooperate , germany needs to look for france and , because of the latest trobble around the next ec president , italy . 
  this puches the eu agenda in the direction of frence and italian sosialisme . 
  this is why we need a strong britain in the eu . 
  without it , the eu will continue to adobt frence sosialistic walues and stagnate into irrelevance . 
  i don \u00b4 t get it, 
  yea right, 
  hahaha , wow . 
  i have never seen this amount of bullshit, 
  thanks , putin, 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  are you me ? 
  tel aviv isn \u00b4 t in europe, 
  russia currently has no intentions of attacking/anexing europe because of nato and the eu , just look at the relationship between russia and the european countries that are not members of nato or the eu . 
  also , russia don \u00b4 t need allies as long there are other countries that also want europe harm . 
  `` an enemy of my enemy is my friend '', 
  russia , north korea , and any future threat to europe , which i can garantee will excist . 
  anyone that would want to hurt us . 
  itt : naive hippies that think freedom and democracy is free and do not need protection from totalitarian regimes ... 
  this is hilarious !, 
  yes , absolutely, 
  sir , you are terribly misinformed, 
  the gdp ppp they present are wrong . 
  germany is wealthier than uk, 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  hdmi ? 
  we should force them to let their children get education and integrate into society . 
  finaly some cooperation and agreement between eu states , 
  norway isn \u00b4 t even a part of eu ... 
  i personaly like the ihdi better : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi it includes healthcare and education, 
  i \u00b4 m a yuropean, 
  as the americans often say ; freedom is not free, 
  god damn it , why is germany so against sanctions ? 
  check out this site , it holds a lot of usefull information about studying in norway http://www.studyinnorway.no, 
  i don \u00b4 t think there is any tuition fees in norway, 
  indeed, 
  yes . 
  sure, 
  about damn time, 
  lol, 
  `` universal basic income '' , yea right , i don \u00b4 t think so ... 
  - better cooperation between member states . 
  - more investment in innovation and technology . 
  - more democracy . 
  - less state , more privatization . 
  - more personal and state freedom . 
  - foreign-policy and fiscal union controlled by a publicly elected goverment . 
  - stop with random bullshit , like two eu-parlaments ; one in brussels and one in strasbourg `` we did n't create the eu so that we could have uniform light bulbs , toilet-flushing mechanisms and banana sizes , we created the eu to solve major , vital issues together and to give europe a suitable role in the world , between america and asia . '', 
  - eads ceo tom enders, 
  norway will join when eather : - the oil i gone and we get economic turbulence - the eu cleans up it \u00b4 s act and behaves like a proper union, 
  i don \u00b4 t really like russia, 
  in norway most of our political parties are for eu membership , but the people are not we have one `` anti-european '' party , the farmers-party - sp, 
  i fucking hate putin , god damn it . 
  yes, 
  you could use thorium in your nuclear reactor.it \u00b4 s safer than uranium , and both norway and the usa have massive supplies, 
  since the end of world war ii , nuclear weapons have been seen as the ultimate evil , even as last resort . 
  you don \u00b4 t use them for territorial domination . 
  remember , if this turns into a war , it will be a war for crimea and the respect of ukrainian terretory , nothing else ... 
  a war over crimea is not going to go nuclear ... that would just be silly, 
  well , you are correct , but the us and uk have obligations http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances, 
  it \u00b4 s a shame that nato consist of a bunch of spineless pussies too conserned about pleasing european and american billionares than doing their job,
