  we should have a joint european defence, 
  i am from norway , so i will use the norwegian system as an example . 
  the politicians get their knowledge from the departments they lead . 
  for example , the financial minister get knowledge from the department of finance . 
  these departments have one job ; to know as much as possible about their respective fields . 
  when the politicians are elected to power they pledge to serve norway in the best interest of the people . 
  if they do not , you have two ways of removing them form power : 1 . 
  you wait for the next election and vote for another candidate/party . 
  the parlament eniciates a vote of no confidence . 
  haha , nice, 
  nice . 
  keep on going , this is a great idea !, 
  btw : maybe you could implement `` green texting '' , like they have over at 4chan ? 
  it would be fun :3, 
  this is why most democratic countries do not have direct democrasy . 
  you can \u00b4 t expect the general population to know everything about international macro-economics , political relationships , social development ect ... we have politicians and departments of goverment for a reason, 
  personaly i find it a little hard to see were comments begin and end , and the primitive design can scare off newcomers . 
  you sould use colors or something to more easily seperate comments and users from each other and make the site more modern/minimalistic/simple than reddit . 
  pfft , ever googled `` norway '' ? 
  it makes switzerland look poor, 
  tips to make a improved european `` version '' of reddit : - prettier overall design - simplified comment section - integration with google translate ( like presseurop ), 
  well , this site won \u00b4 t start at the same size as reddit is today . 
  like any other website it will grow over time , making the costs increase gradually . 
  the owner could use this time to gather money . 
  the reason i , personaly , as a european , would use this site is since it \u00b4 s based in europe . 
  even if it \u00b4 s just a clone of reddit , i would use it . 
  i am tired of using american products ... it \u00b4 s nothing against you americans , it \u00b4 s just that i feel it \u00b4 s time to desentrialize the internet . 
  this is a great idea !, 
  we need more european innovation !, 
  if you make this i will gladly use it , 
  what is wrong with this video ? 
  it may over exaggerat a little but it stays true in its core ; the south spent too much for too long , therefore was irresponsible and sould change its economic policies to become more viable and trustworthy, 
  epp group, 
  what do you guys think about this ? 
  this is the result of a naive immigration policy, 
  it \u00b4 s the goal of the epp which currently holds the presidency . 
  http://www.epp.eu/policy-areas#europe http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_people's_party, 
  the current commission \u00b4 s ultimate goal is to turn the eu into a federation . 
  thats the goal of the epp atleast . 
  because the european commission is incompetent . 
  they focus on retarded stuff as lowering vacum-noise for eviromental reasons and banning olive oil , in the middle of a financial crisis . 
  what they sould focus on is the massive unemployment , the failed austerity measures and the creation of a true economic union ( to strengthen the euro ) . 
  in other words ; the european commission is is focusing on the wrong problems , usualy problems that are in the jurisdiction of nation-states ( this is why britten is pissed-off ) , instead of real european-level problems . 
  yeah right , mr. zero per cent gdp-growth . 
  well , `` der spiegel international '' is pretty legit, 
  i wish that my country norway would join the eu, 
  an european federation would be the best for europe . 
  it would make us more competitive against the usa and china , and it would make the eu a more stable union . 
  but before we go all state-like we need to prioritise a banking union and fiscal union to stabilise and secure the credibility of the euro . 
  norway \u00b4 s massive oil-fund, 
  i do n't like it, 
  well , it \u00b4 s not very surprising that 8 out of 10 are european countries . 
  europe is after all a pretty sweet place to live . 
  in norway we have too much respect for each other to use massmurder in political elections , so it was never brought up . 
  well , i \u00b4 m a norwegian and i \u00b4 m pretty happy so i guess the study is accurate, 
  europe seems to become more connected even thought there is a financial-crises . 
  i like this, 
  coop, 
  i would like a european federation, 
  ever heard of multicom ? 
  it is a investment fund created by the norwegian government . 
  norway has a 700 billion dollar fund . 
  the largest fund in the world, 
  you also get +2 gb if you download the jottacloud app . 
  i personally have 12gb, 
  norway dose not have a spy-program . 
  we have a data collection program though , but for the government to get information from that program they need to get a court order from a public court . 
  jottacloud uses servers based in norway . 
  it \u00b4 s pretty safe, 
  we sould do this in eurpe too . 
  close off the mediterranean and aegean sea . 
  unified eu military controled by a democratically elected president accountable to the parliament . 
  cannes , or center of oslo and sell it of for profit . 
  why the distrust of norway and sweden ? 
  the eu should trade crimea for kalingrad, 
  amen, 
  haha , nice !, 
  glorious !, 
  i see russia as being russia . 
  it 's not european nor asian, 
  what do you mean ? 
  forever, 
  norway is not neutral . 
  we are a member of nato and a loyal ally of the eu . 
  we have imposed sanctions on russia just like you . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/#/11111111111 ), 
  english translation please, 
  well , we say it if we talk about a situation but not about a state of mind , so you ca n't say that a person is texas , but you can say that a party is texas . 
  texas = crasy/chaotic, 
  wow , italy and greece needs to step up their game, 
  as a norwegian i insist on a referendum . 
  this is not for the goverment to give , it is the peoples land . 
  as a pro european it annoys me that i agree with her, 
  english source please, 
  inner london - west ( including city of london ) and inner london - east http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/gdp_at_regional_level, 
  storo = huge orgasm . . ok wtf . 
  they have taken some liberties here, 
  i think you are overestimating how much people care about the eea, 
  there are several reasons : 1 . 
  we are not in the eu because most norwegians do n't really care .
