  but i 'd say on a per capita basis , you 're doing a far worse job at keeping it in check . 
  so scots are n't white british now ? 
  what makes you think it was attacks on white britsh ( english ) by scots and not attacks on white british ( scots ) by other ethnic minorities ? 
   because you take your anger out on english , attacks on english are at record levels . 
  provide your sources . 
  for what it 's worth , there has been no anti-immigrant sentiment in scotland since the brexit vote . 
  [ police scotland : no rise in hate crime in scotland since brexit ] ( https://www.commonspace.scot/articles/8731/police-scotland-no-rise-hate-crime-scotland-brexit ), 
  the whole brexit debate was amateurish , from both sides . 
  the leave side provided absolutely no blueprint for what people would be voting for beyond leaving the eu . 
  nothing . 
  the scottish independence debate was far more detailed and constructive . 
  the scottish government at least released a white paper of what an independent scotland might look like , even if it was speculative . 
  leave did nothing of substance to plan for the future except for putting words on a bus which they immediately back tracked on the day after . 
  no , it was n't part of the debate at all . 
  only as an off-hand comment , never as a significant reason . 
  you know she 's meeting with the european parliament president martin shulz ? 
  you know she 's meeting with other european parliament leaders too ? 
  donald tusk said it was `` not appropriate at this time . '', 
  which means that it can and will change when the time is appropriate . 
  are you speaking about the original video in the op ? 
  i 'm talking about the extended video which i linked . 
  [ here it is again for you . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eddzpzk-e-u&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1h9m39s ) time coded to the moment on the extended video . 
  what was it he obviously said then ? 
  in the [ full video ] ( https://youtu.be/eddzpzk-e-u?t=1h9m39s ) , it seems nigel mouths , `` hey , scotland can fuck -- ( off ? ) '', 
  just as the camera cut away . 
  could be wrong though . 
  anyone got other suggestions ? 
  ah , so he said it 5 days after the vote and after the attacks on polish people , as opposed to the day after the vote like sturgeon ? 
  so his hand was forced to condemn actions rather than calm things like sturgeon before they could happen . 
  can i see those statistics please ? 
  i have a feeling it will be based on sectarianism between catholic vs protestant if that 's true rather than against other nationalities and races . 
  that 's not proof . 
  the british government already said that is n't how it would work . 
  scotland would n't have been split during the last indyref , and it wo n't be split in the next indyref . 
  you have shown absolutely no proof or quotes from governments or draft legislation of scotland being divided upon a split indyref . 
  is it legally possible ? 
  of course it is , just like the uk could rename scotland as jockland as the uncodified constitution allows it to do anything . 
  but it wo n't happen . 
  scotland is a single cultural , legal , historical and political unit . 
  what did cameron say ? 
  show me any proof that scotland would be balkanised like northern ireland in the result of a yes vote . 
  it was n't in the legislation during the last indyref , and it wo n't be again . 
  nobody want 's another northern ireland . 
  to all eu citizens and polish , this is what nicola sturgeon said the day after the referendum . 
   i want to take the opportunity this morning to speak directly to citizens of other european countries living here in scotland - you remain welcome here , scotland is your home and your contribution is valued . 
  wow . 
  someone from montenegro is far more knowledgeable about spain 's stance on unilateral declarations than the vast majority of british people despite it being refuted again and again for the past 2 years . 
  all we hear in the british press and in / r/ukpolitics , / r/worldnews and / r/unitedkingdom is of how spain will veto . 
  it 's almost a meme now . 
  i 'm impressed . 
  keep it up montenegro . 
  some english people get a hard on at imagining that . 
  same thing was said during the last referendum . 
  the scottish sun was not in favour of scottish independence nor did it have `` vote leave '' on the front page . 
  leave was n't even an option , it was yes or no . 
  the only paper in favour was the sunday herald which has a circulation of 3 people, 
  damn , someone in vietnam saying we 'd live in poverty . 
  that 's nothing !, 
  imagine what it was like when the entire print media in the entire country was against scottish independence . 
  at least here there is almost a split . 
  i do n't think anybody could manage to haemorrhage # 1.5 bn + in 5 years . 
  that would mean losing # 250m + per year whilst not growing the portfolio from dividends . 
  downsizing does n't mean immanent bankruptcy . 
  every single print paper has done the same . 
  and if you take exception to their bias , then you would know every other paper takes editorial bias . 
  the sun , times , express , mail , telegraph , financial times , etc etc , each and everyone has picked a side and is biased in one way or another . 
  the scott trust is a very wealthy fund that bankrolls the guardian . 
  it recently sold a stake in autotrader for over half a billion . 
  as loss leading as the guardian is , it wo n't ever see bankruptcy for a long long time . 
  it could support the guardian 's losses for 30 years . 
  parliament is sovereign . 
  once they uk is out of the eu , they could do what they like . 
  he broke uk law . 
  he is currently avoiding being arrested for breaking uk law . 
  how is the uk 's treatment of assange criminal ? 
  the only criminal here is assange for skipping bail and forfeiting his supporters thousands of pounds worth of bail money . 
  the thought of spain being a net receiver seems wrong . 
  when i 've been to spain it does n't strike me as a poor country . 
  also same with ireland , constantly boasting about high gdp per capita and high standard of living . 
  external debt is misleading , as an abstract economic indicator it is meaningless . 
  public ( government ) debt is what you should be counting . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_public_debt of course , debt in an of itself means nothing , it 's the ability to pay it is important . 
  also the ability to control your own currency is a very important part of that , something the eurozone can not . 
  by a massive 3 % ? 
  probably because england has a reputation from the past with casuals from the 80 's , so other groups from other countries gather specifically to go against them looking for a fight , not realising that the reputation is in the past . 
  more indebted than the entire eu ?!, 
  by what measure ? 
  because from what i remember , in terms of gross debt in percent of gdp it 's less than greece , italy , france , portugal , ireland , spain etc. 
  never encountered a romanian shoplifter , probably because work restrictions on romanians were n't lifted until 2014 and i had since graduated from university by then . 
  did have a latvian women stealing electric toothbrushes once . 
  she had been in the country for a month and already been in court over 30 shoplifting charges . 
  never knew why she was n't remanded in custody . 
  there was a certain point when i was working in a supermarket as a student , 90 % of the shoplifters caught were polish . 
  but it 's not the case anymore . 
  if scotland was in the eu as its own nation , its representatives would double from 6 to 12 . 
  this is fine . 
   women 's rights in turkey `` like something from the middle ~ ~ ages ~ ~ east '', 
  i do n't think the royal air force existed either , it was called the royal air corps . 
  the uk might actually be unique in that regard .
