  a un security member losing 30 % of their land mass and a place to keep their nuclear weapons , and a few hundred billion off their gdp . 
  as i mentioned elsewhere , the uk flag should be changed to the [ flag of the city of london . 
  ] ( http://www.theflagshop.co.uk/ekmps/shops/speed/images/city-of-london-flag-466-p%5bekm%5d300x172%5bekm%5d.gif ) because it 's a far more accurate representation of the interests of the government . 
   will the uk then integrate with eu to the same level as the rest of the member states that would involve joining the eurozone and using the euro . 
  which i doubt will ever happen . 
  you missed out king of scotland . 
  looks cozy . 
  vermont has * sensible democrats * though , which make sensible laws and are fairly pragmatic . 
  if there was a spectrum of democrat states in the us , vermont would be on one side of the spectrum , and california would be waaaayyy at the other . 
  i 'm firmly voting yes in 2014 to get away from this increasingly anti-eu uk . 
  vermont is probably one of the best us states . 
  sensible laws , a half decent legislative , low crime and amazing , amazing scenery . 
   were n't they also searching large diplomatic bags from the ecuadorian embassy ? 
  it was to prevent julian assange from veing smuggled out . 
  i do n't believe so . 
  a cursory google search turns up nothing , other than people speculating that he could escape in one , but nothing about police actively searching ecuadorian diplomatic bags . 
  i looked into if or when it has ever happened before , or at least known about . 
  apparently zimbabwe did similar in 2000 . 
  also interesting trivia from wiki :  during the 1982 falklands war , the argentine government used a diplomatic bag to smuggle several limpet mines to their embassy in spain , to be used in the covert operation algeciras , in which argentine agents were to blow up a british warship in the royal navy dockyard at gibraltar . 
  the plot was uncovered and stopped by the spanish police before the explosives could be set . 
   it was a victory for the people . 
  it showed that we can unite and be heard by the world . 
  now just because the guy that we chose to support turned out to be a phony , does n't mean we should ' t do it again . 
  the operation was a success but the patient died would be a fitting phrase . 
  not all utilities in the uk are privatised . 
  scottish water for example is still publicly owned . 
  but that 's probably because the uk government ca n't touch it . 
  ukraine needs to form a relationship with turkey and help invest in gas exploration and exportation in kurdistan . 
  kurdistan pipelines to turkey then ukraine via the black sea would be ideal , in fact for general energy diversification in the eu to take away russia 's energy stranglehold would be advantageous . 
  kurdistan gas costs half as much as russia 's . 
  london and aberdeen are the two cities in the uk where house prices have n't decreased . 
  aberdeen was the only uk city to grow its economy during the recession . 
  why is everything so expensive ? 
  because dat oil . 
   rent :  apartment ( 1 bedroom ) in city centre 336.86 $ :o it 's # 750pm here in my city for the same , or almost $ 900pm, 
  why just stop at boardrooms ? 
  why not all the other male dominated industries ? 
  surely women are just queuing up to work in other industries ? 
  i 'd like to see a legal quota for women in my industry too ; the offshore oil industry . 
  it 's not discrimination . 
  it 's not oppression . 
  they just do n't want to do the long , physical , anti-social and demanding jobs . 
  these jobs just tend to be well paid . 
  the rigs are a total sausage fest , 99 % are men and the occasional woman is a norwegian steward . 
  introduce a quota for every industry for those unqualified or unwilling to do the job and you 'll see industries fall apart . 
  there just is n't the numbers to fill the role . 
  what are the average prices for things in romania in euros ? 
  beer , hotel , food , transport etc ? 
  yes . 
  that 's how it 's looked at up here . 
  ah , but little old scotland would never be able to negotiate a better cap deal at the eu table . 
  together as part of the uk , the massive influence , bargaining power and clout the uk has means that little irrelevant scotland gets the best deal it could possibly have !, 
  we should be grateful !, 
  or that 's what they tell us . 
  yet we still end up with the worst deal in the entire eu . 
  same story when it comes to fishing . 
  i bet countries such as ireland could only dream of having such influence at the negotiating table . 
   the uk government 's decision not to award up to $ 230 million between 2014 -2020 of cap funding known as the ` convergence uplift ' to scotland goes against the wishes of both the scottish parliament and the european union . 
   the only reason that the uk qualifies for the uplift is because of scotland 's low payments under the current system . 
  however , the uk government has confirmed that it will not pass on the uplift to scotland and will instead impose deeper cuts to scotland 's cap budget -- leaving farmers [ in scotland ] with the lowest per hectare payments in europe . 
  and that 's how they end up becoming independent countries . 
  are n't britain 's overseas territories and crown dependencies pretty much independent in every respect apart from defence ? 
  do n't they have democratically elected governments and full control outside of the power of the uk parliament and the british government ? 
  i do n't think there is much the uk could even do to curb these tax havens apart from the queen dissolving their respective governments and becoming an absolute monarch . 
  anyway , here 's the financial secrecy 2013 index ... 1 . 
  switzerland 2 . 
  cayman islands 5 . 
  singapore 6 . 
  usa 7 . 
  germany 9 . 
  jersey 10 . 
  japan, 
  i 'm ok with this , with the prospect of just waiting a little while , looking down south and saying `` you ... you can go first ... '' and see if there are any adverse affects after substantial time . 
  it 's not like the price of oil and gas is going down any time soon . 
  bots should be helpful , subtle and short , in so much as you do n't really notice them . 
  this is a huge fucking wall of text that does nothing . 
  can we get this bot banned ? 
  how do roma even get to immigrate to the usa ? 
  as far as i know , the usa has incredibly strict immigration policies unless you have a degree , have family members living there already or are an asylum seeker . 
  not quite sure why this is a surprise . 
  i 'm sure 8,000 years ago people ate anything that moved . 
  rednecks in louisiana and other places eat frogs to this day . 
  hopefully they got the right people and they end up guilty for whatever they are accused of . 
  i would hate to be innocently punched , tackled then kicked to the ground by tens of so19 police officers . 
  oh , him being a plastic paddy terrorist supporter is n't the surprise , it 's how much it has been upvoted 12 | 17 . 
  it was in positive numbers when i replied to it . 
   brits have gone soft , they deserve everything they get . 
  the uk deserves to be the target of terrorism ? 
  and your comment gets upvoted in / r/europe . 
  amazing . 
  eu citizens would get free education in scotland if they were in their country 's education system for 3 years . 
  it 's based on residency , not nationality . 
  not really . 
  because what you said was n't correct . 
  if you 're from england , wales and northern ireland , you can get free education in scotland . 
   what absolute bollocks . 
  maybe your mps should n't have voted for tuition fees . 
  take it up with the uk parliament and hold them accountable . 
   unless you 're from england , wales or ni . 
  not really correct .
