  because whites are n't allowed to use henna because it 's indian culture and whites wearing it is stealing , cultural appropriation and imperialism !, 
  but boadicea wore henna . 
  so , they 're wrong anyway . 
  feminists on twitter/tumblr are so mad right now about the use of henna by the uk 's entry . 
  [ i could only fit so many in my screen . 
  you 're just mad that the usa did n't manage to qualify this year . 
  scotland accounted for over 60 % of eu oil production and approximately a third of eu total hydrocarbon production in 2011 . 
  we probably provide very little natural gas production though , that would probably come from the netherlands , denmark , england and poland . 
  here 's a [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uljyfox.png ) of what the article was describing . 
  if the vote is yes , scotland will continue to be part of the uk for 18 + months . 
  that 's when negotiations can begin with the eu for joining the eu * whilst still being in the eu . 
  * remembering that scotland already comply with eu law and regulations in scots law , it would be much easier , seamless and importantly much quicker to integrate than a non-eu country . 
  but that 's only if the current eu members play ball . 
  the uk is the only nation allowed to ask the eu on the legal advice on this , but they are refusing to . 
   another influence of islamic law on european law was the presumption of innocence , which was introduced to europe by king louis ix of france soon after he returned from palestine during the crusades . 
  prior to this , european legal procedure consisted of either trial by combat or trial by ordeal . 
  in contrast , islamic law was based on the presumption of innocence from its beginning , as declared by the caliph umar in the 7th century . 
  other freedoms and rights recognized in the islamic legal system based on the qur ` an since the 7th century , but not recognized in the western world until much later , include `` the rights to know , to choose belief and behaviour , to read and write , the right to power , and even the right to choose government . 
   huh ? 
  is that even possible ? 
  wo n't denmark & norway 's drilling in the north sea risk hitting the co2 pockets then ? 
  the co2 will be pumped into already extracted oil deposits . 
  it 's not like the geography and rocks all run on the same paths or share sections or even overlap . 
  they are separate , different formations , different layers , different depths , different rocks as well as being hundreds of miles away from each other . 
  unless denmark or norway does sideway drilling hundreds of miles into the uk sector , which is illegal , technically impossible and also massively expensive , then no , there is no risk of hitting co2 . 
  scotland used to have a restriction on sunday . 
  you could only buy alcohol from 12am - 10pm due to religious reasons , but you could buy alcohol from 8am-10pm the rest of the week . 
  but the scottish parliament changed it to 10am - 10pm as uniform across every day in 2005 . 
  you can buy alcohol on sunday in scotland at the same time as any day of the week as usual in supermarkets / shops . 
  10am - 10pm . 
  source : i have a scottish personal alcohol licence . 
  my area has become inundated with them . 
  400 children could n't play their weekend football league games because [ travellers camped ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fmxahpr.jpg ) ( 1 ) their caravans on [ the football pitches ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tgfnkhc.jpg ) ( 2 ) and also a nature reserve . 
  they also broke down several of the metal goal posts . 
  previous to moving there , they had camped on a golf course ( [ 3 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xhdtqqq.jpg ) ) , ( [ 4 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zrr0le6.jpg ) ) , ( [ 5 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rx3zpcl.jpg ) ) , ( [ 6 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/407qrc3.jpg ) ) , ( [ 7 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p8j6zcp.jpg ) ) causing thousands ( estimates # 20,000 ) of damages and in dumping their rubbish . 
  and previous to that ... they camped in the playing fields of the sports centres and previous to that ... they parked in the middle of the city centre !, 
  and previous to that ... they camped in the city 's large park . 
  and previous to that ... they camped in a nature reserve . 
  and previous to that ... they camped in a garden centre 's car park and previous to that ... they broke into a church 's grounds , breaking through metal barriers . 
  and previous to that ... they moved massive boulders blocking the entrance to a business ' grounds . 
  and previous to that ... they parked on the universities playing fields and shot people with air rifles . 
  the police and city council do nothing , despite them breaking the law continuously . 
  if i were to park a caravan wherever i pleased , i 'd be arrested . 
  the travellers in my area do not respect the local people . 
  they do not respect the law . 
  they camp on private or public property without a care in the world . 
  when they move on , they leave their rubbish behind or dump waste from their ` businesses ' , which consequently is from jobs which they do n't pay tax on . 
  just did some research because the article was n't very helpful in the detail . 
  the yield rate is 5-5 .25 % , which is surprising . 
  that 's a very low rate for such a high risk . 
  for the 10 year bond i 'd expect to see better rates too . 
  6.97 % when it was almost double that at 12 % last year ? 
  you 'd have to be incredibly positive and/or stupid to buy these bonds . 
  i really doubt that . 
  sectarianism and religion permeates northern irish culture . 
  the conflict is all about religion . 
  even in the unlikely chance they do stop following religion , they 'd still associate with protestantism or catholicism in the cultural sense . 
  independence is rarely legal . 
  you could make a good argument to make a small part of glasgow part of northern ireland , but not the rest of scotland . 
  oh god no !, 
  we would n't be able to afford it , and northern ireland is completely the opposite politically to scotland . 
  it would be a complete trainwreck . 
  norn ire is a hot potato that we 'd rather not handle . 
  the majority of scots would be against it . 
   any prospect for a referendum on independence ? 
  not unless the northern irish assembly has an outright majority with sinn f\u00e9in or sdlp . 
  the northern irish assembly is weird in that it has a coalition government made up of republican and unionist parties . 
  the only reason scotland managed to get a referendum is because the snp managed to get a majority in a system that was meant to be impossible to get a majority . 
  i do n't think many mainland british people would mind northern ireland united with eire . 
  would certainly be less of a [ financial liability ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n9yj7is.png ) as it is now and northern ireland is definitely politically and socially closer to eire than the uk on many issues . 
  ( abortion , same-sex marriage ect ) ironically , i do n't think eire would want unification right now , anyway . 
  \\  tfw no sovereign wealth fund, 
   you 'll find on the islands off of scotland too that the people there might not really consider themselves scottish . 
  nonsense . 
  the western isles most certainly see themselves as scottish . 
  the northern isles such as shetland and to a less extent orkney are vehemently scottish but with just a more scandi culture . 
  but at the same time , being over reliant of one source is n't good either . 
  when it comes to oil and gas , we have to unfortunately put aside the morality of the source . 
   german economy minister sigmar gabriel said there was `` no sensible alternative '' to russian natural gas imports and it was unlikely russia would stop deliveries because of the crisis over ukraine , a german daily reported on friday . 
  * currently * . 
  kurdistan has found massive quantities of oil and gas the past 5 years . 
  the biggest onshore oil field in the world ( shaikan ) has been found there in a generation . 
  it is having massive economic and social problems because iraq is withhold its budget because it wants to export gas and oil to turkey and the world markets . 
  they 've already built the pipelines into turkey but do not have permission from the central iraqi government to sell it . 
  kurdistan is going independent sooner rather than later , might as well garner a good relationship with the kurds . 
  turkey is banking on them to supply their energy needs . 
  germany and the eu just needs to put their efforts in building a pipeline from turkey to greece/eu and germany will be fine . 
   you mean that time you sat there and let poland get carved up ? 
  armchair general , what would you have done ? 
  the uk did n't have much of a standing army at the time , one which was already in the middle of a disarming programme . 
  it was n't prepared or ready for a war . 
  sending an expeditionary force to germany or poland immediately would have been suicide and wwii would have ended before it began , with the axis being the victors . 
  but muh perfidious albion . 
  muh ethnic cleansing of bridges . 
  i assume iceland is allowed to do that as a matter of convenience . 
  iceland 's location is strategically helpful for nato , so they probably let the whole have-no-army-or-air-force thing slide . 
  less powers than a state government in america . 
  the uk parliament can also remove the scots parliament 's powers whenever it so chooses . 
  the federal government in the us ca n't do that . 
  my solution in a completely selfish way , which would solve the problem but might create another .
