  apparently scotland is part of a jihad alliance and terrorist state . 
  comments hoping scotland suffers from mass muslim immigration if we gain independence etc. 
  finances should only be a tiny part of the reason . 
  for me it 's for a greater and fairer democratic state . 
  every day there are reasons to quit the union . 
  yesterday it was the institutional protection of paedofiles in politics by party whips and the security services for bribery purposes , today it 's cracking down on unions and also the introduction of draconian and vast surveillance laws . 
  the dissolution of civil liberties trumps the possibility of being slightly worse off financially . 
  the usa has 3 times the rate of aids as the uk . 
  how 's that circumcision thing going for ya ? 
  sooner or later , hong kong will decline because currently under agreement , when the uk handed back hk they agreed that hk would retain many parts of its independence . 
  but under a timeline of 50 years would integrate back into china . 
  both in legislation , political governance and business practices . 
  are you only counting the snp for the nationalists in parliament ? 
  because the two green msps are for independence , bring it up to 55 %, 
  yeah ... 
  the bank of england does n't give a shit outside of london and south east . 
  the bank of england only sets rates for england and the south east in mind . 
  scotland is n't the only one , the north and west of england suffers because if this . 
  just to stop the over inflated , over heated housing industry in london from crashing . 
  it 's not just scotland thats getting screwed in favour of london centric policies . 
  you mean just like now ? 
  there 's already a wall , but it 's pretty decrepit and it would cede much of northern england to scotland , since the wall is n't near scotland . 
  and it 's certainly not my preferred option . 
  i would do what denmark does and what ireland did when it gained independence from the uk , pegged its own currency to its neighbours . 
  be that sterling or euro . 
  those were the other choices stated by the fiscal commission in the white paper . 
  no , scotland can continue using british sterling or it could use a scottish pound pegged to sterling . 
  other nations use other nations currencies without permission . 
  there are for example non-european union member states using the euro without agreement , much like there are countries which use the us dollar as their official currently without permission . 
  nah , you 're wrong . 
  they said no to a currency union . 
  scotland can still continue to use the pound if it so wishes . 
  or do what ireland did post-independence and use an irish pound pegged to sterling , which they did for 50 years before joining the euro . 
  the us has n't been friendly with kurdistan post-invasion . 
  in fact , the relationship had significantly deteriorated in the past 12 months . 
  this year , obama refused to meet with kurdistan president massoud barzani . 
  the us also has refused to remove the kurdistan democratic party ( kdp ) and the patriotic union of kurdistan ( puk ) from their list of terrorist organizations . 
  it is strange that after such a close relationship with the puk and kdp , they still see them as terrorists . 
  if that were true why is the us government still putting pressure on us and other oil companies to stop buying kurdish oil ? 
  kurdistan is pumping oil to turkey and huge shipping tankers are being loaded . 
  one such tanker was half-way across the atlantic to a us buyer , only for it to turn around because the us government intervened , stopping the sale . 
  the tanker then floated around the mediterranean for awhile until part of the consignment was offloaded to a second tanker which then sold to israel . 
  when kerry was in erbil last week , kerry asked kurdistan president massoud barzani to help form the government of national unity in baghdad . 
  barzani told kerry that he planned to secede from iraq and that the us would have to accept it . 
  [ in kurdistan , kerry urges leaders : do n't secede ] ( http://www.haaretz.com/news/middle-east/1.600859 ), 
  the us is vehemently against kurdish independence and have been putting weight and influence on companies not to buy kurdish oil . 
  they do not want the break up of iraq . 
  similarly , our oil rich city also tried to create a local bylaw banning begging by making it a criminal offence by the labour / conservative coalition , but was overturned by the snp government . 
  i think it was mostly instigated by the appearance of the 3-string guitar `` playing '' [ gypsy woman . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkhkiherujc ) that plagyed the city centre with her anti-social playing . 
  it 's decentralised ` enough ' but not enough to `` constitute a federal system in itself '', 
  the scotland act 2012 gives the scottish parliament the power to vary income tax by a massive 3p !, 
  or 0.04 euros !, 
  the new variable powers , which are just as ineffectual do n't even come into force until 2016 . 
  the german federal government gives local governments far more powers in tax raising powers too . 
  so that 's both the us and german federal system which gives far more power to its constituent states . 
   you gave scotland and wales so much self-governing power that the uk almost constitutes a federal system in itself . 
  not really . 
  we have significantly less governing powers than a u.s state does . 
  a u.s county has more tax governing powers than we do . 
  i could be wrong , but the uk could join the efta/eea like norway , switzerland etc to participate in the eu 's market without being members , but that means the uk would have to adopt almost all eu legislation anyway and will have to have freedom of movement , which is one of the reasons why middle-england wants out . 
  with the kicker of also having no say in the formation of the eu laws , yet having to adopt them . 
  and the weirs were subject to cyberbrit abuse ( being called fat , ugly , stupid etc ) after their two donations . 
  ( no mainstream news about that though ) both sides have idiots . 
  it 's actually policy in the uk to give lighter sentences to women . 
  [ judges told : be more lenient to women criminals ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/7995844/judges-told-be-more-lenient-to-women-criminals.html ), 
  well in scotland past the age of 5 you 're allowed to drink alcohol with parents permission . 
  you can also buy alcohol ( wine , beer , cider ) at 16 with a meal . 
  i meant on uk base in germany . 
  yeah , child soldiers that do n't go to theatre until they are 18 . 
  from 16 onwards they train and remain at base in the uk or maybe germany . 
  also , some of us do n't consider 16 to be a child . 
  in scotland the legal age of majority is 16 and you 're legally an adult . 
  panini stickers are subject to huge amount of theft . 
  children steal them , but the vast majority are stolen for resale . 
  prior to the 2010 world cup , 135,000 were stolen from a distribution warehouse . 
  in brazil , 300,000 were stolen this year . 
  i 'm guessing you did n't actually read the gq interview between salmond and alistair campbell , and just heard about the out-of-context quotes from the tabloids ? 
   fedoras are a symbol for atheists ? 
  it 's a symbol of american tryhard atheists . 
   for the most part , they do n't give a shit about anything and talk loudly , i once saw that a russian mother just opened some package in a store and gave some of the contents to her son ... 
  i do n't see the problem as long as they b -  and just put it back in the shelf . 
  actually it 's almost summer . 
  the tory 's only manage to get 15 seats in the scots parliament because of the regional list system . 
  they never win outright seats at fptp . 
  not even conservative leaders have ever managed to win their targeted seat in a scots election . 
  they have to rely on the proportionate vote , which is embarrassing . 
  let that sink in , not even their leader was directly elected by their targeted constituency . 
  if there was no prospect of a financial loss , everyone would put their name on the ballot for shits and giggles . 
  i would . 
   deposit ? 
  political parties have to put a # 5,000 deposit to stand as a party in each region in the uk . 
  if the party recieves more than 5 % of the vote , they recieve their money back . 
  in the uk parlamentary elections , it 's # 500 . 
  losing your deposit ( not getting 5 % of the vote ) is a major embarrassment for a major party . 
  it often happens to conservative and ukip candidates in scotland . 
  it 's meant to stop non-serious entries . 
  i feel sorry those that are going to lose their # 5k deposit in the uk for not getting enough votes . 
  a lot of poles live in the uk . 
  dat booing of russia .
