  if you 're born in scotland but were educated in england , you would n't qualify . 
  if you were english , but spent the last 3 years in scottish education , you 'd get free education in scotland . 
  it does n't discriminate where you were born , only where you had your education prior to university . 
  i saw a programme about this . 
  british citizens were having to work in paris to be able to bring their own spouses to the uk . 
  such a weird , bureaucratic mess . 
  yeah , it 's going to be a huge problem , it 'll be free education tourism that will push out scots from their own universities . 
  on that note , i 'm surprised by the fact many people in england do n't travel to denmark or elsewhere within the eu that provides free education . 
  the eu system should be changed so you can not discriminate against other eu countries which also offer free education . 
  but you can against those that charge their own citizens . 
   so if the independence referendum gets a yes vote , but the eu referendum gets a no vote , english students will allowed to study in scotland for free ? 
  correct . 
  if scotland becomes independent , and the uk/england/whatever continues to be in the eu , they 'd get free education on the same terms as scots/eu citizens . 
  you 're not allowed to discriminate against other eu countries , but because scotland and england are n't separate eu members ( it 's the uk that holds membership ) , you can discriminate between regions inside the country . 
  i should note , the current system does n't discriminate against english people . 
  english people can get free education in scotland , you just need to have lived in scotland for 3 years prior to university . 
  plenty of english born people get free education in scotland . 
   requiring more than a simple majority is why we did n't have a scottish parliament 30-odd years ago yep . 
  the uk parliament gerrymandered it so scotland would n't get a devolved government 30 years ago . 
  it 's so nefarious that the un holds it up as the case example on how not to hold a referendum . 
  shall definitely be interesting to see the change in crime statistics next year compared to last . 
  what do i think a moderate muslim is ? 
  [ these guys at the muslim peace conference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1le8kipqt5i ), 
  what is a moderate muslim ? 
  do the believe homosexuality is ok ? 
  do they think gay marriage is acceptable ? 
  do they think people that mock mohammed and islam should be killed ? 
  do they believe sharia is above other national laws ? 
  does islam fit into european values ? 
  how compatible is sharia with european values ? 
  it 's actually quite rare even for us troops to use a real one in practice , so this must be a real treat for latvian troops , even if he is firing the equivalent of 4-6 times his yearly wage . 
  scottish parliament election , which uses both fptp constituency vote and a regional list . 
  so two votes really . 
  scottish greens . 
  the number of police with guns in scotland is actually down under the snp . 
  there are only 200 police trained to carry guns now . 
  the only change in policy was that in the highlands and remote locations armed response units would be allowed to answer non-armed calls . 
  this is because otherwise armed response units would be sitting in their car doing nothing waiting for a call that never comes . 
  what with austerity and police cuts , this helps provide cover . 
  the way people have been telling it is as if everyone 's getting armed , when no more are getting armed and there are even less so in actuality . 
  only one real poll just before the actual referendum showed a lead for yes . 
  for the entirety no was leading . 
  so having a poll showing yes leading is fairly significant in that context . 
  bosnia and herzegovina strong !, 
  nah , can we talk about american toilet stalls ? 
  the doors have gaps on the sides , so anyone from the outside can see in and the doors themselves are short on the bottom so you can literally see anyone sitting down . 
  wan na provide some evidence of the snp leadership being anti-english ? 
  but wo n't he still be arrested in the uk for breaking his bail conditions ? 
  the uk probably got a bit tired of being called * england . 
  that 's not hadriens wall depicted . 
  it 's meant to be the geography that effectively divides scotland in half , by river and mountain . 
  you can see it [ here from space . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/db/scotland_from_space.png ) hardiens wall would n't have existed in the 15-16 century , as the stone walls would have been looted and re-purposed for farm dykes and buildings way beyond that date . 
  illegal economic migrants that burnt their paperwork . 
   the militant farmers are protesting over cheap imports they claim are driving down prices of their own produce . 
   `` we tried to tell them it was french fish , from a french boat , for a french market , but all the seven loads just got emptied onto the road . 
  `` mate , it 's french fish yeah , caught by frenchies , yeah ?!, 
  do n't set them on ... oh for fuck sake not on fire ! '', 
  ^ hon ^ ^ hon ^ ^ ^ hon, 
  oh sure , greek tax is just 6 % lower than the eu average . 
  that 's all fine and good . 
  except nobody pays the tax as if it were a form of national pride and duty . 
  scotland does n't have its own devolved pension fund . 
  scotland has no powers over benefits like that . 
  that 's all westminster . 
  scotland has less powers than a us state government like iowa or wisconsin . 
  scotland has less powers than the german states too . 
  scotland devolved government does n't have the power to do that , even if it wanted to . 
  a psych evaluation is not required for a gun licence in the uk . 
  gun owners are required to give permission for the police to approach their gp and find out any mental health issues , but the home office guidance is clear that such approaches `` should not be made as a matter of routine '' to get a gun in the uk is incredibly easy . 
  all you have to show is that you have a need for one . 
  a single sentence of `` all lawful uses and target practice/sport ' , with helpful referees such as a local firing range . 
  clearly never been to aberdeen . 
  was n't monica 's flat rent explained in a way that it was a rent-controlled building . 
  the rent could not be increased for as long as the tenant lived there . 
  monica subletted the flat from her grandmother who had lived in the flat for decades . 
  that would be a good fit for old town, 
  really happy for podemos !, 
  i met one of their leaders after her talk at the snp conference this year in scotland . 
  she talked a lot of sense about community activism and localism . 
  the people in power do n't want to change it because it benifits them . 
  the snp are the only party that did incredibly well because of fptp and also wants to change the system to proportionate representation . 
  it should be noted , if the uk had pr , this election would have resulted in a tory + ukip coalition , which would have been even worse than the fptp result . 
  which the public rejected, 
  it 's hilarious everyone 's now suddenly talking about fptp . 
  where were these same people in the past ? 
  now the ` baddies ' of the snp have got lots of mps , suddenly it 's a bad system !, 
  patriotism ca n't feed bellies . 
  there is no ` native population ' , it was uninhabited when it was discovered . 
  do n't think it really matters what they 're paid . 
  they 're individually wealthy regardless before they get to that position . 
  obama makes millions on book royalties for example . 
  cameron most certainly gets paid handsomely from dividends from stocks and shares as well as other things . 
  she 's entitled to more but she only takes a salary of # 135,605 or $ 185,862 out of principle , so it 's less than david cameron . 
  there has been a voluntary pay freeze on scottish ministers introduced in 2009 . 
  here 's the reasoning for the payrise . 
  * it was ironically to stop themselves being paid more . 
  *  the 0.7 % pay increase gives all 129 msps a salary of # 59,089 . 
  it means scottish ministers will now have an official pay package of # 103,495 . 
  carwyn jones , the first minister of wales , receives # 134,722 .
