  scotland received more per head not just because of point 1 , but because it contributed more per head in taxes compared to the uk average . 
  `` england funds the lot is '' complete hyperbole . 
  considering only 3 parts of england are in positive contributions as % of gdp . 
  east england at roughly +1.5 % , south east at +10.7 % london at +20 % . 
  the rest of the english regions are in deep subsidy . 
  northern ireland contributes -29 % , wales -26 % , north east of england at -22.2 % . 
  i do n't have figures from the west or south west at hand , but i know they were subsidised to a decent degree . 
  scotland used to hover around break even at 0 % from cebr figures but most likely changed due to the oil price . 
  but certainly not to the degree of other parts of england that contribute in minus % of gdp . 
  to claim that the entirety of england is subsiding the other home nations is wrong , when parts of it are subsidised itself heavily . 
  til only england is taxed . 
  the issue is that the spanish constitution does not allow succession . 
  it 's not legally possible . 
  a referendum on independence is unlawful and illegal . 
  catalonia does n't really have any avenues to go down , long or short term . 
  in the uk , there is n't that issue . 
  maybe from your vantage point in the south east of england and not actually part of the debate in scotland itself . 
  a massive part of the ` no ' campaign by ` better together was that if scotland left the uk , it would n't be in the eu any more . 
  i think it would be fair to have a ` do-over ' if scotland was pulled out of the eu against its own will . 
  you 're saying that where they 're from , their societal norm and structure believes and teaches that rape is a-ok ? 
  i do n't need laws to tell me something is bad . 
  this is how they repay germany for taking them in . 
  how grateful . 
  unless you 're a billionaire or connected politician , no regular citizen is getting a conceal carry in ny city . 
  the link is literally the submission of this thread . 
  click on the title . 
  the video in the bbc article with the elderly german women is basically massively victim blaming those that were assualted . 
  even if it happened in new york city ? 
  where concealed carry is illegal ? 
  so she 's blaming them due to the nature of men rather than the nature of their culture . 
  victim blaming . 
  it 's the women 's fault clearly . 
  are you investing in eastern poland ? 
  you 're using hyperbole and a strawman argument to try and refute my point of stereotypes , which is silly . 
  you can not deny that greece 's gdp was 17 % + pensions . 
  greece has the same size of economy as scotland despite double the population !, 
  # 0.95 for anyone wondering . 
  that 's not the greek stereotype . 
  the greek stereotype is having a ludicrous pension system that once saw hairdressers and tv presenters classified as `` dangerous '' professions and able to retire at 50 or a country where everyone saw tax evasion as a national sport . 
  greek doctors were n't seen as specifically lazy . 
  nothing will be done until a driver is killed . 
  i do n't understand why you 're being downvoted . 
  scotland , wales and northern ireland are on the ops list , and catalunya has far more powers than either of those three . 
  scotland planned to introduce something similar , but i believe it may contravene eu laws and all the supermarkets and alcohol manufacturers were going to lobby hard with their cash to stop it . 
  looks like the start of the new school year at the school of witchcraft and wizardry in hanse, 
  have you ever been to shetland and orkney ? 
  have you spoken to them about a possible succession ? 
  have you actually spoken to an orcadian recently about being ` very anti being part of scotland ' ? 
  or are you just reading bias press ? 
  it 's funny when english , especially those that have never been to orkney or shetland always parrot this line . 
  it 's not true . 
  you have more maritime surveillance planes than the uk though . 
  psst . 
  xenu is the bad guy in the scientology fairytale . 
  scientologists do n't worship him . 
  xenu strapped everyone into space planes , put them into volcanos and blew them up with hydrogen bombs , capturing their souls and brain washed them into believing propaganda . 
  scientologists believe that they can undo the brainwashing which is the root of all suffering . 
  thieves and liars is n't a stereotype of greeks . 
  not paying taxes as if it were a national sport is however . 
  which lets face it , is factual . 
  i hope they pack sunscreen . 
  what are moderate muslims ? 
  do they agree in sharia law ? 
  are they against same-sex marriage ? 
  do they believe people should be stoned to death ? 
  just the police dog they sent in to ` assess the danger ', 
  who cares about being relevant when you 're being dragged off into illegal wars by the likes of america ? 
  i 'd rather be an irreverent country that uses public funds to build houses than built intercontinental ballistic missiles , or have a fully public health service . 
  switzerland , finland , denmark , norway , all irrelevant countries that i would n't mind being in the irrelevant country club of . 
  who gives a toss about relevance apart from boasting on the internet about having a big willy ? 
  happy independence day poland !, 
  we do n't have an equivalent holiday ... 
  i do n't know if you 're joking or not , but it means culminate hours . 
  for example , if 3 people work 10 hours each in a day on a task , 30 hours went into the task in that day , even though there are 24 hours in a day . 
  i think it meant he was no longer conscripted . 
  he ended his conscription and signed up as a normal soldier . 
  the immigrants probably brought the number down . 
  but you can define british citizenship . 
  and non british eu citizens got to vote in the scottish referendum . 
  bureaucracy most likely . 
  * american kids *, 
  the philosopher 's stone was also renamed `` harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone '', 
  not when they could be dictated by berlin !, 
  a frenchman complaining about the rebate when france receives massive farm subsidies from the cap is hilarious . 
  hey , i disagree with that . 
  not all student unions are terrible . 
  just the student unions which take is seriously are terrible . 
  my union president was a pleasant , quiet , long haired lanky guy named george you 'd see working pulling pints behind the union bar who 'd fix any issue you had . 
  although this was in 2006 before this type of culture went mental and co-opted unions with their special interest agendas . 
  3 minutes late is positively punctual for the french . 
  i 'd expect it to be on strike to be accurately french . 
  tell me , how is it hard to believe ? 
  i rarely comment in / r/europe to be noticed . 
  is it because i 'm indy supporting or because your res tag for me is showing in the minuses ? 
  prepare to believe !, 
  i like many scots can be pretty pedantic when people use synecdoches to erase the other home nations , and call the entire country , england . 
  either through ignorance , laziness or common practice . 
  here are some comments i quickly found where i touched upon it . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/4s0tin/til_when_queen_elizabeth_visited_the_set_of_game/d55rhc9/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/51to0u/what_europe_searches_about_the_uk/d7f64ly/, 
  if you search my reddit comment history you 'll find it plenty of times chastising americans on subreddits and even europeans on this sub .
