   the official pay rise came into effect after msps voted to decouple their pay rises from the salaries of mps at westminster . 
  under the legislation that established the scottish parliament in 1999 , msps ' salaries were pegged at 87.5 % of the pay given to mps . 
   the decision to decouple msps pay from ** westminster is designed to distance holyrood from the controversial proposal to push up mps pay by 10 % ** to # 74,000 as recommended by the independent parliamentary standards authority -- a decision that has already been rejected by uk party leaders . 
  the same could be said for the tories . 
  the could completely fuck up scotland and have absolutely no accountability in scotland , since they do n't need scottish mp 's to make a majority and only have 1 mp as it is . 
  what makes you think policies which ` naturally favour scotland ' would n't also be beneficial to england or northern england ? 
  and hypothetically which policies might these be ? 
  i 'm fairly sure we broke our targets so early in 2010 , we upped our own goal higher . 
  our target is 50 % of renewable by 2020 . 
  the eu goal is just 20 % and the uk 's agreed target is just 15 % !, 
  i believe this is english and possibly welsh patients only . 
  not all uk patients . 
  as i believe the scottish nhs does not sell this sort of data . 
  i move for a vote of no confidence in chancellor valorum 's leadership . 
  hypertext refers to a text link which has content displayed on an external site . 
  embedded link is content which is hosted externally , but displayed on your current page . 
  i did vote for independence . 
  it includes english but not scottish ? 
  or is this a case of using england to mean uk ? 
  looks cozy . 
  needs a fireplace and a cat . 
  is that not a level from goldeneye multiplayer on the n64 ? 
  he was n't even the wrong kind of muslim !, 
  if you believe the muslim council of britain and all mainstream islamic scholars , they do n't consider him a muslim at all !, 
   ` so , whilst we fully accept the right of ahmadis to their own religion , it is clearly misleading to describe them as muslims . 
  they are not ' [ - muslim council of britain . 
  ] ( https://www.rabwah.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/muslim_council_britain_antiahmadiyya_website.png ) the largest group representing muslims in the uk considered him an apostate . 
  does that include the exceptions to things scortland would no longer be paying for ? 
  ( ie nuclear weapons , wars ) it also does n't account for having control of economic policy and levers only sovereign powers have , such as rate setting . 
  whilst it might only account for a few percentage points , it 's worth remembering . 
  nobody thought independence would be immediately milk and honey , but it was about more than money . 
  it was about greater political democracy . 
  just a shame independence did n't happen in the 70 's . 
  scotland would be like norway , as secret reports by the conservative government reports at the time suggested . 
  of course not . 
  like the rest of the eu , there is no capital punishment . 
  it was likely a terrorist from egypt . 
  libya was just a convenient scape goat for the cia . 
  the star witness that supposedly saw al-megrahi could n't identify him in a line up and now lives in australia with millions paid to him by the us doj . 
  * but what do you think of the attacks ? 
  * you seemed to have ignored it . 
  you mean kings landing ? 
  right ? 
  my first thought was , `` a mod of / r/europe * is posting this ? 
  props to the swede in the mobility scooter !, 
  [ at roughly 5:50 ] ( https://youtu.be/42jpuxjpk0w?t=5m10s ) when the swedish police inexplicably leave the crew on their own , somali immigrants start throwing punches at the camera crew , then in comes a swede in a scooter and rams one of them over at full speed , causing enough distraction for the crew to leave . 
  the hero sweden needs . 
  i wondered why their faces were n't blurred and brightness levels increased as the norm of swedish media , until i realised it was hosted on interpol . 
  i 'd imagine forced sharia would cause outrage in the uk too . 
  but it 's not enforced . 
  they 're 3rd party tribunials . 
  its not a court . 
  it 's an agreement between parties . 
  it 's been part of english common law for hundreds of years . 
  businesses and jews have been using them to settle disputes for centuries . 
  muslims are using them too . 
  the important thing is that they can not break british law . 
  it 's not like these sharia courts are ruling that someone has to have their hand chopped off . 
  it 's two people agreeing for a 3rd person to settle a dispute . 
  3rd party arbitration is not the same as having sharia law . 
  whilst there is some legitimate criticism for the system , it 's another to be outraged due to not understanding what they really are . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , i 'm willing to stake a bet that cornwall wo n't get funding anywhere near it currently gets from the eu . 
  i doubt it . 
  a proper government would double up on that investment in the poorest areas , and help elevate and bring those areas out of poverty . 
  the whole reason cornwall started getting funding in the first place was because of the neglect of the uk governments . 
  yes but cornwall and wales are neglected by the central uk government . 
  without those funds to be allocated by the eu , i doubt the uk government would have funded those schemes in the first place . 
  [ west wales and cornwall are some of the poorest areas of northern europe . 
  ] ( http://indy100.independent.co.uk/image/18477-6rv6cn.jpg ) , but only the eu seems to bother funding projects . 
  and what does the independent use to accompany the story ? 
  a picture of a non-electric kettle . 
  you quite clearly do n't understand the different scenarios . 
  it 's not based on birth . 
  you can be born in england and get free education . 
  you can be born in scotland but not get free education in scotland . 
  it 's based on residence . 
  not nationality . 
  you have to live in scotland to get free education . 
  it has nothing to do with your location of birth . 
  but where you live . 
  english people can already get free university in scotland . 
  i know plenty of english born people that got free education in scotland . 
  it 's not discriminatory to where you 're born . 
  you just need to have been in education in scotland prior to going to university in scotland . 
  this argument has been done to death . 
  they are different scenarios . 
  the spanish government has no issues with scottish independence . 
  this is why : the uk constitution allows for the separation of the union . 
  westminster is sovereign and gave temporary powers to the scottish government to hold a referendum on independence . 
  westminster made it legal and let it happen . 
  spain has no issue with scotland gaining independence as it would be legal in the eyes of the uk . 
  spain wants the successor state to have the ultimate decision on separation of states . 
  in spain , independence is illegal and not allowed in the constitution . 
  this means the uk in scotland 's case , and spain in catalonia 's . 
  yes . 
  of course . 
  scotland received higher differentials because : 1 . 
  it has a far more sparse population in locations that are far away . 
  it means that services are much more expensive to deliver . 
  whilst areas of dense population such as england are able to deliver services cheaper and more efficiently .
