that 's not a very long list . 
  you 're just saying things without backing them up . 
  [ salmonds response to the effigy ] ( https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=806672549391232 ), 
  i 'd like to hear your list of the snp track record of being humourless . 
   so it 's ok to burn the leader of russia or the uk but not scotland ? 
  i did n't realise salmond was a `` national symbol '' have you compared them ? 
  putin is wearing a mankini . 
  that 's all . 
  no national symbols . 
  no russian flag . 
  just putin . 
  salmond is wearing tartan trousers . 
  has the loch ness monster attached to the float . 
  has a 45 % ( referring to the votes for yes ) badge , clearly referencing scotland . 
  salmond is n't the national symbol . 
  the national symbols are the national symbols . 
  there 's a difference between burning an effigy of a man like putin , or cameron , or nick cleg and thatcher , which had no national or stereotypical symbols of that country , and one which does , in salmond 's case . 
  if you 've seen salmond 's reply , you can see he can take the bantz . 
  lets hope so . 
  i would n't count on it . 
  they might not enter into a formal coalition , instead opt for a supply and support role - in return for vast transfer of power to the scottish parliament . 
  and a lot of people voted no because of the thought of leaving the uk would mean being outside the eu . 
  with a uk leaving the eu , a lot of people would change their vote from no to yes . 
  well , two points regardling that . 
  since 1945 only twice -- in 1964 and february 1974 -- was labour reliant on scottish votes to help keep the conservatives from office . 
  labour have imploded in scotland since the referendum and the snp are projected to gain the majority of mps in scotland , nullifying any vote that would keep the conservatives out anyway . 
  yep . 
  as someone that voted yes , the prospect of being forced to leave the eu by the rest of the country is both a horrible prospect for myself , but also another opportunity . 
  staying in the eu or leaving is a win/win from my perspective . 
  [ polls show ] ( http://cdn.yougov.com/cumulus_uploads/document/n965i9mzb8/yg-archive-pol-sunday-times-results-311014.pdf ) only london and scotland are in favour of staying in the eu if a vote happened . 
  looks like a health bar of a video game boss . 
  well , it 's certainly not working . 
  scottish fishermen get a really shitty deal out of the eu , but mostly because the uk does such a terrible job at representing them , rather than the eu 's fault itself . 
  same goes for uk farmers . 
  the uk is so against the cap that it does n't fight for its farmers like france does . 
  * this appears to be a controversial comment on this sub . 
  that 's a lot of targets for a submarine, 
  and yet we voted to stay part of this system . 
  yay, 
  [ and here 's the sun 's front page ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bxw9mq8cqae2mur.png ), 
  [ the uk conservative party had this flyer in 1964 ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_zan-abmm9m4/tog91bwirai/aaaaaaaaj_8/kaxcmtdwdlq/s1600/toryrace1964conservativerascismmigrant.jpg ), 
  holy shit . 
  i 'm both horrified and impressed at how competent gchq is . 
  it 's a wonder why all the it projects the uk government does are overpriced , over budget , and over schedule then cancelled . 
  should scotland be given automatic entry into the eu , with considerations that its laws , governments , standards , democratic integrity , lack of corruption and regulations already comply with eu law ? 
  i wonder why he 's so butthurt . 
  nobody should be putting that much effort into an anti-british online crusade via comment sections . 
  i mean at what point does trolling become a job ? 
  well , they are a bunch of gimps . 
  her life is pretty much over . 
  her parents and community have completely disowned . 
  stupid girl . 
  that would be voter fraud . 
  are you from london 's tower hamlets ? 
  well if you 're going to act like that . 
  cheerio . 
  nah , she does n't have a plane . 
  she 'll often borrow an raf aircraft or she takes her personal royal train . 
  well , she has to get on easyjet these days because of austerity and cut backs , meaning she has to go through amsterdam first . 
  i do n't think a lieutenant general is needed . 
  she 's just a 3 hour plane ride away for the odd constitutional duty which she already does in scotland , like the oppening of parliament . 
  it 's not like scotland is the same distance away as australia or canada . 
  people that refer to tony blair as scottish are being disingenous . 
  he self-identifies as english , spoke with an english accent , spent most of his entire life in england , supports the english national team and more importantly , represented an english constituency . 
  he 's about as scottish as he is australian , where he 's also lived in his youth . 
  only if we get back into the eu . 
  also , we could just adopt a grant system . 
  charging everyone the same amount but giving a grant to scots students effectively making it free . 
  [ this is the monarch 's throne in the house of lords . 
  ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5192/5869954695_8d1be800ae_z.jpg ), 
  he self identifies as english according to his official biographer . 
  the last known stuart heir is living in australia . 
  it 's not about being rude of not , it 's not legally possible to kick out native born english muslims . 
  they were born there . 
  oh , what it would be like to have a sovereign wealth fund and had that oil monies used wisely ... 
  simpson quotes and braveheart . 
  does it take you 9 hours to get to london via train ? 
  if we 're going fantasy i 'd rather we have minecraft portals . 
  why what ? 
  because high speed ( hs2 ) in the uk is a centralist policy for london . 
  all infrastructure projects in the uk are predominantly for the betterment of london and to make commuting to london easier . 
  if it helps the rest of the uk it 's by chance and not design . 
  what about the border control from england to france as passengers will/may be leaving the eu ? 
  even without independence , a scotland within the uk wo n't be getting high speed until , maybe , if we 're lucky , phase 2 in completed after 2032/33 . 
  westminster loves us . 
  high speed rail from london to scotland ? 
  haha , fantasy indeed . 
  the iraqi government has n't been arming the kurds . 
  it 's exactly why the us government is now going over bagdhad 's heads by directly arming the kurds after insisting they could only deal directly with the central government . 
  the u.s is having to give directly to the kurds because prime minister nouri al-maliki broke a written promise to deliver some to the kurds . 
   '' . . but said individual members could send arms in coordination with baghdad . '', 
  see , this here is a problem . 
  baghdad does n't want the kurds armed . 
  the polis . 
  sweden and glasgow call their police service the same thing . 
  that wording is hilarious . 
  would probably cause the individual eu nations to increase their military spending and incorporate a unified eu defence force . 
  no more relying on france and the uk . 
  do n't hold your breath . 
  those comments below the article are both hilarious and terrifying .
