  public record . 
  there was once upon a time where i would correct people for using england when speaking about the uk , but recently , i 'm more than happy not to be associated with whatever the fuck is going on down there . 
  do n't confuse legislating for it to mean an actual referendum will be held soon . 
  it 'll be legislated for and held way into the future . 
  thanks for your rebuttal and detailed reply in explaining why it 's not the case . 
  absoltuely not . 
  british nationalists and scottish nationalists are on completely different aspects on the political spectrum . 
  while in england , british and english nationalism was co-opted by elements on the far right and racists , causing it to be based largely on ethnic nationalism , anti-immigrant populism and exceptionalism . 
  british nationalism in scotland is also tied to unsavoury elements such as the orange order and the other negative connotations of northern ireland . 
  while in scotland , scottish nationalism has been claimed and moulded by those in centre and left , making it far more savoury and nicer . 
  scottish nationalism is largely civic . 
  what that means in practice is that it is n't based on your original nationality or your ethnicity . 
  once you 're here , you 're scottish . 
  it does n't claim that scotland is the best country in the world . 
  it does n't claim to be a superior race . 
  it comes from a point of , `` perhaps we can do better '', 
  unprocessed food like fruit , vegetables , cerials and uncooked meat etc have no vat anyway in the uk . 
  if that 's the case , why are places in england with less immigration than scotland so anti-immigration and anti-eu ? 
  why is scotland so different from wales too ? 
  this issue can not be hand-waved away because we have ` less immigration ' , when the same scenario does n't apply to the other areas of the uk with equal or less immigration . 
  the only downside is that the polish bread you get at our supermarkets is n't quite good , but you can get it at the polski shops , which are everywhere . 
  not mosquitoes , we do have things called [ midges ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/midge ) though , but they 're only really a nuisance in the highlands and not dangerous in the slightest . 
  they should just come to scotland instead . 
  we voted remain and the police released statistics showing no increase in hate crime since brexit and we have a sizeable polish community . 
  polling has shown scots are far more in favour of eu immigration than the rest of the uk and our government have an active policy of increasing eu immigration . 
  we could n't be any more opposite than middle england . 
  why does scotland think it 's so progressive compared to northern ireland ? 
  perhaps have a look at the differences in parliaments and their legislative programmes , for example when it comes to the rights of the people . 
  i do n't know who would want to be more like northern ireland except a backward republican state in the us . 
  then use britain , which while leaves out northern ireland , is far more accurate than leaving out wales and scotland . 
  england is n't even a country nor nationality . 
  the majority of those are about england , not the uk . 
  unless the majority of europeans are ignorant of the geographical , cultural and political differences . 
  yes , the snp will kick up a fuss regardless . 
  it 's not like the scottish green party is against it , it 's not like the scottish labour party is against it , it 's not like the lib dems are against it , and it 's not like [ ruth davidson has clashed against theresa may about it . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/theresa-may-can-t-force-scotland-to-ditch-human-rights-act-says-ruth-davidson-a7012311.html ) there is a near consensus regarding the human rights act in the scottish parliament , not just the snp . 
  ireland was taxing apple at an effective rate of 0.005 %, 
  that 's a shit load of money . 
  yep !, 
  just clarifying it for the people that do n't actually read the article and jump straight into commenting . 
  to clarify , the recorded investment was from before the brexit vote . 
  the data from after the brexit vote and then also actually exiting the eu will give a much more accurate picture . 
  the refugees that have come to the uk are part of the refugee programme . 
  these are the people that actually stayed in the camps , were vetted , and took part in the correct process . 
  they fit the criteria such as being vulnerable with disabled children etc. 
  these are families . 
  these are n't the same as the ` hordes ' of young men that were travelling across europe . 
  i have absolutely no problem with helping the vulnerable that followed the process as long as they do n't have conservative muslim views . 
  would you trust a promise by a corrupt organisation like fifa though ? 
  especially when its opinion can change in the future ? 
  i would n't . 
   ** `` according to government employees , dexeu is `` sending adverts round departments like mad , to no interest ... '' '' **  '' ... the biggest problem recruiters will battle , say civil servants , is that the whole of the civil service is massively disappointed about brexit '' . 
  according to one source the department 's new email addresses may end in `` @brexit . gsi.gov.uk '' , which potential recruits worry will `` completely destroy '' their international credibility . '', 
   ** '' ... dexeu is `` in a massive panic '' . 
  there are rumours of `` funnelling a load of inexperienced fast-streamers '' into the project . 
  '' **  ** '' ... lends credence to a rumour in the civil service of a recruitment bias against those who have done eu jobs `` because they 'll all be anti brexit '' '' - i.e. 
  they wo n't be recruiting people with eu experience because they will be biased against brexit . 
  **  '' ... dexeu is still holding department meetings in a starbucks on victoria street , as it is yet to find a building . '', 
   ** '' ... dexeu has some way to go before it can start responding to queries without adding `` it 's a work in progress '' . 
  and right now , as one official puts it , it 's `` a work in not very much progress at all '' . 
  '' ** provide proof , downvoted . 
  haha , you brexiteers ca n't handle the truth . 
   another headache is finding somewhere for it to work . 
  one government source says dexeu is still holding department meetings in a starbucks on victoria street , as it is yet to find a building . 
   the department denies this and says its address is 9 downing street . 
  ( some say that the fact that 9 downing street is simply the back entrance into the cabinet office means this is a temporary solution ) . 
  the department responsible for brexit in the uk will only have 32 civil servants and they ca n't even fill the roles because nobody currently in whitehall want the job , so it 's going to go to very very very junior and inexperienced mandarins . 
  32 people responsible for picking apart one of the largest post-war political and complex issues in modern british history . 
  32 people !, 
  even worse is they are reluctant to employ those with eu experience as they might be biased against brexit . 
  and hilariously , the brexit department does n't even have an office yet , so they 're having departmental meetings in starbucks . 
  source : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-department-will-only-be-given-32-senior-civil-servants-a7197056.html brexiteers , instead of downvoting my post containing facts , give me a rebuttal . 
  employment in the north east of scotland was far above and beyond the national uk average anyway . 
  this will just bring it down to near the uk level . 
  the only thought i 'd have is the use of thermobaric ( air-fuel ) bombs . 
  it would starve the fire of oxygen and fuel . 
  ... i wonder if nukes would do it too . 
  whilst that 's true , i feel the biggest difference is scottish nationalists tend to be civic nationalists , whilst english nationalists tend to be ethnic nationalists . 
  the express is gutter . 
  it ran this on its front page :  the search for a cure for cancer could be harmed by scottish independence it also ran :  send the army to ireland before brexit time, 
  it 's an edited line from batman . 
   so somebody else can deal with the consequences . 
  and she 'll blame the scots for it . 
  `` because scotland is the hero the uk needs , but not the one it deserves right now . 
  so we 'll hate them . 
  because they can take it . '', 
  the uk runs a deficit of more than -3 % per year . 
  currently at -4.1 % . 
  or more now because of brexit . 
  hell , the uk was at -11.2 % in 2009 and -10 % in 2010 , so under that condition the uk would n't manage to get in the eu if was n't so already . 
  while greece runs a deficit of -1.4 % http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/economics/government-deficit_gov-dfct-table-en tough choices would have to be made , but an independent scotland would have full sovereign controls of its levers and financial policies to tailor the needs of the economy and country , rather than a one size fits all policy that would have to cover london to orkney . 
  depends on the type of platform . 
  exploration platforms are contracted for months to years . 
  they move to an area of the ocean , drill , test , move on . 
  then the production platforms move in which are generally static and in place for decades , in the case of the norwegian/scottish oil industry . 
  source ? 
  the fact there has been no increase in hate crime in scotland , compared to the massive increase in england , where it has skyrocketed since brexit . 
  i 'm not claiming we 're super ace people . 
  we just have less reactionary and xenophobic racists . 
  we have our own nuckleraggers like the orange order ( who are incidentally britsh nationalists ) .
