  i do n't think that it 's a disservice to anybody to say that mutilating children 's genitals is bad . 
  step back from your talking about the math involved , and just look at that sentence . 
  are you really going to disagree with it because the math is a bit different ? 
  come on . 
  as a counter to your ( some would say reasonable , i 'd say unnecessary ) argument - some proponents of mutilating genitals propose simply doing a ceremonial cut , rather than cutting anything off . 
  no nerves are lost , but some pain is made as a ritual . 
  still okay to do ? 
  if you use just math , sure no problem . 
  if you say no touching children 's genitals , no touching , then it 's wrong . 
  i think this is one of the rare cases where adding math just does n't help . 
  edit : i think it 's a disservice to * all * children when we start making exceptions and differentiating different forms of genital mutilation . 
  many proponents of fgm point to male genital mutilation and rightly indicate that there is a level of hypocrisy in allowing one ( for no medical purpose in the best interest of the child ) and not allowing the other ( also for no medical purpose in the best interest of the child ) . 
  leave kid 's genitals alone , people . 
  it really is as simple as that , and if you have a problem with that , there 's something wrong with your morality and ethics . 
  how about zero tolerance for genital mutilation , period ? 
  male or female , they 're still genitals . 
  if an adult wants to do it to themselves , by all means . 
  but i do n't think it should be wrong for me to say leave all kids genitals alone !, 
  i think the icelanders have something similar as well . 
  it 's about keeping the language more `` pure '' . 
  if you think the french are bad for this though , you have n't met the quebec french language police . 
  yea since you pointed it out as a double barrel question , that makes sense ... but honestly i do n't think a lot of people who are ok with equal marriage are going to answer no simply because they do n't agree with the eu . 
  that 's just my guess though . 
  i wonder what the other questions in the survey were like , and if they were also geared to determining public opinion on various issues , or whether they were more about how they felt about the eu legislating those issues . 
  ah , so some might be in favour of equal rights for marriage , but be opposed to the eu legislating it ? 
  maybe it 's just me , but for me , marriages should be equal * and * are a human right . 
  as such , it 's the kind of thing that i would think would fall into the eu 's prerogative - ensuring equal rights for eu citizens . 
  what 's your particular issue with the wording of the question ? 
  it can change so quickly because the vast majority of peoples ' opinions are n't their own , they 're merely parroting what someone else has said . 
  people do n't have their opinions based on reasoning things out , they generally go with the flow and `` think '' or profess to think that which has already been said . 
  it 's tempered mostly by their emotions and experiences , rather than logic and reasoning . 
  think of how many beliefs you might have . 
  how did you come to get them ? 
  was it something someone said when you were younger ? 
  something you might have read ? 
  or did you sit down and decide by working through your principles , and researching the reasoning of others ? 
  when someone as powerful as the president of the united states says something , you can be sure that it 'll reverberate and mould the opinions of those that hear . 
  i 'm not suggesting that this is necessarily a bad thing , or a good thing , but rather a thing that happens . 
  i 'd personally like to see more people reason out their opinions for themselves , but quite frankly , who has the time for that when there 's so much on the tv/reddit/etc . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  i for one would love to pay extra for a feature from which i get absolutely no benefit . 
  / s i do n't think that this would do anything to prevent unlicensed/uninsured drivers , as they would simply bypass the device somehow . 
  i have a canadian driver 's license , and am curious if it 's easier to get an eu driving license in one country or another ? 
  cz has annoying driving schools that cost at least 320 euro , as my canadian license is n't transferrable . 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  this is the most long winded , ridiculous , full of fallacy piece of crap i 've ever read . 
   perhaps , one day , corporations will come to `` own '' the dna from which children are produced , entitling them to `` licensing fees '' ( so that a child might `` owe '' its health or beauty to general motors ) . 
  perhaps , in the not-too-distant future , faces will be patented , and particularly desirable genes will either be distributed universally or awarded to the highest parental bidder . 
  what seems less likely is that the status of parenthood as such will simply disappear . 
  what is the author smoking ? 
   as long as this is so , there is a special place for marriage understood as it has always been understood . 
  oh , so because you understand marriage as defined as the way you define it , then it should stay that way because that 's the way you 've defined it . 
   if it is discriminatory to deny gay couples the right to `` marry , '' is it not equally unfair to deny living individuals the right to attend their own `` funerals '' ? 
  the argument is if we can change the definition of one word , then we can change the definition of any word !, 
  the whole `` argument '' in this pdf is that it 's a slippery slope , and if we redefine one thing it 'll mean we can redefine anything , and ultimately it takes away the `` special meaning '' behind marriage . 
  there 's nothing liberal about this specious argument . 
  at this point , page 8 of 16 pages in this ridiculous diatribe , i 've decided to stop reading , as the `` arguments '' presented are fallacious and ridiculous . 
  if you redefine `` liberal '' to mean long winded , fallacious , and full of nonsense , then this is indeed the most liberal argument against gay marriage . 
  not one single study supports that assertion . 
  not one . 
  marriage is n't about reproduction , otherwise infertile couples would n't be allowed to marry . 
  legal conception of marriage . 
  you 're not very smart . 
  it 's true . 
  in france you ca n't get married unless you can prove that both man and ~ ~ husband ~ ~ wife are fertile , and will have sex without a condom the night of the marriage , and at least every other night after that , until such time as the wife is found to be pregnant and produces at least one offspring . 
  if that fails to happen within 2 years then the marriage is immediately dissolved and the man and the wife 's names are placed on a register of `` peux pas marrier '' ( may not marry ) list as they have been shown to be unable to breed , which is against the good of the social contract , and as such are not eligible for any rights , privileges , upgrades , or discounts over 13 % normally associated with married couples in good standing ( eg have one or more biologically related children ) . 
  edit : accidentally gay married, 
  i do n't understand * any * of the arguments against marriage equality . 
  every single one has been disproved or disqualified as a concern by the other countries that have pushed through marriage equality . 
  canada has had equal marriage rights for what 8 years now ? 
  has the fact that 2 guys can be married in canada affected anyone 's life negatively , * anywhere * ? 
  if you 're against marriage equality , you 're against equality . 
  period . 
  you 're not doing it to `` preserve '' anything , you 're doing it because you do n't like a group of people . 
  that kinda misses the point . 
  this is mainly a research hospital , and a hospital set up for pretty bad , hopefully never , occurrences . 
  normal/regular hospitals are n't designed for dealing with the kind of contagious stuff that this hospital is designed for . 
  no , have better things to do like eat and drink and play with toys . 
  why bore myself with silly stories recited by pedophiles/pedophile protectors ? 
  no personal experience here in prague , czech republic , but from my family 's experiences here and what they 've told me , if it 's something urgent it gets handled very quickly . 
  a friend of my aunt 's had testicular cancer , and had the surgery within two days . 
  my brother in canada got the same surgery within 2 weeks , iirc . 
  when this debate comes up , remind your american friends that those who ca n't afford to see a doctor may miss out on surgery entirely , or wait until it 's too late ( and then go to the er ) . 
  the under-insured and uninsured decreases the wait times to see a doctor in the us ( but of course increase the wait times in the er , as people use it as their only resort to receive treatment . 
  remember mitt romney said that 's what er 's are for ) . 
   well , you 'd have to be a moron to stick around if the state decided to tax you at 75 % or 91 % or whatever . 
  that or be like jk rowling who says she wants her kids to grow up in the same great britain that she grew up in . 
  you know , a patriot . 
   with that mentality , where you think it 's ok to not minimise your expenses , you 'll never ever be rich . 
  they did n't got to where they are now by going `` i know i 'm wasting money that i could be saving but fuck it , i already have plenty '' . 
  that 's true . 
  most rich people made their money by clipping coupons and making sure all the lights were off when people left the room !, 
  see the thing is i do n't see it as unreasonable . 
  you know what i think is unreasonable ? 
  people buying $ 100m houses ( see versailles , florida ) . 
  i think it 's unreasonable that anyone can earn hundreds of times more than what a hardworking person can ever earn . 
  i find it unreasonable that people can amass huge amounts of wealth , and then can use that wealth to attempt to gain political power or control those who do . 
  i find it unreasonable that the kiddies of these people inherit a platinum diamond crusted spoon in their mouths , and 100 more of them in their little baby pyjama pockets . 
  i think that corrupts society , creates an economic `` royalty '' and does n't make anyone happier . 
  so yea , tax the wealthy to the max .
