  crimeans should remember that , and the russians really have no legitimate right to be in ukraine right now ( aside from the bases they are renting ) . 
  may i suggest you do n't call people animals . 
  i see this on my facebook feed from russians who are calling the ukrainians animals . 
  these are people . 
  they 're all people . 
  nothing will be achieved by dehumanizing someone . 
  everyone needs to take a deep breath , go home ( especially if they are not from ukraine ) , and then follow the established procedures for dealing with this issue . 
  if crimea wants to separate from ukraine , then they need to have an all-ukrainian vote on it . 
  well thankfully the russians do n't * really * have any troops in ukraine anyway right , i mean all you have to do is take off the russian flags and licence plates on your vehicles and bada bing no problemo . 
  how do you realize the negative impacts of a drug bust , and not realize that there are no positives in this ? 
  no one is going to get cured of their addiction . 
  it 's not going to cut demand one iota . 
  take the heroin , ensure that it 's pure , and then * give it * to addicts . 
  drug dealers ca n't compete with free , addicts do n't need to commit crimes to get their fix , and you have a chance to help the addict . 
  offer up a chance to get medicine ( say , suboxone ) . 
  a chance to get out of that world . 
  at the least , test them for hiv/hep etc. 
  reduce the harm . 
  the war on drugs is clearly failing , it 's time for a new approach . 
  and yes - this 'll mean a flood of addicts to cz . 
  what can ya do . 
   creationists try to use scientific models . 
  oof , no , they do n't . 
  the `` intelligent design '' creationists pretend to , but they do n't actually use any science . 
  they simply point at things they do n't understand or have n't bothered to study and go `` ca n't explain that ! '', 
  ( tides go in , tides go out ! ), 
  and therefore gods , qed . 
  creationists who are n't afraid of calling themselves creationists do n't even play pretend , and simply just go along the lines of `` it 's in the bible , my gods wrote it , so that 's the truth , and that 's it . '', 
  they dismiss science as completely ineffectual ( except for when it gives them technology that they use ) . 
  riiight . . they 've never [ spread misinformation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catholic_church_and_hiv/aids ) about aids and condoms . 
  and if life really begins at conception , which is why they claim they are against condoms in the first place , how is it that they conveniently ignore the [ 50 % or so spontaneous miscarriages ] ( http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/001488.htm ) ? 
  what is that , their deity just creating life and destroying it for the fun of it ? 
  your position is not supported by the facts . 
   the pope ( if i should choose one `` standard '' branch of christianity ) does n't seem to want to interfere to much with science . 
  hm , do you really want to use the catholic church as an example of religion not interfering with science ? 
  really ? 
  condoms and aids anyone ? 
  contraception in general even ? 
  the thing is , just saying that there are gods interferes with the scientific world view . 
  there 's as much evidence for zeus and thor and odin as there is for jesus ( the biblical character ) and yaweh . 
  once you believe that any one of those deities is a real thing , you 've lost some grip on your scientific understanding of the universe . 
   it would be a bit like if i was a atheist would say that god must be evil by using boolean logic in some most likely possible way . 
  nobody serious goes around doing that , because it would be fucking silly . 
  actually , atheists have been doing that for a long time . 
   `` is god willing to prevent evil , but not able ? 
  then he is not omnipotent . 
  is he able , but not willing ? 
  then he is malevolent . 
  is he both able and willing ? 
  then whence cometh evil ? 
  is he neither able nor willing ? 
  then why call him god ? '' - epicurus science and religion offer two viewpoints on the universe that are fundamentally incompatible . 
  science says we 've got real stuff here , we can figure this out . 
  religion says `` it 's magic ! '' . 
  creationists take that incompatible view to the farthest possible result to the point that it looks ridiculous even to the moderately religious . 
  they are n't `` abusing '' science , they 've abandoned ( or in some cases , were never properly introduced ) it completely . 
  ah . . so `` creationism '' vs `` creation '' . 
  the thing is , creationism is just an interpretation of the creation stories in the bible ( there are two , and they contradict each other within just a few pages ) . 
  and from a religious perspective , it kinda makes sense . 
  creationists make the point that if you are you going to start calling some parts of the bible as metaphors , then what 's to say the whole thing is n't a metaphor and none of it is real ? 
  let 's be honest - you ca n't really be religious without perverting science . 
  the second you start talking about supernatural imaginary beings , you 've left the realm of science . 
  creationists just take that to its natural next step . 
  creationism is n't in the bible ? 
  huh ? 
  its called genesis , and its literally the first chapter . 
  the damn book even starts with `` in the beginning . . '', 
  dumbass , maybe read the dsm-iv article i linked . 
  maybe read the history in regards to homosexuality and how it was treated by the medical community . 
  like i said - 50 years ago , people like you were in the norm . 
  and then science caught up . 
  50 years ago , black and white people mixing was unsavoury . 
  it was distasteful . 
  i 'm sure you could find that some doctors thought it would lead to all manner of illness . 
  do i need to find some studies to prove that scientifically race mixing is ok ? 
  or is it enough that we just know that that 's the case . 
  you said being gay is being mentally ill . you then compared it to pedophilia . 
  you have two gay friends . 
  lol , right . 
  point them to this thread , and let 's see how long they 'll be your friends after they find out that you think they 're sick in the head , and comparable to pedophiles . 
  you 're a terrible , terrible person . 
  you are not the definition of tolerance . 
  you 're a bigot . 
  how many gay friends do you have ? 
  i 'm guessing zero . 
  do you tell them not to `` act '' gay around you so that you feel comfortable ? 
  do you stay away from gay people , because you find them unsavoury ? 
  and you think you 're tolerant . 
  lol you 're getting mad because i 'm pointing out how wrong you are . 
  wait till i tell you that i used to think like you . 
  that i used to find gay people unsavoury . 
  especially the flamboyant ones . 
  oh boy , did they ever annoy the shit out of me . 
  and then i found out that occasionally sucking cock is n't that bad . 
  you should try it sometime . 
  people like you , who want to treat homosexuals as sick , you have a problem with it because you do n't like the thought of it . 
  you do n't like how secretly it excites you . 
  so call it a mental illness . 
  hope that science can cure it . 
  in the meantime , keep 'em away because the temptation . . oh , no sorry , i meant to say `` because they 're so distasteful '' .
