  ubi must be 1 ) permanent 2 ) universal 3 ) sufficient to live off of these tests that they are doing are none of the above . 
  how do you run that experiment ? 
  of finding out the right value ? 
  is it possible to run it , given our current political and economic set up , where economic control is not in the hands of the people , or even free markets , but a select few ? 
  how would you even do this , on a large scale ? 
  i think the experiments and tests we are seeing are limited because the political system is antiquated , and we 're trying to shove a large square through a small hole , because the small holes are the only ones we can think of . 
  i think that we 're not going to see any real progress on ubi as long as we have elected representatives - whether they are parliamentary or a congress makes no difference . 
  ubi is about a more equitable distribution of wealth . 
  that can not happen if there is n't an equitable distribution of political power , which needs a completely different approach to government . 
  it 's going to be a democracy , but not like one we 've experienced yet ( in large part because i think it 'll need new technology to be built ) . 
  if we had an equitable distribution of political power , and the associated technological framework that that would require , then we could begin to ask ourselves questions about ubi , mainly what should we expect from it . 
  would it be a vote ? 
  no , i do n't think so , not in the way you might imagine ( eg ubi should be x money per unit time , etc ) . 
  voters do n't have any more information than anyone else , so while there might be some wisdom to the crowd , i do n't think that putting it to a vote would make any sense . 
  what would the options be , in this hypothetical vote ? 
  who would suggest them ? 
  what merit would any of the options have over each other ? 
  i think , given political equality , we 'd rethink how money works entirely , and that would allow us to figure out the details without deceiving ourselves with meaningless half-assed tests and experiments that do n't meet any of the conditions for ubi . 
  i stand by my reasoning that bad trials are worse than no trials at all , as they send the wrong message . 
  bad science is not better than no science . 
  the spaghetti at the end is inedible . 
  i think you need a equal democracy - where all its member have the same share of political power - to figure out what the ubi needs to be . 
  right now , due to our use of elected representatives , political power is concentrated in the hands of the few , and the rest of us are dealt a pittance in the form of a token vote which are by and large meaningless - even if you get to pick the best candidate , which by and large you do n't as they 're selected by far more powerful interests and are thus beholden to those interests . 
  once in office , they must compromise in order to achieve anything . 
  this is how you get 100 people who all claim to be against poverty , or war , or hunger , and end up with a society that has poverty , has people going hungry , and goes to war . 
  i think when it does work , it 's by and large due to luck or other considerations , and when it does n't , it 's blamed on the people within it , rather than on the design itself . 
  this is why we get these pathetic , half-hearted trials and tests - the people who have the lions share of power , and thus wealth , really do n't want to see an equitable distribution of power or wealth , or if they do , they are forced to compromise , either serving raw spaghetti or overcooked spaghetti , because the ideal is simply not attainable when you cook by committee . 
  why is it better ? 
  it 's like saying it 's better to cook spaghetti for 30 minutes rather than 2 minutes . 
  who is to say one is better than the other ? 
  all this will do is get people to think `` oh , ubi . 
  they tried that and it did n't work . '', 
  because it was n't ubi !, 
  what this really is , is a rehashed welfare/unemployment scheme . 
  call it that , not something that it is n't . 
  capitalism and automation are going to work beautifully - both are working phenomenally well for those who hold the political power . 
  automation is n't the problem ( it 's a decidedly good thing to cut down on drudgery and increase efficiency ) capitalism is n't the problem ( granted , we 've set the starting conditions to be decidedly unfair but that 's irrespective of capitalism ) . 
  globalization is not the problem . 
  the real issue here is n't ubi - how much it pays , who it pays , when it pays , etc. 
  it 's who is * controlling * those factors . 
  elected representatives who are ( or will be , if you think your country 's governments are immune just give it time ) beholden to special interests , banks who essentially control money - those who can leverage their financial power for political power means we 're going to see diddly ubi-esque programs that fail to provide a decent standard of living , exactly like this program does . 
  until we address the root issue - the problem of our outdated forms of government - we 're going to see more of the same , and i think it does us a disservice to not call it out for what it really is . 
  ubi is not just for unemployed . 
  ubi should n't just be supplementary . 
  it should be universal ( in the name ) and it should be enough to live on ( that 's what basic means - meeting the basic needs ) . 
  these ` experiments ' and tests are a joke . 
  he never wanted to be in russia in the first place . 
  the us cancelled his passport on the way to ecuador . 
  he has already been charged with espionage . 
  whistleblowing is n't a defence under the espionage act . 
  the deals are n't secret . 
  they do n't need to have secret deals . 
  that 's the whole point , that 's why this corruption is so brilliant . 
  plausible deniability all the way along , and enough saps will believe it . 
   you should have just mentioned that you are a pro trump idiot at the beginning . 
  read my comment history . 
  being anti billary does n't mean i 'm pro-trump . 
   hillary did nothing wrong , only uneducated people believe such nonsense . 
  you 're so smart to understand that this is just how it works , that famous people earn money all the time , and that does n't send any sort of message of any sort to politicians in power . 
  they 're too honest to notice any such message . 
  that 's why in 2008 rather than ensure the bankers who committed massive amounts of fraud , the credit agencies who all of a sudden became in the business of providing an ` opinion ' , all those folks who were fucking people over got exactly what they deserved . 
  bonuses and bail outs !, 
  only uneducated people can have a different opinion from you !, 
  this is the core , central thing you need to understand : * politician leaves office , accepts * tons * of money from special interests * politicians * in * office see this . 
  are they going to go after the people who will be paying them the big bucks after their turn at the wheel ? 
  hillary did nothing wrong !, 
  * sigh * . 
  lol . 
  read my comment history . 
  i called donald trump an orangutan with a dead squirrel on his head . 
  you could not dream up a worse candidate for president than trump , except for maybe hitler , and hitler would be a zombie . 
  zombie hitler is worse than trump , but that 's about it . 
  and he won over hillary . 
  now you might claim that that 's because trumpers are stupid . 
  or racist . 
  or whatever . 
  but the reality is that they called her crooked hillary for a reason , and the reason is that they see her as an embodiment of this form of corruption . 
  that big money interests control politicians . 
  and they see that , and compare that to the worst candidate you could reasonably come up with , and go with him over her . 
  you need to understand that people do n't see it your way , and this is one of those questions that people will disagree about , because of the nature of the corruption . 
  but to many people , they see 2008 , they see the crisis and how it was handled around the world , and they know that big money interests are in charge . 
  i did n't need the worst presidential nominee ever to tell me this , i see it for myself . 
  you 're looking for emails saying `` give me $ 250,00 0 and i 'll do x for you in congress '' . 
  that 's the old way of doing it . 
  now , the conversation does n't have to be had . 
  there is plausible deniability . 
  it becomes a nudge , a reminder to the politician who will butter their bread when they 're out of office . 
  but yeah , far easier to imagine that the reason why hillary lost to the worst imaginable candidate ever was because of all the racists and bigots boo woo they did n't want a girly for a pwezident . 
  and your sunshine and lollypops view of the world remains , blissfully ignorant of reality . 
  `` buh buh celebrities get paid a lot of money tooo !! '', 
   and no , i would argue that the majority of politicians over here acts in good faith . 
  lol . 
  true believer this one . 
  lol . 
  where exactly is the conspiracy ? 
  these deals are done in plain sight for all to see . 
  current politicians see how the game is played , and you bet that they know who will butter their bread once they 've left office . 
  this is deferred corruption , plain and simple . 
  so that gives us the third option , which i left out because i was trying to be polite . 
  look , sorry , but i have to be blunt here .
