apples and oranges , mate . 
  8.3 % is not imperceptible , especially when you consider the ferry is travelling for 24 hours . 
  assuming they wanted the flag to be as small as say even 1 cm , that 's a 3 % difference . 
  tiny , pretty much impossible to tell the difference without an extremely precise ruler . 
  0.3 mm is an imperceptible difference . 
  expecting anything to be that precise , especially some sort of newspaper graphic , is ridiculous . 
  i 'm amazed by how many people have no problem with sending in police officers to bother people who have done nothing wrong , `` just to be safe '' . 
  there 's something absolutely wrong with that to me , not just from a financial perspective , but from a moral perspective . 
  yes , that 's fine . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about - emergency operators are trained to figure out if there 's actually something going on . 
  now imagine the conversation instead went `` no , i do n't '' when the operator asked if there was an emergency . 
  if the caller said `` no '' when asked if someone was in the room and preventing them from speaking freely . 
  at that point , the operator would be on good grounds to tell them to stop wasting peoples time . 
  but no - in this thread , you have a mass of idiots who want police to show up to every single call , regardless of how stupid . 
  must n't take any chances !, 
  do n't let the operator figure anything out , let 's just waste resources , because * you never know * . 
  actually , you can know , and your example clearly demonstrates this . 
  it 's a question of math . 
  number of idiots calling emergency services ( quite high ) vs number of highly trained emergency operators who * might * make a mistake , an unlikely mistake when someone is * clearly being an idiot * and abusing emergency services . 
  but it seems like there are a lot of people on here who are clearly incapable of making that distinction . 
  maybe the same number of people who think calling 911/112 over a flag is a good idea . 
  those people should not be emergency operators . 
  you know why they are ignoring domestic abuse calls ? 
  probably because they are stretched too thin . 
  stretched too thin by idiotic things like the war on drugs , or idiots calling about not getting enough french fries with their burger . 
  there 's a big difference between someone genuinely calling out for help , and some paranoid idiot who thinks that a blue flag with gold stars is somehow dangerous . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference , you just may be on the level of that idiot . 
  but drr , what if they are under duress ? 
  durr !, 
  yea , i think operators can make that call , too . 
  islamic state shmislamic state . 
  we 're talking about 10,000 idiots running around the middle east with guns and lots of oil money . 
  shit , wait , when did that change ? 
  oh yea , since never . 
  a flag is n't worth a police response . 
  it just ai n't . 
  right , because it 's impossible to distinguish whether or not someone is under duress , or if they are attempting to waste public resources by complaining about a * flag * . 
  good grief . 
  i love the straw men i 'm getting in this . 
  no one is suggesting that an operator should ignore calls on a whim . 
  it 's a question of is this person clearly being an idiot and abusing the emergency services . 
  if they are , then i think we 'd all be better off if the emergency services were available for actual emergencies , rather than idiots wasting everyone 's time . 
  but what if the body was your kid ?!!? 
  ( ca n't wait for this argument ), 
  sorry , but your approach also makes that a distinct possibility . 
  by responding to every call , no matter how clearly stupid , there 's a good chance police will be busy with nonsense instead of being available for an actual emergency . 
  on top of that , your approach guarantees the need for a bigger police department than an area actually needs , so as to service every idiotic call . 
  right , which is a point where they could say `` hm , maybe we can reduce the police budget rather than paying people to sit around waiting for someone to call about something completely pointless . '', 
  yes , a community needs a police force , but there is such a thing as having too much police . 
  yes , and in that situation the operator could presumably figure out what 's going on . 
  in this situation , you have someone calling over a flag . 
  there 's no yelling/screaming in the background . 
  the caller is probably not freaked out and is responding normally . 
  at that point , the operator should be able to figure out that this caller is a complete idiot , and no , they 're not going to deal with it . 
  emergency operators are mostly smart enough to figure out what needs a response and what does n't , we do n't need a `` zero tolerance '' approach where every call immediately requires the cavalry to be sent . 
  in this case , it sounds more like a zero tolerance approach than allowing the operator to deduce that a complaint about a fucking flag does n't warrant any one looking into it . 
  because there 's a limited number of police , and they need to respond to actual emergencies . 
  the operator already does decide what warrants what level of response , and there certainly should be a `` please do n't abuse this service * click * '' response . 
  in the event of domestic abuse , the caller could easily start making up some conversation that clearly does n't jive . 
  the operator could deduce that the caller is in trouble . 
  but if you call up , and coherently complain that really at issue is a * flag * , operator asks and confirms that 's what the issue is , caller responds coherently and without any clear distress , then it 's pretty obvious to see that the caller is an idiot . 
  what you 're talking about is a `` zero exception '' approach . 
  this `` no thinking , just do x * every single time * '' . 
  those approaches are stupid , wasteful , and result in more bullshit for everyone . 
  oh come on . 
  do they ? 
  would the police send out officers if you called them to tell them that you ca n't find your ice cream spoon ? 
  or could they have just said `` sir , you 're too stupid to be using a phone , please do n't call us again . '', 
  drugs do n't create crime - the criminalization of drugs creates crime . 
  obviously , if drugs are legal , then crime rates would go down ( less actions would qualify as crimes ) . 
  but if you take it a step further , and * give drugs * to addicts ( through a government program ) you could reduce crime even further . 
  rather than smashing into a car window to steal a few euro for their next fix , addicts could get their drugs for free , from a nurse or doctor who could also counsel them in options to treat their addiction . 
  think about that - instead of paying police to write up a report , go arrest someone ( hah ) , take that person to court , take that person to jail or some `` treatment '' program that hardly ever works ( as they 're forced into it , and do n't really want to change at that point ) , you pay your insurance or for the repair of the car or the deductible , etc , etc , instead we just tell the addict go here , get your drugs , take them there , leave behind the needles in a safe drop box , etc , etc. 
  so much cheaper , and you get a chance to connect with the patient rather than pushing them to dealers who do n't want them to stop . 
  where on earth do you get the idea that fructose is healthier than sucrose ( which is half fructose ) or glucose ( the other half of sucrose ? ) . 
  fructose is processed in your body much like alcohol . 
  if you think alcohol is healthy for you , then yea , i guess you 're right . 
  i 'd rather listen to a [ a doctor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbnniua6-om ) ( 90 minutes or so ) who explains how sucrose , and specifically fructose , is broken down by your body . 
  a sweet bread dish with warm vanilla pudding . 
  can be served as a main meal , not just as a desert . 
  czech 's have a few dishes that are sweet but can be served as a main - [ potato dumplings with poppy seeds and sugar ] ( http://recepty.vareni.cz/bramborove-sisky-s-makem/ ) are another example , as well as [ zemlb\u00e1ba ] ( http://recepty.vareni.cz/cukrarska-nadychana-zemlovka-zemlbaba/ ) which is a bread soaked in milk , eggs with grated apples and cinnamon . 
  are these the best ? 
  depends what you are in the mood for . 
   i also like [ sv\u00ed\u010dkov\u00e1 ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=svickova&amp;oq=svickova&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.1607j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=91&amp;ie=utf-8 ) which is your more typical meat/dumplings/cream sauce dish . 
  puhfuckinglease . 
  the guy sounds exactly like a kremlin hire . 
  if you ca n't read his shit and immediately be able to see that the guy is lying , and or specifically pushing the russian government 's line , you should re-read it . 
  well , your complete lack of a counterargument has failed to sway my opinion . 
  thanks for that . 
  well , you have n't really offered a counter argument , aside from `` it 's a bad bet '' . 
  did you do the math ? 
  ( hard to do , considering i did n't give the payout of the bet ) . 
  you seem just to be disagreeing with me , without any reasoning . 
  you 're not making much of an argument for your case . 
  i did n't say he must be gay , i said i 'd bet on it . 
  odds are the reason why he has a problem with gays , to the point of having a problem with a dog doing something that might be perceived as gay , is that he has issues with his own sexuality . 
  it 's not a weird conclusion , considering the amount of times it 's happened before . 
  speaking from personal experience ( my own ) , it 's not unusual for queers or members of the gay/lesbian/bisexual community to lash out at others while they are still in the closet ( many times , in a conflicted state with their own sexuality ) . 
  they project this inner conflict outwards , and demand conformity and extra rules , to `` help '' them deal with their issues , rather than just accept themselves for who they are . 
  we see this a lot with ardent anti homosexuals in the us , who then eventually out themselves via a prostitute or some other such incident ( eg getting caught in airport bathrooms ) .
