  where do you see anywhere in my comment suggesting that i want the death penalty for pickpockets ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  my issue with this type of thing is we ca n't be certain you got the right person . 
  3-4 hours later , how are you completely certain you know you got the right person ? 
  what if the real criminal is out there and escapes , because the police are busy dealing with the vigilantes ? 
  if you catch a criminal red handed though , i see no issue with some immediate injection of justice , a few well directed fists to the mandible and nasal bridge , especially if there 's a history of the bastard getting away with it . 
  `` gee i do n't know officer , their face was that banged up when we caught them robbing/stealing/etc . '', 
  in the face , from 3 feet away . 
  boris , you 're an idiot . 
  police should n't have water cannons . 
  if your police need to use water cannons ( or other such force ) on your citizens , * you 're * the problem . 
  there 's something wrong with governments that handily use force like this on people . 
  ugh , you 're a fucking idiot . 
  honest q - why not ask docstoc to remove it ? 
  are you asking bing and yahoo and altavista and askjeeves and any other company that might index that page to remove it as well ? 
  and if they ca n't find the result now , is it just because their crawlers have n't found it yet . . ? 
  to me , unless the material is hosted to with google , i do n't see why google should have to take it down . 
  once the source takes it down , google should eventually stop linking it in its results . 
  right , because buying books means you 're never going to call out people for their stupid statements . 
  amazon.com - no results for gintarine sirdis amazon.de - no results for gintarine sirdis amazon.co.uk - no results for gintarine sirdis maybe you 're not aware of this , but the publishing industry is n't exactly swimming in cash . 
  companies try not to run afoul of local law , regardless of how despicable that local law is . 
  publishers who are accused of harming children are going to backtrack right quick if their main customers are parents . 
  i repeat my previous assertion - you 're stupid . 
  he does n't have any of the studies , because the studies that have been done on homosexual parents , or children who are exposed to homosexuals from an early age , all go against what he ( and other homophobes ) have said . 
  gay parents do n't raise anymore gay kids than straight parents do . 
  they raise more accepting kids , more open minded kids , but in the end they end up putting the pole in the hole as much as the offspring of straight parents . 
  then again , you 're talking with someone who mentioned [ he 's fine with bestiality . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/257iwt/lithuania_gay_fairy_tales_labelled_harmful_and/chen85u ) so , you 're not going to get a reasonable argument from him . 
  tolerating bigotry and stupidity ( and bestiality !, 
  ) , making everyone a winner from day one . 
  awesome post , great job . 
  what you did is defend bigotry and ignorance . 
  rather than point out what 's wrong with their line of argument , you parrot it like there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  so yea , i 'm going to rip you a new one for it . 
  and if you 're okay with people sleeping with horses , you 've got a problem . 
  and who the fuck is going to sell a childrens book that is banned for children ? 
  whose going to put their neck out on the line ? 
  fuck , you 're stupid . 
  seeing how it 's a book targeted towards children , and it 's been banned from children , then it 's banned ? 
  or do words not mean anything anymore ? 
  good grief . 
  huh , so all you have to do is prove that being exposed to lgbtq issues at an early age actually has an effect on an adult 's sexual orientation . 
  here 's your first data point - my family did not at all expose me to lgtbq concepts or issues as a youngster ( nor did they to my siblings ) . 
  and yet somehow , here i am , a bisexual man . 
  dude , you 're position is not based on science . 
  it 's based on ignorance . 
  you 're making this stupid assumption that 's been all but disproven , and using it to ban books . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  this is 4 questions , 3 of which are demographic , and 1 is an open ended text entry . 
  i 'm not sure how you can garner any real data from this . 
  part of me thinks that we 're not getting the full story here . 
  wait what , governments lying about casualty numbers ? 
  that 's never happened in war before , i must be crazy . 
  thing is - bbc was reporting they 're seeing these `` rebels '' dressed up in uniform , in a standard way , something they have n't seen in other rebellions . 
  then we have the fact that these guys are carrying some heavy hardware . 
  we have clearly russian troops parading about crimea , sans russian decorations , and then putin eventually admits that there were russian troops there . 
  that and the large buildup of russian troops along the border , this does n't take a math genius to add up . 
  at what point are we going to drop the charade and admit that russia has invaded the ukraine , has troops on the ground , and the war has already been started ? 
  oh , no , they have every right to demonstrate . 
  and i have every right to call them idiots for supporting russia in their invasion of ukraine . 
  these were n't communists , they 're just buying into russian propaganda about `` freeing '' ukraine . 
  which in cz is doubly ironic , because the ussr invaded in ' 68 , saying the exact same thing . 
  idiots . . idiots everywhere !, 
  listening to the bbc , it seems like the `` uprisers '' in the east are professional military . 
  hm , who do we know in that area that has a professional military mobilized . 
  who could it be ... who could it be . . could it be ... ... putin ? 
  seeing how they lied about being in crimea , and that we 're talking about a former kgb who is now a politician , i see zero reason to think that putin is telling the truth when he says russia does n't have troops in the eastern ukraine already . 
  so the question is , when will western governments have to stop pretending that it 's just russian `` supporters '' but in actuality the russian military that 's stirring shit up in the east . 
  of course , the russians have their own people convinced of this bogus nonsense as well . 
  the old ` they need our help !, 
  they 're being oppressed ! ` they 'll yell . 
  they told the czechoslovaks that in '68 as well . 
  america has already pledged to intervene when russia 's current role becomes more clear . 
  ( as it stands , it looks like russia already has troops there that are pretending to be local militia . . but it 's clear that they are professional soldiers with professional gear ) . 
  i do n't know about you , but short of the recent syrian mess , america is n't too keen on backing away from a war . 
  it 's their bread and butter . 
  once they decide to engage , do you think europe will stand back ? 
  that being said - wtf , these nations have nuclear arms . 
  not a good idea eh . 
  go to new zealand , or pretty much any other island . 
  there the effect is quite a bit more clear . 
  your anecdotal experience , not surprisingly , does n't necessarily reflect reality . 
  except they kill a lot songbirds . 
   he did betray his country when he intentionally stole millions of classified documents about the us government espionage activities against other governments and foreign entities . 
  governments have the right to do stuff only at the behest of the people . 
  if the people do n't know what 's going on , then it 's no longer a government by the people for the people . 
  it 's cowards who forget what it means to be a free person , who think that the government is some sort of super special organization that 's designed to keep them `` safe '' at any cost against the `` bad guys '' so they can do whatever they want , that are the real traitors . 
  these idiots will rave about `` terrorists '' but at the same time get pissed off that they have an obligation to pay into healthcare , and ignore the 400,000 killed annually by tobacco ( what is that like , 130\u00a09/11 s ? 
  math is n't their strong suit , either . ), 
  the entire world has a right to know what these governments ( not just the us , but all of 'em ) are up to . 
  also - check out belarus . 
  wow , and where exactly did i say that the czech republic is # 1 in good government ? 
  pretty pathetic that you have to resort to that , rather than realize that things are n't all peachy back home . 
  as for freedoms - i can drink a beer here on the street , smoke and grow ( up to 5 plants ) pot , i can say what i want , leave and enter the country without having to say a word to any government official . . so yea , maybe you do n't want to compare it to the czech republic ( whose constitution is modeled after the american one . 
  but ya did n't know that , did ya . ), 
  stop being such an ignorant `` patriot '' . 
  you 're doing your fellow countrymen a serious disservice . 
  right , because america really has a serious choice when it comes to its elections , not like the democrats and the republicans control who can enter that debate . 
  america 's system is n't geared to a plutocracy , it really is `` we the people '' and not just a handful that decide what policy is going to be . 
  america 's electoral system is n't some sort of massive legalized corruption , with a 99 % reelection rate for incumbents .
