  and the freedom !, 
  americans are so free , why they have the fewest people in jail per capita in the entire world !, 
  why , the nsa is hardly ever handing your phone records over to the dea so that they can reverse engineer criminal prosecutions !, 
  that 's all tin hat stuff , and that crazy nut snowden and all his documents and conspiracy theories !, 
  good grief . 
  you call yourself rebellious ? 
  does the boa stand for bank of america ? 
  pathetic . 
  we do n't disagree that putin has invaded other countries . 
  you 're the second person who might have misunderstood what i wrote re `` you 've got putin taking chunks of other countries '' . 
  that 's a statement of fact that this guy is violating international law . 
  erm , no , i 'm not minimizing what putin has done . 
  he invaded and stole a chunk of another country . 
  that shit ai n't right . 
  in the same breath , i 'm saying if you think obama ( or any of the recent us presidents ) is that much better than putin , then you 're sadly mistaken . 
  he did n't betray his country . 
  he 's not the one violating the constitution and spying on citizens . 
  he 's also in a tough spot . 
  we do n't know what kinda pressure putin is putting on him , less putin finds snowden has overstayed his welcome and they ask him to leave ( which would inevitably end up with snowden being in a dungeon for the rest of his life ) . 
  it 's safe to say that at this point , any new talks from snowden should be viewed in that light . 
  as for putin v. obama ( or `` smarter '' bush as some people call him ) i 'd say that they are one and the same . 
  you 've got obama droning people all over the world , and you 've got putin taking chunks of other countries . 
  ( hm , has the us invaded any other countries of late , i do n't remember ) . 
  if you 've got a service provider whose willing to hack your phone , whether or not you have a sim card wo n't help . 
   am i missing the significance of this ? 
  i always thought switching out a sim when traveling was an incredibly easy way to switch to that carrier . 
  the sim card is an unnecessary step . 
  imagine being able to go into your phone settings , and changing the network provider right there , buying services from them immediately . 
  all the settings can be digitally sent rather than on a sim card . 
  the unnecessary bit is having the sim card in the first place . 
  imagine buying a phone , turning it on and buying any mobile coverage from any provider right there , with no need to take apart your phone . 
  that 's technologically possible , but carriers have been averse to it ( as it would make it easier to change providers ) . 
  i 'm curious if russians were to read this , would they dismiss it off hand ? 
  mark it as left wing blather ? 
  the rantings of someone whose job is to not inform , but to propagandize and increase fear of the state , despite the country being in such great shape ? 
  ( well , maybe not for the typical reader , but do n't worry , they 'll get there soon enough ) . 
  the government might be not giving a free pass to journalists , but the government needs to be strong to protect the people . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  right ? 
  and as you imagine this typical russian , dismissing this off hand , ask yourself how much better off is the us ? 
  yes , there is independent media to some extent , but how much of it is n't cow-towing to the state ? 
  how much of it is n't crazy haired fools smashing buttons behind desks yelling about how you 'll get rich quick , if only you just watch his show and listen to his crazy rants ? 
  how much of it is just whitewashed , one or two talking heads spouting scripted opinions to be parroted by office workers come the next work day ? 
  how many americans listen to npr 's on the media ? 
  less than 2 million . 
  how many are aware that their government is not anymore transparent , not anymore fair than say the kremlin ? 
  ( to be fair , we 're talking dhs and homeland security here . 
  maybe the usda has a better response to foia requests , but not by much ) . 
  how many are aware that the vast majority of retirees , or people planning to retire , are getting screwed by wall st ? 
  not too many , considering almost none watch pbs 's frontline . 
  no , they 're watching some garbage network , getting what passes for news but might as well be an extension for the commercials in between segments . 
  but even now , people reading this comment will dismiss it . 
  they 'll say meh , this is just some leftwing ( or rightwing ) rant of some ( eco/libertarian/insert adjective ) loon meant to discredit the us , and its `` acceptable '' government . 
  things are n't that bad . 
  right ? 
  erm , the `` referendum '' had two answers - `` yes , join russia now . '', 
  `` yes , join russia later '' . 
  also , a foreign military was on the ground , the whole thing was done over a small course of time ( compared to other , more legitimate referendums ) and according to the ukraine 's constitution , was illegal ( as redefining the borders is an all-ukraine vote ) . 
  then consider that russia has armed forces in eastern ukraine . 
  despite putin 's empty promises , he 's not limiting himself to `` just '' crimea . 
  the / s is for sarcasm . 
  bike riders ( and i used to ride quite a bit ) are notorious for thinking that the rules do n't apply to them . 
  side * walk * , you bastards . 
  i 'm not sure fines really do much to stop people from disobeying those sort of rules . 
  if the risk of death is n't enough to stop them , what 's the risk of a couple hundred euro fine going to do ? 
  except that does n't really make too much sense . 
  here in cz it 's the same , i have to go to a pharmacy for some paracetamol . 
  do they warn me about any of it ? 
  ask me if i 'm taking anything with it ? 
  etc etc ? 
  they just sell it to me at an extravagant price . 
  ( in north america , it 's not uncommon to get aspirin/tylenol/etc for 1/10th per pill as here ) . 
  wan na buy something innocuous but contains medicinal ingredients ? 
  have to go to a pharmacy , and ask them for it . 
  i could have easily picked it up from a store shelf , and saved myself the trouble of having to explain to the pharmacist that such and such embarrassing/minor condition is being experienced . 
  yeah , i did . 
  i completely disapprove of the behavior . 
  they 're acting in a completely unacceptable manner . 
  the issue i have is when we start dehumanizing them . 
  call 'em fucking idiots ( which they were behaving as ) but it 's this idea that they 're animals , ugh that just rubs me the wrong way . 
  ( and yea , we 're all animals , we 're all big apes , i know . ), 
  the cons far outweigh any pros in using that sort of language . 
  there 's literally no benefit to calling people names and dehumanizing them . 
  none . 
  you might be justified in saying it , but does it actually get those people to reassess their actions ? 
  or those who support russia 's intrusion into the ukraine ? 
  i doubt it . 
  the key thing here is when i saw russians on my facebook call ukrainians animals ( in clashes with the police ) , it was disturbing to say the least . 
  to see people doing the exact same thing here in somewhat similar circumstances is just as disturbing - i 'd be a hypocrite if i did n't at least say something . 
  yea , i think that 's a better standard than having a foreign army come in , set land-mines and basically annex a part of a country . 
  i 'll also suggest that you look at my country flag . 
  czechoslovakia peacefully split up . 
  i 'm also canadian , where we had ( some say still have ) separatists who want to separate from canada . 
  canada put it to a vote as well ( well , in quebec ) , and the separatists lost . 
  things were violent for a bit back in the day , but nowadays quebec is mostly happily a part of canada . 
  * sigh * the problem is calling them animals does n't help anything . 
  it just serves to froth up anger and stir the pot for more violence . 
  is that really the solution here , remembering that ukraine 's army is a tiny fraction of russia 's , and it 's unlikely that the west will intervene ? 
  yea , that question , and it 's two `` yes '' answers were pretty stupid , and i do n't think legal . 
  ukraine 's constitution requires an all ukraine vote when it comes to redefining borders .
