  which is why here in cz , everyone is tested for fertility before being allowed to marry . 
  also , homes are searched and any and all condoms are removed to ensure sex will produce offspring . 
  ( yes , we also spy on couples to make sure they are putting it in the right hole ) . 
  a quibble with your variable name `` gayrights '' . 
  what 's a gay right ? 
  to suck cock ? 
  many women do that . 
  take it up the pooper ? 
  more women do it than gay men ( women far outnumber gay men , and not all gay men enjoy getting it ) . 
  the word you 're looking for is human rights . 
  i do n't understand these people . 
  they have no argument to support what they are doing . 
  many countries have already adopted equal rights laws extending marriage rights to homosexuals . 
  those countries have n't fallen apart . 
  it has n't destroyed anything , just allowed more people to enjoy the same rights and benefits . 
  bigots need to realize that they 're on the losing side . 
  progress will push them into the dustbin of history . 
  i know that people still listen to them . 
  my point is that they should n't . 
  anyone with any money in any investments should realize that the whole thing is set up to scam as much money from us as possible . 
  triple a ratings are meaningless . 
  sivs , cdos , sdos , etc. 
  all that stuff is junk designed to extract commissions for bankers . 
  rating agencies give their `` opinions '' on these things without even examining them thoroughly , and if their opinion turns out to be wrong , well , legally it 's just their `` opinion '' and they ca n't be held responsible . 
  these rating agencies need be put out of business already . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  the point i 'm making is that these rating agencies are shit . 
  investors should n't listen to them , because the ratings are just `` opinions '' worth nothing . 
  case in point , they rated subprime mortgage backed securities full of worthless loans as triple a. 
  people need to remember that when these same idiots come out and say a country is no longer worthy of their `` aaa '' rating . 
  it 's silly to pretend like we 're not all invested in the economy . 
  of course we are . 
  and it 's time we stop accepting that these buffoons know a damn thing , and that their opinions are worth anything at all . 
  granted , but we should remind these people that these ratings agencies ( and banks ) are playing us for chumps . 
  that their `` opinions '' are just that , and pretty much worthless when it really matters . 
  so these doofuses who rated garbage derivatives as aaa and ignored any and all obvious fraud , and that these financial instruments are basically scams to get investors to pay money to banks has cut the rating of a country ? 
  and we should care what these losers say , why exactly ? 
   our politicians are afraid of us . 
  that 's the way it should be . 
  people should n't be afraid of their government , their government should be afraid that their people do n't like them ( and that that will have repercussions for the government ) . 
   it 's a baseless fear since there is just no way this country is ever going to go up in flames about this , but nobody ever said fear was rational . 
  i do n't know , i think that as they take more and more of these aggressive actions against protesters , there 's more and more cause for protesters to act ( and for others to join them ) . 
  i think eventually it 'll hit a boiling point , and enough people will have had enough and bring their anger to the forefront . 
  sadly , because the political system ( pretty much anywhere ) is so corrupt , this leaves people without a voice . 
  and when people do n't have a voice , they make themselves heard in other ways . 
  your religious freedoms end at someone elses . 
  wan na cut off your own dick ? 
  wan na cut off someone elses ? 
  nope , sorry , do n't care if you have some stupid book or tradition says it 's okay . 
  it 's that fucking easy , and it 's idiots who want to muddle it with other nonsense that are holding society back . 
  jews do n't have to leave , if they want to follow the laws and respect human rights . 
  if they view their religious bullshit as superceding the human rights afforded to all people , then they should go to some shithole that does n't care for human rights . 
  i 'm tired of repeating myself . 
  your points about slippery slope and other such nonsense are bullshit . 
   the very definition of who is jewish is by no means clear or answered , even in israel . 
  not sure where you get that opinion . 
  i 'm not jewish , but it 's generally the mother is jewish , then the son is jewish . 
  the israelis are n't exactly making it hard for jews to come `` home '' . 
  it 's kinda a big deal for them . 
  anyway , this is not germaine . 
   the question is what is `` harmful '' ? 
  already asked , and answered . 
  unnecessary medical procedures ( on top of the standard neglect that 's already illegal ) . 
   really ? 
  that 's your attitude in 2013 ? 
  jewish europeans are not foreigners or citizens of israel . 
  you have a funny mix of attitudes . 
  if they want to continue stone age behaviour , then they can go to a country that permits & encourages stone age behaviour . 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but their law of return pretty much makes it easy peasy for them to get israeli citizenship . 
  as for muslims who want to drag the stone age into europe , i 'm sure they could easily immigrate to some dirt hole that will happily accommodate them . 
  i do have a funny mix of attitudes . 
  i do n't believe we should be bombing other countries , or forcing them to get in line with our cultural values , but that goes both ways - people who want to drag europe down to their level can fuck right off . 
  as for civil liberties - i do n't believe parents have any liberty to harm their children , and there 's absolutely no need to discuss the parents ' religion and religious beliefs when a child 's well being is at question . 
  it 's as simple as that , and all this hand waving is trying to be politically correct and not insult the religious . 
  health and wellbeing of the child is more important than their relationship with their imaginary friend ( s ) . 
  i understand your listing arguments , and it 's not your own personal views . 
  but it 's 2013 , and it 's high time we start calling these arguments as what they are - bullshit . 
  the `` i 'm a parent and i have parental rights and where do we draw the line argument '' is bullshit , especially when it comes to unnecessary medical procedures . 
  jewish people who want to do that can go to their corner of the dirt hole , israel . 
  oh good grief . 
  you 're one of those people . 
  how about child marriage ? 
  bit of history there in the muslim religion at least . 
  shall we start to accept that as well ? 
  why not ? 
  religious freedom blah blah blah blah blah . 
  complete bollocks . 
  these religious idiots want to mutilate their kids ? 
  they can go back to an uncivilized dirt hole and do it there . 
  not in europe . 
  i hate this argument . 
  it 's a friggen easy line to draw - any medical procedure that is irreparable and done for no good medical reason . 
  as for the rest , if the child is being neglected then the state can already intercede . 
  i think it is a big deal . 
  and the biggest reason that there 's only two that have spoken out is because ... only a handful actually know what 's going on . 
  your senators are n't even allowed to tell other senators what they know !, 
  this is bad . 
  yes , there 's always been conspiracy theories that the nsa has been able to decrypt some of this tech , and that backdoors have been built in by way of agents ( saboteurs ) , but that was generally considered tinfoil hat stuff . 
  to see it confirmed via snowden is absolutely stunning . 
  also telling - they put the risk on * us * finding out about this as moderately low , and a higher risk on damaging `` industry relationships '' .
