  you do n't solve the problem of religion by tightening up laws on clothing . 
  you educate people , teach them to think critically and eventually they 'll see that their silly superstitious traditions are a huge waste of time , and possibly dangerous . 
  oppressing people by telling them what they can or ca n't wear ... that 's the religious position , why should secularists adopt it ? 
  * as for political opinions such as buttons or campaigning clothing , that is unprofessional , and should n't be allowed while on the clock . 
  freedom of expression is always tricky as to where to draw boundaries , but i think some article of religious expression being worn its understood that that 's a personal choice , whereas its a lot easier to see a boss ordering their employees to wear items that may express political opinions , or some other such uncomfortable situation , or be interpreted as an official endorsement of a politician/ideology . 
  gas line explosion . 
  witnesses reported smelling gas . 
  also , this was n't exactly parliament or the castle , just some standard building . 
  hopefully not too many injuries/fatalities , but i 'm not sure why this warrants anything more than local coverage . 
  as a canadian whose seen this crap ever since canada got the internet . 
  note the last line in the release - that their own iptv service is exempt from the bandwidth caps . 
  this goes to the heart of why they are doing this . 
  it is n't because of congestion or traffic management . 
  it 's because people are finding different sources of their content ( be it youtube or hulu or amazon or gray markets ) that directly compete with their tv offering . 
  so to give themselves an advantage , they limit how much content you can get from other providers , and make their own content more appealing by exempting it from limits . 
  germany , take a lesson from canada - this shit ai n't right , and you should be fighting it with everything you 've got . 
  you 're off base , chief . 
  do n't confuse religion with race . 
  all religions are equally stupid/wrong . 
  no religion should be permitted to disturb the peace . 
  ( even damn church bells ) . 
  op was saying that he thinks people who practice their religion should do so in * private * , which is kinda funny because the jesus character says the same thing in the bibble . 
  ( and the jesus is kinda a big deal in islam , as well ) . 
  * sigh * do you think that regardless of what risks you take with your money , you should never lose ? 
  how is that fair ? 
  how is that proper capitalism ? 
  the fact is , these banks were offering unheard of interest rates on deposits . 
  5 % when most everywhere else in the eurozone it 's less than 1-2 % . 
  do you think that that money is for free ? 
  that there 's no risk when you 're getting 2x-3x what everyone else is getting ? 
  cyprus , and the eu , are doing the right thing by giving haircuts on amounts over the uninsured limit . 
  stockholders , bondholders , and yes , even depositors ( above the insured limit ) should lose money when their investments are bad . 
  that 's how the market is * supposed * to work . 
  when did people forget how capitalism is supposed to work ? 
  i did n't say anything about high prices not dissuading consumption . 
  they provably do . 
  the point i made was that if you put the price too high , alternatives will become more attractive . 
  moonshine is one of those alternatives , and it presents additional risks . 
  government has to be careful of the law of unintended consequences . 
  i agree with some level of additional taxation on drugs , but am wary when the price goes so high that the black market or moonshine becomes an attractive alternative . 
  rather that taxing to that point , some level of taxation and a substantive approach on changing the culture of use ( dissuading binge drinking , etc. ), 
  might be a better choice . 
  it is , understandably , one of the more controversial approaches . 
  however , if you look at it from purely an economics standpoint , it makes sense . 
  drug dealers make most of their money off of addicts . 
  take away the lions share of their customers ( by competing with a price that ca n't be beat ) and they will have to look elsewhere to make a living . 
  if an addict can get their fix for free , that means they do n't need to commit further crime in order to fund their habit . 
  any crime that would have been committed to get the funds for their habit would be decreased/eliminated . 
  $ 10 worth of heroin requires more than $ 10 worth of crime to be committed . 
  let 's say someone smashes a car window to get that $ 10 . 
  cost to replace the window ? 
  greater than $ 10 . 
  lost productivity of that worker who needs to replace the window ? 
  greater than $ 10 . 
  cost of reporting the crime to insurance company , and police ? 
  greater than $ 10 . 
  cost of police officer arresting the addict , jailing the addict , sending the addict to court , then possibly prison ? 
  a helluva lot greater than $ 10 . 
  cost to society when that addict uses a dirty needle and contracts hiv or other communicable diseases ? 
  a buttload more than $ 10 . 
  give the user the $ 10 worth of drugs ( which is an inflated street price , the actual value of the drugs is much less than $ 10 ) and with that a clean needle , as well as a nurse or doctor who is there to offer treatment to get off of drugs ? 
  more than $ 10 , but probably less than the cost of treating an addiction via the criminal system rather than under a medical system . 
  oh man , i 've had that icelandic moonshine . 
  dear gord it knocked me on my ass faster than anything else . 
  good thing to remember - tax something to the point the price is ridiculous , people * will * find or make more dangerous alternatives . 
  i do n't know if you can see the flag next to my name , but it 's czech . 
  i ca n't read danish . 
  in any case , it 's probably the same propaganda that police in other cities ( like ny ) put out . 
  the statistics of these sorts of tactics speak for themselves . 
  minorities are targeted ( racial profiling ) and it rarely produces results in comparison to * actual police work * , which is a lot harder and costs more money . 
  but if you 're happy to throw away your civil liberties ( or more likely , those of your darker skinned compatriots ) then by all means , go ahead . 
  i 'm aware of what you think the idea behind it is , and i 'm saying that the idea is a broad increase in police powers that are not required . 
  if police were properly monitoring the gangs and their activities , they 'd eventually have enough reasonable cause to conduct searches on targeted members rather than sitting around in a few areas and searching who ever happens to be walking past . 
  what 's required here is surveillance of gang members , establishing their network ( who talks to who , who is involved in what ) , wiretaps on phones and computers , undercover officers , informants , and actual police work on the crime scenes . 
  pretending that searching everyone in a given area is the best bet at catching someone is a show to make it look like police are doing something , when in reality it 's most likely targeting minorities and youngsters if it 's anything like the stop and search programs in other cities around the world ( i have no reason to think otherwise ) . 
  * alcohol - rampant over use , cheaper than water . 
  although not technically permitted , underage purchase seems to occur quite frequently . 
  advertising is rampant . 
  * tobacco - rampant over use , cheaper than most other places . 
  underage purchase also seems to occur quite frequently . 
  i 've seen young children buy cigarettes `` for their parents . '', 
  advertising is restricted , but not as heavily as in other countries . 
  * marijuana - possession up to 15g is punishable by fine and confiscation . 
  use does n't seem to be that big of a priority for police . 
  * possession of other drugs in very small amount is also fined/confiscated ( i think up to 1g of heroin even ? 
  not sure on this one ) . 
  over and above you face criminal penalties . 
  cz also has treatment programs including methadone clinics . 
  personally i 'd like to see all drugs legalized , sales of other drugs ( marijuana , mushrooms , lsd etc. ), 
  restricted to adults and hard drugs ( meth , heroin ) not sold but given for free to addicts in the hopes of getting them into a treatment program while reducing crime involved in order to get money to purchase those drugs . 
  if that were the case , why would they be stopping/frisking random people on the street ? 
  what are they gaining from this activity , aside from extra police powers that no proper police organization should need ? 
  no , this is simply an attempt to make it look like they are doing something , when in reality it 's a waste of time and is n't proper police work . 
  wow , i ca n't see how this is any way good police work , and not a huge waste of man hours . 
  instead of gathering up intelligence on who is actually in these gangs , and monitoring their criminal activity , they are wasting police time on stopping and searching completely random people based solely on where they happen to be walking . 
  plummets ? 
  stupid . 
  look , just to be clear , you 're the one advocating an argument that 's used by those that believe that it 's sometimes okay to mutilate children 's genitals . 
  seriously . 
  is that * really * the position you want to take ?
