  they 're more worried companies are going to freak than we are , most likely because people do n't have a damn clue how important this is . 
  any back door , any weakness , is n't going to just be exploited by the government . 
  by the sounds of it , i reckon most of the us government does n't even know what they 're capable of . 
  ( sen. wyden , on the senate intelligence committee that actually knows * some * of this stuff has said what we 've found out so far is just the tip of the iceberg . ), 
  given enough time , there 's a good chance some smart hackers will figure it out as well . 
  this is terrifying news . 
  it 's extremely clear now that the 5 eyes ( us , uk , canada , australia , and new zealand ) have gone deep into the danger zone . 
  fuck , just thinking about this while i write . . 
  i ca n't imagine how employees at google et al are going to be suspicious of each other now . 
  who 's the nsa plant ? 
  so incredibly fucked up . 
  as a programmer , i was annoyed that this guy writes a reboot script in assembly , and then everyone can identify it within seconds by just looking at hex code that that 's what it is . 
  even mr crazy soldier guy can . 
  and then the code to change all of the worlds inhabitants to legal citizens ? 
  apparently it 's just a config setting somewhere . 
  i literally laughed aloud . 
  oh , and ships full of robots ready to go heal the entire world ? 
  ready , just in case , you know , that they 'd need that , even though they 've apparently given up on the entire planet . 
  and we have robots that can detect sarcasm , but they ca n't be used inside of a factory to do dangerous and menial tasks . 
  best to use hoomans for that . 
  i got ta go watch d9 to get stuff out of my head . 
  as seen on top gear a few weeks back . 
  it 's amazing to me how many people will quickly agree with this guy . 
  ( i 've speaking of course anecdotally based on my family 's statements , and things i 've seen on reddit ) . 
  people will say there 's no privacy to be had if you 're dead . 
  the ideas of liberty , and freedom , inextricably tied to privacy , are lost among so many . 
  the phrase `` give me liberty , or give me death '' is just an old slogan . 
  people think that the invasion of privacy is unobtrusive and thus not a problem . 
  they do n't realize that it 's unobtrusive until it 's used against them , or against a politician ( on their side of the fence ) , or that those invading the privacy are replaced by people who have different ideas of how to do things . 
  they do n't realize that once this apparatus of spying is in place , it 'll be very hard to take down ~ ~ ( without a full-out revolution ) ~ ~ . 
  ~ ~ careful there , this could be used against me at some point ~ ~ . 
  there are the apathetic , there are full out apologists , and then there 's the actual security apparatus that is already identifying people who have a problem with all of this as `` security threats '' . 
  it 's going to be difficult to get past them and do something about this . 
  i do hope more people speak out , explain why this was an idiotic thing for this guy to say , and that more people wake up to what 's going on . 
  i think that we of all people should know better . 
  a people 's mindset is changed when they know that they 're being spied on . 
  it 's gone from neighbours spying on neighbours , secret police in bars and restaurants , to online , where even if the current ( or next ) administration might not have a problem with what you 're saying or writing , one down the line may . 
  of course this requires technological responses ( better , faster and easier to use encryption ) but it also requires a serious push on our , and their , governments to stop it . 
  no government should have the right to spy like this . 
  these programs started under bush and have been continued ( and possibly expanded ) under obama . 
  do n't try to make the issue partisan when it clearly is n't . 
  i 'm not sure if i agree . 
  people are being spied on in a draconian manner . 
  when would it be appropriate to step up and voice an opinion ? 
  given the history of spying and big brother in europe , i think we 're in a special position to point out how bad of an idea this sort of thing is . 
  why wait until it 's forgotten or replaced with some other scandal ? 
  hey dumbass , iceland is the only country that threw bankers in jail . 
  that 's the only point i made about iceland . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  the loss of representative democracy is n't a liberal/conservative cause . 
  it affects all of us , regardless of our political beliefs . 
  banks stealing from the taxpayers is n't left or right . 
  in america , a lot on the right believe that the bank bailouts were theft . 
  protesting * against * human rights is stupid . 
  it 's the kind of stupidity we see in the middle east ( as well as in europe ) , where people protest against democracy and would rather sharia law running the country . 
  sometimes you just have to point out that people are wanting to shoot themselves in the foot . 
  because your comment is misinformed and stupid , and openly displays your ignorance . 
  get informed , read some books , maybe listen to the news , and then maybe you 'd find out that the banks are basically running the show , havent had anyone ( except in iceland ) thrown in jail for their crimes , and why that 's something worth protesting about . 
  the inanity of your comment really does amaze me . 
  do you know how fractional reserve banking works ? 
  do you have any idea how much fraud the modern day financial industry has committed , and continues to commit , to this day ? 
  have you any idea how investment bankers are essentially conning us , and by us i mean anyone with any connection to stocks , mutual funds , pensions , or bonds ? 
  nah , much easier to write some stupid pithy comment that contributes less than nothing to the conversation . 
  go back to youtube . 
  the french will protest anything at the drop of a hat . 
  while i find that admirable , i wish they 'd put it to something more important than two dudes or two girls wanting to get married . 
  protest corporatocracy , bankers , the war on drugs . 
  protesting against equal rights just because you find two dudes kissing icky is sad and pathetic . 
  christ on a stick , why not send him to a doctor and make sure he 's on meds ? 
  thanks for the link , the wp of course did n't see fit to publish the suspect 's picture . 
  randy bobandy !, 
  i 'm not sure how that would be possible ? 
  except the debt is in euros . 
  a government can control its currency value only so much , if they say 1 drachma is 1 euro , and then try to inflate their way out of it , no one outside of greece would purchase any drachmas as their actual value would be much less . 
  article is light on details , but i 'm not sure what they think they can accomplish by leaving the euro and getting back on the drachma ? 
  their debts are enumerated in euros - it would make no difference if they switched their currency . 
  unless ... would it allow them to have more control over their fiscal policies ? 
  they have n't been quite adept at that , but perhaps this mess has been a wake up call ? 
  they ca n't shrink themselves out of debt - austerity has proven to slow the economy even further . 
  they ca n't inflate , because the debts would still be in euros . 
  but maybe it would given them the ability to direct their government and spending in a democratic fashion , which might be their best hope to getting the country on track . 
  yes , and i already explained why . 
   why it is important to leave all these preferences private has a historical context , belgium is a very complex and fractured country and the best conflict-reducing measure was to not express preferences . 
  no offence or disrespect - but it sounds like belgium is full of overtly sensitive people who ca n't respect other people who are even mildly different from them , so they need the state to step in to make them mindless automatons . 
  how about instead of government legislating what you can or ca n't wear at work ( and let 's be honest , the only issue here really is religious symbols ) , you guys just grow up , accept that people are different , and do n't let it get in the way of doing business , governing , and administration . 
  if someone wearing some religious symbol really gets your panties in a bunch , maybe the problem is with you , not with the person wearing the religious symbol ( and again , i 'm going to go ahead and say that people who do wear religious symbols are borderline mentally retarded . 
  especially christians , who do so against the bible and their favorite character , jesus ) . 
  separate church and state , absolutely , but if you eliminate even the most benign personal expression and freedoms , even if its just at the public ( government ) workplace , you 're taking a step towards a ridiculous form of authoritarianism . 
  yes , that 's your position , but you did n't state your reasoning or what sort of limits you would think are appropriate . 
  in your haste to get your opinion out , you managed to repeat yourself . 
  officially represent the state eh . 
  are you talking about the prime minister heading to the un ? 
  are you talking about a president meeting with a foreign ambassador ? 
  or are we talking about a low level clerk who is getting you a new passport or drivers license . 
  and why would it matter if that person has some innocuous personal religious apparel on ? 
  is it worth squashing religious freedom ( and i say this as a militant atheist who would want nothing more than the complete end of religious faith throughout the world ) so that you do n't have to see someones personal beliefs most benignly expressed while you go get your paperwork done ? 
  good grief . 
  i think it 's nonsense . 
  obviously government employees should n't be allowed to proselytize , but if they want to wear a silly ` t ' or a stupid hat or a bed cloth or pasta strainer , i do n't care . 
  people should have the freedom to wear what they want * .
