  homophobia stems from ignorance , which all humans can fall prey to . 
  anyone want to take the bet that this kid will be come out of the closet in 3-4 years ? 
  cenk uygur leaving msnbc over refusing to toe the democratic line . 
  yes , it can happen everywhere , and we should be aware of what 's going on . 
  the kremlin 's rt is particularly pernicious though , when you have a news agency that 's the voice of a government that is willing to invade other countries to take 'em over . 
  ( fox being a good example of that , openly shilling for the bush administration back in the day , pushing for the iraq and afghanistan wars . 
  shit , pretty much all of the media outlets in the us really did a number selling those wars to the americans ) . 
  while funding may , and in many cases does , impact what a news organization reports , it 's not as a direct impact as the kremlin literally ordering them to `` report '' bullshit , have fake `` experts '' on , etc. 
  so it 's a question of how independent they operate of the entities that fund it . 
  with rt , it 's clear that the kremlin is basically calling the shots . 
  two reporters , one recently [ due to the bullshit over mh17 ] ( http://nypost.com/2014/07/18/tv-reporter-resigns-over-own-stations-mh17-coverage/ ) , have resigned in protest of how the kremlin was manipulating their reporting . 
  take for example the cbc in canada . 
  funded by the government , it does n't take any orders as to what it can or should report . 
  aside from some loonies , it is generally accepted as independent and no serious people consider it a propaganda machine for the government . 
  likewise , the bbc is generally also considered reputable . 
  i do n't agree with arms dealing . 
  any country that is peddling arms are being merchants of death . 
  there is a minor difference here in that russia has already invaded and taken a part of the ukraine . 
  they are continuing to actively support further dissolution of the ukraine by sending arms into the region . 
  there 's a difference between country a selling country b weapons ( disagreeable , humans do n't need more tools to kill each other ) and country a invading country b , giving fighters advanced weapons in country b , so that country a can take part of country b. 
  what 's happening in eastern ukraine is n't about human rights and fighting a dictator or whatever excuse an arms dealing country might use . 
  it 's about systematically taking apart a country bit by bit so that it can be conquered by its neighbour . 
  it 's clear as fucking day what happened here . 
  further `` research '' is n't really needed , especially when russia has already been intervening , and the `` rebels '' are actively blocking attempts to investigate as it 's clear ( as day ) that they caused the death of 298 civilians ( and shortly after celebrated , only to delete the tweets as soon as it became clear what they had done ) . 
  i 'd lay quite a bit of the blame at the country that decided to give untrained idiots a weapon of capable of bringing down an airplane from 33,000 feet . 
  something something state sponsored terrorism something something . 
  the russian people should be incredibly ashamed of what their government helped to accomplish by giving the rebels those weapons . 
  on top of the fuss or stir that they had already made , you mean . 
  stupid people are going to say stupid things . 
  i find racism despicable but making it illegal to say stupid , racist shit is silly . 
  you do n't get anywhere by banning speech . 
  ( yelling fire !, 
  in a crowded theater is not illegal . 
  it 's only illegal when there 's no fire , and your intent is to cause a panic which would likely result in injury . 
  the intent behind the words is important . 
  here , the intent is to communicate how stupid the racist is . 
  she 's basically saying `` look at me !, 
  i 'm a stupid racist !, 
  this black guy is a monkey !, 
  how stupid am i ? '', 
  it 's unlikely to immediately cause any physical harm . ), 
  i say - let stupid people openly out themselves as stupid . 
  i did n't mention anything about mental illness , but . . there 's another way to look at that too . 
  most of us look at homeless and wonder if they 're mentally ill . granted , a good chunk of them probably are . 
  but there 's probably a couple who look at us like we 're the ones who are mentally ill . 
  working like dogs so that we can borrow money to buy houses that are too big , buy shit we do n't need so that we look better than the next guy , all the while depressed that works sucks , we do n't have time for our relationships , etc , etc. 
  yes , homelessness is a societal issue . 
  but is society failing to help these people , or are some of them looking at our society and saying `` you 'd have to be crazy to want to be part of that '' . 
  it 's a different perspective , and one that i think about when i pass the beggars on the street . 
  ( and no , i universally do n't give them money just in case i 'm sounding like some sort of bleeding heart here . ), 
  so what , if someone does n't want to work we should what , throw them in jail ? 
  that costs money too . 
  as for extreme sports and insurance . . nope not so mch in canada . 
  i bet the uks nhs does n't charge more either . 
  i get where you are coming from but no one is saying unrestricted freedom . 
  but less restrictions on those who opt out of society means less restrictions on those within society . 
  yes , they cost money . 
  but freedom is n't free . 
  if i want the freedom to pursue my life and enjoy it the way i want to , then others should have that same freedom . 
  it 's going to cost us money , but restricting peoples ' freedoms to save a buck does n't sound like a great way to structure society . 
  it ca n't be all well and fine for me to do something that may cost society money ( eg mountain biking , kayaking , hang-gliding , risky activities that may cause a substantial hospital bill ) but then turn to the other person and say `` no , you ca n't do that , because it might cost me money . '', 
  i look at that as hypocritical and self serving ( no offense ) . 
  i see what you 're saying , but maybe consider another point of view . 
  you 're born into this world . 
  there 's a system set up where you work your ass off for 8 hours a day , 5 hours a week , with maybe a few weeks off a year . 
  in exchange for this , you get bills , having to put up with a shitty boss or annoying coworkers , etc. 
  you know , normal life . 
  someone comes along and says `` nope , i ai n't doin that . '', 
  if they are n't hurting anyone ( aside from themselves , in our opinion ) then who are we to say you ca n't do anything else ? 
  personally i believe in a guaranteed basic income . 
  everyone should get a chunk of cash monthly to pay for basic living needs ( basic housing , food , hygiene , and goes without saying , access to medical care ) . 
  do n't want to contribute to society at all ? 
  well , okay , if you 're happy not contributing , fine . 
  take that guaranteed income and spend it on meth or heroin ? 
  that 's your call , buddy . 
  every society will always have those who do n't want to play the game . 
  i think we just got ta accept that and i do n't see how criminalizing it will help . 
  maybe if we worked to make society and the `` game '' better and more appealing , more people would actively participate . 
  if you had continued to read , you 'd see that i 'm for swift , measured justice when someone is caught red handed , and 3-4 punches to the nose or jaw . 
  that 's hardly going to put someone into a coma ( unless you 're some sort of massive giant , in which case maybe just the 1 punch ) . 
  sorry you could n't keep your titties twisted . 
  honestly though , your response is akin to me accusing you of being a bleeding heart and that you 'd like to see people get tea and crumpets served immediately if they 're caught , and woe to those who do n't offer milk and sugar to the assailant . 
  is there anyone on here suggesting that beating someone into a coma is an appropriate response to theft , especially in the case where you have n't caught the person red-handed and you 're just guessing as to who the perpetrator is ? 
  good grief . 
  no , i wo n't admit that , because that 's not what i said . 
  i did n't say if they caught the guy immediately they could beat him to an inch of his life . 
  i said a couple of punches to the face would be completely justifiable if the perpetrator is caught red handed . 
  do n't try to twist my words so you can feel some righteous indignation . 
  i was n't commenting about this particular fellow or his circumstance , but vigilantism in general . 
  i think i made it clear that i do n't agree with what happened to this presumably innocent , although of questionable character , individual . 
  to extrapolate that a couple of punches to the face to ensure that justice is served to `` yes , i support putting people into a coma or giving the death penalty to pickpockets '' is beyond idiotic . 
  several levels eh ? 
  so if some dirtbag grabs your wallet , and you have the chance of stopping him but it breaks his nose , or you let him go and hope that the police catch him , you 'd go with the latter ? 
  that 's fine . 
  you 're free to do that . 
  i , on the other hand , think that the miscreant should get his face smacked up against a wall and face their day in court . 
  if that means the criminal , who again , you 've caught red-handed , suffers a broken nose or bone , then i 'm perfectly fine with that . 
  yea , i 'm just giving my clearly non-legal opinion . 
  no , but if you break the pickpocket 's nose , then i think you 're well within your rights . 
  also , quite frankly , what the fuck mate ?
