  hah , really ? 
  you do n't say . 
  people have to remember this guy is a lawyer . 
  he knows exactly what words he can use to avoid `` technically '' lying . 
  it 's bill clinton 's `` that depends on the what the definition of * is * is '' all over again . 
   `` it is absolutely true that us intelligence has a series of capabilities that allow us to access digital information not only here but all over the world '' understatement much ? 
  remember - pretty much all communication is digital . 
  cell phones . 
  normal phone calls . 
  anything on the internet . 
  information here means content as well as metadata . 
   `` our [ capabilities ] are bigger [ than other nations ] . 
  the challenge we have is that our capabilities are significantly greater than many other countries . '', 
  that 's kinda the whole point . 
  yes , country x might be able to spy on a number of individuals . 
  but i do n't think any other country comes close in their capability to collect information on * everyone * . 
  there 's a huge difference between targeted collecting information ( aka spying ) on someone you have evidence is connected to some sort of criminal activity , and collecting information on everyone because those people * might * in the * future * be somehow connected . 
  it 's disingenuous at best to make that false equality . 
   `` in some ways it 's parallel to the fact that our military budgets are greater than . . in some ways you can look at that that we have greater responsibilities to humanitarian assistance , keeping our allies safe . . there are higher expectations on us . '', 
  yea , maybe it 's time you think about asking the american people if that 's the role they want . 
  of course , when you wo n't even tell the american people how much it 's actually costing them to do this , how can we expect the american people to be able to elect a government that actually represents what they want ? 
  ( the intelligence budgets were highly classified prior to the snowden revelations ) . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say i do n't expect the us to keep me safe here in the czech republic . 
  i did n't expect that in canada , either . 
  of course , i , and the rest of the world , do n't get a say in what the us is doing . 
  that 's up to the american people . 
   `` our law enforcement officials , and intelligence officials , are able to do what they need to do '' oh , that would explain the dea ( drug enforcement agency ) receiving information from the nsa , and then retroactively engineering investigations so that the court , and the defendant , has no idea what these agencies were actually doing . 
  but they need to do it because they need to do it . 
  catching criminals is more important than obeying the rule of law !, 
  < / s   `` the us government has gotten faster to a place where i suspect overtime everyone is going to get to . '', 
  ... not if we can help it . 
  not everyone wants to live with a surveillance state . 
   `` presidential directive '' with respect to spying on heads of state . 
  obama 's term is up in ~ 900 days . 
  he 's saying he wo n't spy on * close * allies , but who knows about the next president , or the one after that . 
  congress needs to act to restrict spying on friends and allies . 
  why ? 
  because if you 're spying on your friends , that results in a huge loss of trust . 
  how friendly can you be when someone knows all your secrets , and you know nothing about them ? 
  spy on states you are n't friends with . 
  spy on enemies . 
  but keep in mind if you 're ever going to want to turn those people into friends , you 're going to have some explaining to do . 
   `` what you hear today , is my first effort in providing that restraint [ with respect to their much greater surveillance capabilities ] '' 5 years into office . 
  5 fucking years , and only after snowden . 
  where 's the credit to snowden , mr. president ? 
  where 's his pardon , and his thanks for bringing on the much needed information to get this conversation started ? 
  for those who do n't know , candidate obama decried mass spying ( among other things ) . 
  he did a complete 180 when he got into office , and not a word was heard until this . 
  that 's the importance of snowden and manning , and it kinda shows that this is n't a conversation obama was actually willing to have as president until he was forced to do so . 
  i think you have to take that into account when you consider what he 's saying , how skeptical you should be , how you parse each and every single word . 
  for what its worth , when he was sworn in , i too was watching silently and was absolutely excited . 
  first black president of the us . 
  his rhetoric was exactly on point . 
  and then he proceeds to completely , utterly , blow it . 
  there 's a huge credibility gap here . 
  i do n't think the us will be able to restore trust with these token gestures and presidential directives . 
  it 's going to take a whole lot more , america . 
  a whole lot more . 
  hate to have to [ fry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovi7uqbtkas ) you here , but the language really does allow you to do some interesting things . 
   nobody said otherwise . 
  the phrase you used , to which i replied , was `` on by default '' . 
  an opt-out filter is not the same as an `` on by default '' filter . 
  sorry , my phrasing was off then . 
  another user replied that on their `` choice '' page , the filter was selected by default . 
  that 's what i was referring to . 
    this sort of pressure from the government , without even a law being debated and discussed , . . is that really the sort of governance you want to have ? 
  their government bossing around corporations , without even having the nerve of passing a law ? 
   you seem to be under the impression i support the idea . 
  no , sorry , did n't mean to imply that . 
  hm , some other user has just mentioned that the filter option was selected by default in their isps `` choice '' page . 
  seems to vary from isp to isp then . 
   the default option is to have the radio box with `` yes '' selected , rather than `` no '' . 
  so it technically is `` opt out '' . 
  there 's a known huge difference in behaviour . 
  there are laws about these sort of things ( opt in vs opt out , and yes , it 's all go to do with what is the implied default ) , based on the kinda circumstances ( one example - organ donation . 
  in some countries , the default is you 're opted in . 
  in others , the default is you are opted out . 
  guess which countries have the highest rates of organ donation . . ) this sort of pressure from the government , without even a law being debated and discussed , . . is that really the sort of governance you want to have ? 
  their government bossing around corporations , without even having the nerve of passing a law ? 
   existing isp customers are not affected . 
  yet . 
  according to wikipedia and its sources , that 's what 's coming in 2014 . 
  that does n't actually address it . 
  if you do n't log into the bt account setup page , what is the default ? 
  i 've contracted with at least 5 isps for internet service . 
  i 've never had to go into their account settings to get my account working properly . 
  i call them up , say i want internet , they send me a modem or turn on a switch , plug the modem in , and it works . 
  i just get internet , uncensored . 
  is this a new step that is required that uk users would have to go into their account settings before being able to access the internet ? 
  what if you are setting up your account on the phone ? 
  is the question asked by mandate now , or was this a question that was always asked ? 
  i think you 're trying to gloss over the issue here . 
  i 'm fine that an isp is going to offer a censored version . 
  i think it 's a stupid idea , i think it 's a bad idea , and i think parents who rely on it instead of monitoring their children themselves are neglecting their duties . 
  but , that 's up to them . 
  but when a government steps in , and says to business `` okay , you 're going to have to offer this , you 're going to have to do this , you have to do that '' in the name of censorship , then to me that 's a big issue . 
   yes , your understanding is incorrect ; nothing is on by default , you do n't have to opt-out of anything , it is a choice given to you to either have parental controls enabled or totally unrestricted access at the point where you apply . 
  in other words - you could not sign-up for a new isp account without making a conscious decision between the two options . 
  so lem me get this straight - the law then is that now isps have to ask users whether or not they want a censored internet from the get go , vs before the user would have to ask for a censored internet ? 
  and there 's no default option for the isp ?
