  i still want to be wealthy , i want to contribute to society , and i wo n't be bothered by it . 
  what was the highest top tax rate in the us at some point in time ? 
  ( under eisenhower ... a republican , no less . ), 
  maybe it 's just me , but for me , i ca n't wait till i earn enough money that i get hit with a stupid ridiculous tax rate . 
  you know why ? 
  because i 'll still be making shitloads of money . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there 's a difference between supporting social programs ( which i absolutely do ) and then giving people money on the streets ( which often end up either for drugs , alcohol , or with their handlers ) . 
  you 've heard the stories of `` beggars '' being dropped off on street corners in cars , in canada . 
  you 've seen slumdog millionaire , where children are bought/stolen to beg for their handlers . 
  giving money to these people does n't help them , it only hurts them . 
  give money to social programs that actually help is what the op is advocating . 
  this is a great way to get people to not care about the law . 
  pass a bunch of stupid , ineffective laws that are practically unenforceable designed to protect or appease special interests , and then only apply the law when it 's in their ( the government 's ) self interest . 
  the system is broken !, 
  your former head of the dea was as awful as this bitch appears to be . 
  [ watch her give testimony ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrhecd8jhfy ) in front of congress regarding what 's more dangerous - marijuana or meth . 
  governments lie * constantly * , but on the issue of drugs they are absolutely terrible . 
  you 're entitled to having your own opinion , as foolish and stupid it may be , but you 're not entitled to your own facts . 
  and you do n't have any facts on your side . 
  christ i read half the article before i realized what day it was . 
  no , shitty countries and shitty businesses do it , because otherwise no one will post anything positive about them . 
  you should block out everyone 's names in this , it 's violating reddit rules . 
  i do n't understand how that would result in a store selling produce beneath costs ? 
  do you mean that they 'd see a competitor selling say produce from another country that they got cheaply , and for aldi and lidl to compete they 'd have to price match the cheaper produce ? 
  why would n't they harp more on the `` buy local , get fresher produce '' more , rather than however many eurocents the difference might be ? 
  forgive my ignorance but how exactly is this a globalization issue ? 
  sounds like a mentally ill individual . 
  just this morning , no joke , i saw a man pick up after his dog ( yay ! ), 
  with his bare hands . . granted the poo was in leaves , but it was still unpleasant . 
  he then asked me something which i did n't quite catch - and i just stood there thinking , i 'm sorry , i do n't understand , also , you have poo in your hands . 
  i wonder if this guy was using his own output or if he found it on the street ? 
  common response . 
  you do n't get to decide what 's worth hiding . 
  and while it 's unlikely that this bill will directly affect a nobody like you ( or me ) remember that judges , politicians , bureaucrats , people who actually have power will be subject to this as well . 
  or journalists who may be trying to expose corruption or incompetence . 
  letting a handful of people have power over others like this , while giving criminals a juicy target for blackmail and extortion is a really bad idea . 
  but please , keep thinking this is all somehow about you . 
  the immediate and obvious response is duh that 's what spying agencies do . 
  except that should be wrong . 
  spying on allies is a waste of money and resources . 
  you 're supposed to compete fairly with friends , not read their emails so that your local businesses or government can undermine their competitors interests and score a few extra points ( either politically or economically ) . 
  this is n't how trustworthy neighbors should behave . 
  governments are doing this to serve their self interests and the interests of corporations -- not their citizens . 
  but so many people will applaud because they 've been trained to believe that this sort of subterfuge is de rigor and acceptable . 
  it may be widespread but that does n't make it ethical . 
  as citizens we need to stop and really question what we want from our governments , and what we should expect from our friends and allies . 
   i am relatively young , yes , but i doubt i 'll ever have sufficient life experience to know how drugs work because i have no intention of ever using them . 
  do n't try and predict the future , it 's completely futile . 
  if you 've ever had a caffeinated beverage , you 've used drugs . 
  if you 've ever had a sip of alcohol , you 've done drugs . 
  and if you think that that 's an impossibly high standard , you 've never met mormons . 
  you should read dr carl hart 's book high price . 
  he 's an addiction expert . 
  dispels a lot of the myths about drugs that are brainwashed into us - things like all it takes is one hit , one sniff , one whatever , to get hooked . 
  your grandma , with that surgery she had there , has probably been exposed to opiates on par with heroin , and she most likely did n't get hooked . 
  the myths about drugs and addictions stem ( edit : in part * ) from bad science . 
  scientists took rats , threw them alone in a cage , and for their only entertainment fed them cocaine or other drugs . 
  in that environment , with nothing to do , of course the rats did drugs . 
  put the same rats in a rat park - with lots of friends , toys , things to do - and the rats did n't use the drug water . 
  they did n't become addicted , because they had a good life . 
  even of the rats that were in the rat drug prison - where their only entertainment was the drug - less than 15 % of the rats would do anything for the drugs . 
  the experiment was here 's a switch , toggle this to dispense the drug , then over time make it harder . 
  instead of 1 tap of the button ( or what have you ) , it 's 100 . 
  then 500 . 
  then 1000 . 
  the number of rats who would do anything to get the drug , who were truly addicted , dropped to less than 15 % . 
  so this whole idea that everyone who touches even a hard drug like heroin becomes addicted , is wrong . 
  that being said - it 's still a bad idea to use heroin . 
  prohibition against drugs has never worked . 
  not when they tried it with alcohol , not when they keep trying it with other drugs , and it wo n't work with tobacco . 
  i have no right to tell you what you can and ca n't put in your body . 
  none . 
  it 's your body . 
  if i ca n't tell you , and your neighbour ca n't tell you , then if me and your neighbour get together and form a government to tell you , that 's no fucking different . 
  society has no right to tell you what you can or ca n't put in your body . 
  that being said - we both want the same thing . 
  we want people to be happy and healthy , but we have to recognize that there are limits to what we can do to make that happen . 
  banning substances * does not work * . 
  to me , what stands a much better chance of working , is preventing these substances from being advertised . 
  advertising creates and stimulates demand . 
  while would a society allow the stimulation of demand for substances that have negative costs ? 
  it should n't . 
  in much of the world , we do this with tobacco , and have seen demand fall to `` natural '' levels . 
  this is a reasonable and fair compromise , and one i hope to see with * all * drugs and substances that have negative cost to society ( garbage food , sugar waters , etc. ), 
  at some point . 
  * edit : i should add that governments use these intrusive and immoral laws to enforce their own agendas . 
  the history of the war on drugs is rife with outright racism , anti competitive business practices ( hemp was proving to be a threat to cotton and paper , and guess which industries did n't like that ) , and well , the more laws a government has on its books , the more power it has . 
  power is an attractive force , like gravity . 
  governments that can accumulate power will do so , with as much abandon as a blackhole feeding on the cosmic dust . 
  it sounds to me like you do n't have that much life experience ( read - you are young ) . 
  drugs do n't work like that . 
  at all . 
  educate yourself or otherwise you express an uneducated opinion with no facts to support you . 
  why did you post this ? 
  never , ever , leave anything of value in a car . 
  10 euro cents is enough to get your window smashed . 
  until we get rid of the war on drugs , and institute a guaranteed minimum income , things like this are * bound * to happen . 
  your car is not a vault !, 
  you ca n't properly study the effects of ubi by running experiments that have nothing to do with ubi .
