  lock them up , throw away the fucking key . 
  israel seized the golan as a strategic point in the region to prevent further war mongering from syria . 
  they secured the point to keep their citizens safe from future harm . 
  their main foundation of their existence is to keep their citizens safe , we could learn a thing or two . 
  do we know this for sure ? 
  there is also the possibility it was sourced from an external source . 
  ca n't say i 've ever tried to build an explosive device . 
  so this refugee has enough money to live , eat etc. 
  and still purchase bomb making materials ? 
  it sounds like i need to move to germany . 
  i think one big question from an investigative pov needs to be asked . 
  how the f did a syrian refugee get his hands on a bomb ? 
  was it sourced by others in germany ? 
  if someone is denied asylum and does not have permission to live in your country , detain or deport !, 
  ! . . wtf would you just let them freely roam around . 
  ridiculous , we 've completely trashed any protocols to have control on who is in the country . 
  i 've been to saint denis , utter shit hole . 
  no offence to the french on here , just my personal observation . 
  1 like = 1 prayer guys . 
  i wonder if dynamo dresden will come up with a similar banner ? 
  i 've seen it a few times . 
  basically everyone is predicting the uk to die in the arse due to brexit . 
  you guys are in a sound position compared to everyone else i think . 
  she was showing a little too much ankle for his liking, 
  worst system ever . 
  and if france decide to sack the border , i doubt the uk will allow an easy ` free for all ' passage . 
  i hate seeing this shit man , no easy answer to anything . 
  that 's great rhetoric and a fantastic one liner . 
  however , french people are being murdered . 
  ( and now german ) . 
  what happens if your mother is on a train in lisboa and some maniac decides to pump a round into the carriage . 
  it 's easy to quote cheesy one liners when you 're not directly involved . 
  i stand to be corrected . 
  i 'm jumping to conclusions based on recent events . 
  a tragedy regardless and i hope the body count is as low as possible !, 
  i stand with the people of munich , stay safe guys . 
  my thoughts go out to those caught up in the munich shooting . 
  but seriously , letting in 1 million undocumented refugees ? 
  not a great idea . 
  edit : why the down votes . 
  i 'm not against refugee integration . 
  and am in fact , `` pro refugee '' it 's more the undocumented side of things i tend to worry about . 
  i would rather keep my citizens safe from unknown persons rather than accept anyone who shows up at my border . 
  sorry if that makes me a tad old school . 
  sounds like you know sweet fuck all . 
  soon to be known as democratic republic of turkey, 
  we ca n't do that because my fedora 's weave is becoming undone and my latte is getting cold . 
  let 's give him 20 hours community service to be done in hot pink cargo shorts . 
  i knew putin had a hand in this . 
  give him a slice of ukraine, 
  good riddance to the little cunt . 
  yeah maybe they police should 've overwhelmed him with a dildo . 
  ffs some people will never be happy . 
  the more i think about it the more questions get raised i guess , it 's tricky . 
  perhaps it could be down to france 's historically tumultuous relationship with the magreb and younger generations are starting to resonate with their ethnic origins ? 
  i think britain 's decision to retain physical borders play a huge role imo . 
  british intelligence and customs know who exactly is in the country at any given time . 
  terrorists want to operate from the shadows and avoid any digital footprint not to mention physical collaboration becomes much more difficult . 
  right now in france , i can live and work in the shadows in france for a lifetime and they would n't know it , only reason to come out of the shadows would be for health reasons . 
  and obviously the financial situation in france is a lot worse than in the uk . 
  i just feel france should be doing more , even on the local level . 
  erecting vehicle proof barriers where the population are likely to gather etc. 
  i 'm just spit balling , i really have no definitive answer . 
  what tangible changes have occurred in france ? 
  you say they 've been fighting radical islam , sure , i 'll agree particularly in mali but surely it has n't been that effective if they 've suffered 3 or 4 terrorist attacks in the last 18 months on the home front . 
  it 's great to say that france have been spearheading the fight but how many terrorist attacks in the last 10 years have occurred in the say , the uk ? 
  more than nothing i presume ? 
  perhaps reforming the french secret service which has failed at protecting the state and suffered extensive terrorist attacks . 
  i 'm not a politician , so i do n't have the answers but french citizens are dying and nothing is being done . 
  every post this guy ( laboe ) makes is quality . 
  just thought i 'd put it out there . 
  that 's disgusting . 
  it amazes me to see how much turkey has regressed in these last few years . 
  too many soft cocks on reddit . 
  hahah yeah i know what you meant , just thought i would be a pest . 
  man , it pains me to see this happen in france . 
  no simple answer unfortunately . 
  so what you 're saying is there is a lack of compatibility between french free , secular culture and islam ? 
  you have n't lived . 
  a guy can dream , right ? 
  russia would love to accept anyone within the wodka sphere of influence . 
  having galicia form portugalicia is my geo political wet dream . 
  i love the galizianos and galiza and i do think we are a very similar people . 
  but there is seriously zero chance . 
  some real oppression happening in catalunya right now ... / s, 
  or maybe immigrants of berlin ? 
  he indiscriminately killed others , so yes , he is a cunt regardless . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  what is irritating me is some of the hateful speech regarding shunning the english and making this process as difficult as possible . 
  just some of the rhetoric on here is ridiculous . 
  funny how all of the illegal immigrants are trying to escape france to enter the uk , really speaks volumes of how much a shithole the uk is / s, 
  fuck the eu . 
  the english are our allies and that 's that , the eu will not change that . 
  we 're fucking deluded to think the uk will fail , there society is great and above all resilient . 
  well , instead of going on what you 're told , do some fucking research . 
  madrid is one of europe 's best cities and is extremely liveable . 
  the people in madrid , barca , seville , donostia etc etc. 
  live pretty darn well . 
  spain is one of ez 's fastest growing economies right now spain has excellent food , drink , arts , people , basically everything from a social standpoint . 
  now that you 've heard that from me , you can pass it on instead of what that other guy told you,
