  spain is a shithole ? 
  why comment on something you 've never seen ? 
  uyth ... winner . 
  it 's not all doom and gloom for us !, 
  at least while our young talented engineers go abroad , we import the finest fake louis vuitton salesmen from senegal . 
  viva portugal !, 
  and ? 
  learn the language or at least try to speak some common words . 
  be it immigrant , expat or whoever . 
  the english in albufeira are horrible . 
  for some reason they find it desirable to look like a freshly netted lobster . 
  yes , if you are brown or black people will label you an immigrant . 
  soviet housing is by far the ugliest things i have ever seen . 
  i think you missed the point of my comment . 
  if we take them in , they wo n't stay . 
  they will just move on to germany etc. 
  i could n't care less if they came here , but they wo n't assimilate because they do n't want to be here , it 's as simple as that dude . 
  our comrade victor orban has the solution !!, 
  do you really think refugees will assimilate in eastern europe or southern europe without the pull factor that northern countries offer?of course spain is not going to accept many refugees , because mainly , no refugees want to go there . 
  we do n't have the jobs or the benefits to keep them here , they will just leave to germany , sweden etc. 
  i have no idea why people think that refugees will stay wherever they 're allocated . 
  opening a business in france must be a nightmare , who needs a colonoscopy when you have the french govt poking and prodding through every orifice . 
  are you coming onto me ? 
  i 'm pretty sure a majority of europeans want our piss weak boarders to be secured . 
  i could probably canoe from ceuta to gibraltar without being detected, 
   should we also cut their debts ? 
  are they even willing to participate in greece if they ca n't get the same ? 
  the big question imo is , where do we draw the line . 
  sure , we can cut greece 's debt , but what about portugal , italy etc. 
  like you said . 
  should we continue to put up with austerity while others can just receive gifts ? 
  it sets a dangerous precedent . 
  it would only seem reasonable that romania fund the initiative . 
  by your logic , if i sell my customer an ar-15 well and fully knowing that he is going to slaughter some guy , do i not have a duty of care . 
  or better yet , if i do n't know , then i find out , then continue selling to the person who is slaughtering people ? 
  in any country , that 's called being complicit in a crime , why are governments not being held accountable for assisting slaughter ? 
  i know it 's the nature of the beast , i 'm not retarded , this is war after all , but it 's incredible seeing the amount of western made armaments killing people , without any real geo strategic gains for western countries ( yes iran is extending its sphere of influence can be worrying but the saudi 's are also far from saints and going about it the wrong way ), 
  i agree with you in that context , but can the same be said regarding there heritage ? 
  surely the first di caprio that stepped foot off the boat was considered ` multi cultural ' and not a true american at first glance . 
  this means that america effectively assimilated these immigrants without compromising there own identity . 
  this , if anything , speaks volumes about americas impressive ability ( or previous ability ) to integrate . 
  the only question that remains is , what 's the magic recipe ? 
  i think its the ` sink or swim ' nature of the country . 
  i know romanians , portuguese just about anyone of any background that have in fact , settled down and assimilated quite well in america . 
  of course , they 've been working hard ( because they have to ) , not fucking around . 
  when you see a names like di blasio or di caprio or barrack obama occupying top positions in your society , you know multiculturalism has undoubtedly succeeded . 
  but yeah , i definitely agree , america definitely has a unique vibe to it and it probably would n't be right to compare its historic immigration situation to sweden 's or any other eu country . 
  that 's true , but the people that arrived in america were from different backgrounds , meaning that america is indeed * multicultural * in the true sense of the word . 
  i would say america 's sink or swim way of life contributes to assimilation whereby if you do n't settle down and knuckle down , you simply do n't have food on the table . 
  in sweden , i would imagine someone could collect a welfare cheque and essentially coast through life whilst continuing visiting the mosque/church , send remittances , mingle with your community , basically no reason to assimilate , there is no reason to grow . 
  just a personal theory , could be completely wrong . 
  multiculturalism does n't work ? 
  america is not multicultural ? 
  ah of course , got tangled up, 
  imagine how big lisbon would be today had the earthquake of ~ ~ ' 77 ~ ~ '55 never happened . 
  very interesting !, 
  cuts all the bullshit red tape and encourages people to set up shop in estonia , i like it . 
  i doubt ceuta plays a heavily critical role in propping up russian aggression in crimea and western ukraine . 
  just anti russian propaganda as far as i 'm concerned . 
  in soviet russia , car drive you, 
  the article shows a distinct correlation between bullies being from mena . 
  so , you 're right , let 's not look at race but let 's not disregard it either because some correlation exists . 
  debt relief is a good option , but where does it stop ? 
  why do the greeks get relief on there debt and not the portuguese , spanish etc. . . 
  opens ups up a pandora 's box . 
  or anywhere in the south of portugal/spain , ready to shag anything with a pulse . 
  the eu has royally fucked this one up . 
  this an issue that the eu should be spearheading with as much diplomatic and economic might as is necessary . 
  if this involves turning boats bock , do it ffs . 
  of course people are going to travel to europe if they 're granted immediate entry , it 's a major incentive . 
  people are losing faith in the euro project because of this bullshit policy of open doors . 
  we have a responsibility as a bloc to neutralise or control any existential threats within and surrounding our borders , this includes syria and any other problem that arises within our geo/political spheres . 
  i can only imagine how prosperous all of europe would be without the soviet shit storm . 
  but then we would have no latvian potato jokes , not sure i 'm willing to make that trade . 
  the law does n't provide the mechanisms for the judge to enforce that rule . 
  that 's where law makers step in , definitely not the judge 's fault obviously dude . 
  haha not angry , just looking after the welfare of fellow europeans over some lunatic . 
  he fucking admitted to murdering someone you twat . 
  that should be a pre-tense to arrest whilst they gather more evidence to protect the community . 
  would you like a potential terrorist roaming around your community ( your kids etc ) knowing full well he committed to the crime . 
  pull your head out . 
  do n't you think that there should be mechanisms whereby this person who is accused of beheading someone ( not exactly the lightest of claims ) should at least be detained prematurely pending his verdict for the benefit of the community ? 
  its one thing being proven guilty , its another being an accused murderer and being let out onto the street , the government needs to protect the people and this guy is clearly a threat . 
  absolutely fucking ridiculous !, 
  just watched braveheart and saw this come up . 
  i still await the return of my lord king . 
  hope it gets recognised !, 
  how many speakers and is it widely spoken in the region ? 
  keep it alive !, 
  why is northern ireland part of the uk and not ireland ? 
  shit argument , get over your nationalist agendas . 
  what the fuck !, 
  that 's ridiculous !, 
  paint away . 
  how governments continue to get away with this kind of fuckery is beyond me . 
  instead of legitimate stimulus programs , encouraging industry etc. 
  crazy !, 
  that porte looks really nice , something that would make me want to visit macedonia !, 
  but fuck me , there has got to be a better way of protesting then defacing it with that hideous graffiti . 
  absolutely correct !,
