  by all means , you 're allowed to leave . 
  i do n't think you guys give yourself enough credit . 
  america is almost certainly at the forefront of all cutting edge military/civil/medical technology . 
  give yourselves more credit !, 
  sorry to disappoint you but i 'm not an editor for any major media outlet much less a journalist . 
  i 'm not entirely privy as to when the case was brought against him , but it could n't have waited till after nl general election when he perhaps becomes a little less relevant ? 
  these populists feed off the publicity . 
  crucifying him on every media channel for something that a lot of people resonate with ( lower mena immigration ) imo will strengthen his position ( dutchies feel free to correct me ) . 
  do n't want the populists to win ? 
  do n't give them exposure over every little thing . 
  all you hear is le pen/trump/farage . 
  we barely cover the comments and actions of moderate politicians . 
  it was a reply to your initial comment , that somehow because policing their own country is an expensive task , we should assume that responsibility for them in both importing their criminals and covering the cost at the same time . 
  although i ca n't say with 100 % confidence , it would be naive to assume that crime syndicates are n't still active in ukraine . 
  they can now flow in and out of european borders with no controls or protocols . 
  and i agree with you about european oversight in certain operations , and i 'm sure the eu would gladly assist in any such operation to develop a country , but that should be a prerequisite , not an outcome . 
  yes !, 
  let 's import criminals from all impoverished countries so then we can waste our taxes and police resources trying to catch their criminals who are generally much more hardened and dangerous than the average euro crim . 
  it 's a win-win !, 
  europa stronk yada yada ... in case the / s was n't obvious enough, 
  i would n't call a fake gucci hat an expensive piece of apparel . 
  to be fair , this is a failure of sweden 's immigration & border policy , not romania 's fault . 
  literally has rubber wheels, 
  what is the point of your reply ? 
  their are 1.6 million frenchman living in the uk according to the independent . 
  whataboutism gets us nowhere here , you see ? 
  not to mention your comparing a booming , post war france in a booming post war economy with a uk in a stagnant world economy and is also in the process of leaving a union . 
  try to keep it relevant champ . 
  the eu ca n't do anything about it , it 's all in the uk 's hands now . 
  generally non-eu population has to arrange some kind of visa or sponsorship which means when they arrive to england , they have work or study . 
  eu citizens on the other hand can freely move in and do n't necessarily need to have a job lined up . 
  i think 54k romanians moving to any country is a bit much , no offence to our romanian bros on their birthday , but it 's the truth . 
  bring on the down votes i do n't care but best thing the uk did was leave europe . 
  how on earth is this level of immigration sustainable in the medium/long term ? 
  the strain on the labour market , housing , health as well as the rapidly changing nature of english society . 
  meanwhile wages are stagnate and cost of living rises . 
  ouch . 
  polan , please apply water to burn area . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  if you do n't make any money , then you do n't pay into your social security , but you still need to pay for your own insurance if you want to be eligible for work which can get expensive depending on the kind of risk you 're exposed to . 
  your parent 's observations must be more credible than all the sources of information out there that provide objective data based on a wide set of samples . 
  for my next thesis , i 'll be sure to reference aoyagi 's padre y abuela for the reliable source of info . 
  consumer prices in prague are 28.77 % lower than in madrid consumer prices including rent in prague are 29.93 % lower than in madrid rent prices in prague are 32.61 % lower than in madrid restaurant prices in prague are 47.92 % lower than in madrid groceries prices in prague are 24.61 % lower than in madrid local purchasing power in prague is 11.39 % lower than in madrid source : numbeo, 
  when i mentioned ` minimum wage ' i meant a blanket term for having the regulation and structures in place to provide people with a liveable wage . 
  granted in scandinavia it 's different but bargaining power there means the average worker still achieves a liveable wage , just through a different process . 
  the end game is the same , more money for people at the lower end of the sociology economic level of society so they can have the basic necessities to live . 
  quick google search shows it at 18usd an hour roughly ? 
  that 's what i call a liveable wage . 
  edit - min wage in sweden that is . 
  to be fair the system in australia is very similar . 
  you can be registered as a sole trader and ` sub contract ' work out to another party . 
  this means you have to pay your own social security , expenses , insurances etc. 
  of course , you earn a higher wage to supplment those costs but you can be sacked or your services not required at any time . 
  that seems to be the biggest issue . 
  and their work is surely worth more than that , prices in spain are n't that low to have such abysmal wages . 
  what do all wealthy nations have in common ? 
  a minimum wage which you can actually live on and still have money to spend and keep the local economy stimulated . 
  well done spain . 
  since when did the french gain a controlling stake in lufthansa ? 
  facebook is a platform , companies and individuals in germany use facebook as a channel but create their own ads . 
  staff at facebook do n't write ads . 
  having other colonies being dependent on you was too mainstream . 
  we 're modern day geopolitical hipsters . 
  i think you should question the authenticity of some elements of the article . 
  i 'm not downplaying the assault per se but unless hercules has made a return to the island i seriously doubt the possibility of humans hurling 20kg rocks onto migrants/refugees . 
  rocks as big as boulders ? 
  did the far right group have some sort of medieval catapult system do you think ? 
  do n't i look sexy . 
  modern films would involve countless hours of raunchy teenagers batting off to online porn, 
  yeah australia is doing a terrible job of protecting its borders . 
  perhaps they should invest in some european border control consultants since it 's been so rosy over here . 
  my brain is hurting wondering why that house has n't been crushed yet . 
  did a german write that little sketch ? 
  cause it had no humour whatsoever . 
  try a dia , a lot less expensive but also quality drops . 
  pretty sure that blocked entry to parliament with tonnes of manure as well . 
  classic move if you ask me . 
  if they 're not resolving their issues with a briefcase full of cash , it 's with a freaking chainsaw !, 
  hahahaha quality !, 
  love that scandinavian banter . 
  taxing people at 100 % is possibly the single stupidest thing i 've heard all morning . 
  people that earn that kind of money use existing mechanisms in taxation law to lower their taxable income anyways . 
  also , it 's how you push talent and companies out of your countries to countries with lower tax thresholds and lax tax climates . 
  i thought the whole 70 % of pakistani marriages being between 1st cousins was a meme . 
  that 's fucked . 
  you 're correct in the rise of troll accounts , but there 's a clear negative shift in the wider eu public perception about migration from mena . 
  we can not also ignore the fact that italy is being swamped and needs some kind of assistance . 
  unfortunately , nothing can be done without the resolve of the entire bloc . 
  but yes , these troll accounts are annoying as fuck !, 
  eh https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lh7ux9imhc, 
  like i said , we can discuss his negatives for days on end . 
  hitler , king leopold , these guys committed mass genocide on a ridiculous scale , true scumbags . 
  salazar was an authoritarian who ruled with an iron fist with many backward policies but he also did some good which relieves him from said scumbag status . 
  lol fuck off . 
  we can go on for days about this man 's negatives but to call him a scumbag is the ultimate disrespect for someone who gave their all for portugal . 
  respect to the v4 . 
  all of western europe 's moral superiority is weighing down on them like a cinderblock and they do n't give a single fuck hahah, 
  this breaks my heart . 
  do n't even want to begin to think about all the elderly people in the area who do n't have the means or mobility to escape , they literally would 've been trapped there . 
  not to mention people who have lived in their homes for decades only to see their entire life 's work go up in flames :(,
