stop saying your galician bro , you 're portuguese hehe, 
  someone 's saucy today !, 
  the syrian refugees in a couple of generation 's time will be the ones holidaying in portugal and spain . 
  are those numbers legit ? 
  how can your government sit idly by and allow this ? 
  is there some kind of major labour shortage in the nl ? 
  let 's get these guys into the european parliament junker could do with a left hook to the head to wake him up . 
  mugabe is still alive ? 
  wtf the bulgarian yoghurt must be working its magic again . 
  ukraine is not unstable ? 
  they 're in the midst of civil war and faced with the real possibility of losing the eastern portion of there country . 
  there economy is in tatters . 
  unstable is a fine word . 
  they ran out of munitions ? 
  you never go full retard !, 
  this guy knows his shit . 
  yeah i know , i 'm aussie just have the portuguese flair so people dont tell me to back to the aus thread haha . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  tough measures = deterrent , less people dying on the high seas !, 
  i do n't think we should completely shy away from the discussion , we should never close the door on a debate . 
  however , i just do n't see any real benefits of forming a federation in all honesty . 
  i think spain probably has a bigger issue of maintaining its current borders rather than federalisation . 
  we could adopt an australian-esque approach of returning these lovely folks to where they came from / s, 
  i doubt it man , just me talking shit . 
  i would assume after 800 or so years of castilian influence they would n't want to leave . 
  what ? 
  how am i bashing islam for critiquing one aspect of there religion ? 
  am i an antichrist if i say the west baptist church in america deserves no place in society ? 
  the niqab is an outdated as fuck form of clothing that belongs in the middle ages , it is a form of repression towards women . 
  why on earth does a woman have to cover herself up in a western country ? 
  women and men are equal here and as such , religion should never outweigh the critical components of our free society . 
  it 's not the right thing to do ? 
  it 's fucking archaic and degrading to women . 
  yes they choose to do it but why would n't they when they 're pressured to meet the demands of there society in there home country . 
  has absolutely no place in a western , civilised culture . 
  p.s i 'm not a raging lunatic i just think that another human being should never have to cover up there face because of religion . 
  some people generally find the full veil an intimidating outfit . 
  at no point should any citizen of a free , democracy be feeling ` uneasy ' in there own neighbourhood or city , government has every right to legislate it . 
  just a suggestion , if spain fail to form a government , galicia can join there family to the south heheh, 
  anyone seen aleks balls ? 
  they 've gone missing . 
  i think the fact that there 's calais jungle in a country like france is a testament to how great a place the uk actually is . 
  fuck all the scaremongering , the uk was and will always be at the forefront in regional and global affairs . 
  and if they leave , we agree to boycott all bp products and by-products . 
  the power ultimately lies with the people , it 's up to us to change it . 
  fuck big corporations trying to leverage there position on sovereign countries and ultimately our environment . 
  comparing censorship in this case is irrelevant . 
  he is in an environment with impressionable people who have a history of violent acts . 
  censoring debate in a progressive , open forum is downright backward but preventing the spread of poisonous ideology within a prison setting is vital . 
  you just have to realise what type of demographic is in this setting , generally non educated , impressionable , angry , a fertile environment for his ideals to be absorbed . 
  hang on . 
  he will now be mingling with the general population of the prison ? 
  he now has the ability to spread his ideologies on other susceptible inmates . 
  he has the ability to educate and convince , for me , this is by far the greatest threat . 
  sorry but since when are legal experts the only people capable of making assessment on human rights ? 
  `` hey i went to uni , the rest of you are peasants '', 
  australia does this and it does work , but it is in clear violation of human rights and international law except no one seems to speak out about it . 
  people are processed on manus island without ever a chance of reaching australia even if they are genuine refugees . 
  but then again , in europe we 're talking about millions of refugees rather than a few thousand in aus . 
  libya is now on the path to become a stable , democratic nation ? 
  the nation is split into 3 splinters , isis is establishing a foothold in benghazi , there is a massive refugee spillover from the war , there pm got kidnapped not long ago ... i could probably go one for a while longer . 
  well , syria is a completely different kettle of fish . 
  here you have several warring parties completely funding and continuing the bloodshed in syria . 
  without the external intervention and continued flow of arms into syria , we would speculatively not be in this situation right now . 
  i 'm not saying gaddafi and al assad are the solutions , but bombardment , overthrow of the government , which creates a vacuum ( libya ) / pour billions into a civil war to continue its longevity ( syria ) are clearly not the answers , i 'm not slamming the u.s because there are definitely more players at hand here . 
  and there are lunatics running countries all over the world running there mouths . 
  north korea 's kim jong whoever has the worst rhetoric i 've ever seen , conducting nuclear tests , blatantly rejecting international treaties on ballistics but i do n't see plans for an invasion anytime soon . 
  well , when it 's intervention against isis affiliates and raging war lords , i guess so but i do n't think libya can be classified as any of the above examples . 
   well ... that 's what happened . 
  yeah , it happened with the west 's air capability , i would hardly call that self determination . 
  the west 's role had a profound role in gaddafi 's usurping , i think thats undeniable . 
  lockerbie was tragic but i do n't know how relevant that is with the happenings in 2008 - now . 
  and just to top off , because someone is a pariah , it does n't automatically lead to a pre-tense of invasion . 
  chavez , half of africa remain pariahs . 
  i do n't think you can really argue in favour of the intervention yielding a positive result . 
  gaddafi kept immigration under wraps , i 'm not sure how legal or humane his methods were but i ca n't see them being worse then shipping a bunch of men , women and children on small , overcrowded dinghies with the profits going into the palms of people smugglers . 
  the people of libya should 've been able to self-determine there government , not the u.s government or france for that matter . 
  i know this is speculation , but surely the outcome of non intervention would be better then a failed state , with tribal gangs now dominating its territory . 
  according to my source , bulgaria received 6.6 b euros which totals to roughly 6.6 % of your gdp , highest in the eu ( % ) . 
  it 's crazy to hear people say that they get nothing from the eu . 
  granted this piece of data is from 2014 , but i doubt there would be a dramatic increase or decrease of funding in 2015/2016 not that i 've come across anyway . 
  the libya affair was/is a disaster . 
  imo america should be held accountable for its blatant disregard for libya 's aftermath and the subsequent refugee crisis that has resulted . 
  why do people consistently use the sovereignty argument ? 
  of course your sovereignty is going to be watered down when you are in an economic union . 
  and as greece 's largest creditor , the german 's absolutely should have a say on how greece spends some of its money , they are the ones taking the risk after all . 
  sovereignty is a thing of the past with the eu . 
  inferiority complex ? 
  i think your on your moral high horse . 
  bulgaria receives the highest % of eu funds comparative with the size of your gdp . 
  but yes , the eu does nothing for you . 
  looks amazing !, 
  love seeing fellow european countries prosper !, 
  exactly , no wonder why everyone hates the eu . 
  instead of a marshall plan to stimulate eastern , southern and balkan europe we 're talking about plans to cash up corrupt african governments . 
  how on earth are your respective countries ` broken ' ? 
  you live in two of the best countries in the world , settle down . 
  turkey is currently experiencing an astronomical surge in natural energy thought to be produced from ataturk 's grave where he is spinning uncontrollably . 
  out of the whole argument from above , the only thing that seems to have stuck in my head is the word cunt . 
  to be fair , you 're yet to give him a decent response .
