  hitler happened 70 years ago . 
  germans have done more than enough to atone for hitler with their huge development and contributions to europe 's wider project . 
  islamic fundamentalism , albeit exaggerated by the media , is a contemporary issue . 
  at 1am as well . 
  i would assume most people would be home at that time on a weekday . 
  is the pope catholic ? 
  i absolutely love czechs . 
  fuck western europe 's moral superiority . 
  stay true to your principles and do what 's best for your people and country !, 
  jan sobieski would be proud lads !, 
  exactly this . 
  it 's a fucking a joke , hide , run and tell the principle because the bad kids are out to get you . 
  imagine telling this to men in the 40 's & 50 's that this would be our go to tactic in the face of an insurgency . 
  the only contact being made is between human flesh and $ { weaponised everyday item }, 
  london bridge , tower bridge etc. 
  has a significant amount of people in extreme density . 
  elevated curbs or bollards should do the trick in high priority areas . 
  if you jump the curb on london bridge you can probably maim 30 + people with enough velocity . 
  vehicle obstruction should be in places where there is the potential for mass casualties imo . 
  sorry that you have to witness this bud !, 
  absolutely abhorrent stuff from the perpetrators . 
  edit : this is probably be the straw that breaks the camels back in terms of introducing vehicle obstruction infrastructure around london bridge and surrounding areas . 
  scarf \u2714 blue eyes \u2714 my virginity \u2714, 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't be fucked proof reading my comments . 
  i 'm pretty sure although `` blame lies with '' is a better term , woes resting upon the shoulders of erdogan is not grammatically incorrect . 
  there 's no point in having a discussion with someone who results to name calling and edgy responses in an attempt to negate my argument . 
  wait , so asylum seekers marching to germany after bypassing several eu member states is following protocol ? 
  you clearly must not be familiar with eu legislation . 
  i 'll leave it up to you to conduct research into this area and educate yourself . 
  hurry now , there must be a ferry off the coast of sardinia you need to board . 
  if they were a desired people , the eu as an institution and as a public would not be having debates as to whether we need to integrate them into our societies . 
  whether you like this or not , this is a fact . 
  because the term inconveniences you , we should not try and shy away from using the correct terminology . 
  who is arguing against accepting syrian refugees ? 
  who is even remotely against the idea . 
  in europe however , we are a land of laws and protocols . 
  there is a specific protocol to applying for asylum , marching halfway across europe with minimal checkpoints is not the answer . 
  when you have 1000s of people disrupting highway and rail networks , this is not proper protocol . 
  this reeks of amateurish border and immigration procedure , one unbefitting the single greatest political union in the world . 
  helping greece and italy is ensuring that we have checks and procedures to stop the mass unchecked flow of humans onto europe . 
  until then , italy 's and greece 's woes will rest upon the shoulders of people smugglers and erdogan . 
  edit : inb4 people think i 'm hitler . 
  undesired people : people who immigrate , irregardless of political landscape in their country . 
  essentially refugees , illegal immigrants , economic migrants etc. 
  since when is imposing a quota of migrants from undesired nation states considered to be a basic value of the union ? 
  yes , human rights is important to us . 
  but we should be projecting our light onto other countries , not taking in their citizens en masse , this helps no one . 
  my quick guess would be that perhaps there are not enough retailers offering that product through gmc ( google merchant centre ) therefore the carousel is n't populating in your serps . 
  blame your politicians for being in a union which encourages free movement of goods and services between members . 
  the poles moved there legally and within the framework of the law . 
  if this is something that irritates you and your people immensely , engage your politicians . 
  i 'm sure britain but mostly the other eu giants have reaped the sweet , sweet rewards of being able to buy capital , invest in poland without limitations ( i heard there 's massive potential in eastern poland ) . 
  also , the profanities do n't help your arguments . 
  you sound like an idiot . 
  losing poland or forcing them to accept mass amounts of undocumented , uneducated people from the third world . 
  i 'd rather keep those polish rascals . 
  sounds like i need to book a one way ticket to lithuania asap . 
  australia has a fuck tonne of coal . 
  it 's cheap , nasty and gets the job done which is all i assume their politicians care about . 
  if any country had that resource readily available en masse they would still be using it . 
  i heard malta needed a translator for the eu ? 
  your english is flawless and the pay cheque would be sweet !, 
  kiss the arab ghettoes goodbye, 
  if the man adores dick then let him be i say . 
  you may know me from such films as : e foi o eder que os fodeu, 
  easy hombre , portugal ranks yet again ahead of spain . 
  iberian masterrace . 
  damn swamp germans . 
  ca n't live with them , ca n't live without them, 
  in response to your 2nd point . 
  launching military offensives and installing pro american governments certainly falls under a broader definition of imperialism in my opinion . 
  they 're not annexing territory but they 're extending their influence via military means particularly in the middle east and previously in s. america . 
  the average person also recognises the importance of immigration and the effect it could have by upsetting certain balances in local communities . 
  everything else you mentioned was spot on though . 
  thanks mate !, 
  yep , just as i suspected . 
  nothing too major just a cheeky bet . 
  will be expecting a very exciting presidential race , hopefully the best candidate gets elected to run what is an amazing country !, 
  good luck !, 
  do n't forget that the germans have managed to swap obsolete small arms for fully operational broomsticks !, 
  cheers dude !, 
  citronbleu , i know this is a bit weird ... everytime you post on french politics , you seem to know your shit and come across knowledgeable . 
  so i midas well take a punt and sponge some of your expertise on the subject at hand . 
  if i 'm trying to make some quick moolah on the french election , does le pen & macron to reach run off and then macron to win overall sound logical to you ? 
  i know this is random as fuck hahah, 
  hey man , morocco is n't so bad !, 
  nice modernised pockets here and there !, 
  whataboutism at it 's finest from the chap you 're responding to . 
  situation is not comparable in my opinion . 
  sweden is a country of what , 10 mil ? 
  ( not sure so please correct me if false ) france on the other hand has that amount of muslim residents alone . 
  different situations imo . 
  actually , it 's being designated as a terrorist attack at this stage by most news sources . 
  just an fyi . 
  i would n't call the united states an embarrassment . 
  they 've guaranteed peace on this continent for over 70 + years now . 
  they 're are always on europe 's side and our most important ally . 
  i would actually give more credit to america 's role in deterring further war on the european continent . 
  providing both a military ( troops , weaponary , bases ) and political ( aid , nato ) deterrent . 
  very overlooked imo because europeans are generally to proud to believe that an external force united us .
