  europe has completely capitulated in regards to the whole refugee crisis . 
  we 're in a position of complete weakness in regards to the turkey deal in which seemingly erdogan has the upper hand . 
  europe has failed at maintaining its external borders and this has seriously effected the european project . 
  wake up to yourselves brussels , get some long-term strategies into place to secure our borders and let 's get some fucking stability in the region . 
  i 've already got the canh\u00f5es in mon\u00e7\u00e3o locked and loaded . 
  in fairness , being from the north in portugal , i 've actually at times felt a greater affinity with people from galiza rather than those from madeira and algarve . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , we should never have been separated . 
  do n't forget the drop bears . 
  those motherfuckers go straight for the jugular . 
  germany gib funds plox . 
  as long as the only turk who comes in and does the breeding is saltbae , maybe i can turn a blind eye . 
  i think i have my chainmail and vial of holy water hanging around somewhere . 
  i would like to see turkey actively shoot down a greek jet or boat that has n't entered its territorial waters . 
  we close borders and do n't allow any alien vessels to enter eu territory/water . 
  no exceptions . 
  i wonder if an ngo can pick me up from paros and take me to mykonos in the summer . 
  it seems that do a stellar job as a ferry service, 
  how fucking hard is it to shut the border with turkey . 
  no one comes in without approval , man the borders ... there 's plenty of greeks i 'm sure looking for good work . 
  make trumps fence look like a puppy . 
  the eu is a supranational powerhouse , countries like turkey should quiver when they make threats to the eu we should just bend over every time erdocunt comes calling, 
  you want a bunch of jannisaries arriving at the gates of rotterdam on goatback ? 
  because that 's how you get a bunch of jannisaries arriving at the gates of rotterdam on goatback . 
  the mountain germans have been getting rather uppity in this thread ( had to have a dig ) . 
  monte negro also means black mountain in portuguese as well !, 
  hang on . 
  so they throw stones at policemen but because they will leave the scene frustrated the cops should appease them ? 
  they should reprehended and punished to the full extent of swedish law . 
  it 's a shame that swedish police were n't able to gather and coordinate in a way that led to arrests . 
  police should never be intimidated or inhibited from entered an area where crimes are being committed . 
  i would really like to see the tail between these punk 's legs with 100 swedish policemen/women bearing down on them . 
  treaty of trianon , never forget . 
  listen here putamadre , we would embrace a federation with the spaniards as long as they bring the jam\u00f3n , fine women and we bring the fado . 
  came for the balkan shit show . 
  must say i 'm disappointed so far . 
  edit : i love being wrong . 
  yep , no arguments there and that 's important . 
  but russia 's overarching military machine from ground to air to sea would pummel both germany and france . 
  the only military force that can stop russia is solely the us or one big motherfucken euro coalition * boner intensifies *, 
  germany is strong enough to take on russia in a war ? 
  til . 
  our pm should fly over to camps in greece and ask them personally if they want to come to portugal ... should work out well, 
  georgians & armenians are fine as long as they stop leaving my car on bricks . 
  the map shows the fantastic effect austerity measures have on economies . 
  long live the southern debt belt . 
  they collected some taxes but did not interbred or convert anyone/hardly anyone in the galiza/minho area . 
  there is absolutely no trace of moorish culture in the norte , ca n't say the same for lisbon or algarve i also forgot to mention asturias in my initial post as being part of the `` badass coalition '' to drive the moors out of the peninsula . 
  norte crl . 
  speak for yourselves ... north portugal here , we never got taken over by the moors . 
  we 're the iberian master race . 
  you can thank us and the leonese for liberating your sorry north african asses, 
  and emperor orban of course . 
  place those people who have illegally entered the country in detention facility . 
  place a massive disincentive to complete the journey `` if you enter illegally you will not be granted asylum '' . 
  why would a moroccan make the trip to europe knowing there 's legislation in place meaning he will never freely set foot in europe ? 
  there must be a clear disincentive to illegally travel to europe . 
  i would rather the power be in europe 's control rather than in the hands of 3rd parties ( turkey etc. ) . 
  if this means ceding power of external borders to a full funded , efficient european union backed border control i would be all for it . 
  at the end of the day , i personally , have the best interests of a united europe at heart and not the interests of illegal migrants . 
  i think this project is too great of a thing to risk . 
  yes that might sound harsh , but we have to think of the long term viability of the project ... right now , all this illegal immigration from na etc. 
  is really putting it to the test . 
  greece closes its land border with turkey as does bulgaria . 
  do n't have documents or a valid passport , that 's fine back you go . 
  want asylum , please utilise the existing protocols in place not march through 10 european countries . 
  all vessels attempting to enter european territorial waters are turned back immediately . 
  vessels that are n't sea worthy are replaced so that it can withstand the trip back : when you compare the size of european navies and resources compared to australia 's , it should be perfectly possible to achieve . 
  of course i 'm oversimplifying the matter , but all it needs is the political will the resources are not an issue . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  why are you making a mountain out of a mole hill ? 
  he is totally right in saying that it implies kinship and not ownership . 
  he should not feel ashamed in saying `` our german women '' just like a women should not feel ashamed saying `` our german men '' you should not be ashamed to share a bond with your common people and talking about your fellow countrymen and women with words that carry feeling and sentiment . 
  who are you bro ? 
  exactly this , your military is quite powerful . 
  if it 's not boots on the ground there are other ways to neutralise such targets considering your proximity . 
  ca n't just keep twiddling your thumbs when innocent turks are dying . 
  fair enough , now that i take a step back , it does look more and more islamist !, 
  make badajoz great again !, 
  i fear for any country where the leader is no longer held accountable for his actions , that country is destined for trouble ahead . 
  the people need to stand up and reclaim what 's theirs . 
  portugal stronk . 
  seriously though , as a nortenho , it shits me that galiza and the north has been separated by a bullshit arbitrary line . 
  i would be down for a reunification 100 % . 
  same people and we 'd have the same language were it not for 1000 years or separation, 
  god help you if any oil reserves are found in romania . 
  i understand your sentiment , and obviously the people themselves are far from being at fault , this is the absolute truth and perhaps op 's use of the word degenerate was too far . 
  i think my comment 's intention was to highlight the country of turkey 's decline irregardless of the people of turkey ( some great people might i add ) . 
  but one thing we ca n't shy away from is the clear divide that only seems to be widening between the west and turkey . 
  we could compare portugal and turkey but we would be wasting bandwidth with hypotheticals . 
  turkey has no place even at the negotiating table with its current status . 
  it 's an unfortunate outcome from erdogan 's policies and his anti progressive policies . 
  so what is your solution ? 
  should we appease erdogan because less than 50 % of the country did n't vote for him ? 
  this kind of thought process will lead to effectively nothing in the world ever being done . 
  he represents turkey . 
  he broke the `` do n't be a dick '' rule and unfortunately for turkey , this should close the book on any kind of accession talks ( if they were n't already dead . ), 
  i think we 've found the guy that polishes putins shaft on the regular . 
  universities are places that breed ideas and often intellectuals speak and converse about more than just their designated fields . 
  what you 're experiencing in australia is the freedom of thought and discussion across multiple issues which undoubtedly is how you make societies better . 
  i never understand people who do n't like where they are but refuse to go back to the motherland !,
