  i would say your chances are high . 
  as far as i know they speak french . 
  however they use many italian words when speaking colloquially . 
  seriously , we 're the same fucking people . 
  let 's just unify and get it over with . 
  yup , it 's a right fucking mess in london town at the minute . 
  my butthurt detector is off the charts !, 
  that guy has a head only a mother can love . 
  oh , my bad , i was under the impression you thought more sanctions were better . 
  current sanctions i think are absolutely necessary ... if there was that much political backlash for a slice of ukraine , i would imagine a slice of estonia would lead to total war . 
  we got you eesti bros !, 
  i understand your dislike towards russia , that 's totally acceptable . 
  however , more sanctions because of syria ? 
  why ? 
  where is the logic ? 
  they are a long standing ally of the syrian regime and have been invited to participate in that war . 
  why should we further reduce our dwindling trade because of eastern perceptions of what russia might do ? 
  it does n't make any sense for us economically and politically does n't have a leg to stand on . 
  go rub one out , you 're too worked up . 
  lavrov was quoted in the press `` but where is the evidence ? '', 
  the eventual showdown between putin and boris johnson looms closer . 
  i foresee the spear tackling of unsuspecting children and the mounting of mules on bareback . 
  fabulous times await . 
  watch out dude , your going to have 5 guys/basement dwellers labelling you as a whataboutist with that kind of response, 
  this needs more upvotes . 
  in all fairness , something 's are classified and just because information is n't out there , does n't mean the discussion is n't viable . 
  i do n't think it 's all that crazy to say that western actors may have had a hand in ukraine 's political situation at the time . 
  i do remember us vp visiting etc. 
  very unusual at the time and unusual posturing from the us . 
  but , who knows . 
  respect goes out to the uk . 
  ensured some horror bombings and attacks but showed resolve and never gave up , inspiring stuff . 
  good for you . 
  some people do n't have the same impetus to succeed nor the capacity to learn and achieve more in their lives , hence why they settle for lower skilled work , there is nothing wrong with that . 
  if locals are unemployed while foreigners work for a lower wage than it 's definitely an issue worth discussing, 
  i always preferred the term meat curtains over beef sheets tbf . 
  agreed !, 
  imagine the tough times spent in a danish prison . 
  spanish people are probably the best people i 've ever met in my life . 
  so warm and friendly ... i seriously envy madridile\u00f1os way of living , it 's truly fantastic . 
  so do n't get too worked up over shitty stereotypes , 
  madrid is a fucking nightmare in the summer , i 've never experienced anything like it . 
  edit - the heat that is . 
  remember , you are still in the wodka sphere of influence , bottoms up . 
  winner - ask me who . 
  the question remains , what do you do with the migrants that is acceptable within french and european law . 
  there appears to be little that governments can do these days as far as deporting goes . 
  but a long term solution absolutely needs to be implemented on the french part . 
  correct !, 
  with no way to devalue our currency , with the euro agricultural laws , what competitive leverage can we exactly put at play here ? 
  coupled with failed economic reforms implemented from brussels , the situation is not looking great . 
  i think you must be the only one dude , most people i know are flocking to canada haha !, 
  solid post , i agree !, 
  however you talk about internal consumption and spending . 
  how can we possible stimulate internal spending without control over our currency and the ability to devalue it ? 
  agreed that austerity does nothing to stimulate growth or spending but does that mean that we have to bend over to our euro masters ? 
  the country is in a certain decline !, 
  nothing is being done to rectify it . 
  yeah , except now we 're up to our ears in debt and mass emigration is occurring . 
  we 've never really had a time where we were out of the euro or out of salazar 's isolationist policy . 
  but it 's clear , that the euro ( currency ) is not working . 
  anyways , keep doing what 's best for your nation . 
  that 's why we have elected representatives , to look out for our people . 
  at least one of our countries have got it right !, 
  i understand what you 're saying and i agree in some respects . 
  but at the end of the day , without the consumers , there is no product . 
  apple is doing business in europe , i like to think of the company corporate tax rate as the ` cost of doing business ' to reach that consumer base irrelevant of type of product/reputation etc. 
  but yeah , i get what you 're saying also . 
  what ? 
  you still need to register the company or subsidiary in said country and pay the appropriate taxes . 
  you do n't just bypass the whole tax system because your company was founded in america . 
  so you 're okay with the current 1-2 % tax rate that apple effectively pays on corporate tax ? 
  how does joe bloggs coffee emporium feel when starbucks moves into town and is effectively devoid of any corporate tax responsibilities ? 
  is that fair because they pay vat ? 
  ( just like any other company tbh ) . 
  i 'm packing my bags as we speak . 
  i wonder what the migrant situation is like in munich . 
  i remember when i was at a bus station going to prague in june , literally , the whole bus going to munich were people of mena origin . 
  this was purely an observation !, 
  is there just a fuck tonne of work down there that everyone has work ? 
  deaf man ? 
  he simply has another opinion . 
  do n't be a dick , it 's a simple rule . 
  mainly because everyone is fucking tanked . 
  well your country is a beacon of outsourced shittyness then considering its modern state was founded by 3 european powers ... 
  you might get to see some of that sweet sweet ankle if you 're lucky . 
  i would bear arms as soon as the moroccans stepped foot in cr7 museum . 
  this comment deserves more upvotes . 
  random stabbings in central london against ordinary civilians are not common happenings . 
  what do you do when something like this happens ? 
  just assume all is well and no reform is necessary ? 
  it 's a two way street . 
  most people 's parents pay , all of the americans i have met that are on exchange have their parents pay their rent both overseas and at their respective home university . 
  it 's impossible to pay rent when you work 2/3 days a week in any country i would imagine . 
  but then again , their are welfare payments and rent assistance to people who move out of home so that may also be a factor . 
  you must be real fun at house parties . 
  i thought his comment was well written and articulate . 
  these people want to mooch off our system and then on top of that plot against our people . 
  lock them up , throw away the key , give them a turd sandwich for lunch every day . 
  guys trying to escape to syria to fight a bullshit war , then returning back to reap havoc throughout our societies ?
