in case you 're referring to that troll with the word `` rebel '' ( or is it `` neutral '' ? ), 
  in his username , i 'm not him ( edit : it 's / u/neutrolgreek only took me two submissions to stumble upon him ) . 
  i had n't noticed that my username was similar to his when i created it . 
  check my post history if you want . 
  you just wrote a bit about the events of the last 50 years and the population . 
  mentioning the settlers would be important because there are n't only people that lived in cyprus before the invasion that are part of today 's issue . 
  it 's a part of the history of the occupation . 
  this is a discussion board . 
  people come here to discuss and learn new things about the world , there 's no need to be hostile . 
  no one is in a hurry here because election fraud is taking place and people need to learn the backround of the whole situation so we sure can talk about the history of cyprus to further understand the divide , it certainly is not offtopic . 
  you 're forgetting the turkish settlers sent to live in the occupied regions to legitimize the trnc . 
  the subs we bought off germany were overpriced and they have build defects . 
  http://www.lepointinternational.com/it/politica/europa/550-the-submarine-deals-that-helped-sink-greece-.html  when greek officials traveled to kiel to test the first sub , called the papanikolis , they said that they found that in certain sea conditions the submarine listed to the right . 
  `` the navy said we can not accept this sub , '' said mr. fenekos , the admiral who recently resigned . 
  lovely subs you sent us mate , pity they go a bit sideways though . 
  for greek citizens it 's until the 28th of march . 
  what about people 's properties ? 
  will they be simply given up for the turkish settlers to claim as their own ? 
  i understand the need to move on , but i ca n't shake the feeling that all this positiveness will be lost when the people are going to look for their houses , lands , etc. 
   stirring rubbish fud that poor people will become poorer . 
  judging from greece , poor people did get poorer . 
  the price of basic things like milk , bread , etc was doubled in a year . 
  this does n't sound controversial , this sounds stupid . 
  i 'm actually greek , so i know . 
  the german embassy is in kolonaki , in the block next to the british embassy and two blocks from the pm 's house . 
  it would be really stupid of them to target that place since there are unmarked police cars in the whole area . 
  they do n't want to take him out , they want to send a message . 
  these are not 17n members that were n't afraid of killing important people , they only go up to police officers . 
  also , the attack happened today , it 's not strange for them to deliver their retarded manifesto 3-4 days later . 
  4 people with `` aks '' is n't personal issues . 
  it 's local terrorism . 
  they just chose the house instead of the embassy because it 's probably easier to get there and it 's less protected . 
  i would n't trust the greek news for the type of weapon , they tend to call any black machine gun with a brown handle an ak47 . 
  or any weapon that is n't actually pistol sized . 
  better wait for the actual police report . 
  yeah yeah , all of us evaded tax , shame on us that now all of us are shooting up the ambassador 's house . 
  it 's a long queue since everyone is waiting for their turn at using the machine gun . 
  we have a sea border , it is very hard to police it effectively . 
  on the other hand land is controlled easier . 
    we 've got a humanitarian crisis of our own going on in greece . 
   even if that was n't absolute bullshit , which it is are you living in greece ? 
  or are you speaking only by the bullshit the media is pushing ? 
   that would n't explain why these so called `` refugees '' also whiz throught other european countries such as croatia , hungary , slovenia , and even austria , finland and denmark . 
   somehow , they only feel safe in germany , sweden , and the uk . 
   have you ever wondered why ? 
  i do n't care why . 
  they are not supported in any way by the state here , unless you count putting them in concentration camps help . 
  only organisations and private individuals help them and it 's a drop in the ocean . 
  we 've got a humanitarian crisis of our own going on in greece . 
  our infrastructure was stretched thin before the economic crisis . 
  i think you should be using some other word instead of citizenship , as it 's highly unlikely us greeks are going to give citizenship to anyone . 
  who 's paying for those services ? 
  the immigrants ? 
  it 's ridiculous that those bastards hotel owners kept moaning when the capital controls were initiated , supposedly they were going bankrupt , 70 % reservation cancellations etc. 
  damn political correctness ruining everything . 
  filos , that guy looks nothing like a greek . 
  those mofos have n't gone to andros . 
  you do know we 're not allowed to make reforms on our own , right ? 
  i think it 's called ` unilateral move ' in english . 
   greece will have to overhaul its economic and social structure and update it to the 21st century , which will take time and a lot of pain . 
  this will not be easily accepted by the greek people . 
  we 're all for that , but this is n't what has happened the previous 2 times . 
  i just love the usual shoe-horned in question '' ... and where are you headed towards at the moment ? '' . 
  bitch i do n't tell my mom where i 'm going what makes you think i 'll tell you ??? 
  ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ just ^ ^ going ^ ^ to ^ ^ a ^ ^ friend 's ^ ^ place ^ ^ over ^ ^ there ^ ^ pls ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ `` jardiniere '' ^ ^ me . 
  jesus we need a reform about that , there are n't many wallets that can fit that monster of an id . 
  i 've resorted to walking around with my driving licence , supposedly it 's a public document so it should be accepted during a police check . 
  what would you choose between better salary , job security and better working environment , and shitty salary , getting treated like livestock and fear of getting fired whenever wanted ? 
   greece still has no national healthcare system ; unemployed people have no health insurance , like in the usa . 
  i can assure you , we have a well working healthcare system and unemployed people have health insurance . 
  i do n't know where you got this from . 
  jesus , are you the president of the edessaikos team ? 
  i highly doubt that . 
  italy is the one exporting more virgin olive oil than it actually produces . 
  i do n't know about spanish oil since i have n't tried it boy there is certainly no question about the quality of greek olive oil or the domestic quality controls it has to pass . 
  the russian internet also says that only russian tourists are in ukraine so i would n't listen to them much . 
  yep . 
  i 'm 100 % greek , born and raised in athens and currently studying in london . 
  the amount of ( english ) people that have behaved around me as if i 'm not white is astounding . 
  granted , i now know i do n't want anything to do with their `` whiteness '' but it still weirds me out sometimes . 
  ah , fyrom people . 
  their humour is like their connection to alexander the great : nonexistent . 
  are we running a contest for who 's got it worse ? 
  there 's always someone who 's got it worse . 
  my comment was about the `` see how it [ greece ] turned out ? '' . 
  even though greece did not end up in ussr we did not have the same opportunities as the west , since the west kept ( and keeps ) playing us like pawns . 
   see how it turned out ? 
  you mean that free and democratic greece where civil war and dictatorship were supported by the west ? 
  where the us is still intervening in its domestic affairs ? 
  same in greece . 
  from tv show ? 
  also , homer -  turkey ? 
  what 's this about ? 
  yeah , but even if you bribe them , they still have some standards , they simply are easier on you and overlook simple mistakes . 
  at least in my experience . 
  it 's part of the greek driving license test . 
  when starting the vehicle and leaving the parking space you have to do a mirror check and over the shoulder check or else you get penalised . 
  when you return from the driving test and park the car you again need to check the mirror and over your shoulder before opening the door to get out . 
  rip phone users, 
  failed states that your government created .
