i have a massive boner for the nimitz class aircraft carriers so that russia one just looks ... dodgy ... 
  why should the parents pay for the son 's crimes ? 
  after the muslim occupation of the christian parts the religious strife became much more rare , so much so that christian heresy 's in syria and egypt helped the muslim invasion because they were more tolerant than the byzantine empire . 
  the modern religious strife comes from ww1 and you can clearly see that from the jewish population in north africa and middle east , it went from several hundred thousand in most countries to a few hundred . 
  ah , the imaginary ethnic stats that everybody refers to but they are formed in dept of far right websites from the void of having no actual ethnic stats . 
  they did mostly get along before ww1 ... 
   the city wo n't switch on the central heating ? 
  central heating ? 
  what is that ? 
  do you get hot water/water vapor like you get regular water to heat your houses ? 
  did n't malmo also had problems with rival biker american gangs ? 
  i like your sources on that , i was about to call all of it bullshit but when i saw them i realized that was true . 
  well basically governments get debt to do things ahead of time , like instead of saving money to build a bridge they `` ask for a loan '' , and its assumed that the economic benefit will outweigh interest . 
  if you look at western democracies you see that almost all of them run a deficit every year because they judge that the interest on the debt will be outweigh by the economic growth . 
  not only the government but the whole private sector does it , that is how we got such a huge banking system , so you can imagine what stagnation causes to a economic model that is designed to work by growing . 
  if only there was studies about immigration in eu countries that we could check this out ... 
  but no lets just talk out of our ass , because there are only 2 things that this sub knows about experts . 
  brits are stupid for ignoring them , and they know nothing about immigration in europe, 
  so what is your theory ? 
  the portuguese are a inferior race incapable of managing a country ? 
  bad luck ? 
  or is everything just excuses ? 
  nothing happened in the end of the graph right ? 
  not like a major change in civilization that increased the production of food exponentially or something like that ? 
  just happened because it did . 
   the immigration the article talks about seems to create more issues than it solves , not to mention that it 's temporary and kind of selfish were you to continue it in the long run . 
  i love how europe just takes this bullshit as a fact . 
  yeah lets ignore the studies done in the last 40 years in the us and the last 20 in the uk , immigration is bad !, 
  because ... farage said so, 
   this is exactly the point , literally nobody knows what will happen within a ( significantly ) shrinking population , as there is no precedent for it yet . 
  nop !, 
  actually our economies are fueled with debt and the thing is debt is even if you stagnate you are fucked , if you decrease you are dead . 
  so to fuel our debt economies we have to keep growing and to grow we need inflation and more people or at least the same people but better educated to produce more value . 
  dictatorship that left us with nothing into a 40 year old democracy that ca n't build a economy , just fill the politicians pockets with bribes . 
   ut i was hugely impressed by the road infrastructure that puts many other western european countries good , our prime-minister took a lot of bribes and put the country in bankruptcy for that !, 
  its ok , they are brown , they are almost not human . 
  all the links you posted were from shit sources , i could literally do a paint graph and post to imgur and it would be as worth it as the ones you posted . 
  arent third worlders africans , middle easterners and east asians ? 
  * citation needed *, 
   ton of problems and are yet to become net contributors anywhere . 
  this is false . 
  hahahha you suck ... ^ ^ let ^ ^ me ^ ^ enjoy ^ ^ this ^ ^ while ^ ^ it ^ ^ lasts ^ ^ probably ^ ^ in ^ ^ 3 ^ ^ to ^ ^ 4 ^ ^ years ^ ^ you ^ ^ will ^ ^ be ^ ^ above ^ ^ us, 
  itt : no one knows the definition of secular , instead they are thinking about atheist . 
  no you do n't , you rights do not outweigh the rights of others . 
  i was about to call bullshit on all of that but then i checked your sources and realised it is ok . 
  the nazis hated everyone that were n't nazis ... 
   and islam is about religious superiority . 
  what kind of shit is written on this sub just baffles me . 
  you cant be a nazi if you 're a muslim or vice versa ? 
  i am not understanding what are you trying to imply ... 
  did n't he create a new constitutional were the jury are chosen by him which means that he could potential still control the government through it even if he lost the elections ? 
  i do n't think they control the judicial branch ... 
  hungary is basically a dictartorship , orban controls the 3 branches of power . 
  well actually ... not every irish but the british government at the time were following alan smiths theory and they believed that ireland was overpopulated so some trimming was needed , that is why that ireland kept exporting food and there was also a food blockade that stopped americans from exporting food to ireland . 
  the intent was to kill millions of irish , just not all of them , so depending on the genocode defenition it could be considered one . 
   this is an increasingly controversial viewpoint in the field of byzantine studies . 
  it really does appear the arabs managed to take so much land purely due to exceptional generalship and because at that time islam was more tolerant than christianity and most of christian heresies under the byzantium empire collaborated with the arabs to remove the byzantine ocupation . 
  how many do you want ? 
  i can make a list . 
   ( not saying wilders is a legitimate source ), 
  jew killer ? 
  are you just taking random words out of your ass ? 
  farfetch is a portuguese company . 
  you are confusing belgium with the colony of portuguese belgium, 
  i call bullshit to the affirmation that you said that portugal and spain were against the quotas . 
   it 's not the eu 's fault by the way yes it is , they are taking too much time relocating the refugees , and again you make up even more unsourced bullshit claims . 
  ah the good days of / r/europe where any bullshit gets upvoted . 
  not only portugal and spain have probably the most support for helping refugees at over 50 % but we also have compromised to help every refugee that the eu asked for and the only reason we have n't receive them is because of eu 's bureaucratic process not our unwillingness to receive them . 
  i 'd rather be poor rather than recieving eu funds and having to live with brown people !, 
  portugal and spain are not on that list for sure , so who did you put there to replace us ? 
  i just have to say , thank god this map does n't show us ... 
   can you name any at all ? 
  even one , even outside of britain ? 
  have you ever heard of communist parties ? 
  where do you live ? 
  in portugal of the tens of left wing parties only 2 two support the eu . 
   globalization is a left-wing policy wtf where do you live mate . 
  are you saying that the left made of communist , socialist and workers right groups are responsible for globalization am i being trolled ? 
  are the libertarians included in the anti-globalization axis ? 
   even in america , the left still refuses to accept that they are responsible for the rise of donald trump and the anti-establishment right . 
  oh , you are american . 
  just fyi the democratic party is not left wing , they are at best center right , there is no such thing as left wing the in us , at least like here in europe , here we have socialist in the left , and the social democrats , what most people call bernie sanders , are right wing with our currently elected presindent being center right . 
  what you are seeing in the us is a clash of right wing policies , right wing nationalist and right wing globalist/liberal , but there are no left wing parties or policies in discussion , there are no socialist or communists , the later being commonly associated with workers rights and often against the eu and euro like here in portugal . 
  also another thing , over here in europe we also consider liberals right wing . 
  you know that the tories , a right wing party , was also mostly against brexit ? 
  and that some left wing parties are also against the eu and globalization ? 
  so how about you stop using labels that you do n't know what they mean ? 
  this is the problem of arguing against anti-immigration/far-right folk , everything you say is under extensive scrutiny but they can say anything without providing facts and when you ask them they just change the argument . 
  i could be against immigration or muslims or whatever but you have to provide me with hard evidence on why i should be against my values of equality and freedom of religion because everywhere i look , academic statistics and countries with established immigrant and muslims community , like germany , prove that both things have no or negligibly positive impact . 
  the us is n't a country of 300million software developers, 
  what is the point of being more developed if you live in shit ? 
  and not a single source for the many claims made was provided . 
  its good to see that the opinions on the real world are very different from reddit . 
  so you are going ro choose between flat taxers or right wing populists ? 
  are parties in the netherlands all that shit or are you one of the sand niggers too many people ? 
  actually the debt spending in almost every european country is also on a period low , so there is n't a debt bubble growing right now but there is a debt problem . 
   come on brain drain was a thing before the eu , long before it . 
  and why is it bad to give people the freedom choose their workplace and home themselves ? 
  being able to choose where to work is a good thing i ca n't deny that , but the eu made it a lot easier and the problem is that there are no money transfers between states and when someone leaves his country to work aboard its millions of euros in health , education and security that a government spent to ensure a better future , millions drained from the economy that were wasted . 
  imagine a engineering student that leaves portugal for germany , just in college the portuguese state spent thousands if not millions educating for nothing .
