and yet you included denmark that has the same `` restriction '' . 
  i can tell you tho , without commercial intent and no claims to copyright you have no legal fears from sweden , 
  where does it say that tho ? 
  i cant find it . 
  they even have a guide on how to design the maps for internet publication that says nothing about requiring permission . 
  and / r/sweden quite frequently makes use of scb data and maps are published based off that ... 
  not entirely sure where you 've gotten the idea that data about sweden is copyrighted ? 
  sweden has 120 km/h roads since a couple of years back, 
  and now i understand where ned ( netherland ) flanders is coming from and why everyone hates him . 
  fucked up divisioning of regions ? 
  they tried with sweden , but it 's divided erronously . 
  those are not proper regions here . 
  swede here ...  does n't mean flirting . 
  it 's pretty close to what igelkotten says and what you 've mentioned . 
  for hunting it 's 4 weapons , extended licenses upto 9 weapons can be had , but they have to be `` timed '' licenses . 
  you have to renew them annually or bi-annually and with a very very good reason . 
  some licenses , like semi-automatics or fully automatics are always timed and sometimes as short as a few months to half a year . 
  collectors weapons and licenses they all * have * to be deactivated to be able to get licenses above the usualy 4-9 . 
  also secure storage is still required even if the weapon is deactivated . 
  ca n't have it on open display . 
  and regarding explosives it seems he has not met the storage requirements for those . 
   normally they 're put under a curfew with some community work and then you get a bunch of ... [ misfits ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1548850/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) ... amirite ? 
  naw , they 're iterating more versions of how the six pieces of the moon are on fire and returnining to their badly hearing/slightly deaf friend moon-moon that is 66 years old . 
  not entirely accurate . 
  a lot of the country side in sweden is not mapped by google streetview beyond the larger roads . 
  a majority of the smalltown residential areas are not mapped . 
  my house is not mapped , nor is my sister 's or my father 's . 
  we live 300-600km apart . 
  we shot a male moose , 14 points , somewhere close to 500kg . 
  once the skin , head , feet and innards were removed , it was weighed in at 226,5 kg . 
  of that only 40kg was designated to be minced meat because all other pieces are proper steaks or even filets . 
  so there 's not really that much meat that ends up as minced meat on a moose as you 'd think . 
  proper deboning and you get alot of good steaks or collops from a moose . 
  that point aside , that was a female moose which weighs significantly less than a male which then in turn gives even less minced meat . 
  that 's correct . 
  finnish language uses suffixes ( usually - n / - in ) to make an object or subject definite . 
  a few friends and me were beer tasting one evening and went from ipas to the dark stuff . 
  we finished off with schlenkerla rauchbier m\u00e4rzen . 
  after that beer , all other beers tasted like water . 
  even the next day . 
  you know / r/motorcycles would love this , 
  sweden uses 2013-08-18 11:13:00 as date-time format ... 
  [ avicii - wake me up ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icrbm1l_boi ), 
  oh so 150 cartridges then . 
  race tracks , rich people , no tax income , and i 'd like to make the princess of monaco a milf . 
  in reflection of the swedish population that have tattoos ; 1 of 20 politicians are required to get one . 
  who gets what is decided at random during their inauguration into the ministry . 
  this is to get an equilibrium of tattooed people in office so that there are no discriminations done to that general populus . 
  ( is this analogous to eli5 ? ), 
  yep . 
  very much so . 
  spot on . 
  yep . 
  swedish population 's english proficiency debunked . 
  nope . 
  it 'll ask you for id confirmation through sms , bankid , or certificate . 
  neither of which will be valid if you 're non-finnish ... unless you open a finnish bank-account ofc . . 
  one does not simply walk into dalarna . 
  [ when a swede visits denmark and gets quip from a dane ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sen8tn8cba4 ), 
  so we 're gon na have silithus overcrowded again ? 
  she turned me into a newt !, 
  add to ubisoft and assassin 's creed iirc is that ac was co-produced by all of their little branches around the globe , but majority of the work was done by the canadians on ac . 
  any hp computer that has a serial number that starts with cz was made in czech republic . 
  lies . 
  there are still so many suburb streets in sweden that have n't been covered by the google car . 
  iirc this was a flashmob to promote the orchestra and get people to rediscover the genre and start visiting the local orchestra venues more . 
  i ca n't remember the link/source of it tho . 
  apparently a llama is very aggressive and protective of it 's herd , even if there are sheep among them . 
  kicking and spitting seems to atleast take out the `` easy '' part of the livestock killing . 
  i 'm all for wolves being left alone as they are ( being a hunter in sweden ) . 
  if left alone entirely as is , regions will become unsafe for free-roaming cattle and other domestic animals . 
  it 's not `` just '' elk and deer being chowed down by wolves , it 's more about what 's going to happen when the wolf-population grows beyond the means of the nature to provide . 
  drawing a simplified parallell with rodents and foxes they have a natural `` swing around '' time of about 10 years where there 's either an over-abundance of each species because either the foxes have eaten all the rodents and barely any left which then turns around and we start seeing starving foxes and the pendelum is going around again . 
  now imagine that instead with wolves and elks/deer ... unfortunately , wolves are a fair bit bigger than foxes and quite adaptable ... meaning when the `` natural '' resources are done and easy prey are hurdled into pens they have little reason to search for food elsewhere . 
  what happens ofcourse is that the `` swing around '' time is going to become larger . 
  counter-measures are of course being tested to try and isolate the wolves to their natural habitat and prey , such as llamas guarding sheep , special fences , etc. 
  it 's just a question of tolerance ... the farmers/saami that are testing these things are so far getting compensation for the loss of their animals from the government . 
  sooner or later , the farmers are not gon na wait for hunters and local governance to agree on counter-measures that are humane and poaching will commence ... we used to have a `` licensed '' wolf-hunt here but this year they stopped it based on cries from various wildlife organizations . 
  also the map is horribly outdated , the wolves in sweden are far more stretched out across the mid-section of sweden . 
  we just had a wolf even trekk across from the east-coast to an area 100km from the norwegian border . 
  so you 're saying he 's pining for the fjords ? 
  this guy gets it !, 
  the water might as well be privatized . 
  i 'm billed by the municipality for the rain that falls on my lot because i 'm utilizing their drainage system because of the rain ... 
  if i could turn off the rain i would, 
  if you dont mind sheep getting their heads swiped off by a playful lynx . 
  sure . 
  one foggy christmas eve , santa came to say ... 
  routing wise its actuslly two parts . 
  and its wastly more data for the isp to store i.e. 
  higher costs . 
  so if the wording allows them to ignore said part they will , 
  and i here i just typed an url feeling it would be too obvious to run such a site with that name ... 
  guess i was wrong . 
  since they 're only required to save `` top level browsing history '' . 
  that would basically mean just the domain and not the page itself or even sub/querystring . 
  so unless you goto femaleabuse.com there is little hope that those entries in the history would do them any good for that purpose . 
  they have 10-20 years of rehabilitation . 
  it 's not like jail in a modern institution is just lock and bars . 
  they 're put through rehabilitation to be reintagrated once they get out .
