i understand that ... a majority being protestant does n't mean that all of them were though . 
  i also was n't there when they named the towns but i can tell you that the history is that the settlers were ulster-scots . 
  perhaps some had an affinity for the name `` derry '' regardless of their origin or religion . 
  here in new hampshire ( us ) , we have both a derry and a londonderry right next to each other that were founded by scots-irish from the original city . 
  i guess there was some disagreement about the name here as well ... 
  yes , but was n't the question in 1980 kind of vague ? 
  i believe the circumstances were very different . 
  quebec had their once in a lifetime opportunity in 1996 and lost the vote by a very small margin . 
  i 'm curious to see how the referendum in scotland works out . 
  have you been to boston ? 
  the sizable irish population there definitely continues to have to ties to ireland . 
  plenty of people still keep in contact with extended family back in ireland . 
  there are legitimate communities that still strongly identify as irish . 
  sure there are people who are just irish by descent , but we still have irish with ties to ireland ... you just have to look in the right places . 
  was it wrong for the us to send black athletes to the olympics in nazi germany ? 
  new england is the only region that 's actually officially recognized on a federal level . 
  other regions have varying definitions but at least new england has a solid definition of the six states east of ny . 
  i think the fact that the six new england states make up almost half of the current states with same sex marriage says something about how much more progressive we are than the rest of the country . 
  i think of the region as the `` brain '' of the united states since we 're home to so many of the world 's best universities . 
  we 're home to timberland , staples , lindt , general electric , etc , so we 're definitely sound economically . . 
  i think we 'd be better off if we dropped the dead weight and did our own thing . 
  i 'm american here with qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois and newfie roots ... 
  i think there are people of varying opinions and it would be hard to say what the `` average '' anglophone canadian feels about it . 
  i can understand the linguistic reason for an independent quebec but i also understand that they would be forsaking their fellow francophones that do n't live in quebec . 
  it would also be tricky to have the maritime provinces cut off from the rest of canada too ... 
  i have a friend who studied at dalhousie university in halifax and a professor there had said something about how the maritimes would likely be ceded to the united states if quebec declared independence . 
  the maritimes have much in common with new england anyway and i could actually see something like that working out . 
  i usually root for these sort of independence causes though ... 
  i think governments are more fair and transparent and efficient when it 's executed on a smaller scale . 
  i live in new hampshire , in new england and am much more attached to my state/region that i am my country , if we had a serious discussion about declaring independence from the united states , i would give it serious thought !, 
  who wants to deal with what mississippi and alabama and kansas want when those people live so far from me and are so different culturally and politically ? 
  i 'm sure this is how many people in quebec feel especially because in addition to the culture and politics , it 's also a difference in language . . and a nasty history of their culture and language being suppressed . 
  a mistake made in the fog of a war that could 've been prevented if russia stayed out of ukraine 's business . 
  you did n't add anything meaningful to the conversation , this is exactly what reddit down votes are for . 
  if you had something worthwhile to say , even if it was disagreeing with the reddit hivemind , then it would be wrong to downvote you . 
   we can have a debate about the future role of marriage in society , but it should be about whether we continue to deem this way of life beneficial , if we want to keep it that way and whether gay relationships fit the criteria . 
  `` we want to marry too , because we are not worth less '' is completely missing the point . 
  uhhh , sure sounded like that . 
  why call into question whether same sex marriage is `` beneficial '' to society then ? 
  i 'm plenty reasonable . 
  you just ca n't justify your position because no one can justify that position . 
  separate but equal is not equal , even in the context of the government promoting the nuclear family unit . 
  the government 's job is not to determine which families are worth promoting and which ones are n't . 
  all families matter , whether it 's parents of the opposite sex or of the same sex and it 's beneficial to society to make sure all families are secure and protected by law . 
  whether a straight couple have or intend to have children is n't a criteria for being eligible to marry . 
  my father had a vasectomy years ago , should his right to marry be called into question because of his lack of ability to have children ? 
  what 's the purpose of him marrying someone now if his children are grown and he ca n't have any more ? 
  how is his `` way of life '' beneficial to society ? 
  i mean , you 're just grasping at straws here , dude ... 
  gay marriage is beneficial to gay people , it gives them and their family units ( who are not traditional but are still families ) stability and that in turn benefits all of society . 
  instead of being `` betrothed , '' you 'll be `` butt-buddies . '', 
  i 'm assuming you 're a man , right ? 
  it does concern you and it does have benefits for you . 
  i 'm not some crazy men 's rights activist but i 'm all for real gender equality ( feminism claims to be this but in practice is n't always ) . 
  once courts are dealing with more and more custody cases involving couples of the same sex , things are going to change and women are n't always going to get primary custody automatically like they do now . 
  i do n't know if it 's like that in europe but in the states , women tend to gain custody automatically . 
  also , what if you have a gay kid some day ? 
  i 'm sure you 're going to want them to have the option to get married like their straight counterparts . 
  i posted this in another comment above because i thought the same as you , even though i 'm gay , about ten years ago when the debate started up here in the united states . 
  i figured civil unions were a reasonable substitute . 
  maybe it 's easier for me to understand this being american because of segregation being in our recent past , but this whole separate but equal thing is not true equality and it 's going to just make people feel like second-class citizens . 
  if the catholic church does n't want to endorse gay marriage , then fine , but the government - which is secular - should n't be deciding who can and ca n't use the word `` marriage '' to describe their union . 
  gay people may not be able to have children as easily as heterosexuals but they still want to have children and start a family ... 
  the difference is they have to use adoption or surrogacy to make that happen . 
  also , before civil unions or gay marriage here in the states , there were situations where a person was n't even able to visit their partner of 20 + years in the hospital because they were n't `` immediate family . '', 
  can you imagine how horrible that must be for someone ? 
  and if someone had n't taken the time to get a will done , you also had situations where a persons partner of so many years lost out on inheriting the house or belongings they shared , with it all going to the next of kin instead . 
  i 'm gay and even i was opposed to gay marriage ten years ago because i figured civil unions was a suitable substitute . 
  then i realized how shitty separate but equal was and that it was n't true equality . 
  istanbul had the most attractive people of any city i 've visited , to be honest , haha . 
  i would recommend visiting , even if it 's just for the eye candy . 
  must be the same sort of people that make up the obese population in the us . 
  [ if you see this map , ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/obesity/data/prevalence-maps.html ) the fattest states in the us are in the south . 
  to be fair , the [ rate varies quite a bite by state . 
  ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/obesity/data/prevalence-maps.html ), 
  i was just in istanbul a couple of weeks ago and i saw almost no overweight or obese people ... 
  so this is hard for me to understand unless most of these people are elsewhere in the country . 
  except for thrace , the hunk of the country that is in europe ... 
  i 'm an american and istanbul has been high on my list for a while . 
  visiting for the first time in april . 
  interesting to hear this because i 'm visiting both athens and istanbul for the first time in april ... 
  i live in nh and have traveled pretty extensively around the us and the world and it 's hard for me to imagine myself living anywhere but here . 
  it 's just so quiet and peaceful . 
  i just like that i do n't have to deal with a lot of the crime and bullshit that other parts of the country deal with . 
  we may be pretty homogeneously white but the immigrants that i have met here are pretty great people - our biggest refugee population being bhutanese that fled persecution from buddhists ( they 're hindu , i believe . ), 
  i worked in one of the schools in maine with a large amount of somali children and they seemed to behave pretty well until i went into one of the restrooms and someone had smeared shit all over the entire room . 
  all over the walls , the sinks , the urinals , the floor , etc. 
  it was pretty bad . 
  i do n't know if it was someone 's way of acting out or what but that is certainly something i had never seen before in six years of working in different schools . 
  this is nothing new in the uk . 
  i 'm in the states and even i have seen all those tv specials they love to air over there about how much people take advantage of the welfare system . 
  granted , from what i 've seen , there are a lot of native brits taking advantage of it too . 
  i believe one of the programs was called `` on benefits and proud . '', 
  another thing to keep in mind is that welfare in the united states is a whole different animal than the sort of welfare you see in western europe . 
  it 's not easy at all to get free housing here , even if you 're a dirt poor single mother . 
  this is why it 's so mind blowing to me to see someone that thinks they 're entitled to a free home or whatever . 
  if i ca n't pay my rent , i 'm out on the street , haha . 
  i , like plenty of other people in europe and north america , are only a few hundreds of dollars away from being homeless and without a penny to my name . 
  yeah , i 'm not saying do n't shelter refugees , haha . 
  did you see the picture in this article ?
