do n't worry my guy . 
  people on / r/unitedkingdom are not very common . 
  most of us just want to get on with our lives . 
  so long as you have a useful talent to bring to the uk , you 'll be welcome here . 
  i said that brexit was n't `` pretty much a tie '' and got assfucked by downvotes . 
  i would dread to meet people like them in real life . 
  when was it tried ? 
  i 'm not up to date on my history . 
  i like the idea of an eu , but not * this * eu . 
  the eu is trying too hard to push federalism . 
  the cultures are just too different . 
  ca n't we just have a new eu with less aggressive regulation ? 
  it 's not stable at all . 
  it 'll fall apart , as similar agreements have done in history . 
  also to be pedantic about it - it 's not an * official * coalition . 
  it 's an agreement where if the tories do things that match the dup 's plan , they 'll vote for tory bills . 
  and malta , and cyprus . 
  yes . 
  i 'm incredibly hopeful for this . 
  there are some muslim immigrants here that are perfectly fine with homosexuality , and i hope their religious brethren can learn from them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexuality_and_the_anglican_communion#2016_primates.e2.80.99_meeting the church of england is a bit late to the party , but is making a turn in the right direction . 
  they 're opposed as well . 
  illiberal-ism is a threat to all gay people , but i personally believe that the homosexuals in our countries should continue to be able to express themselves and their gayness freely without fear of persecution from anyone . 
  it just so happens that it 's mass islamic immigration rather than mass christian immigration . 
  we should focus on homophobia everywhere , though . 
  the population of muslim nations are strongly opposed to homosexuality . 
  but when majority christian counties like the uk , us , etc. 
  have a majority that do not harbour ill will to homosexuality , and places like ksa , iraq , literally any majority muslim country have laws against homosexuality ... 
  it 's safe to say that christianity has modernised . 
  well if you knowingly venerate a man who had send with a 9 year old girl and had a large bone ( accidental innuendo ) to pick with gay people , you 're probably a bit shitty . 
  i do n't know . 
  demographic shift seems to be a problem , and islam is fundamentally opposed to homosexuality . 
  not really . 
  it 's going to be a fight between tories and snp + libdem . 
  remain voters who believe that brexit should be cancelled/soft will support libdems , remainers who also want scotland to be independent will vote snp . 
  leave voters should just vote tory . 
  none of those being a smart choice . 
  he 's an incompetent buffoon who ca n't find a train seat , let alone manage a country . 
  also , labour 's nearly gone anyway and killing it is the kind thing to do . 
  melon chin ? 
  those end nodes come in handy . 
  https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=17.1&amp;d=21.8&amp;g=50.8&amp;s=47.1 disagree with the neo-liberal label . 
  british . 
  what 's odd is that my town has a very low muslim population , especially around where the tesco is . 
  we 've got two large aisles at my local tesco dedicated to foreign food . 
  there 's polish , chinese , japanese , american , indian , and middle eastern . 
  now that ramadan has started , the big seasonal bit at the front is dedicated to that . 
  i come from one of the poorest neighbourhoods in a poor town . 
  many people here do n't work , because they know that the government will more or less pay them for existing if they have enough kids . 
  i do n't think people should get away without working for their whole life , and * especially not * on the money of other people . 
  sorry , my mistake, 
  * looks at my post history * fuck sort of . 
  i 've got friends that share some views with me , so naturally i talk to them about politics . 
  however , no one i know in real life knows the full extent of my bigotry-intermixed-with-libertarianism . 
  i would n't talk to any non-friends about politics at all . 
  i 'm very anti-immigration , so apparently i hate people for being a different race . 
  i 'm strongly against the big state and taxation , so i apparently hate poor people . 
  talking about these things with anyone outside my circle would be social/career suicide . 
  probably canada or the us . 
  same language , great people . 
  would n't it be malta ? 
  fuck - france . 
  it 's like the reverse of hooking up with an ex . 
  marry - probably ireland , as they 're the only european country to remotely tolerate our tourists . 
  just dissolve already, 
  the buf ( british union of fascists ) was broken up by the government in the 40s , and now we have no true fascist parties with real influence . 
  yes , the bnp ( and their facebook buddies , britain first - a page with over a million likes ) and the nf still exist , but they 're non-issues at this point . 
  national action was proscribed last year , but they were less of a party and more of a paramilitary group without the military part . 
  pizza, 
  nope nope nope . 
  where 's the neoliberal/libertarian dream team in europe ? 
  we sort of sculpted the modern world . 
  many of my friends are liberal on most things except immigration and nationalism . 
  i agree with them , to be honest . 
  i do n't hate any race , but i ca n't help but think that islam is really shitty for everyone involved except rich men . 
  also uk best falklands will always be falklands, 
  i do n't like the idea personally , but it seems like the only way to have an equal footing against africa , china , and the us . 
  https://gyazo.com/9c3522a00f4ea96130a02d292da72328 welcome to the capitalist ethnostate !, 
  mcnukes \u2122 are on the left , and flags are on the right . 
  two parents , two/three children , maybe a dog or a cat . 
  your country dislikes us unruly southerners . 
  yes . 
  i think that britain is a great country and we should aim to become even better . 
  surely the cornwall-london income gap is smaller than that of a rural poland-paris income gap ? 
  it 's more work needed , and more people to assist . 
  yes , there are more taxpayers , but many places in eastern europe are far poorer than cornwall . 
  not to mention our infrastructure is generally better than that of the east , so that 's more work as well . 
  high earners should not be taxed much more than others . 
  i understand the idea behind it ( they have more so they should pay more ) , but a. even if everyone paid a flat 25 % tax , the rich would still pay more than the middle earners , and b. it 's unfair that genuine hard workers who have toiled their whole life to earn large amounts of money are lumped in with inheritors and bankers , an are forced to surrender nearly half of their earnings . 
  it 's a slap in the face to those who have worked their way up . 
  you do well , and the government penalizes you for that . 
  i see the mistake that i have made in my third point . 
  i meant to say that i do not want to undergo large unnecessary financial hardship for the benefit of others far away . 
  but , there is a higher chance that development in cornwall will benefit me than development in poland , etc. 
  it 's closer , and so benefits my local community and i a slight . 
  `` fixing '' eastern europe is also more expensive than fixing cornwall . 
  in regards to your points about immigration , i must disagree . 
  i 'm ok with high-skilled immigration , but when they come here to shelf-stack and run tills , it 's not filling any shortages we have . 
  if someone comes from ghana to be a doctor here , then that 's great . 
  if they come to do jobs that we have no shortage for , what do we gain ?
