  everybody speaks both languages perfectly , there is no problem for the people here , only you guys try to find a problem where there 's any, 
  your comment is pure blasphemy , and it clearly shows that you have not been in catalonia , or if you have you definitely did n't talk to the normal people . 
  there 's a lot of only-spanish speaking people who are in favour of the independence with the organization sumate . 
  everybody speaks and respects the spanish language since it is natural patrimony of catalonia and it has been told many times , in an independent catalonia , both languages would be cooficial . 
  i dislike how you put all catalans in the same bag . 
  `` catalan victimism ? '', 
  do your parents teach you to hate us when you 're a child ? 
  i 'm in fact really curious . 
  you just got ta read your last comments and you can clearly see that you do not like catalans . 
  but they do make laws in the blink of an eye when it 's in their interest , the excuse that the constitution does not allow it is pure bullshit . 
  if pp or psoe were real democrats they would listen to millions of catalans asking to vote , nothing else , just to perform democracy . 
  and we would have never reached this point . 
  what about spain ? 
  dude , we do have things in common , right ? 
  like , for instance , food !, 
  right ? 
  in the uk they use olive oil like in spa ... wait ... not really food ... maybe something else , hmmm , like democracy ? 
  oh germany , they have it ; uk , they have it and so does france !, 
  oh crap , spain is still a dictatorship , dammit !, 
  we really do not have anything in common , man , you were right !, 
  / s about spanish government denying democracy in catalonia, 
  hopefully from now till 2017 we fix most of the current issues that we have in the eu , and the brits will most likely choose to stay , 
  thanks mate . 
  i hope we can fix many things that need to be fixed with eu by the time the referendum takes place . 
  and i do hope they choose to stay . 
  good !, 
  can anyone tell me when 's the referendum gon na take place , and do any of you have a poll ? 
  personally , i hope they stay in the eu , i believe in a brighter future of such union . 
  i 'd love to know what the brits think !, 
  you fucking nailed the catalans , i laughed my ass off with `` weird dances '' , he 's referring to [ `` sardanes '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfvlxf61grk ) , an old tradicional dance from the region which has weird music and it 's weird af in general !, 
  then maybe the system needs a change , you can not blame the people abusing it , they 're not trying to invade you , just to get a better life . 
  and you have the tools to provide them such . 
  there should be an unification in this matter all around eu , it makes sense for me ... 
  and why the fuck do n't we stop this bullshit ? 
  and try to make the spanish people living in the uk integrate , and the other way around , make the brits in spain integrate as well , and provide them ways to learn the language . 
  these speeches and the politics nowadays make people `` dislike '' people from other countries . 
  i come from barcelona , which is extremely multicultural , i 've met many brits who live here and i actually live with a finish girl who came to work here , and i always do things with them and help them . 
  i 'll study my master degree in the uk in environmental engineering next year and now i 'm worried that i would not be treated the same way , or looked at different . 
  thanks mate , 
  so this is clearly extreme right-wing , is n't it ? 
  only 2 sigma though , it is kinda low ... :(, 
  starting to move to barcelona city , gracia neighborhood with some friends . 
  leaving my parent 's house , so exited , 
  how about we end the fucking war ? 
  if half of the us army and half the chinese invade siria and iraq in 20 minutes isis is gone for good . 
  and then we can rebuild siria from the roots and make a safe place for their people . 
  i know it sounds drastic , but this is a catastrophic situation and we need drastic measures . 
  opinions ? 
  does it sound insane ? 
  i never said it was wrong , i was just stating facts . 
  i 'm not talking about zapatero . 
  i 'm talking with pedro s\u00e1nchez now, 
  in spain there is . 
  psoe , the socialists , they are as corrupt as pp , the right-wing who are ruling now . 
  they pretend to be cool and open-minded but in reality they are the same shit . 
  but on paper : socialists , left-wing , and anti-ilegal immigration . 
  so you 're wishing suffering and death to a person who , according to you , committed a big crime when he publicly shared classified files from the us government acting against the rights of millions of people , only for their own benefit . 
  a `` crime '' seen as an heroic act for millions of people . 
  my friend , you should reconsider some things in life . 
  you talk about assassination and `` legal execution '' like you were not speaking of a person ... 
  oh sure yeah he 's a traitor and the us government did n't spy on us illegally , actually , it was morally right and the right thing to do . 
  sure . 
  what ? 
  so now laws take priority to morals and ethics ? 
  oh right , then in gambia where being gay is punished by life imprisonment or even death , that is moral , right ? 
  i do n't know what kind of person you must be to wish the death of somebody , specially someone that has only done good things for the humankind and is a wonderful person . 
  ( edit for typo ), 
  snowden is a hero . 
  sure , he 's done illegal things . 
  but moral goes before laws , and he 's done the right thing by showing the truth to the world . 
  the fact that they want to imprison him shows how fucked up is the us government . 
  damn !, 
  that 's what i get for typing fast and not reading before posting , thx , 
  my opinion here is very simple . 
  this is horrible , and i wish it was not done . 
  however , at least they do it mainly for the purpose of getting food . 
  is there any other ways to feed the population without killing whales ? 
  sure , i will not get into that . 
  just a reminder to all the actvists , in spain , bullfighting is still allowed , where thousands of people watch a guy butcher a bull with spades and lose all his blood for pure entertainment and amusement . 
  this is even more horrible , and it happens every day in many locations . 
  sure , and also they 're only about 80k people , of which only 15k are censed there , so the sample size of the data is pretty small . 
  italy and spain top 1 and top 3 , and there 's still people who think that we live in the third world . 
  our public sanity is very good , although we 're struggling to maintain it now . 
  and i guess we eat kinda healthy , 
  russia , as always , moving backwards instead of forward when it comes to progress and achieving a modern society ... 
  they do n't deserve the entitlement of human beings , thus their life is not worth anything . 
  in my opinion they deserve death, 
  c 's is like the pp but rebranded , changing the name and putting a young face to attract new and younger people , but at the end of the day c 's is an extreme right party with the same politics as pp , just that they pretend to not be catholic and corrupted . 
  ( just my opinion jeje ), 
  i can only say that my ass hurts ... 
  that is 100 % true , you should revise your facts . 
  the abortion law was passed , but after a while they `` rewrote '' it , basically for political interest , cause the majority of the population was against it , even a bunch of their own voters , so my statement was true : `` old fashioned , close-minded laws like the prohibition of the abortion '', 
  sunburnt . 
  i live in the vatican . 
  me and my dude the pope, 
  dafuq i lived in denmark for over half a year and i spread the word about popcorn time all along my friends ... 
  so in order everybody understands how bad spanish people are when voting , pp ( right wing party on power now ) passed that law , and many other old fashoned close-minded laws like the prohibition of the abortion or the educational reform that attacks the autonomic lenguages , and they are still on top of all polls . 
  i see it is very likely that russia is behind the hooting down that plane , but i still do n't see a reason why to shoot down a plane full of civilians coming from the nederlands . 
  can anybody enlighten ? 
  i 'm not so sure ...
