they are right-wing , and i would say far right covered in fake progressism, 
  could be . 
  it is only about 30.000 people though , i mean it is like a small city . 
  thanks , that 's exactly my point, 
  guys remember pp voters are like football hooligans , they will vote them regardless of what they do ... 
  i can not understand how , even if you 're right-wing , would vote for the dumbass that is rajoy . 
  what about sardinians , do they still want independence from peninsular italy ? 
  i hear you now , 
  the leader of csqp ( coalition between podemos , icv and equo , not only podemos ) , llu\u00eds rabell , just said their votes count neither for yes or no . 
  so what i said is completely true . 
  plus , internally , there 's many people who support independence but they do n't want it declared unilaterally . 
  so a referendum needs to be done , cause it is very probable that a yes would come out of this , since all the parties that are completely against independence sum 39 % of the votes ( psc , c 's , pp , unio ), 
  47.8 % in favour , 39 % against . 
  csqp said their votes do not count either for yes or no . 
  a proper referendum needs to be done , but the spanish government are retards and will never allow it, 
  we will see what the international media says about it , but in any case it is super close , and a referendum needs to be done . 
  pablo iglesias is not even on the party . 
  llu\u00eds rabell , the # 1 on the catalunya s\u00ed que es pot party just said their votes do not count for no since they have a bit of everything . 
  47 % yes , 39 % no , 11 % yes/no . 
  i see a majority in favour, 
  47 % yes , 39 % no , 11 % yes/no . 
  if you do n't want to see it it is not my problem , but independence clearly won, 
  independence won today . 
  the process to found a new state begins, 
  yeah . 
  i never said this is a referendum though , i mean it as plebiscitary elections . 
  a referendum with a clear question and only yes / no answers would be the best way to solve the issue , but oh well ... 
  i am surprisingly nervous right now, 
  thanks , i really appreciate it . 
  it is nice to see that foreigners understand our struggle . 
  thanks , but as we said multiple times , we would definitely change this elections for a proper referendum right away . 
  but pp will never change his mind, 
  oh , sure , they keep insisting that it is a normal election , but obama , juncker , merkel , cameron and worldwide media are talking about it . 
  sure , a regular regional election ... 
  this is about founding a new state , about founding a republic !, 
  `` garraf\u00f3n '' means basically low quality shit , like you know cheapest beer with water to make it cheaper , served really cold so you do n't notice ( until the next day when you have the craziest hangover ), 
  it would be kinda the same in , if you earn 10 $ / h which is pretty average , you can get 4-5-6 beers in a bar depending the place . 
  35 an hour is fucking insane tho, 
  does anybody know the numbers from the us ? 
  it comes from a little village in the netherlands named gouda  once i passed that town by train and i thought : `` gouda , like the cheese ! '', 
  and it turns out that it comes from there lol, 
  dude , what ? 
  of course not . 
  catalonia is fighting for independence from spain , sardinia from italy , bavaria form germany , et cetera ... 
  but df does not represent the majority of the danes . 
  and specially not people from cph who tend to be more left-wing than the rest of the country ... 
  df is basically destroying the values that the danes have built up during so many years . 
  i lived in cph and i 've seen it first hand . 
  the situation is pretty fucked up ... 
  what do you mean , exactly , by separatism being ilegal ? 
  this reminds me of the first episode of black mirror soooo much, 
  holy cow , what 's the matter with the uk , if you fall into the arcades of vice , you better be rich !!, 
  i wo n't have a problem though , i might not be rich but i 'm hella healthy !, 
   edit : rich , not reach , lol, 
  that is the sad truth , we live in a europe ruled by financial markets and troika , not by our people ... 
  hahaha this is hilarious xd, 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  there 's fare more people getting harassed for being a muslim , for instance , than gay people . 
  which shows that our society in spain , right now , is far more racist than homophobe . 
  and with more time , gay integration can only get better , which is wonderful , 
  we might be economically fucked up and ruled by a bunch of close-minded fucks ... but spain approved gay marriage in 2005 , and after 10 years i can only say that gays are now 100 % socially accepted and it is the most natural thing to see couples walking around holding hands , or even with a child . 
  it has been very good for our society , imo . 
  spaniard here . 
  brb invading your country, 
  true . 
  i always refer as ppsoe both parties . 
  same shit, 
  i 've seen many comments with the reasons why we want independence . 
  it 's not only economical and cultural , as many people think . 
  i believe that the main reason above these two is having our own government . 
  catalonia is tired of the stupid ancient laws that pp brings up ( party leading in spain that has no relevance in catalonia ) , specially the ones that directly attack our language like wert 's law . 
  also , catalonia is super plural politically speaking , way more than spain where there is mainly two parties with 60 % of the votes . 
  damn !, 
  thanks for clearing that out, 
  yeah , sure . 
  we will keep doing our way, 
  this is our pacific and democratic movement . 
  we want to decide our future freely, 
  improving it how ? 
  if there 's 10m people that vote for pp every election regardless of what they do , they 're like football hoolligans . 
  there is no room for improvement for us . 
  we just want to decide our future freely, 
  do n't be that butthurt , you know we will . 
  if even kicking out greece of the eurozone was bad for the eu , come on ... we will see, 
  been there this summer . 
  also to krka waterfalls . 
  a piece of heaven , literally . 
  awesome experience . 
  polls show that pp with rajoy at the front will win again the general elections in november . 
  there is no hope for us , just breaking away from this political shithole that is spain, 
  euro . 
  catalonia will never exit the ue , eurozone or schemgen , it would be eu 's nightmare . 
  eu will put a deal on the table if something happens, 
  for instance , attacking our lenguage . 
  wert ` slaw main intention was to destroy a system that is working well ( all the catalans speak both languages natively , and , fun fact , they average a higher grade than the people from the rest of spain in the exam before joinng university ) and to make people speak more spanish and less catalan . 
  beautiful picture indeed , 
  you 're british yet you understand what is going on better than the average spanish person . 
  what the crap did i just read ?? 
  in what world do you live in ? 
  it is the complete opposite , i 've had at least 80 % of my classes in spanish in the university , while there is a majority of catalan speakers .
