  polls say pp will win again ... 
  it is funny how the whole scandinavia makes fun of sweden !, 
  haha it is like the fool blond girl of the group . 
  and you guys know what 's the funniest thing ? 
  that pp , the ultra-right conservative party that enforced this law , will again win the general elections this november ( according to the polls ) . 
  people who vote this party are like football hooligans , they will vote them regardless of what they do ... 
  nothing if you do it in english , cause they 'll not understand you, 
  occitan is a dialect in southern france which is very close to catalan . 
  it is not as widely spoken as the map shows , of course . 
  it is actually almost dead , but it 's funny cause it has the same word , `` formatge '' , than catalan . 
  i miss cheese threads too !, 
  andorra , san marino , monaco , god dammit these folks do have money !, 
  wow , i 'd literally be shitting my pants . 
  glad everybody is safe now , 
  as a spaniard , i feel ashamed of this . 
  he does not deserve the entitlement of a human being . 
  completely disgusting . 
  true . 
  i do n't think that pp 's economic policies had much to do with the improvement though , but anyway , let 's be happy and keep working , 
  data from 2007 ? 
  this is very old , i think less people smoke nowadays, 
  no matter how you wan na interpret it , this is is good news for spain . 
  where i live , catalonia , we have 19.10 % right now , 4.3 % less than last year . 
  yeah , tourism has to do with it but still , good news , i hope it keeps going down !, 
  true !, 
  but in any case it is good that i do n't know anybody cause this means that they probably have a very decent life quality with nowaday 's medications, 
  is n't it like very high 0.3 % ( spain , for instance ) this is 1 person out of 300 , i 've never met someone with aids ... 
  nor someone that knows somebody with the disease either ... 
  i agree w / you . 
  although i still think the population should have abetter awareness of what the product does and how bad it is for your body , some students take 2 or 3 per day for studying during exam periods , and that 's really bad !, 
  no matter what filter they apply you can always use a vpn , but the fact that they want to make it ilegal is pretty scary . 
  child protection should be done by parents , and there 's tools for it . 
  dude , really ? 
  are you really trying to prove that being gay is the same in russia than the rest of europe , where they can even marry and have the same rights that everybody has ? 
  i 'm not saying all russians hate gay people and want to beat the crap out of them , but you guys are definitely half a century behind on that matter and it is pretty fucked up, 
  is turkey a member of eu ? 
  i am the only one who did n't know that ? 
  if someone can enlighten ... , 
  do you guys think that same-sex marriage will ever be allowed in russia ? 
  i think maybe in like 40 years, 
  insanely high in spain as well , hmm ... does anybody have another source ? 
  i do not think that , at all !, 
  i 've met a lot of lovely danes and i do not think they 're cold , at least they were very warm with me  we had a lot of fun together !, 
  i just came back to barcelona from my erasmus stay in copenhagen . 
  met people from a lot of eu countries . 
  the experience is truly unique , 10/10 . 
  so it is a no for greece !, 
  can i ask why varoufakis speaks english so good ? 
  why any politician in spain speaks it ? 
  fun fact : varoufakis 's wife is the girl from common people - pulp . 
  true that . 
  usually , when you find olive oil in some other country that does n't use it , it 's italian olive oil . 
  usa and denmark are two examples that come to my mind !, 
  spain is beautiful , 
  my position today is #noforgrece , enough of this troika politics !, 
  i wish the no wins , it will be the best for the greek people in my opinion, 
  i 'm with you my friend , greece should vote no !, 
  good luck tomorrow  #saynototroikapolitics, 
  how would a worst spain make look catalonian independence better ? 
  then i 'd want everybody to vote pp , which they clearly create a lot of independentists . 
  and that 's not the case , we catalans want the best for our country that is spain regardless of how we feel about independence , believe it or not . 
  half of my family is from madrid and they respect how i feel . 
  i feel catalan , but overall , spanish . 
  in my perspective wanting the independence does not have anything to do about this  . 
  i do n't suport extreme close-minded independentists at all my friend !, 
  just saw the typo , my bad , i meant co-official, 
  damn you greece , go home , you 're drunk !, 
  nah , seriously , i am with the greek people , we got ta find a solution !, 
  really ? 
  i am really worried . 
  they won everywhere . 
  close , but still , they were the most voted party overall . 
  except in catalonia where they only lose more votes every time , haha . 
  do you think podemos is gon na win the generals in november ? 
  i did n't say switch their native language , i said accepting english as a co-official language . 
  i never said they should switch it with danish , that would be stupid since it 's their native language and their identity . 
  english though , is widely spoken and they are perfect bilinguals , and making it co-official would be a huge step for denmark , which has a rising economy and wants to be a little more internationalized, 
  well said , it is something that will never change . 
  gay rights are deep down in the society now in spain . 
  as said above by someone , pp voters are generally old people who root for them like crazy , no matter what , they 're like hooligans . 
  gladly new politics are rising and young people are tired of this shit !, 
  i do n't know why you get downvoted , many pp members are sons or people who militated at the falange ( franco 's party ) . 
  this does not mean that everybody in that party is involved , but it is clearly a close minded right party that favours the rich people and private companies , a modern evolution to what falange was . 
  i really hope people will vote wisely this time . 
  spain can not handle another pp mandate , specially with rajoy as a pm , he is very incompetent and he can not even speak another language that 's not spanish . 
  i hope spanish citizens have a little bit of memory and vote against pp in the upcoming general election . 
  i do n't know how , but people still vote them ... 
  then 7/9 if you count that pp and uni\u00f3 are the only ones against it , i believe most of the ciu voters are in favour of it though , but clearly it 's not the most pro-gay rights party as some other leftwing parties . 
  c 's though is on the right and they do n't seem to be against it , but my point is that around 80 % is in favour of it so it is completely socialy accepted now , which is awesome . 
  this is really bad news for denmark , specially copenhagen . 
  df will destroy what they 've been building the last few years . 
  english education , su ( the money that you get monthly for being enrolled to a full education programme in denmark , bachelor/master ) for international students , they want to shut down christiania , increase the amount of police in the streets and put cameras everywhere , and do n't even get me started on immigrants cause they want to get rid of them , but they do n't say it straight away ... 
  the current government were even considering accepting english as an official language , and of course df are completely against that ... 
  please , reference that cause i 've been following pablo iglesias and i really doubt he said something like that , specially about ukraine ... 
  this . 
  absolutely brilliant , they are heroes . 
  i have a bit more faith in humanity , we have to get rid of these crazy terrorists asap . 
  rip for the dead and families , 
  luckily , close-minded people who do not understand this are not the future . 
  open-minded people are .
