  movie theaters gain big portion of the profit from food sales and not ticket sales . 
  they try to use that and give lower ticket prices . 
  quite a few nsfw subs also went dark . 
  are you fucking saying my nose is too large !? 
  thanks , having extra limb has it 's advantages but the damn public discrimination and inability to marry people really takes it toll !, 
  and lawnmowers . 
  who knows if those are the same mods . 
  / conspiracy, 
  and what ? 
  when you have 5 people and the host needs to leave and the rest wants to keep playing you still need to manually locate the world file , upload it somewhere and send it to whoever will host next . . no idea what your point is . 
  there is no way they themselves could provide the content comparable to what is now available in mods . 
  but , they can make minecraft better for modders , since i hear that there is a lot of hassle with it now . 
  oh you are talking about ones with seats , which are pretty much tractors ? 
  hopefully when they see low ratings they will not assume that people do not want robot wars , and just fix the show . 
  poached eggs can be tricky . 
  he still uses xp . 
  everyone needs to watch it at least 3 times . 
  first rule of the internet : every solution to a problem can be derived from p0rn . 
  things like these makes me worried that some day someone like that will miss a jump and fall on several people , thus killing them . 
  damn , this is the best robit !, 
  obviously it is probably banned in places like / r/wtf . 
  oh that 's actually interesting way to respond to requests . 
  mr.popo poops them out . 
  that creepy bastard . 
  meh there are dozens of us . 
  i wish i was taller . 
  then again being able to hide can be advantage after ww3 . 
  yea but risking losing savefiles is not worth it at the moment . 
  but this clearly shows oppression of russian people in poland !, 
  not with that attitude !, 
  here they are , + wet and cold which did not fit . 
  i think that is the prequel to airplane . 
  ok , that 's cool one . 
  / r/outside, 
  nah , this makes it even more exciting !, 
  overtaking google pretty much is impossible , with resources they have to work on their engine . 
  wait until normal content creators move away and only sponsored stuff remains on reddit , where you will be spoon fed the content someone wants you to consume in order to promote something . 
  oh the one started by one true god ? 
  as if it 's not fucked already , especially after temp league transitions . 
  now even smarter than before after that !, 
  when you have so much of something it tends to get diluted and not that great . 
  and that is not surprising in any way , knowing her history and other stuff , no other response could have been achieved , only time will show how much she was sincere . 
  yea looks like you moved your ch off him at the last moment . 
  i would like one , thanks . 
  not until you get enb + 4k textures . 
  that makes these hot summer days even hotter . 
  hold on , i think that guy might have mistyped out of excitement , i think he wanted to ask what is the gender of the baby . 
  for some reason , i hated the smell of them/whatever they were made of . 
  oh , the national latvian attire . 
  probably age reduction by villain . 
  a sport where not only the audience gets bored quickly but also the players . 
  there is sub-zero in the gif ? 
  i love o'sullivan play-style , always fun to watch . 
  did not happen in skyrim . 
  i , and iiheard a lot of other people , focused on main quest first and finished it quick so that we could enjoy all the side quests ( cicero you twat ) . 
  sure . . 
  blame it on the bee . . definitely not cup challenge !, 
  why towel ? 
  if i would try to spray them down i would certainly fuck it up and kill none of them . 
  but i get so many smoke kills so i have that going for me . 
  for me is comparison terraria vs starbound ( sure they are different so hard comparison ) . 
  starbound has so much planets and items which are randomly generated that all of them are pretty dull and boring . 
  no it 's the one about kid detective . 
  must be a lanister . 
  or targaryen . 
  after you have been on reddit long enough you will always expect dickbutt . 
  would be interesting , though i sometimes have weird graphs , totally suck during one half , sitting at bottom of scoreboard . 
  then after we switch sides i manage to do a lot more and get to the top . 
  my adr during these 2 periods would be very different . 
  it kinda does help . 
  you can evaluate people better and know who to allocate the guns if someone has a bad day . 
  i always try to drop my guns if they are low on money and doing better on that game than me . 
  gold is exciting even when you have 100k + karma . 
  but usually the comments where i put least effort gets gilded . 
  or jokes about miscarriages . . reddit is beyond my comprehension . 
  this happens for me when our team has couple toxic people . 
  they can demotivate you fast . 
  you got to be kidding me . . 
  thanks whoever did that . 
  nope , we use word gas for natural gas . 
  sometimes we say liquefied gas in some places , but that 's just the form of it . 
  a lot of places in europe has alcohol ad ban or have the time when they can be shown restricted to very late in the evening . 
  ( 23:00 + or something like that ) . 
  yea , cs : go requires a bit more space . 
  i bought a cheap ( well relatively cheap , 5eur ) acme one and it turned out to be pretty great . 
  is it only regular ones when you have < 10g and golden ones when you have  10g . 
  with just 2 groups of random drops ? 
  why did you add the guy on the right ? 
  well go watch your boring stick-ball sport . 
  who will give russia the money if greece sucks brics bank dry ? 
  not sure what you are referring to , but most water first world countries use is not wasted . 
  that 's one of the problems in third world countries , they have poor water treatment infrastructure . 
  a lot of worst parts of reddit went there , which made voat creators get in trouble . 
  i would not rush there . 
  after 1k cycles . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  at first i wondered who does not use a bathroom . 
  then i remembered that the pope goes to the woods . 
  it 's not like not naming it that made the movie any better . 
  also rapidly ageing population in china due to one child policy + healthy life expectancy drop in russia .
