  wait . . do n't they mean more than 15000 in a way that ( 15000 , n ] where n is the technical lim ? 
  technology is just not there yet , we ca n't capture sounds . 
  nah , i would prefer owning alphabet . 
  that 's how you get hep c. two birds one stone !, 
  you literally sound like someone who never listened to any macroeconomic/global economy lecture or read any real literature about it . . 
  thanks for the amazing emt who pressed save !, 
  there are tons of those dumb herbivores but lions are endangered, 
  maybe it is purely theoretical with lots of math ? 
  this math probably is a bit more complicated , but we did similar things during our lectures when playing around with pure statistics/math where we can use symmetrically distributed random variables and check how that affects something versus some more odd distribution where one of the tails are very heavy . 
  i would imagine that the base of the idea would be similar just every part of math is a bit longer and more complicated . 
  in my country snow will not matter but we will have classes canceled if it is -25 c or colder . 
  well often they are both at the same time . 
  it might be related to how cold works in different regions . 
  maybe the -25 is more dangerous in eastern europe than california due to difference in humidity and other factors ? 
  in uni we also did not care about -25 or -28 we still had lectures , but for little school children it might be worse . 
  we do n't really have dedicated school buses here ( except some of the rural schools ) so kids have to use public transportation ( some of it not heated ) or walk , which might be dangerous depending on variables . 
  valve slowly turning into something despicable like ea and ubisoft without even releasing new games . 
  well even normal masterchef is pretty decent in terms of the way people get treated . 
  i prefer it to the kids one , but it sadly lost a lot in quality . 
  i have a leather case which i also put my documents in and cash/card in their slots . 
  this way i do n't need to carry a wallet . 
  i am overprotective of my phone so there is that . 
  yea but a lot of people had to deal with the shitty support and saw the huge cashgrab they tried to do with the paid mods . 
  their mismanagement of csgo is juts one of the drops in a bucket of problems . 
  still better than spiderman 3 . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone surviving that . 
  i am really trying to remember what it was but fine bros did other stuff to curb the competition . 
  so they probably are pretty douchey , maybe someone else remembers that incident ? 
  they should make kids react to their dumb idea . 
  so this guy will get sued !, 
  i wish i was a cat . 
  might be something to do with the name . 
  he is both at the same time . 
  we also ca n't use their format so we cant use a chair and a desk and multiple people who reacts to it !, 
  damn you would need a strong desk to hold that . 
  as non-american , whats the point of it ? 
  willing to license that ? 
  well since after this he will probably will not be deployed for some time ( you ca n't do the same procedure twice in some time ? ), 
  maybe it was a logical move ? 
  like wtf , showing kids the old technology is such a generic thing that most of us probably experienced . . 
  the idea to film it should not count as something that adds originality . 
  yea i found the idea of them sharing the tools and giving some resources to people in exchange of ad-rev % pretty nice , if only they have stick with this instead of over the whole bs it would have worked out for them . 
  it is always dave . 
  some of them are so obvious that it is sad , i several times had hackers on my team and it is just pathetic to watch them run around holding their ch looking at the ground and then perfectly lock onto people through walls . 
  damn , how the hell do people from le drop that far , i only dropped to dmg ( then played one drunk night with like 8 losses in a row so had to deal with mge for a bit ) . 
  how the hell does it work . 
  i thought that it would look like that only for the one using it !, 
  april rank shift ? 
  the weird thing is , that games seem a bit more uneven after the december shift than they were before . 
  might be just my perception but still pretty weird . 
  are you colorblind ? 
  thanks satan , instead of drinking bad beer you suggesting to drink bleach . 
  well who cares , he is not doing video for you . 
  probably best line out of this video , will steal this to use on cs : go rants . 
  this one i have heard often , but the puberty one was new to me . 
  aww , definitely what we wanted and knew that he would say . 
  still pretty decent . 
  i wonder how much of them are sold . 
  i did not watch this season because i got bored after binging a bunch of it but now i kinda want to give it a try again . 
  maybe will just do like i did at the end , skipping the ideas which were kinda boring and just watch the interesting bits . 
  this video is could use the explanation of what happens , but then again there is periodicvideos who explains stuff like this and probably has a video about most of these . 
  guys you will not believe this , but i went outside yesterday . . and survived !, 
  this entitlement argument is go to argument in anything these days . 
  at some point i think people forgot what the word even means . 
  there was a lot of appeal and those servers were packed , not sure how well they are doing now since wow is pretty outdated and just not as fun . 
  but there are probably a lot of private servers running the older versions which people enjoyed more . 
  and lets not forget l2 private servers which are very popular and other mmo private servers also had a decent popularity . 
  i know right , where the hell did that two dimensional dark thing come from ? 
  never heard of the song , but it is pretty good . 
  oh but that 's not it , i am someone who is subscribed and i just do n't really care enough to go and click the unsubscribe button , i ignore most of the videos ( the only ones i saw recently were the ones where they gave kids odd food to taste ) . 
  out of those 14m a big portion of those do not watch the videos or just watch some of them . 
  but at the same time it is just pure silly entertainment and you yourself probably watch something what a big portion of people will consider to be `` shit '' . 
  you are assuming that he cares about you calling his content decent or meaningful . 
  like that lizard which shoots blood from his eyes . 
  plot twist , he is one of the fine bros. . just posting this to get some karma out of this trainwreck . 
  yea this will definitely not get spammed and they will read the emails . 
  i am sure that it is very hard to realize , but when you see a title with fine bros , or react wold in it , you can actually ignore it !, 
  i am not kidding , you can ignore the video and not watch it !, 
  it is a brilliant thing , i know !, 
  do you live in switzerland ? 
  i wonder how well can you live in that expensive country with this amount . 
  wait , are you talking about fecal matter or kebabs ? 
  and then random dogs attack you . 
  he is talking about intimacy . . 
  just cause what ? 
  when a damn person starts spamming `` report my team '' and `` gg '' after first few rounds it is a toxic behavior . 
  well then companies would need to either automate more or increase wages . 
  since this basic income could increase the demand for most of the normal goods it would give some incentive for companies to invest more either by wage rise or technology . 
  artists would be able to focus more on the art and i do n't fully understand mothers part ( they do get maternity leave for a year or two with decent amount of payment in a lot of countries ) . 
  he had to let it go . 
  and how does that instantly mean sex ? 
  i do n't think that in any of these cases the basic income comes without any conditions , and my automation suggestion was just as an example of one of the possible ways to deal with it , not as an universal go to solution . 
  and people will not stop working , they will just have to be paid more which will mean a bit of inflation ( probably not a catastrophic amount like politicians suggest ) , most people understand that if you will stop working for a long period it will be harder to find a job after that break . 
  i have a degree in math with economical spin and a few of your last points would be quite opposite as far as i would asses it . 
  companies are already downsizing because the shareholders need to see pure profits and they do n't really care if people wages are getting cut , assuring that people have an option to either work for minimal wage or to go out and study/improve themselves to get above minimal wage without losing ability to live.people who are implementing this are well aware of how to adjust everything so that transitional shock would be minimal . 
  tldr : i made a mess in this comment , but in reality the basic income would actually have an opposite effect on some of your points which are already happening without it . 
  it is a solution to the wast amount of problems with inequality and people who are implementing this understand how to minimize the shocks . 
  that 's the trick , if you do n't want to buy a lot of overly expensive food at the movies , have a dinner/lunch before going to the cinema . 
  it would be great if there were more of them , world is too full of assholes . 
  guy accidentally falls backwards , dick stays in her mouth .
