  well that definitely depends on you . . 
  hmm , does that make his parents brother and sister ? 
  that 's why i always play cs in a bubble bath . 
  if we are getting new shotty it will be interesting to see how that will go , as long as it will not be new cz its ok . 
  its an ex kgb , high ranking official , he must be trustworthy . 
  sorry , fixed . 
  i 'm illiterate even though i read books . . 
  or the enemies did . 
  they probably were because they do n't really contribute much . 
  you can still regain everything you spend on it and buy another game later . 
  i had no operation after which i did n't get money back . 
  i 'm complete opposite . 
  the only purpose of drops for me is to get money for other games . 
  probably several thousands of assists only . 
  no , but you can put another reason . 
  overwatch does n't show what for someone was reported . 
  its a nice practice to report someone on enemy team if you see him clearly griefing . 
  yea there seems to be a lot of problems with vac this week . . luckily i only got error when i was warming up in arms race . 
  games for windows live ? 
  hey you can still get free dlc by buying season pass !, 
  car accident of some sort , probably biggest probability to have that happen than other types of deaths . 
  youtube probably has shitton of that . 
  ca n't argue with that logic . . 
  i 've came from silver to nova4 ( or w/e its called ) in this month , just get better and do n't worry about rank . 
  zeus buff , say whaat ? 
  :d :d, 
  also removed de_dust , do n't think they would do that . 
  yea , i have fairly limited space for my mouse movements and my sens is resonably high ( i made so that i could do 180 , and did n't bother about anything else ) . 
  if i would reduce that , it would ruin my reflexes . 
  ability to turn . 
  its probably all about what you feel best with.i use cz on t because i do n't like tec , and i use five-seven on ct because it is my favorite weapon . 
  ladies and gentlemen , i present to you reddit !, 
  i get the same error , seems like steam just fucked up a bit . 
  why would someone choose ragers . . 
  in reality you can predict position of enemy without rager shouting for 5 minutes , and you can actually hear people walking then . 
  quiet person usually tends to be a smarter player and actually cooperate with you . 
  does n't matter , had coffee ? 
  is there a good material with all names of map sections ? 
  `` one which has a lot of money because i do n't smoke '', 
  question , is there any harm reporting someone of cheating if i think he might be but i 'm not sure . 
  do all of them go only to overwatch ? 
  yea its far lower number of shit in nova4 . 
  also love not getting called cheater whenever i get few lucky rounds . 
  it is weird difference but it exists , and its more about peoples attitude than their play style . 
  well w/e rocks your boat . 
  i do n't think it makes too much of a differance , i had a bad day and ended up last in 3 matches in a row ( won all of them ) but still got promoted to nova4 . 
  obviously i probably deserved going up since i 'm now pretty much always in middle of team . 
  rushing that much maybe ? 
  damn this meme got dumbed down quite a bit over the years . . 
  but that exactly is opposite than the point of the meme . . 
  so simonbot ended up being wall-e . 
  the great drop bear war of 1000 b.c. 
  hacks are everywhere in silver/nova . 
  woosh, 
  now when i think about it , ahs could be a decent horror anime style cartoon . 
  damn this was funny mate , keep up making us laugh with your commentary !, 
  if only animation would n't so time consuming . 
  i still have n't seen one , or did n't notice . . 
  hacks use , you must . 
  i love the new series , so who cares ? 
  i 'm just nova4 noob , so i have no idea how to play as good as some people can . 
  oh those friday evenings with all drunk russians . 
  how much do i need to spray my m4a4 to get invisible ? 
  and in this case situation is nova . 
  do n't forget having sexual intercourse with enemies mothers . 
  damn didnt know 5-7 gives that mobility . . 
  but having top score can also indicate that you are playing consistently and not getting a star and then dying in 20seconds next round . . 
  i started to barely get any drops . . 
  now i imagine company rolling with this and releasing some kind of satan edition cans . 
  its not like people who drink monster really hate idea of devil . 
  have you played original doom ? 
  if not , how can you live with yourself ? 
  csgo has been growing quite a bit relevant . 
  oh god . . jumping over fences naked looks dangerous . 
  synonym of deja vu . 
  are you ticklish ? 
  stop with these puns meow !, 
  just proof of all the mahogany . 
  `` if you think this still has batteries , go and become amish ! '', 
  and as it was said , so it is true !, 
  proof of god . 
  this has been asked so many times , do n't think it will do anything . 
  it would only expose all the bad numbers to the public . 
  good thing it was only one , otherwise no one would be here to tell us this story . 
  seems like turps is the only real ally lewis has . 
  nope . . a lot of them are average looking , just they pay attention in presenting themselves nicely as they are being filmed and sponsors probably want them to look so . 
  the main thing is probably game intelligence , and predicting people . 
  i have a pretty shitty aim and just now started paying attention to spray patterns . 
  but i still used to be top frag quite a lot until i got to nova4 , because i always knew where people will come or where to expect them to camp . 
  the whole buying shit and not sneaking is still here and all , but people are quite good at hitting me so my progress slowed down . 
  i clicked it but my internet lagged , so i had time to think it through and close it !, 
  as long as its only one and not 2 metal balls , no one will notice . 
  i do n't need to even move my mouse , rotation of subatomic particles is running me constantly 360 and therefore i can focus more on killing them instead of aiming . 
  so one of those zombies with increased physical abilities ? 
  its smart play , you were distracting him and hoping he will type in wrong number/cut wrong wire . 
  there is no map without a spot where bomb can get stuck , though its really rare thing to die in a way that it would happen . 
  japanese are n't that concerned about room . 
  all of them !, 
  seriously whats the point in adding so many games , all you need is csgo . . 
  i do n't really like his acting but . . this video is one of my favorites .
