  the replies itself are worth more than karma points , but that 's just my two cents . . 
  why ? 
  well unless you have an expensive monitor setup . . 
  damn , i think this trick could be useful for people with diabetic cats , though you still need a treadmill . 
  still waiting for someone with name dick butt . . 
  or michael bay , though this one did n't have explosions . 
  my uncle works in one of the bigger ( if not biggest ) pm factories as an engineer , always talks about the stupid shit he needs to put up with , the people in charge of the factory makes constant mistakes and are completely incompetent . 
  that would be a great bot !, 
  it 's still fascist and oppresses russian minorities !, 
  maybe they are actually our disguised gods !, 
  all praise the almighty space junk !, 
  if it bites someone , we will finally have a superhero , the amazing robot-man . 
  i was making a reference , but w/e . 
  well that 's karma . 
  well i 'm excited but i will not be getting it anytime soon . 
  next , we are going to prank jack the ripper in middle of the night in a deserted place !, 
  she took them out duh . . 
  somehow i 'm not surprised , with every popular game there is bound to be beggars . . 
  never understood why richard is shortened to dick , some time ago , a single richard must have pissed so many people up that this got stuck for ages . 
  i wonder how many of those 112 games he played . 
  anime is named shokugeki no soma i think . 
  damn these uk parliament speeches would make a decent sitcom . 
  yea but this one seems to be an artistic person and not a douche . 
  heard a lot of good stuff , though not my genre of anime and i already have a huge backlog of them to watch . 
  currently watching wolf 's rain , pretty great anime . 
  a lot of frostbites in it i presume ? 
  it 's not . 
  the closest you will get to dark and gritty star wars are the porn parodies . 
  rammus would make a good pc gamer . 
  looking at this for 1 min and still that 's the only thing i see . . 
  hey , he might wear an armor with metal wings for this fight as far as we know . 
  macgyver would win that . 
  i was thinking that i was going to pirate it , but now i think that it might be not too broken , so i will take my time to save up ( wages when i live are low ) already have 20 euros on steam from csgo stuff . 
  though i might pirate to test it out before buying if there are no demos . 
  they have n't patched it up yet ? 
  i heard they were releasing a lot of fixes in spring . 
  carrier pigeons could do it to . 
  i guess some of the bots are worthless and should not exist . 
  but good ones gets banned . 
  well we seem to have an outbreak of human stupidity which causes some of the diseases to come back . 
  does it count ? 
  they can if you apply it to my axe !, 
  not really nice to be disrespectful , but that 's just my two cents . 
  i 'm pretty sure science behind vaccines are pretty sound and there are thousands of papers done about them testing all sort of possibilities , the vaccines are not even new to modern medicine , though old methods were not as researched , now we know a lot about them and enough to make them safe . 
  you also talk about physics like it was exact science , where everything is based on theories and speculation which ca n't be tested yet , where vaccines can and was tested a lot . 
  huh , first time i hear it named like that , why is it called chinese whispers game ? 
  every science these days relies heavily on math , but math is based on theories and only works if the implications used in doing the math are correct , which we usually ca n't be certain . 
  i study math , so i have kinda good idea in how it is applied to physics . 
  and all anti-vaxx claims are based on guesswork done by non-scientists . 
  this should not be the case since diseases are not something which should be taken for granted . 
  anti-vaxxers are causing some dangerous stuff to come back into circulation which could potentially be even worse . 
  thanks for the story . 
  from 1 to japan , how egoistic are you ? 
  in lithuania we cal it `` broken telephone '' . 
  i do n't think that 's what christ would want , but i 'm not really a christian . 
  hence why we caught the flaw and did not build with it . 
  that 's probably because non-electronic voting has a lot of logistical problems with that population . 
  i included that in my logistical problems , but maybe they do n't count as such . 
  some things are better without an explanation . 
  when in doubt , just fuck it !, 
  crime prevention is logistical also . 
  sorry but all math is based on theories , you usually just do n't get taught that in usual school curriculum.your statements about math seem to be from someone who just went through high-school teachings and did n't get in depth information . 
  and post a credible peer reviewed science paper which states that vaccines are bad ? 
  no , they should not get right to make the decision because their decision affects everyone and not only them . 
  well , for the clones mother it probably was unexpected . 
  i thought california is on mars . . 
  the theory of what are numbers and what 1.000 means are quite complex , probably has several books about it . 
  and they are considered theories/theorems . 
  the game is 20 % of a minimal wage where i live . 
  so it takes time but eventually i will save up to it . 
  damn you got lucky , or this did not happen . 
  http://time.com/ , just a waste of time . 
  entering . 
  meow, 
  especially in japan . 
  277 , try cities : skylines, 
  that 's not a nice way to call your spouse . 
  or a hipster . 
  that 's sexist . 
  what if queen identifies as a drone ? 
  until someone jailbreaks it and creates custom recipes . 
  i guess it 's time to finally ditch chrome and use firefox . 
  force them to learn . 
  especially at that price , was thinking about saving up , but if it does not get decent mod support , probably will spend my money elsewhere . 
  it 's that easy !, 
  someone needs to edit explosions in , she seems to be disappointed that nothing blew up . 
  near the black hole . 
  hey , name it secret pill and you can charge 100x more . 
  but it hurts when i pea !, 
  i would guess that what 's inside the phones are n't too different ( except less powerful and with added phone gadgets ) . 
  pretty cool cat , and not nsfw . 
  `` holy shit '' also does not really mean anything religious . 
  but it does not welcome assholes , so redditors wo n't count . 
  russia will do as much as it can to destabilize europe , sure they know the limits , but ignoring them is bad idea when they have leadership like that . 
  nah , the famous 3 latvian tanks will be enough to defend baltics . 
  yeah , we are talking about star citizen . 
  and it 's more or less predictable . 
  these days people not only not read the article but also have no attention span to read the title . 
  it just needs to be tested out . 
  4  5 can confirm , i study math .
