  grape drink . . as in wine ? 
  vigilante run would sound fun . 
  yep , they are made out of ignorance , the most dense element of all . 
  nah thats simon when lewis adjusts his gamma levels . 
  a lot of the times when cats do big jumps from balconies they look okay , but they a lot of those times have pretty serious internal damage to organs :(, 
  it is pretty strong , especially when you start a world with bonus chest and get several force mitts in them . . those things rip through basic stuff so fast . . 
  this is not intelligent enough to be worth anything to understand . . 
  i wish they had this complex plot :(, 
  i would n't be redditor if i would n't feel superior to op !, 
  damn imperial units , but i get the point . 
  lithuanian reporting in , hi brother !, 
  yep , we are the best !, 
  or he might be troll judging from username . 
  that probably mean he just finished w/e school prepares electricians and has no experience . 
  repairing cat would cost more . 
  quick !, 
  someone salvage this thread !, 
  legs are the main mode of transportation . 
  lol . . what in the hell that has to do with communism ? 
  so according to you windshield = human ? 
  a material thing like windshield is worth nothing compared to a pet you had several years . . 
  i think you are quite a weak troll . . not worth in continuing this thread if you are this bad at trolling . 
  in your place i would ask him about sewer alligators , but eh . . 
  yep im having the same . 
  10 ^ 100 is not soon , thats 10 ^ 90 times more than the current age of the universe ( 10 with 90 x 0 . . ) that number of years is a bit insanely big to comprehend . 
  ohh . . 
  i didint even realized that was filmed ... that makes it so much better :d, 
  sorry but its your job to read around for a few weeks untill you get a hang of what can be potentially profitable , no one will give you free money . 
  thats a weird looking facehuger . 
  im having similar troubles , and a lot of small servers arent really trustworthy and close after few weeks : /, 
  as far as i understand the moonquest series ended with mars , now they transitioned to jaffa factory 2.0 . 
  sounds cool , though i would n't be able contribute to it , as i just bought a new pc and am out of money : /, 
  can i also be a part of the gang ? 
  also good luck on exams , cramping for mine also . 
  have n't seen broken arms reference in weeks , cheers mate !, 
  or just in general , dont take pictures while nude . . 
  npc asks for weed , you give him `` pot '' . 
  also usernames like yours !, 
  well some explosions testing sounds fun . 
  yep , the whole sam and dean drama makes me sick . . only crowley holds the show , also castiel is not too bad either just they should have left him human learning how to be one . 
  even birds fall for fabio . 
  big bang theory post will succeed , because we know how redditors love this show !, 
  green day , linkin park , though i dont really listen to them anymore i still enjoy the old albums . 
  ok ill upvote , the deal is sealed !, 
  what cat ? 
  `` this is not what i wanted when i said i needed a calculator ! '', 
  do you want a paradox ? 
  because thats how we get one . 
  new star wars movie seems a bit weird . 
  hardhat rodeo !, 
  i 'm pretty sure its full of shit . . 
  but there might be a bright side , if the spinoff succeeds , they might end this series . . man can only hope . . 
  yep , but shitty tv show doesnt mean it couldnt be popular . 
  but as some1 else pointed out , it was canceled . 
  depends on the deal , did you cover your floor with pennies that you need seals ? 
  isnt vallhala a place full of zombie vikings ? 
  probably has only the part of bear which makes him `` sleep '' for several moths and not the good parts . 
  wow that sounds very interesting . 
  but did the sleep state give significant impact on health i wonder , or was the starvation still affecting similarly . 
  he does need to eat so he probably wakes up several times a week . 
  welcome to the reddit , where people suprises you how low human inteligence can get . . 
  you actually can if you know what you are doing and practicing it . 
  for example with the help of meditation . 
  it in no way changes any sorting . . 
  oh shut up ... what difference does it make ? 
  everyone understands what it means and thats what matters . 
  you can go and have that strange relationship with your dog . . 
  well he created a place for me to vent , glad it was on him , not on a normal post . 
  meh win 8.1 is pretty good , also faster than 7 , and you can customise it to look like win7 if you really want . 
  also there is no need to use metro/apps if you dont want . 
  this whole bashing on win8 is so 2013 . 
  thats just the cloud backup system , you can opt out from it while installing . 
  if country wouldnt be stated i would guess its russia , or china , but now . . 
  the thing about culture - it changes , so the broader sample of cultures you read books about the more you will be prepared for life and its inconsitency . 
  the whole hydro storage is being used in a lot of places , just not as battery for renewable sources , but for usual ones . 
  im pretty sure there more serious troubles with it and thats why its not too widely advertised . 
  if you read a bit about how to do it effectively then its not . 
  the bitch is protecting it from assholes who would decide to steal vegetables . . 
  if only they had xmen crossower , sad that licenses are so messed up . 
  there needs to be a pr0n about this . 
  i rarely use them , but if i get stuck on same spot for more than 20mins and i just cant afford to spend more time , i just want to carry on with the story . 
  the only time i was bashing myself was for using a puzzle solution video on one of the skyrim puzzles , but i did it only once and finished other ones by myself . 
  you think that there are no dumb criminals ? 
  heck , even mostly any psychoterapist can teach you how to control anger . 
  lol , that actually made me smile and almost laugh , im at work you bastard !, 
  these paid promotion content is something what i think is making yougscast better , and puts a bit more money into producing content . 
  with time it can only get better , or at least i hope so , seeing how cool yogs people are about it . 
  there will be quite some ripping done !, 
  yep its pretty cool , untill it gets tangled inside coorporations and distorted for profit . 
  by worse you mean getting followed by regular seagulls everywhere ? 
  its been for some time , though no one wants to admint that 2 large countries are at war because of a lot of aliences and agreements . 
  wen war will get announce it will probably be the ww3 , lets just hope its not the case because im too close to this bs . 
  not animals , just people who got stuck in a terrable situation because of one or another reason . 
  yea it was one of my favorite game as a kid . 
  thats what they want you to think . 
  heck , several years ago you could have been milionaire in turkey for few euros . 
  fringe anyone ? 
  my favorite athlete is probably arvydas sabonis , because he was a great basketball player and he spread the word about my country quite far . 
  sorry , dont get the referance : /, 
  oh i never even thought about it , but glass can be great to help deaf people , especialy when speech recognition is evolving pretty nicely .
