  well they did just kill the dragon in captured series which is vanilla . 
  yea but they would just go to orcapedia and type in `` how to get a seal of the bipedal 's boat '', 
  you overestimate how hard the fight is . 
  they did it with barely any loot . 
  heck true vanilla would be probably easier for them . 
  and finding the portal is very trivial , but it would be the hardest part probably . 
  smoke does wonders when harvesting honey , and these bee keepers are probably used to getting couple stings from time to time . 
  go box against a pro and tell me how much fun is that . 
  abusing system is a petty thing and he is doing this purely for publicity which makes it even worse . 
  ok sorry to bother you mister troll . 
  some day you will understand what a hyperbole is . 
  hm i appear to be out of the loop here . 
  hey , i am a very respected nigerian prince and also your brother , please send me your dragon lore and you will earn a fortune . 
  as someone with degree in statistics , i never cringed so hard . 
  is he still denying that ? 
  so the chances of this being entertaining are slim ? 
  because tax payers are not the ones who know how to best spend money in order to help the country ? 
  heck they do n't know how to spend it best to help themselves , we are not homo-economicus . 
  all the effort to subdue social media coverage on it did not help too . 
  once it was too clear that the event is about money and not sport , it became harder to enjoy it, 
  at least my country is not a part of big red bully now . 
  also one of the best things . 
  you just need to have a different view of it . 
  do n't drink it as a way to hydrate yourself , drink it as a dessert . 
  i highly doubt that you would be able to break it like that . 
  tested just did their video too . 
  i would have though `` what did this moron just say . . '' , i bet nye is used to it and is not surprised by stuff like this anymore . 
  i mean , if you ignore the wheels you have a board which hovers . 
  and hover planes . . wait . . 
  nah , they are just on vacation . 
  i really hope blimps will make a comeback , they are such a cool concept . 
  yea i almost know no song names i listen to , especially because i do not constantly read them . 
  heck i have couple t-shirts where i did not even know they were about bands , i just bought them cheap ( not sure how the stores which sell cheap clothes are called ) and they looked nice . 
  that is what inconsistent lighting will do to photos . 
  he is being a prick . 
  what do you expect , this is not something what the region is known for and people were living in buildings several times older than us . 
  such is life in socialist urop . 
  what if they shared more than a name . 
  if i ever become rich . . 
  it will be probably done to set destinations , or like amazon did with their mat . 
  thanks obama !, 
  i bet it will be back in 2 hours . 
  doffy was probably weaker than this guy . 
  though i would imagine doffy would be able to beat cracker wit his wits . 
  this was hilarious . 
  `` it treats malaria , aids and cancer '' what a wonderful drug . 
  and his messenger kanye . 
  what about a falling tree ? 
  adderal, 
  there is always that one guy who ruins it for everyone !, 
  well that is a sub . . 
  that 's why you are not a part of secret service . 
  what a sad timeline we are in . 
  and hot , do n't forget that . 
  yea , it would be normal , the problem here is as i understand the fact that they label it only in euros or dollar tags are hard to see . 
  nothing worth a lawsuit though . 
  a timeline where ~ ~ harambe ~ ~ grodd is shot is not a good timeline, 
  not what i paid for . 
  heck , i have an old amd card , i do n't even need an oven . 
  when i read stories like this there is always part of me who thinks that this has to be a cover up of a murder . 
  everything looks pretty peaceful before the war . 
  everything went downhill after the chairnobil accident . 
  would go take a nap . 
  link has taught us that long time ago . 
  that would be racist . 
  what a dark dark world you live in my friend . 
  that 's just because he is australian . 
  someone should post it on / r/youtubetitties . 
  i was so sure it was going to end badly . 
  it still seems like it was a stupid thing to do having that tree not secured better . 
  is n't this what ggg is known for ? 
  was thinking about going melee , but this seems not very interesting now . 
  especially with mobs getting more hp . 
  you die if you log out . 
  i bet she had `` i want to speak with manager '' haircut . 
  would that mean no haircut at all ? 
  i am not sure if caveman cut their hair . 
  well here in europe we like rules , we are not barbarians . 
  well was hoping it would turn into another type of nip , nut not weed . 
  how is it going living in uk these days ? 
  made me chuckle , hopefully others will enjoy . 
  who cares about seals too ? 
  it is just nature being nature , something will always be eaten . 
  letting one orca live will not make a difference to seal population . 
  fucking brilliant . 
  i admire people who can surprise you like john ceena !!, 
  my african clawed frogs eat anything that they can , i would probably be food sized for them . 
  though they do need water . 
  still would poo my pants . 
  i would probably be more sad seeing orca die than a seal , orcas just seem so much more intelligent and seals seem almost like cattle . 
  i mean , it is bound to happen eventually because agt will not get canceled anytime soon . 
  you should not be allowed with sharp objects near people it seems . 
  it is kinda designed as a propaganda tools , will help them expand business to authoritarian countries . 
  perfect for dick ripping . 
  so help us grodd *, 
  nah , those are chickens . 
  `` hey bitch ! '', 
  he banged the teacher . 
  but all those things can be shown on tv . . 
  hard to go to school with broken arms .
