  ng yes llll way , y ' ah mgep rick ng morty tattoo . 
  h '' s llll ladies ' nwngluii only - ng n'ghftephai f ' mgep l' demonstrate cahf f '' re llll 5 iq points ot ya own ( preferably lower ) beforehand, 
  it is pretty dry out there so i would not rule it out . 
  imagine having no idea about any of this and just stumbling on bunch of people screaming . 
  underwater saltwater reserves ? 
  so a sea ? 
  buy bitcoin obviously . 
  most of the ballet dancers i know are straight , this is a weird assumption to make . 
  this guy is comedy legend . 
  love his weird quirky comedy . 
  i would ask to be killed of old age . 
  after making my 100th billion . 
  will cost as much as a decent house . 
  that is a lot of poop . 
  so a house . 
  you can easily build a house in most countries for that , you just need to do it further away from the city depending on where you are . 
  `` well , i guess this is my life now . . at least i get food . '', 
  maybe you just hang around wrong people ? 
  real life crpgs . 
  i would guess this is eu wide since licenses are fine across any country . 
  we try to pretend uk does not exist . 
  sounds cheaper than the damage caused by hurricane . 
  do n't give government any ideas . 
  now i will be worried about the crane in front of my office , thanks op !, 
  still , i hope no one got hurt . 
  jesus fucking christ this sentence . . had aneurysm while reading it . 
  pretty sad . 
  because it should not be kept there . 
  it was a little bit of everything . 
  my 5 is getting a bit iffy now , with random bugs and screen problems so i am considering x or an pixel , why the hell would i upgrade to 8 when the relative price difference from x is small and it is superior and longer investment . 
  it could be just due to youtube compression . 
  i am so happy that my work involves applying machine learning algorithms . 
  slightly less grim future perspectives . 
  nah , my degree is in mathematics . 
  but if you want to go back to school to learn new skill then you should go for it . 
  it is extremely beneficial for you and having motivation for it is the biggest thing you need ( well i guess you are american so probably it costs a bit for you too ) . 
  everything is all about the math so you gain a very good insight into what things mean . 
  but it does not mean that you need to be very good at the math side of things , especially these days . 
  though it all depends on what work you will do . 
  i need my math insight constantly . 
  i wish you all the luck . 
  still cool that you are teaching kids . 
  i myself still ca n't decide whether i should go for phd , a lot of time investment and unclear benefits . 
  he did it in case no one cares so that we could ignore it even more . 
  or maybe he is acting in order to pr his new show . 
  so you subconsciously had the song in your head and added bits by bits its features . 
  happens all the time to people who do creative work . 
  our brains are just very good at filling things up by things from our memories . 
  this is what i heard from my friends too , similar review of trips to india , and it is sad , those countries have such an amazing history and a lot of nice historical places to visit , but this situation makes it harder ( sure you can go to small village and have better experience but it is very hard for people not used to traveling ) . 
  probably nsfw . 
  that 's why being able to kill any lizard as sebile so important , you can decide how you want her to feel about all the history with them . 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` yea there seem to be 4 ways :, 
  1 . teleporting out with teleport gloves ;, 
  going trough the sewer drain after killing that magister who tortures people and has flesh golem things ;, 
  going for the drawbridge ( guessing this is probably the hardest way ) ;, 
  4 . the ship thing , though i have no idea where the ship takes you . '', 
  yea i do n't get a lot of criticism , it is definitely a step forward from the previous game and it was very well received . 
  almost looks like from sci-fi movie . 
  the only cute things are metal things , purge all organics !, 
  always love that all of them know who mj is . 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` it is a ship inside the building , not the dock outside . 
  you save a kid and he helps you take the little boat . '' ), 
  my talent is lack of talent . 
  not really , it is is like measuring things in m/s , you go to the base measurement which bits are . 
  i doubt you could , these things need to go trough a lot of hoops . 
  but it is an industry standard , all of the companies sell it in mbps so it is not misleading people since it is what everyone is using . 
  what the fuck has this to do with anything ? 
  you are n't even using proper units in a thread where we are discussing using proper units . . 
  i would react the same . 
  if those assholes put as much of effort into actually doing productive work like helping with the processing of refugees less of outliers would get trough and overall they would feel more welcomed and willing to assimilate . 
  you ca n't play factorio without headlamp /, 
  it is hard to assimilate when hate groups like these shout at you to leave . 
  i think it is wrong to not do it . 
  so i 'm currently playing on frost templar and following mostly int path , so i + / - want to be a caster if that 's viable . 
  i 'm currently using 1h mace + shield and mostly armor ( but thinking about using armor/e . shield ) items . 
  here is my build :, 
  i also for now am using skeletons and zombies so if they might be handy you can count those in . 
  so any suggestions ? 
  ( sorry for bad english ), 
  as this is my first character i 'm on default league, 
  so my build :, 
  at the moment i 'm using either wand or a dagger ( depending on dmg ), 
  building armor + es, 
  will be going for some cast speed , and frost dmg . 
  would go for some hp but do n't know which one . 
  i 'm not good at this so i 'm pretty sure i 'm doing something wrong , so all suggestions would be appreciated . 
  ( also sorry for my english ), 
  is any1 else bothered that there is no food industry ? 
  ( i guess that was left out to have content for dlc ) the only thing is that great work ... 
  it a bit breaks immersion . 
  so i would like to hear some suggestions for strategy games ( mmo ), 
  things i most look for ( but are not necessary ) :, 
  browser based ,, 
  f2p ,, 
  sci-fi ( space ) ,, 
  new / beta . 
  so i recently started playing the game and got some questions , first of all , if i focus at main quest first , will i be able to do all the sidequests later ? 
  and a kinda follow-up question , is there a way that i will be able to check where i can still find quests ? 
  so , i got stuck low into a vault with a lot of radiation and i die after few mins , cant get to surface fast enough and last save would set me back few hrs , is there any way i could fix my radiation or stop it from killing ? 
  so with all those new decorative items , colors and lights , what are your plans for your base/house ?
