  if we can make everyone on the internet believe that fake countries like belgium exist , we can do anything !, 
  hence i mentioned baltic countries . 
  meh you would get the same answer for russia in most of eu . 
  the proximity will increase the likelihood of this answer , but since you are a wildling and just like to bark at everyone you might have different reasoning . 
  still holding my `` pitchfork '' . 
  i did , and they had some good news and bad news . 
  good news was that there will be a condition named after me . 
  bad news was that they have no idea how to treat it . 
  evolved version . 
  is your name gullible ? 
  i can feel the pain trough this gif . 
  perfect for trolling ufo fanatics . 
  how stupid would be aliens to send manned spacecraft . 
  it would be obviously drones . 
  that is why there is a lot of discussion about legalising rhino horn sales . 
  a lot of conservationists cut them of ( as far as i understand if its done correctly it will not harm the rhino and it will grow back ) in order to remove incentives for poachers to hurt their rhinos . 
  they have huge stockpiles of this horn which they ca n't sell and which would give some income in order to help with the conservation . 
  but then again , legalizing it correctly might be too tough of a task for a developing nation . 
  game still looks better than majority of modern games . 
  his whole routine pretty much screams frat boy . 
  a lot of copied jokes which are not really funny in this day an age . 
  and he has to think that he is funny , i am sorry for his friends who are probably laughing just out of politeness when they hang out with him . 
  looks like normal maine coon . 
  is n't that a good thing ? 
  yoko ono is god damn obnoxious . 
  it is paradoxical that a huge dick like that hates cock so much . 
  what about verbal rape she just did to my brain ? 
  well she was in extant which looked to be promising tv-series but they fucked it up . 
  cats are a force of nature , they make the rules . 
  what about us being aliens who will capture others using this ? 
  we are space orcs after all . 
  am i the only one annoyed that they use `` paused '' instead of `` stopped '' ? 
  this sounds way shadier . 
  that 's why the best cat to own is lion . 
  so i should eat my fiber-optic cable ? 
  couple of nukes would probably not be a big enough deterrent for soviet union and they might have had enough air superiority in important targets to defend from it . 
  they tested fist nuke in 1949 but a war might have accelerated it . 
  at this point i stopped caring if it sounds disrespectful . 
  i do not care if they will not respect me , i do not need respect from people who get hurt by small words . 
  i do not want to associate to them and that is how it works in life . 
  you tend to shy away from people you do not like and do not respect , instead of constantly trying to hang around them and shout at them . 
  i am pretty solitary person so being antisocial might be my defense mechanism . 
  but these sjws are like white noise , jumping around their 0 and not going anywhere . 
  i could listen to him lecture a lot . 
  anyone has link to his lectures ? 
  imagine that thing being god . 
  they have been doing this for so long . 
  there are quite a few videos of them inviting people on stage . 
  what 's the point in staging when most of their fans know their songs ? 
  this makes 0 sense . 
  one of the reasons is that in a lot of mathematical problems when you weaken the constrains roots of negative numbers happens a lot . 
  complex numbers helps us expanding it , which helps with application into real life where constrains are not often as intuitive as they are on paper . 
  very often complex numbers are used in [ impoper integrals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/improper_integral ) which are quite important in statistics in order to prove that models will have certain qualities which allows us to know how well our modeling results are and if the model fits the data . 
  this has applications in pretty much all of the scientific fields . 
  and this is only a very small part of the ways it can be used . 
  there is no really simple way of explaining it because it goes into the notion `` real numbers in mathematics and why are they important ? 
  remember kids , complex numbers are fine , but do n't go for complex analysis . 
  that 's the deadliest math of them all . 
  it 's math on drugs . 
  i mean , it is very hard to explain because it is very confined sphere in advanced mathematics . 
  heck i had couple of semesters of it and i still barely understand it well enough to work with it . 
  and i was one of the ones who understood it better than other people who took it . 
  to explain something in simple terms you have to understand it completely . 
  well not a lot of 5 yo would wonder what complex numbers are too . 
  ah , then he can just fuck off then . 
  all this fame is changing me for the worse . 
  what 's next , drugs , alcohol and sex ? 
  super secret time travel tech ? 
  that 's exactly how they will do it . 
  they are not stupid . 
  world will remember this moment as the one which started ww3 . 
  nicolas cage got new targets in sight . 
  of course you can make pizza with everything . . you just need to reduce how much of each ingredient you add . 
  this is reddit , we are speaking for everyone !, 
  hilary looks like john lennon . 
  better drink up to dull the pain . 
  that 's why coming back to skyrim after some time without remembering what fucked up mods you installed and seeing fucking thomas the tank engine land next to you is so great . 
  9874/attack helicopter / nebula centauris, 
  high interest accounts ? 
  what are those ? 
  first time i 'm reading it . 
  though i have no idea what bebo is so i might have just skipped it . 
  now i imagine the queen having split personality of australia , canada , england and others . 
  putting this into interest accounts would be stupid . 
  diversify among index funds and you will have way bigger yields . 
  kick in the nuts is the best i can offer . 
  easy , open 400 000 accounts . 
  tactical masturbation, 
  a secret dyslexic people list . 
  well your house one day might be worth more if you are very very lucky and bought it at correct time . 
  loan on truck is kinda a waste of money though since it 's value will go down . 
  but there is lack of better options i would guess . 
  well you would not be able to spend all of it anyway if you will not go extreme . 
  but investing money is better for economy . 
  i would guess it is designed to break up under a lot of force for safety purposes ? 
  what if that person does not like either ? 
  voting in that case is pretty pointless since other candidates are severely crippled by voting system . 
  it still seems odd for an european that only 2 candidates are in debates . 
  like what the hell ? 
  what ?
