  ( i didint watch diaries ), 
  is this a dumb american law ? 
  a-bombs , got ta love nuking those damn hunns . 
  now i was peacefully for 390 turns , did ` nt have any wars ( venetian ) just got 8 nukes . 
  morocco suspects nothing ( evil laugh ) !, 
  yes it is because it only applies to usa universities . . 
  they all stay grounded though . 
  how is it , please elaborate ? . . 
  how is a ceremony on you own money and you own free time without granting you actual benefits which other people couldnt get is a privilege ? 
  first time seeing it so i dont care !, 
  i always wondered about these doors , how do you prevent other dogs from coming in whenever they wish and marking territory ? 
  they were pretty cool though i was wondering why the platforms were not made out of clear material ? 
  it was hard to see skates and snowboard . . 
  he looks to be on drugs . 
  so winter is not coming ? 
  `` article 6 : the olympic games are competitions between athletes in individual or team events and not between countries . '', 
  i presume its this one ? 
  you should have written principle , confusing now . 
  though it fits both of these nr6 `` rules '', 
  wait what , blue skittles ? 
  yea i liked it more than london one , just sad to know that a lot of people were just looking for mistakes to bash it on . 
  nah the bashing from us coverage is an obvious and expected thing they even blow bubbles from living conditions , im more sad about the way reddit is . 
  i give 87/100 last yawn was a bit badly synchronized and the technique was edgy . 
  that still suffice for silver medal i think . 
  unfortunately you did n't pass qualifying matches so you cant be part of the team . 
  facebook movies ? 
  and a better one , look they even managed to make prosthetics with sense of touch . 
  and i thought he was pushing is eurasian union . 
  most of the fuss about conditions is coming from americans where other countries are ok . 
  so either its another american faux bubble or they were just put in worse quarters . 
  this image is not even from sochi ... 
  i hate when my afc are mating the male is so loud with his songs . . hard to sleep . 
  yea and it looked pretty cool when they showed aerial view . 
  you do realize that most of these are staged ? 
  well mine only sing after i change water ( my logical presumption is that they think its rain season because of pouring water into the tank ) . 
  no , he just ascended to a higher being . 
  i thought you die , appears i was wrong . 
  its not really a first world problem ? 
  how high the drop was ? 
  plot twist : biathlon had terrorist snipers infiltration . 
  i disagree , there is a lot of forced to work girls in prostitution or even strip club rings . 
  he is commenting reddit full time . 
  math is important everywhere , even if you dont use it.learning math , especially on higher level , teaches you how to think and learn and construct ideas . 
  and im still watching it even though i think that way . . 
  if giant spaghetti monster doesnt exist then where noodles come from ? 
  well put yourself in their shoes , they are unemployed so in those 5 seconds they could earn as much money as they do in a week . 
  thats how forest fires are caused . 
  thats what nazis thought . 
  i must admit , i wasnt surprised that i laughed . 
  i think you toss internet cables made into a ball ? 
  thats why you wash your hands after going to bathroom . 
  wait for a sniper riffle with 2 bullets :d, 
  but im too noobish to manual them , i dont remember what improvements im going to get and what should i cut down in terrain and overall i play wide and chaotic . 
  nope i mean bullet launcher . 
  zoos dont have money :(, 
  also in a lot of sports you have to do it . 
  hard to hide basketball/football balls . 
  can you tell us about the war ? 
  im talking about real football not handegg . 
  so no need to look ? 
  but do you have to give the `` ball '' ( dont know the english name for it ) back ? 
  sounds like a cool book , is there ebook of it ? 
  well thats the only way to `` contact '' whoever gave you gold and if you want to down-vote someone , who just wants to thank other one , who spent money on you , you are one of the societies problems ... 
  how is the first part socially awesome ? 
  ugh those sleepy mornings makes me laugh even from this . . 
  its unavailable in us ? 
  yea im thinking about getting russian blue , but these look cool also . 
  yea thats why i want it . 
  oh i forgot that . 
  it doesnt matter if it has other meanings , for majority its an offensive word . 
  would be more awesome as minion firefighter . . 
  sadly only works on king for me . . 
  i should play poland sometime , always random it and never got it on random . 
  well maybe they thought it means italy . 
  heading for hogwarts i presume ? 
  how is this success kid ? 
  unless you are ofc a kid , or seriously drunk , your body prevents you from doing it , no matter what you dream about . 
  sid meier 's pirates simply because i want to play a game about pirates . 
  run !, 
  to bark or not to bark ? 
  obviously , you can clearly see his face . 
  almost finished my uni , no loans . 
  of course when ill go for masters it will cost , but still wo n't get me into much debt.free education ftw . 
  agree , but with depression seeking help also sucks :(, 
  `` friends '', 
  well at least something sucks for us . 
  yea , thats why smart people who drink cola owns polar bears as pets . 
  well most of them are looking for help not for attention ( though help is attention ) . 
  seeking it in normal ways , especially in ways which involve social interaction is terribly hard for depressed person because there is a lot of trust issues involved with everyone . 
  bloody merry is better , because you know , it involves a chick . 
  jack in the box ? 
  i had to read several times to fucking understand what was written . 
  i could literally feel the neurons dying while watching . 
  damn i should start getting mods into my game . . 
  when you see that it usually means you are dead because of the insane army incoming . 
  thats the best kind of puns . 
  yea but the whole going to the separate tab in game , selecting mods then setting up the game is a drag : / why cant it be like skyrim where you just select the mods and start game normally . 
  and i thought i learned a new code for mcdonalds . . 
  meh , with my degree i could work at home so it would be ok , though i would probably prefer to work in an office . 
  havent had that problem , have both tower and rationalism but mostly they ask few gpt and early strategic resources which i dont have much use for .
