  no review until then . 
  well thats pretty much the idea behind supremacy is n't it ? 
  making your race as advanced as possible . 
  i wa n't to believe that for person who writes articles one of main goals of life is to write a headline like that . 
  no idea , it might be a varying thing depending on lots of factors . 
  too bad they had so many flies around their teleportation pods . 
  will play imagining i 'm reincarnation of gandhi . 
  ( or however you spell that ), 
  dean is a demon now so he is good with fire . 
  he seems to be dressed in similar fashion just with labcoat . 
  you carry around generators ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the wire is meant to be connected to battery and maybe some kind of control circuit . 
  this is a decent solution for outdoor filming i think . 
  instead of internaut ? 
  for sponsors just choose what sounds best and do n't think too much at first playthroughs . 
  difficulty is personal thing , if you have no idea about what to do but have some experiance in strategy , pick 2nd difficulty and look how that goes , if its too hard go to 1st if its too easy bump to 3rd . 
  i think that good idea at beginning is to automate workers , place cities where the ai suggests . 
  that will free up you a bit of things to learn for later . 
  another good thing is civipedia ( or w/e its called ) where in-game there is a good number of explanation about everything . 
  at the end you could always join a multiplayer game , i 'm sure there are people who do n't mind explaining tricks while playing ( since it is a turn based game ) . 
  you do realize that its not as easy as you think to do videos so minor things will get missed because of the way you need to focus on certain things . 
  rule nr .2 mate , delete post . 
  its so that they could rotate the setup of people on the game , they can now easily not include duncan in some of the games . 
  it also helps for some people who only wants to see civ . 
  but the point of this drone is portability , car is something which will not help in wide array of situations . 
  with a car you do n't need it to be small . 
  its probably more of a personal thing which way to go . 
  on one side , when you eliminate things you can automate you see less information and you can focus and learn something better and after you learn those things so that you feel comfortable you start getting rid of automation . 
  on the other side , as you said , improvements are one of most important things , and ai is dumber than my frogs , so following what they do could lead someone into bad habits . 
  future reaserch & exploration station, 
  just dont do anything with statue you find there !, 
  hodor ... 
  close enough , 1 letter off zod . 
  you could try to make some kind of glider hybrid to drag around car , though that would need a lot of complex work to create . 
  all the single spies, 
  all the single spies . 
  mate , add spoiler alert , not psa . . 
  i declared war on that asshole , spawned next to my city and started attacking aliens , lost 2 explorers to damn aliens before turn50 . . 
  damn where do you find this breed ? 
  my uncles cat was generic asshole mixed with satan . . 
  do n't want to be compared to scientology so ill just kill all of them . 
  that is , when i was 8years old i did chase down a mouse and catch it on its tail . 
  because in these days with a name and location its not too hard to extrapolate his other information , and after that happens and spreads in certain sources , it will create a wave of hate towards everything related to him . 
  yea these series on the channel provides a lot of obvious answers . 
  how much water do i need to drink ? 
  well if you feel thirsty then drink . 
  not used around here in lithuania , but i 'm sure there is russian alternatives which are thrown around and mean the same . 
  instantly after reading title i crave carrots , but that just might be that i 'm missing some vitamins . 
  carrot racism was quite tough . 
  yea its kinda annoying , but at least there are only 8 of them , not like in civ . 
  why not ? 
  i played on the difficulty before hard , forgot the name . 
  game ended at ~ 350 turn . 
  i had no actual wars declared on me except from aliances . 
  and i was warmoging quite early and took several cities . 
  no1 bothered in trying to stop me from building the flower . 
  i do n't know if that was because of difficulty or what , but it was too easy to win even while pacing myself . 
  other civs only near the end of flower blooming started pushing their victory wonders . . 
  good idea is to build the wonder deep inside your nation , that way there is very little chance people will get through . 
  you can do the next years by adding a dildo on the front . 
  no1 had calculator rings though , but apple is eyeing this idea ,, 
  that cheese looks odd . 
  it 's weird , i actually really liked this episode . 
  seems like a lot of things are going to happen in next episode . 
  he does n't need a lot of space i guess . 
  humans, 
  even without color blindness some of maps are very confusing with their colours . 
  `` i just do n't like all people equally '', 
  you will lose the perspective of the peasant kind . 
  great people always needs to know how weak people think . 
  10 bucks its one of the armpits . 
  putting all you have on pure statistical chance with less than 50 % of probability in a game which is designed to take your money is bad way of risking . 
  what the hell do you mean ? 
  i work in statistics field so yea , pointing out people how they are being tricked out of money by manipulating probabilities is one of my goals . 
  that is one macho guy . 
  skip to 2:10 . 
  we are not salty and we are not haters , we are trying to prevent people for doing the same shit that person did because more than half of them will lose all their money . 
  there are far less risky ways to double your money by doing it with a bit of intelligence . 
  because its probably insanely expensive and good knifes can produce similar results without needing a wire . 
  i ca n't really blame him much . 
  you realize she ca n't really become better if you do n't communicate with her about things like that ? 
  could n't tell , have n't played poker much . 
  but i 'm sure that its easy to do so even without a lot of knowledge in probabilities since if you watch tournaments they usually show you the chances and you can learn them . 
  i thought they were showing just basic probabilities of comparing what is in hand and on desk vs what would be in deck regardless of what is in other peoples hands ? 
  well the statistics are still pretty marginal when you are playing , probably psychology is more important . 
  data analytics , though i study econometrics . 
  field has quite a bit of free space so i do n't think it will be too hard for you to find a spot . 
  as a lithuanian i can agree , this is how schools are here . 
  great video parody of all stereotypes out here . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but that is because lenses only focus the light rays towards sensor which is what translates information from photons to digital information . 
  and sensors are usually square ? 
  afraid to ask who now ? 
  never seen this meme . 
  not sure what 's going on , but i like it . 
  barely seen any of these on front page . 
  for me it was hot pursuit ( old one ) . 
  more like a manipulator than a troll , poor rythian will never know . 
  and since its islands map it means that there will be a lot of naval warfare . 
  future does n't look well for that city . 
  it uses electricity mate .
