  are monty python and others also anti-semites because of their satire about that period ? 
  is that basically a train on which someone put bigger wheels ? 
  i guess it is still technically a tractor . 
  some newspapers/journals will be printed on papers which rip exactly like that . 
  they are made to be durable for particular uses . 
  meh mensa is all about taking money from people who want to be part of an arbitrary club . 
  doubt most of them actually contribute a lot to society by using their intelligence . 
  emp shielding is easy . 
  but the core is contained and is not going to go anywhere . 
  if you read this or any other article you would know that it is not leaking and it does not need to be sealed . 
  the main goal is to remove the fuel because that is the next step after the meltdown is contained in containment chamber . 
  when i watched suicide squad it was hard to tell if it is a dc movie or scooby-doo movie . 
  second one was pretty decent , have not seen third one so hard to tell if they found their direction or went back . 
  yea izombie taught me that zombies are well more organized and brains are profitable . 
  but it would just make the thief fabulous !, 
  how hot are fucking radiators across the damn atlantic ?? 
  that sounds insanely inefficient . 
  i would guess that usually the idea is to make them obvious so that the thief would do as little damage as possible . 
  if you hide them well then you still have your things gone and the thief will almost never get caught in time . 
  are you from easter ** n ** europe , we do get a lot of aid . 
  i bet you would cry like a baby after getting hit by tennis serve . 
  still the best russian roulette is with a glock . 
  i have masters degree in statistics , i think that gives me some type of superpower of controlling probabilities . 
  at least that is how it works i imagine . 
  they probably did . 
  are you an assface or do you have no ribs/spine ? 
  slavery sounds cheap these days . 
  highly doubt that it would be less funny for people who enjoy it . 
  just needs the pauses edited out . 
  is saying sexy af redundant ? 
  because there is no other thing to say about this , everyone agrees on the fact that rights should be equal . 
  what is else there to say ? 
  but that is not something related to internet , that is human nature . 
  probably not , again , that is human nature . 
  we like attractive people more than unattractive , it is not something outrageous . 
  god damn potato peasants . 
  i was talking about latvians . 
  it took 50 minutes because the cunt insisted he looked for the place even though he already stated he does not know how to get there . 
  instructions were unclear , screwed myself . 
  i 'm one of those people who might buy it exactly because it was misspelled . 
  why are you pushing your stupid channel in every damn comment ? 
  that just looks very egoistic and no one will go to watch your vids . 
  do it once , maybe with a top level comment and that way someone might be interested and others will ignore . 
  now you are acting like asshole to everyone and expect that anyone will take you seriously ? 
  why not doing it properly like contacting authorities ? 
  this is illegal and you are not sharing the evidence . 
  very mature response . 
  let your mind catch up to your body before pretending to be a grownup . 
  ok that makes more sense . 
  yea but if you are bmw driver then you should first disable the bus stop magnet if you want full experience . 
  would explain us elections . 
  i think it is more schrodinger 's administration than us administration . 
  multiple twetts are best sources . 
  to shave your eyebrows obviously . 
  i was really worried whole time that the glass dome will break . 
  i think i am having a stroke . 
  well it is technically malnourished chihuahua with nukes . 
  this hope dates to roman empire probably . 
  giant space fart . 
  eh trying to predict what would be the state of africa in 2100 is pointless . 
  dynamics of a region like this is as predictable as trying to predict color of eyes of an alien on alpha centauris by looking trough a telescope on earth . 
  especially against conglomerate behind wsj . 
  that is actually fun information . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  so do n't give her food unless you get blowjob ? 
  it is literally one of the worst chemicals out there . 
  scary that it was done so easily . 
   peer-reviewed paper in an academic journal, 
  that by itself does not make it legit , a lot of incorrect things get passed as this but they end up being bullshit when you look into statistics . 
  heck this journal is not really something established as being legit . 
  * gives out a treat *, 
  well he provides criticism pointing out problems , analyzing paper takes days ( or more depending on paper , especially this one with 50 references ) and wasting time on random papers published on random journal is not worth it . 
  heck you can go read the comments on that blogpost which are pointing out the mistakes . 
  well it takes `` alternative model '' of how the planet cycle works and fits the data into it . 
  at least that is what it sounds reading the snippets and having degree in statistics . 
  if it was something revolutionary it would not be behind the paywall and with abstract constructed in such a way as it is . 
  based on how much information about the journal can be found i think that you might overestimated on how well it was reviewed . 
  probably not safe enough these days . 
  one of the best episodes by far . 
  damn , seems like he is going full deadpool . 
  well he took a stance once outrage was clear , i bet it is pretty hard to weight problems he needs to focus on when you have a job like that . 
  the effects has been debunked in recent papers so hard to tell if you could blame it . 
  they surely have some kind of mental illness , like how could they be thinking this way ? 
  religion does not completely ignore the most basic instincts like in this case . 
  the problem is deeper than just religion . 
  focusing the issue on religion in this case is probably not the best way to aproach the core underlying problem . 
  again the problem is misdirected . 
  same happens with people without any religion . 
  no , but they do refuse to go to hospital thinking the vaccines are causing autism . 
  or any other stupid conspiracy out there . 
  we should study their case and learn about how this could be spotted before they do something as sickening as this . 
  these days ca n't really tell if it was an accident or oscars wanted a publicity stunt . 
  cancer level of high . 
  as a data scientist i can concur that nano tubers are getting all the benefits . 
  i do n't think any conversation involving those 2 can be casual . 
  he just looks and talks like a generic bully from tv-show who grew up , did not change , and is doing a radio show . 
  if they win , do n't they get the money back from whoever falsly sued them ? 
  that sounds dumb . 
  i do not think that listening to that would benefit me in any way . 
  maybe i would have given a thought , but you are td poster so you have 0 credibility on judging that .
