  i would love it was not a set up and that dude just decided that he will mess with the preacher . 
  honestly , i never felt clicking an ad , even if i see something interesting , i will always google it . 
  ah so because they are using flawed way of making a living i should be clicking ads even when it would be not the best option for me ? 
  as someone with tick phobia , they sure will !, 
  does florida have a right to alligator arms ? 
  yea , soon we will be talking about fridges . 
  3.5 cents . 
   boom operator, 
  do you work for michael bay ? 
  to keep warm . 
  yep , fucked one timeline too many . 
  nah , for daesh 9/11 is perfect score i think . 
  damn this is so bizarre . 
  even my wisdom tooth . 
  i never saw a comment go that low . 
  one time similar thing happened to me ( was maybe 5am though ) , and i was on my way trough the door when i decided to check the time . 
  he created a meme with this post , worthy sacrifice . 
  probably there is a subreddit for that . 
  almost no one reaches this cap anyway . 
  is n't samsung weapons manufacturer ? 
  now i wonder , is there any correlation between what emotions the text gives out and how accurately you remember what it is designed to teach . 
  you forgot to label the labels . 
  well that was stupid decision , think of all the extra tips you missed !, 
  it seems like he should finish his primary school first . 
  because it is bullshit , one of the main qualities of human society is adaptability . 
  til, 
  yea , but logic sometimes is beyond court . 
  `` temple on blood '' that is something you would expect in an rpg . 
  praise dirt !, 
  yea but he also killed the best one , so he is the worst ? 
  you need to votekick a lot of times before this happens . 
  you should be fine if you are not kicking people just because they are bad and calling them griefers for not reason . 
  well it did not lie . 
  i think this video is haunted . 
  it helps you eat slower which is good for your health . 
  the old firaxis problem still exists , so far the game which some youtubers had access to is very buggy . 
  hopefully it will be flushed out since there is some time left . 
  i mean the way he put it was so fucking annoying . 
  i would have understood at least a little bit if they went with something like `` we started getting low on our funds to keep developing the game so we decided to do this dlc '' . 
  would still be a shitty thing to do but his smug attitude is so revolting . 
  no one in their right mind would release a dlc in an ea game . . 
  majority of people probably will find him funny . 
  it usually the small minority who comes to complain in comments . 
  they realized that this way would probably attract more attention than a regular showcase video . 
  i do n't think that razer hires highschool kids . 
  the thing is , it really heavily depends on what was in those 20hours . 
  some games deliberately are slowed down . 
  one of them seems to be a speedster . 
  username checks out . 
  was n't that the point ? 
  i surprisingly enjoyed that show very much . 
  did not expect it but it seems like they did cast well . 
  i mean , poor energy efficiency does contribute to it . 
  we now have mobile sized projectors ? 
  to make me believe there would have to be a lot of people to guess the correct phrase just to rule out randomness . 
  and then my logical conclusion would be that it is staged . 
  germany probably . 
  because it is a title ? 
  what were you taught at school . 
  i am not sure if your definition of lovely is correct . 
  fully expected it to be on / r/arrow when i saw it on front page . 
  the head just disappeared . 
  does not look too bad . 
  but frustration probably added to the pain . 
  cutting a thick root is an impossible task sometimes . 
  i 've seen cgi more realistic than that . 
  one of my favorite movies . 
  there is no question about it . 
  i thought i was on / r/theonion . 
  the problem is that self driving cars still rely on very stable weather and road condition . 
  that is why i hate these type of companies . 
  they abuse the loopholes and with that undercut people who do it according to rules . 
  airbnb probably is bigger problem in this case though . 
  definitely do , just tested . 
  yea , that is why i always ask you `` are you fat '' instead of `` are you expecting '' . 
  at start most comments will get downvoted due to bots or just trolls . 
  but normal comments will go up eventually . 
  it makes sense , catfish is half cat half fish , so naturally close to 50 % of them should eat mice . 
  not as widely known as his hit song `` fuck her right in the pussy '' . 
  op still might be bold , we do n't know . 
  i gave a blunt one . 
  might be old , might be unoriginal , but first time i am seeing it and it made me smile . 
  it is on the front page so it means that quite a few people enjoyed it and that is a fact . 
  and that is needed to be pointed out because ? 
  that might be the underlining problem . 
  i 'm building ele dmg-crit based deadeye , but using build ( one of the popular ones ) from forum . 
  i mean , i was thinking that the no earphone jack was not a big problem . 
  i did not realize they had this many dumb ideas . 
  does n't wireless charging brick your battery quite a bit faster ? 
  when you are being loved for not giving a damn and enjoying simple things you will be successful . 
  that 's because girlfriends are the most lethal predators . 
  did it do any damage or was it fine after a day ? 
  which how much it costs to rise children , i doubt one video would make any sort of valuable contribution . 
   '' [ any minority ] really love their [ there 's nothing you can put in here that results in you looking professional ] , do n't they ? '', 
  yea i would n't give a shit about not having audio jack , though i would not buy iphone because they are too expensive for my taste . 
  first shot accuracy . 
  i would definitely move it . 
  even if i 'm dead . 
  maybe he is just too genius for us normal humans to comprehend ? 
  future generations will see him as legend .
