  that would do far more damage than just emp . 
  for us lithuanians it was icing on the top . 
  shitposting 101 2 : the electric boogaloo . 
  it is pointless and very many people could do this . 
  there are plenty of lectures about it . 
  i am not american , is this something oklahoma is known for ? 
  the same way net and cage fishing works i would guess ? 
  imagine if it 's true . 
  kim saving humanity from major diseases . 
  how is it going with ginkgo biloba vitamins ? 
  fell for the scam ? 
  yea , someone will sure love having their job made harder . 
  with that price it might be that there is almost no or actually no ginkgo biloba in the vitamins . 
  would not be the first time . 
  bus sized asteroid would probably barely do anything . 
  though it would create a nice view . 
  now i ca n't stop imagining the elephant swinging that crock around like hulk did with loki . 
   9.9999999 % times out of 10, 
  wait so only 1 in 10 does n't ? 
  that is why he was a millionaire . 
  i have degree in mathematics , i am pretty sure i understand them well enough . 
  the daily bulge . 
  i wish they had games like nowadays this instead of the enter code online to have a chance in raffle shit . 
  yeah , it is 2016 and they still have no gifs with sound . 
  youre only helping yours ego . 
  spellings does not change context and everyone wil stil understand it . 
  woah , hang on there reddit pro . 
  username does not check out and checks out at the same time . 
  eating is also a sport . 
  they call her earthquake betty for a reason . 
  yeah , flash kept replacing the doors but never thought about adding a lock to keep the house secure . 
  damn , and that 's only mild form ? 
  never worked for me trough res on firefox too . 
  i have flash turned off , but it never asks if i would like to have it on temporarily like it usually does . 
  they are very different characters . . 
  that covers so many characters . 
  this is perfect for when you are having a bad day and want to say `` fuck you '' to the world . 
  get off your high horse . 
  it is easier to adopt things like that in dense locations like european countries . 
  just let them steal the scale and problem is solved . 
  the thing about fetishes , there is always someone somewhere with a weirder fetish than you have . 
  your assumption is that i buy apple products is flawed . 
  this does not change the fact that you are overblowing the issues . 
  their products are not bad ( software probably is more stable than android ) , they might be a bit overpriced for their hardware , but it does not make them bad products . 
  attitude towards it makes people question intelligence , misspelling can mean quite a few things . 
  sorry my friend , but you are the one who acts like a cartoon character and are furthest away from reality . 
  and those regions are getting even worse with global warming . 
  chernobyl is not that dangerous . 
  sea level is probably the least of the problems . 
  weather and ocean life unpredictability is what is causing most of the damage now . 
  plenty of people do that . 
  it is relatively safe unless you go inside the fucking giant sealed dome . 
  iphones also do n't explode so there is that bonus . 
  probably not a lot of people in the army wore these type of armors and the bows were not designed to shoot at them . 
  it 's not really hidden . . 
  definitely looks pretty high . 
  ca n't wait for `` shit in the woods as pope simulator '' . 
  ca n't you just refill the cartridges like normal people ? 
  way cheaper . 
  my grandmothers brother always talked about one fun thing they did as a kids , they would form a line all holding hands and the first kid would touch the outlet with metal ( screwdrivers or whatever , ca n't remember ) . 
  harambe ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ had ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ do ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ it, 
  seems like this one also cleans your intestines . 
  there are workarounds from that . 
  well seems like he dodged a bullet . 
  um , not sure which one you think dodged the bullet based on your comment . 
  early separated parents ? 
  is it still improv or are we just observing their normal everyday selves . 
  bad food should just be ticked by default . 
  if she asked your name you should have said your name is hugh mungus to just set her over the edge . 
  and a dungeon . 
  or make it worse and with lingering effects . 
  come one , lots of people giving away bullets at high velocity . 
  yea , usa is probably better chance for that than europe . 
  you have never been in europe then . 
  ah yea , a couple of incidents means that it is flying bullets everywhere . 
  europe is still one of the last places you are going to get shot . 
  are you seriously delusional , you are basing your argument on the baseless idea and not on facts . 
  i do n't get offended about anything , i just completely do not understand your way of thinking . 
  it looked pretty tasty . 
  you assume that any of them read the article . 
  he 'll rather starve than choose . 
  she was one of the worse guests on the show . 
  seemed very out of place . 
  that is the whole point of law system . 
  any info on the price ? 
  hopefully not more than 10 , otherwise i am not sure it has enough in it to buy . 
  pretty much why i do n't use aimbot . 
  too slow for my inhuman reaction . 
  i can confirm , am panda and i give no fucks . 
  had 4 games , 2 times lost elections and 2 times got assassinated by capitalists when trying to remove budged deficit . 
  such is life . 
  welcome to internet . 
  i think it might be more of a case that people do not buy from stores , they usually order it , especially danish people probably would rather order from germany or something . 
  are we beijing funny here ? 
  i 'll rather wait for pornobots . 
  world is fair , it is survival of the ~ ~ fittest ~ ~ richest . 
  easily fixable . 
  who the hell finds the overphotoshopped pictures like that attractive ? 
  welcome to the world . . just because i ca n't sing does not mean i ca n't hear . 
  this is good list on how to get comment karma .
