  yea but you cant see the mushroom from up close : /, 
  vikings are always supposed to be drunk . 
  yep , thats why im suggesting it , it was strong enough to defeat ussr . 
  what are you even talking about ... 
  i was referring to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_way , and you push yugoslavia randomly which was formed in completely different pretenses ... 
  yea , did not understand where was the funny part , but as long as you tried . 
  there is only a microscopic chance that it will go out of hands , it is a bit unsettling but not too scary . 
  and uk has a lot of polish and baltic immigrants so they will help you to be a robot when it comes to it . 
  whut , she is mainstream now ? 
  so we should just forget history and just invent that slavery did not existed/exists ? 
  because all your genes are transferred to kids and there is no way to detect if they will have the disorder before birth . 
  i never actually finished any maps , so im not even thinking about killing her anytime soon . 
  if kripp will play he might get it first , but who knows . 
  seems like nkorea has problem with premature ejac . 
  hc might be pretty unpredictable with all those bosses everywhere . 
  yep , but still i think it needs some kind of incentive to play pvp , a lot of people are just afraid to give it a try . 
  well there are a lot of rumors about that he has health problems , so that might be part of it . 
  what 's rmt ? 
  even blizz doesnt have the manpower to do that , though i didint expect it affected the races much until now . 
  the thing is that this would be unnecessary change , effective builds center around few skills , even less active , the role of support gems makes so that you probably dont want to have more than 5 spells which you can control ( this not include cotd and etc. 
  the number of skills added to game doesnt increase the need of more slots as the number of them you would have on you doesnt change by much . 
  sorry for crappy grammar , migraine is annoying . 
  oh yea im dumb ... 
  why are you insulting company which showed numerous time to be very interactive with the community ? 
  path is not done yet so they might make tweaks to the tree . . 
  i want to go ranger again , but then again i never played a spellcaster so i might go for it . 
  im thinking about either going for fire based ranger or ice witch . 
  well probably you can corrupt flasks , im more curious about corrupt maps and chests . 
  none of them good for leveling new char ? 
  splash ? 
  yea i was thinking about eb , what about the 40 % mana regen if i go for it ? 
  arent a lot of nords and eastern europeans more immune to aids ( or something similar ) than rest of the world ? 
  why oh why did i click that gif ... do not open that, 
  arent everyone descendants from plague survivors ? 
  yea an interesting theory , but why mostly eastern europeans ? 
  we might survived with more numbers after plague only because we arent that social . 
  im really confused , are these fishing rods actually existing or is it a troll joke ? 
  go craft gear , fast !, 
  that poor bastard who got in front of you in the line . 
  he probably can also click the steam shortcut also . 
  it still brings ptsd memories from wars of 37 and 3006 . 
  i think its not maximum level but + / - 1 current level , and if you drop to 19 you can get it back up to 20 . 
  well that looked funny :d, 
  im pretty sure that was from mirrored box ? 
  people these days dont seem to know how probabilities and rng work . . 2000 % ir doesnt mean that you are 20 times more likely to get at least 1 non white item , it just doesnt work that way and you can check that yourself easily . . 
  i would like to join up , my ign is corruptexile ( im from gmt +2 so shouldt be much of a difference ) . 
  regal and 2 alchs , nice . . what level zone ? 
  ugh seems like vendoring got interesting while i was away . . is there a good guide on that ? 
  and running unid gives perks if i remember ? 
  f2p my ass , premium stash bundle sale and im throwing money at the screen . 
  a lot of freeze pulse builds kinda work with it . 
  what i seen from winning few emperors ( both science ) is that you need to start planning cities , use manually workers and place citizens . 
  that was a bad joke . . woosh . . 
  well on king i automate them , doesnt seem to do much harm ( of course early game i do them manually ) . 
  what is 1shoting him ? 
  thank god this is blue and will stay so . . 
  im confused , where is unique ? 
  the point of invasion is to test that feature ... 
  and normal tab bundle tomorrow . 
  man , are you reincarnation of rngeesus ? 
  uh i almost forgot about this event , thanks for reminding !, 
  about weapon dps , when im calculating it , should i add ele dmg or only calculate for phys ? 
  maybe it has experiance , just not enough for level ? 
  if it uses simple probabilities then 2000 % ir could mean as much as just 2 times as likely to have at least 1 nonwhite ( that all depends on what base probabilities are ) . 
  yea this probably is better idea . 
  im math student , i understand complex analysis , but wtf is this . . 
  you mean it can go down to text based rpg ? 
  that so far ... 
  its rare as chaos but worth more as you can use vendor recipes for chaos . 
  the point of disagreeing would mean that you have a counter-opinion , so why not reply with it instead of using this stupid system ? 
  a lot of that depends on the person , and more over on the region you live in . 
  there is a plot for some shitty comedy in this story . 
  i never fully understood the point of dreads , they sound like a hassle . 
  i usually sell them earlier before it gets fulls , though i have lots of useless flasks in my stash just in case alts needs it . 
  no , just a visitor . 
  a lot of casters uses daggers instead of wands so it might be worth something since it has nice rolls . 
  the best diablo !, 
  jew eler ? 
  whats it like being a bird who cant fly ? 
  they can also do nothing . 
  hannibal ? 
  didint know it was normal somewhere to have groceries bagged by someone else . . 
  seems like plank grew a bit over the years but wheres jonny ? 
  there is , thats darknet part of the reddit . 
  more like manipulation of job market by creating faux jobs . 
  heck , in my country there are more and more those self-check out ( or whatever you call them ) machines and cashiers are becoming less necessary.at first thought that old people would be hesitant to use them , but as far as i see they are as likely to use the machines as other people . 
  he probably means percentage of population , not the flat number . 
  thats not all countries so its not that accurate . 
  yea i was also confused what made him think of the title ... 
  most of the things in trailer has little connection to what we see in poe . . 
  a big part of it bot not all of it . 
  probably its not going to get fixed , might get a bit better but not fixed . 
  i cant imagine why would someone would use it . 
  why not just add mcdonald to every library . 
  people have to eat after a good read ( i guess they will steal this for a slogan ) . 
  suicides ( ok i checked and wiki says we are 2nd so we are not that good ), 
  in the same way hitler helped to advance global politics ... 
  ex : c rates are always growing . 
  that number if you understand probabilities is not that high , it does n't mean that you are 11,65 times as likely to find at least 1 rare . 
  so he was just defending himself ?
