  stopping bullets would save lives . 
  reading that hurt . 
  well uni probably has limited amount of spaces for each subject so only the people who are the best will get into some subjects . 
  yeah , and also seems to be having a lot of fun making the videos which is usually good . 
  horny dudes in general ? 
  but in this case people are saving a lot of money by using gmg . 
  10eur is a lot in some countries . 
  are you talking about nova edition ? 
  galaxy is the one with art book and other stuff . 
  and with nova you are also getting the soundtrack alongside the alien race . 
  yea , i was referring to standard edition . 
  ( also damn canadian dollar is that low ? ), 
  well you usually want the tank to take all the aggro . 
  they used to be , but they got better . 
  as if nvidia drivers are without faults . . 
  6779 , would love stellaris . 
  `` sorry judge , i have not had any breakfast and lunch so i dined and dashed out of hunger '', 
  damn , expected 50-100m , 7billion is a lot . 
  anyone doing reviews instead of let 's plays ? 
  come on , set the minimum number of stars and maximum number of ai and see the chaos happen !, 
  eh , expected at least few days early . 
  that is probably the worst dance team for a sports team ever . 
  yea have half of those , do n't remember if any password coincides with what i have though . 
  would also be cool to have map mode which shows alliance boarders . 
  they sent the review copies earlier so people already had few days to play . 
  ah pigeon people , the most vile of the races . 
  probably stellaris embargo is partially trying that too , they want the hype and impulse purchases to happen . 
  then again they still had quite a few bugs and things they might update before release so it might be partially why . 
  paralyzed from waist down does not mean in a coma . 
  forced updates which revert a lot of your settings , privacy issues , a few people have driver issues and etc. 
  you cant disable the updates . 
  it would be interesting to create something like 10 galaxies with 100 stars , where distance between them is such that you would need high level of technology to travel . 
  though i am not sure how to balance it for different types of travel . 
  my idea would be that galaxies would form a graph with all of them having only 1 hyperline connection to another galaxy except for 1 `` central '' galaxy which would have lets say 3 hyperlines to other galaxies . 
  this would sometimes force the hyperdrive users to cover long distances in order to reach the neighboring galaxy , and would also force them to beef up defenses since others could reach you when they get to the certain tech level . 
  would also kinda force them to find the central galaxy and take control of it if they want to be aggressive . 
  i still have 10 hours of my birthday left so i will wait for last second to get those sweet gpu 's . 
  probably buried in the back yard . 
  add free beer and we have utopia . 
  thanks !, 
  just use one of the adblocks . 
  what does that have to do with america ? 
  on the other hand , when i am alone at home i cause earthquakes with my sneeze , it feels pretty good to do it . 
  and jesse becomes quick . 
  with enough drugs even your chair could talk . 
  humans do weird . 
  nah , used to root for chelsea , but got bored of football . 
  because they want people to promote the game ? 
  just because the youtubers/streamers are small does not mean that they do not capture a big portion of specific demographic 4x grand strategy game is targeting . 
  they also probably getting some qa from this . 
  so do a lot of those youtubers . 
  but they also have a hobby of creating videos for peoples entertainment . 
  completing the game is a lot to ask . 
  it takes aaa lot more time . 
  because certain publishers probably did not like that . 
  that 's what dual gpu are for , one you connect to your brain so you could get it up to 60fps and another one to power your pc . 
  automate will usually end up being bad . 
  as far as i saw it usually puts too many reactors instead of balancing it out . 
  and you will want to change the weapons and defenses based on what other races are using . 
  people rip it when they mess up in simple games like civ , i would love to see a mp game where no one had played the game before and just watch the chaos in comments . 
  they should have left the tutorial on . 
  wait ... who the fuck are you and what are you doing on my internet ?!, 
  i mean , depends on the timezone . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , this is a bit more appealing than usual overly depressive ww1 games ( i get that that was the reality , but it 's a game ) . 
  yeah , not a lot of job opportunities after being infected by hive . 
  well that connection would be way harder to make . 
  who would think that spoiled eccentric billionaire was a dark type of vigilante ? 
  nah , he is iron man . 
  this is some north korea level of stuff . 
  sounds like we might get `` wtf is ? '', 
  which is cool . 
  create blorgs and say `` look , i created a race which looks just like you !, 
  prime suspect is the man on the far left . 
  there are as many types of priesthoods as there are stars in the sky . 
  at least you can get 25 % off on gmg . 
  i wonder how much for a tourist . 
  is n't 40baht for a single sale a decent amount of income in those parts ? 
  i would probably be fine with buying that for 80 baht and i do n't live in particular rich country . 
  does the taste differ a lot ? 
  well it was pretty far away . 
  cool , did not know about shortcuts from other videos , great that even watching the start for nth time i still learn something . 
  i swear i am not an ad !, 
  because it would still take a bit of time and if you would find out that your pc starts to lag after running it for 3 hours you will not be able to refund . 
  yeah , huge channels like tb and yogscast would probably bring a lot of people which is great . 
  damn these giveaways gets more and more inventive , never win them but it is still entertaining to find them !, 
  that is a one bad ass unicorn . 
  yea , that is why i mentioned them . 
  yeah i probably should have used `` should '' instead of `` would '' . 
  is n't grass not that good for goats ? 
  who would have thought that they are not fireproof ? 
  ahh , another dick ripping episode . 
  1.4 milliseconds * you were off by factor of 10 ^ 3, 
  edit : it is fastest one , sorry, 
  yeah , then again i watched several hours of videos from the devs , i doubt that they bothered . 
  maybe some other yogs people would have had better knowledge . 
  fuck , my bad , misread as you saying that it was fasted . 
  yeah , not a lot of luck from foot that small . 
  wait till they decide to tickle a fallen empire . 
  damn , that could buy me lunch .
