   that is how the rich will live forever, 
  ftfy, 
  yeah , we do not want the emoticon people to be in circulation forever . 
  yea but with automation why would immortal rich people need the poor mortals ? 
  why would you need to be richer when you can have anything made without need of labor . 
  what do those formulas in bottle consist of , roughly ? 
  i would imagine eating leaves and stuff like that would be sufficient like in nature ? 
  the reason is even more majestic , he is reacting to the smell of her pee . 
  and do a lot of other expensive tests and do them frequent enough to have the better chances of detection . 
  was n't really an uproar . . 
  no he is octodad . 
  your sarcasm still works but the 2500 upvotes is not a true number of upvotes but the number calculated by reddit algorithm to combat bots and whatever . 
  the true number would be larger . 
  still would be nowhere close to represent the opinion of players of the game . 
  and upvoting the thread does not mean you agree with reasons it was posted . 
  forgot that they would be huge as adults , somehow my brain implied they are older . 
  as always corsair are being cool guys . 
  maybe he is the dad ? 
  2 years from now ? 
  that is quite ambitious , hopefully he will accomplish that and will boost up the space industry . 
  well technologies created trough simulations is not as far off as an idea as totally simulating a reality . 
  and it is probably closer than we expect ( especially in medicine and such ) . 
  and a good place to practice necromancy . 
  and even if he did not , why would that matter ? 
  weird question . 
  op would be dead from venom if it was truly australian . 
  like necrology ? 
  damn , this still cracks me up everytime i see it . 
  how ? 
  it is perfectly fair use . 
  i do n't like force updates , you used to be able to know to some extent if the update will break something and then decide not to update , now it will force itself onto your pc and delete programs which are `` uncompatable '' . 
  phew . . not a thing . 
  also as someone who has migraines often , it really helps out to find entertainment which will not blast you with noise . 
  as a kid i was terrified of moray eel , thinking they were some kind of scary predators who will bite your leg off whenever you would get close . 
  trickle down economy . 
  sadly acer xg270hu is not really sold where i live . 
  does not rhyme with anything . 
  this is probably the most fitting series for james may . 
  there is probably a person in the audience with a good camera zoom and the guy pointed the drops towards him , but that is just a guess . 
  same thing for the number on the lipstick . 
  i am more excited than scared because this could solve a lot of our problems . 
  total war : warhammer would be cool , randompls . 
  698 , thanks !, 
  is that for the 8gig ? 
  nah i just think that we are just terrible gamers . 
  i understood that , was just making a bad joke . 
  this will be 100 eur above my budget ( 540 euros here ) . 
  do n't think so ( and those prices are in pounds so in euros it would be more ) . 
  i live in lithuania so mostly http://skytech.lt/ , https://www.varle.lt/ , http://www.1a.lt/ are what i have . 
  foreign shops would probably charge a lot to ship it to here . 
  that is pretty nice , 30 dollars extra for double vram . 
  missing some ribs ? 
  [ the whole video is great . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs7xo5p3az4 ), 
  `` when in doubt , push all buttons ! '', 
  yea i was looking at iiyama but do n't know the brand so i am a bit wary . 
  this guy is just a total douche and deserved the bans he got . 
  there is no arguments there could be to justify what he did . 
  burning a worthless patch is nothing . 
  seeing how the kid instantly fell and rolled in pain i think that we can agree that it was painful . 
  seriously , what the actual fuck ? 
  most countries suffered a big drop in reproduction after financial crisis ( except french , they give a lot of fucks for some reason ) . 
  and it is not coming back up as most people expected . 
  not according to the economist . 
  check the link from economist i posted below ( or above ) . 
  it is not constant ( we are talking about reproduction rates ) . 
  lewis is back and so are bullshit facts !, 
  you probably spend more calories while consuming them than you gain . 
  for non-american , what are these ? 
  it is him pushing people off the cliffs every time . 
  the ultimate seems to not have a huge damage . 
  there is nothing wrong with spooning with your mate . 
  come one , now you made it a local tourist attraction !, 
  i do n't get this reference . 
  now i want this at home , just not as a urinal but as a normal toilet and that it would play this when i take a dump . 
  come on , we know that there are not a lot of sounds in the world and all of them were already used once . 
  so it is totally possible . 
  yeah i understand that , it kinda makes sense for a tank to be like that ( or have stun like reinhardt ) , utility seem to be more fitting for tanks . 
  but i still find his ult the least favorite pard of winston . 
  well that would be stupid since they are targeting lower budget customers . 
  well he did not kill all of his clan , so nowhere close to being itachi . 
   and i already said go and look up the remain documentaries watch both and make up your own mind, 
   what could be clearer than that ? 
  no you did not . . and watching one sided documentaries is not useful . 
  they overstate the facts and are heavily opinionated , neutral analysis of both options is what would be more robust way of getting information . 
  will this be jobs which educated people will want or are these jobs which people will resent doing but will have no options because of imbalanced job market ? 
  one sided documentaries definitely do not go in depth , they only talk about thing which people will want to hear and do not cover most of the negative aspects . 
  if someone is not well educated in macroeconomics they will not understand how these `` facts '' are all very opinion based and no clear answer exists . 
  but majority of people will not know what is the best information ... to sift trough one sided arguments you have to have in depth knowledge of the underlying subject . 
  are you a child ? 
  what does this has to do with our discussion ? 
  it basically says they are in control of your soul and that is it , nothing important . 
  would love witcher 3 , do i still have to write randompls ? 
  come on , there must be geotag on the picture , we must investigate further !, 
  tbh , there is excitement in leveling up , getting a lootbox and wondering what goodies you will get . 
  it adds to the game . 
  but the game itself would be fine without it . 
  not to mention that development and support costs are probably different for tf2 and ow . 
  clickbait site scooped something from clickbait site ? 
  yea he did crush yaw breaker already .
