  probably will make it to the winter , but surviving winter with 2 people might be tough . 
  yea , was thinking about getting that . 
  yea i 'm holding back , i still have witcher 2 to play through and 2 arkham games , and during winter i might get one between dishonored , divinity or borderlands 2 . 
  sorry , studying for exam related to economy , so my mind is inside different places . 
  did n't even notice the wink . 
  ca n't hear it , that 's weird , then again i 'm watching on laptop and audio system might be a bit weak . 
  looks like an axe head . 
  yea . . 
  sliding down that rail would be a bit complicated . 
  how the hell is that a joke ? 
  love these videos , you never know what else could go wrong . 
  also probably you gain some income from broadcasters ? 
  ( from twitch adds , tv channel also gives a cut from ad revenue or something ), 
  there is a bit of difference in joking to your mother about her cheating on your dad , and puns . 
  i was wondering , can you change butterflies looks during their transformation stage ? 
  damn i hear static noise . . 
  university program gives free windows , bitches !, 
  nah , sips can only ruin videos , not sure if that counts as being superstar . 
  not sure if intended to be or not . 
  `` not available in your country '' god damn it . . 
  * is n't real, 
  hmm , you will not have time to play any of those once you start adding mods to skyrim . 
  yea , now he thinks ie is the internet . 
  oh that 's a tough question , i think / r/skyrimmods can help you more , i collected ~ 100mods by guidance of that sub . 
  well , time to re-watch this awesome video . 
  no mod will give you proper tastes in games or a normal attitude . 
  other quarter quells were different , the special thing about current one is that it is composed out of victors . 
  well you could unidan it . . 
  because he is hitler . 
  yay , was hoping to get this reply . 
  nah . . you supposed to make multiple accounts and upvote yourself . 
  you had one job . . 
  you do n't sound like a nice lady . 
  my job is done . 
  i really hope arrow wins , barry winning is just too expected . 
  well that did n't seem as a failure , he did what he was supposed to do , just reaction was too slow , same as in real world football happens . 
  and here i thought it had to get better after all this time and was thinking of trying it out again , at the end i did talk to few interesting people that one time i tried it . 
  as someone who does n't play wow , i disagree that its as interesting . 
  or just cut them out and put on the paper and use it like that , no reason to wear the glasses . 
  you bot , are the hero . 
  so is this fish dangerous to keep with other fishes ? 
  i only have african clawed frogs , so they kill everything ( including plants ) . 
  damn they are all funny . 
  or , you know , just arrow through vitals ? 
  sad that now we have to wait so long : /, 
  i would love if he actually became lantern , but its probably not going to happen . 
  oh fuck , somehow i thought we are getting only one . 
  so lets have nilsey on stream every night for a bit !, 
  wait ... terminator ? 
  you need 3 cents to buy cheapest one because of valve cut . 
  til about that movie, 
  stop mocking him . 
  good for all those penguins . 
  not really , quite an usual transaction fee . 
  i clickbaited while reading your comment . 
  now that i think about it , bots in arms race seem to be better than in mm . 
  do they have higher difficulty setting there ? 
  i think i 'm having a deja vu , or this is a repost . 
  i ca n't decide which . 
  i 'm busy re reading all sherlock holmes books ( doyle ones ) , but ill add it to the list . 
  turps , i think nilesy dethroned you from being number 1 yogs member . 
  that explains why only few smart people use comment section . 
  depends where you go on reddit . 
  there is difference in having majority of retarded posts and having few of them . 
  also reddit is good in burrowing those retards . 
  nope , the original one . 
  that 's the point , its a place for them to gather and be stupid . 
  where if you need a quality discussion you go elsewhere . 
  well reddit has its own trends , but yea , first is pretty much in every video which has comments on . 
  i broke the rule nr .1 by writing that , but fuck it . 
  red blur, 
  only after we had a dinner , i do n't do gangbangs on empty stomach . 
  i was making smallville reference , but sure . 
  what else do we do with oculus rift . 
  damn i really liked that movie , not sure why its so badly received but w/e . 
  did he drop his base ? 
  i alterate between reddit posts and civ5 turns , i never sleep !, 
  yeah . . um . . languages does not count . 
  complex analysis on the other hand . . fuck that crap . 
  studying math gets on your nerves sometimes . 
  master gave / u/overunderdressed a free sock , he is a free elf now but he still reposts . 
  i 'm not an expert in architecture , but that sure does not look like a building you would see 3000 years ago , in england . 
  i do n't know really , we used real analysis stuff without going much into it itself , most of it was not hard as far as i read . 
  pretty much all theorems are easy to understand and relatively easy to prove . 
  i actually liked it too , and the whole idea behind the movie is pretty cool too . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is a subreddit for every actress/model , especially if there are nudes . 
  did snoop get new name again ? 
  yea everything seems to be ok , how about my window problem ? 
  game for some reason windowed , visually it looks fine , but when i click close to screen borders it minimizes it . 
  i also cant click anything on enb ( when i click shift-enter all options shows up but when i try to click it instantly returns to the same state as it was before clicking ) . 
  i have taken english , french , german , lingered on few russian lectures . 
  so i have taken few courses . 
  yes , they are all quite different from my native . 
  launcher has window mode disabled . 
  cant find anything about windowed mode in ini ( looking in my profiles folder in mo ) . 
  it might be problem related with something else , since it only minimizes window only if i click more than once near the monitor boarder . 
  this is just regular silver , i asked for a shiny silver s6 !, 
  they just realized its wrong number . 
  they have some grains though . 
  with no infrastructure to do so .
