  i like the idea if it was something like football manager games . 
  you can now pursue your career as riddler . 
  what does he have against martians ? 
  or does he hate matt damon so much ? 
  unsubscribe !, 
  you mean 2 ^ 32 and 2 ^ 64 ? 
  i guess some korean tech giant bought greece . 
  except that most of shitty stuff being eaten and which end up as waste is not useful for most organisms . 
  the original was not thaat bad , but the next 2 movies ( i hope there are no more ) were so bad that it 's a ruined series . 
  do n't forget to hide all the sharp objects in the home . 
  now i wonder , if laz pit makes people crazy , would it make joker sane ? 
  at one point will it become too big ? 
  for an average gamer completing tw3 already takes few months ( assuming you have work or study at uni ) . 
  well hold on meow , when is he going to stop eating ? 
  thanks for giveaway !, 
  yep , that is definitely a common material . 
  my garden is full of ballistic gel . 
  would not really surprise me . 
  then again i have tons of non default subs on front page so it gets a bit diluted . 
  everything depends on your interests , if you find something interesting then there might be a sub about that . 
  either your degree is in something rudimentary or you did not really study , just went to it . 
  if a code would prevent dev from being able to do that in relatively short time , i would seriously doubt ability , of whoever coded this , to actually be able to code anything game related . 
  for me it was worth the first half , it 's a decent fantasy movie , you just need to try and not to think too much , which is not that hard after couple of beers . 
  come one , he could still be alive . 
  maybe , you know , they know how things work without doing it because of science ? 
  not everything needs to actually be done to be true . 
  and the first lady , sjin . 
  is op trying to upload a picture of his mom ? 
  speedforce !, 
  skrull simmons *, 
  yea because playing with randoms is a great experience , source - cs : go . 
  that 's just a task of good marketing . 
  there are some very nasty ants . 
  careful she 's jaffa . 
  we will , we will , rock you !, 
  for some reason i think it will be quentin lance and green arrow will be the one who , for whatever reason , accidentally killed him . 
  i am surprised that anyone is working there after the survival rate . 
  the salary must be big . 
  speed it up and you have one of those weird modern dances . 
  as if an promotional picture here is something new , they might not be always obvious but most of the time front page of the sub has one or couple of them . 
  why do so many bikes die in denmark ? 
  it 's impressive how good they work together even after all this time . 
  now add electronic music and it is indeed pretty much the same . 
  it is in a weird way pretty creepy . 
  thats how i feel people think about those cute little pigs . 
  thanks for the giveaway mate !, 
  i hope that you will enjoy that controller , somehow i am not rushing in getting it ( will wait to see whether to get steam or xbox controller ) . 
  you are being very defensive , i think you are lying !, 
  come on , only 10 cents ? 
  if we are talking from pure statistics the odds of you being right are pretty high . 
  `` everywhere i look i see windows '', 
  i thought that 's how great lakes were formed ? 
  especially when you are losing 14-15 . 
  why the fuck would anyone try to knife at this point . . 
  some of the lotteries do pay the tax for you . 
  but these are rare since you have to make the jackpot smaller . 
  tagged you as label_maker . 
  exactly , i am pretty sure my 280x frazor + i5 4570 will be enough to run it on high or even ultra . 
  then again my monitor is not full 1080p and caps at only 60fps . 
  iron-bat-man confirmed . 
  damn so being part pig does not grant immunity to bacon ? 
  come on , we are on internet , he obviously expected a logic driven , critical and conscious discussion . 
  i would be a bit careful about using an usb i found randomly . 
  but can jet fuel melt man of steel ? 
  yea , i am not implying that you did . 
  just suggesting people not to put random flash sticks into their pc . 
  it 's not a prank if people do n't get injured or dehumanized . 
  well not all people are like you , some of us do not want to show our solid snake to random person . 
  at that point , can you even tell if he is male ? 
  wow ... 
  i rarely hate people , but damn those assholes are a pest . 
  i am not sure how you made those 2 words connect , then again i do not use `` triggered '' in my vocabulary , so it might have new meanings ? 
  you are in need of some drilling i guess . 
  maybe he has some half semester subjects in his programme ? 
  that would make it even more suspicious . 
  damn , i have been saying it wrong the whole time . 
  world makes so much more sense now . 
  this sums up my social anxiety . 
  if you would have that mindset you would not be rich for long . . we all can flame on kanye , but i do not think he is stupid . 
  simon as the defuser , sjin + sips reading the manual . 
  and explosions , you know , to make some water . 
  i am pretty sure reddit is created by satan . 
  hmm , i have it at 4 . . 
  i think that the smarter you become the better insults you can come up with , and a lot of the time people will not understand that they are insulted . 
  so , how are those novels coming along ? 
  no , that 's the national sport . 
  well you are not spherical idiot then . 
  seriously , what big company would not want this ? 
  maybe google would suffer if internet would be jeopardized , most of the others only reap benefits . 
  out of what ? 
  typical american assuming everyone he talks to are also americans . . 
  short sleeves , explosion which throws molten metal everywhere . 
  science !, 
  dalek sewers are scary though . 
  thats before or after they drank the free shot ? 
  it is contagious the first few times you hear it . 
  `` they do n't even have usb docks , scrubs ! '', 
  yea will not risk that , i could not tell whether it 's liver or kidneys . 
  i guess i would settle for regular shark blood . 
  we do not watch yogscast for the progress .
