  sensors would cost what , ~ 1 $ + some circuits to control that . 
  that would add some cost but still be good . 
  question is whether tesla ones has converters inside them or other stuff ? 
  with random batteries going dead every day . 
  well if you knew it was coming it would have been avoided . 
  imagine her looks and gordons cooking skills combined . 
  nah , neutrinos will evolve and we will get 2012 . 
  i do n't know man , those things look like they would burn well , and get rid of spiders at the same time . 
  the best way to give a presentation in order to explain is to make people ask questions . 
  for w/e reason i have you tagged as psychopath . . 
  i mean out of all cw shows legends has so little romance drama that it makes it 100 times better than flash or arrow . 
  yea but it was done as a joke and not serious . 
  i mean , if it tastes okay does it mean it is okay ? 
  the only reason we are not seeing this from wherever you live in , is because less people film there probably . 
  i do n't know , that sexual tension between heat wave and atom is too much . 
  13 , would recommend you try talos principle !, 
  phones have trouble running way shittier games than this . 
  yep , that 's why i try to minimise sleep , less chances to wake up to fucked up shit like that . 
  from the first comment of that quote i thought that `` high comma '' will be something medical . 
  questions like that makes me rethink my path in field of math/statistics . 
  ca n't really answer important questions like this with math . 
  at best we get to find out what is the surface area of elephant . 
  yea from statistical point of view , this is not a great analysis . 
  but i am sure that with some work and proper estimation methods this could be revisited by the authors in the future . 
  and as someone who studies with friends in coffee shop from time to time ( library at my uni is closed at weekends . . ) , pretty much nothing of what he says happens . 
  you are not supposed to eat it , you are supposed to brag about it . 
  it 's art . 
  would lamb blood and several satanic verses be a good substitute ? 
  i play cs : go , i have my salt needs covered . 
  most people know that , and it does not change his statement . 
  interesting , the price of lithium carbide ( or carbonate , it is a bit confusing to me ) is rapidly increasing , so this is weird . 
  heck it has ~ 100 % jump from year before in some sources . 
  yea but it does not disappears in the air like fossil fuels . . 
  i do n't know , i saw pictures of a person whose skin was melted off but he was still alive for a few days in hospital in constant pain . 
  i ca n't be sure i would be able to do it . 
  ( well maybe if they give me a gun and 3 bullets with other equipment ), 
  if the radiation effects are not insane it will take decades ( or even generations ) for it affect them . 
  for us europeans it is not surprising and natural thing to see . 
  oh so that 's what happened to sierra . . never bothered to look it up but was wondering . 
  yes that 's exactly what i stated . 
  at least they started listening to csgo community , i think they even hired second dev . 
  i believe that we will soon get changes ... to the ui again . 
  yea , lego were the shit back in 90s , probably made me part of who i am . 
  we just dislike comfort . 
  `` when your daddy loves your mummy , but she does not give him any , he goes to a prostitute and impregnates her '', 
  indeed, 
  you should probably take wage gap into account ( i would guess that it will reduce the difference , but will still be a lot cheaper ) . 
  twitch plays minecraft . 
  played it yesterday up to 5am . 
  fuck this game . . 
  coop is pretty fun with friends too , and not too many problems with it . 
  damn you have more sense of self control then i do . . 
  how much will it help with pollution if i substitute my steam power with solar . 
  ( i have automated solar panel builder just for fun and will build the solar farm anyway , was just wondering if it will have a big effect ), 
  he will save on food expenses . 
  everyone knows , the more an animal is endangered the better its powder makes your dick hard . 
  for me the game is making stuff completely chaotic but still managing to work . 
  tried walking around in my first map , found some friendly animals . 
  oh i thought it was just a coincidence , so they do prioritize !, 
  well if i would be awoken from coma i would go `` what in the fucking hell do you mean i ca n't have some fucking cheese '', 
  well if you know the stories you can figure out how to use search and find them . 
  also / r/spiderbro, 
  nah i was just ignorant of how dangerous the place was . 
  i do not wander around early now , and heavy armor keeps me alive against anything early . 
   municipal politician . 
  yep . . 
  politics in finland are a bit different it seems . 
  put my gaming rig into sauna and it will be heaven . 
  then again i use amd so my room is close enough . 
  just bsdm . 
  got a bit weirder at the end , but still seems like fun . 
  just build up some turrets and you should be fine . 
  especially after you start plomping laser turret forts everywhere with drones . 
  about one famine . 
  because i like how it looks with then off . 
  not until drones , after that you start deconstructing and placing blueprints all the time . 
  probably my favorite game would be cs : go since whenever i am not in a mood to play something new it will always make me happy . 
  meh this happens in basketball often here in europe , especially on important matches with dedicated fanbase . 
  but this one was pretty impressive anyway . 
  ca n't be too much specific since there is little written on the methodology on how estimators were constructed ( how were the adjustments made to make them representable more of population and not the sample ) . 
  i am sure that i could be wrong , my background is more in statistics so we really dislike surveys like this because the estimators almost always has bias . 
  if this was not funny it would have been posted on / r/funny . 
  all of them obviously ... at the same time !, 
  so about a decade away for the next 40 years ? 
  what is so confusing ? 
  you cant really go thinner in materials than an atom . 
  so it is the natural limit on what you can define dimensions . 
  been there , everything is a repost . 
  at this point i am just ignoring that it is supposed to be written according to the book and am watching it as a separate thing . 
  there are quite too many differences . 
  clicking alt on power poles to check energy statistics took me quite some time to find that one out . 
  all you do is fuck as an adult insect . 
  i assume that they are mutated monster mosquitoes , ca n't risk not killing them since there is a chance that it could be true . 
  well if you are wrong insect male you will get your head bitten off after sex , still worth it i guess ? 
  what about more sex ? 
  i would have been salty that whole evening after event like that . 
  meh , you have more worries as a human . 
  why is this not on my recommended ? 
  i do n't know , it 's just mindless sex anyway . 
  his spawn looks very good to defend .
