  like come one , you can make a delicious pizza in ~ 30min ( quicker if you are at least slightly decent in the kitchen , cleaning up is also not an issue since you do most of it while pizza is in the oven ) . 
  and do it pretty cheaply . 
  these predictions are based on forecast based on current trends . 
  and because of these predictions laws are adjusted so that it would not come to that . 
  that 's what predictions are for . . after pretty much most statistical predictions there is a lot of work done based on them , which people seem to not understand . 
  maybe you ca n't , but that 's how i pick up women . 
  like i do n't get people like him , trying to deny it . 
  it 's logical conclusion . 
  one of the bigger spike voat got was after the hate subreddit ban . 
  which means that probably a lot of those people were seeking new place to preach their ideas . 
  sure a lot of regular people left too . 
  but ratio of hatefull people and regular people who come to have fun and learn new things is quite different on voat and reddit . 
  yea it 's probably possible , the problem that quite a few things which are not made in china has parts made in china , hard to identify these . 
  but it 's not made in china . . maybe spices are though . 
  does your buddy have a decent amount of funds in his bank account ? 
  they will just remove the keys from them . 
  we have not seen op and / u/wetzeb at the same place , i am holding on my pitchfork !, 
  i also have no build , was thinking on making an lightning based witch , but i never got into ci . 
  i would love to play lightning based witch ( bol preferably ) but i do not like ci builds ( might be willing to try for the first time but i hear they are hard for self found first league character ) . is spell witch good without ci ? 
  would be good if the build would not be locked to lightning early ( i might get bored and switch to cold ) . 
  i might go for crit based since it would work with both lightning and cold . 
  day 40 : men had built a tv from seashells and rocks and started watching football . 
  old data , prices have increased quite a bit in a lot of sectors after both got euro . 
  probably ppp is closer to greece now . 
  yea it is , that is , if you like the game genre . 
  so this is just promotional vid ? 
  do n't remember something like that in the book . 
  2.0 is in less than 24h . 
  and there will be new 3 month leagues with the expansion where everyone will start fresh , so obviously wait . 
  a good way to spend time now is to get your build together . 
  usually if you do n't plan it out before playing you end up screwing something up and you need to start over/spend currency on reset points . 
  like i get the need to protect something , but killing someone for stupid things in a gas station ? 
  that 's way worse than person who steals . 
  wrong football , but i guess i left that to imagination . 
  looks like photo from dystopian sci-fi movie . 
  that 's racist !, 
  if you are driving you should not be using phone , no matter what the conditions are . . 
  it really all bounds down to what you want to play as ? 
  ranged/mage/melee / summoner and etc. 
  it 's illegal in most eu too . 
  just as you said , quite a few people ignore this law . 
  ggg emt clicked send . 
  i guess whoever gets dart in their face can have a drink . 
  some kind of social activist and hacker ? 
  what planet did that originate from ? 
  well our poorer countries in eu are happy to pay money to country with insane pensions and other luxuries . 
  yep , definitely can hear them sing , in a god damn gif . 
  obviously tomatoes , have you not seen the movie ? 
  it 's a mainstream fetish of new generation . 
  taking the picture , you know , people like to post their food on instagram . 
  nth time is the charm . 
  op does , and people who upvote do , if you do not give a shit then ignore it . . 
  jesus ( biblical one ) , order some water and you have wine . 
  and confucius , a lot of interesting stuff to hear from him . 
  the only thing i would add new color in the loot filter is jewels . 
  it kinda feels like they need to have their own color . 
  this happened to quite a few countries in the gold standard crash . 
  you sound like a scientist , want to get a reward ? 
  well he did meet your mum last night . 
  stocks , and maybe few minor things like new furniture . 
  oh so not one of those green blooded lizard americans ? 
  based on your username , you are a weird snowflake for a lizard . 
  i still think lizard and deer should not be able to marry each other , that 's not what jesus would want and not what grodd created them for . 
  are you from that famous gaming forum ? 
  well there is a historical figure named jesus who did not have magical powers . 
  pretty much all of them leaked it seems . 
  hopefully now rest of us will get it earlier . 
  i really thought that someone would make that page . . 
  they showed it ? 
  i know op has some trouble with it , but a lot of people can have a few things instead of one on their mind . 
  i would somehow prevent myself from being born . 
  asking the important questions are n't we ? 
  5987 , thanks mate !, 
  you are one of those people who would drive fiat multipla then . 
  if he has that bad coordination then he will run someone over eventually if he continues to use phone while driving . 
  i thought that it was the idea behind it ? 
  careful , you will end up like piety . 
  would a 100foot hill even help so close to the sea ? 
  i thought that a lot of people disliked him ? 
  but i guess having popular opinion , adding it to puffin and posting it , is a good way to get some sweet karma . 
  oh so that 's how clusterfuck looks like . 
  well for me it was a jump from mgii to dmg after vac waves , but that might be just a coincidence since i did lower my sensitivity which could have affected positively my gameplay . 
  welp 2 vacced from last 2 weeks matches ( 3 if we count one banned 6 days ago ) , honestly i expected few more . 
  but then again judging people in the heat of the game is not accurate . 
  eagle here i come !, 
  ( i hope not , i suck at this game ), 
  they do get detected , hell , few weeks ago ( + - ) one was detected . 
  voat will be like dark version of reddit , the true reddit alternative will probably come from elsewhere . 
  it is so old , that it originated from myspace . 
  well why would n't they , tpp would make them a lot of money . 
  it 's not in a lot of eu countries and even us states . 
  my biggest problem is understanding what prices to set , do any of these programs help with this by searching similar items on poe.trade ? 
  for science !, 
  brave explorers like us do this to expand humanities horizon . 
  any butterfly pitchforks ? 
  does deus ex human revolution directors cut have missing link in it ? 
  thanks for a chance to win !, 
  i do n't get that sub . . 
  some kind of satellite receiver ? 
  i upvoted it because it the first time i 'm seeing this and its new and interesting fact for me .
