  that is pretty much like shriodingers cat , it both misses and hits him . 
  i would like to imagine op did this at least 3 times , each time bird hitting the window . 
  * puts a lot of it on , spreads it out . 
  * well i guess it could be worse ... and then he decides to dump quite a bit more on it . . 
  what an amazing show . 
  definitely one of the more hilarious ones . 
  `` no , fuck off , do n't have time for this '', 
  could be worse , those could be all rare . 
  hey , maybe i am just ** that ** naive , do n't insult me !, 
  the game has some of the best dedicated developers , look they even released a big update so many years after release without asking for payment . 
  pretty sure these days most developers would just make it a dlc and put a pricetag of full game . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would still love if they did something like do n't starve people do ( release an expansion as early access ( even though it has a decent amount of content for that price ) and then constantly add content on top of it ) . 
  damn , this was so funny that i actually bent a coat hanger . 
  gw and chill . 
  imagine hulk putting on the mask . 
  all that rage and all that power with all that craziness and wit . 
  was going to suggest pocket sand , but since we are going for non-lethal i am out of options . 
  well you do need to be careful about location you are zapping , but you can also try to use not fully charged ones , so the zap still remains but it is not as bad . 
  as if muggers do n't exist in uk . . just because they will not use guns against you , does not mean that they will not cause harm . 
  damn that is cheap . 
  how could anyone think it would work . 
  depends on how you define 6 beers and what type of beers those are . 
  get 6pints of 6-7alc beer and you will also be buzzed . 
  oh yea , i am not saying that gun ownership should be allowed easy . 
  i feel much safer without myself and less stable than me people having guns . 
  he was witty even before the movie . 
  some people just bought new copies of the game and gave them away to people . 
  thats what happens when your friend does 100th take of the trickshot . 
  i am still confused on why to do a referendum on something like this . 
  it is basically vote to force your religious believes ( and rules ) onto others who want nothing to do with it . 
  so what are your reasons to impose your belief on others ? 
  how does someone being gay and having ability to marry person they love affect you ? 
  i think this one would be funny posted on all those guys with chicks on their profile . 
  but you do if you oppose gay marriage . . 
  it is a belief based opposition ( be ir religious belief or other ) because it has no other way in framing the opposition . 
  there is no reasonable reason to oppose it . 
  it would be same as opposing marriage of woman and man . 
  sometimes they get on their knees to not get fired . 
  well who cares who preforms it if you like it ? 
  damn , what does a person have to do to glow in the dark these days ? 
  come on , it is mostly oxygen , ca n't be that bad ? 
  and the rest is carbon , which is what life is based on , it might even be healthy . 
  the only problem i 'm having is that i only have time for short sessions 1-2hours , and it kinda ruins the immersion into the world ( you cant really sidetrack , you have to focus on some goal too much ) so i usually play other games ( csgo/poe ) until i have long enough free time period . 
  i think that side-quests are just a bit different , like dealing with swan or that mascot head in the school , they are not really quests ( or at least i did them without quests ) but they are special encounters . 
  that r2d2 , ca n't stop laughing !, 
  if we are evolved , why do we still have steve harvey ? 
  i will never see them the same way . . for about a week , then i will forget i saw this . 
  maybe they sponsored it or something , building something like this is most likely insanely expensive . 
  ha , this is great , also i did not know we had english version of delfi !, 
  ( not like that is a good thing , that portal has so many bullshit on it ), 
  there are some movies where you cinema quality will add a lot to them and there are those which will be the same even if watched on a smartphone . 
  guess which one of those deserves the full price of a ticket/dvd . 
  two wet chicks at the same time !, 
  so pto ? 
  heck , even if they are not easily reusable , i am sure that fixing them to be usable again would be still cheaper ? 
  then again that kinda means they would be reusable so the term is quite wide . 
  do we just mean re-usability that you only need to refuel it or that you need to fix the broken parts and refuel it . 
  damn , i never thought about it , but you are correct . 
  now when i think about it , both are created by sharks . 
  so it actually fits in more than one way . 
  there is nothing to understand , that comment basically means nothing . 
  op are you alive ? 
  what about penguins ? 
  well mine are broken so yeah !, 
  people like that also have poop socks . . 
   raping dead bodies, 
  so cute , makes me want to cry . 
  are you me from the future ? 
  damn op , reaping post and comment karma at the same time is just wrong !, 
  i suck too much at that game . . 
  too late , this is already fucked , might as well bang eh ? 
  well it seems to be working ? 
  what . . no it is not . . 
  exactly . . 
  the author is making it better . 
  psychological breakdown is the key part at christmas cooking . 
  damn . . 
  i had no idea they can tie knots !, 
  this will wind up as a movie of the year . 
  can someone explain ? 
  omg this is hilarious . 
  i guess it is a good myth to spread if you want to reduce energy consumption . 
  reason why you barely notice some reposts when they are old enough . 
  okey so i am trying to select a headset for christmas and i am pretty much down to 2 options :, 
  creative labs sound blaster evo ( not exactly sure if zxr ), 
  and takstar hi 2050, 
  will be mainly gaming ( csgo ) and listening to some music/movies . 
  ( they are now for pretty much the same price ( evo is 50 % off ) so if the quallity is comparable i would probably go for evo ), 
  edit : realized that sound blasters has even bigger discount in their website so probably not getting from my shop . 
  so i am mainly looking at takstar , what other similar options are there ( with similar price , can be 10euros up ) . 
  yea i looked for these too , but philips one is not sold locally , and sennheiser ones are 2-3 times more expensive than takstar . 
  on the other hand , this guy was pretty entertaining , might watch another video if i remember this after waking up . 
  not me , screw that guy !, 
  thats a dalek so they are technically cyborgs ? 
  `` your dad is alive . '', 
  fucking lost it here , just after stating that he knows more facts about the grill than him . 
  was pretty easy to understand , and i am not native speaker and we were taught mostly american english . 
  so stop being a prick and pay more attention and you will understand it . 
  it was not even a hard accent . 
  so is the aditional 20eur worth getting the pro80 ?
