  kinda like their flag and coa . 
  but does n't the money they would get stay the same ? 
  hey , he likes company of men , give him a break !, 
  if you are not royal you probably ca n't afford it . 
  nah , it started the conflict , but no invasion , just usual tourists . 
  mayan one too complicated , let 's just set doomsday on june 16 . 
  damn , if only i would find as good of an excuse to watch/read got all day . 
  i do n't know , i heard their weddings are usually quite toxic . 
  this will force us to make even cheaper renewables . 
  not going to happen , oil is limited resource , development of renewables is too attractive because of future profits . 
  457 , thanks for giveaway . 
  strange that they ignore mac market . 
  467 , the reason i 'm not getting it is simple , the game is too expensive for me , it costs 20 % of minimal wage here . 
  could conscious avoidance mean that coma is psychological and person is n't just pretending ? 
  it 's saturday so have no problem in getting wasted . 
  hey , work has more people , so more chances for doomsday hookup . 
  you have to trust people to do that , always give it blade away from you in case you need to use it . 
  i wonder how will it run on 280x . 
  they laid eggs in it . 
  you are a father now op . 
  and smokers are stinky , so as long as you only watch from a distance . 
  well , she seems expensive . 
  but you still pointed at the pussy ? 
  so it 's more than 1b . 
  but kenya should be able to afford that right ? 
  i bet it 's even cheaper than not having it and suffering the cost of attacks . 
  nope , historically russia always was not really a nice ruler . 
  us at least a bit more rational . 
  in soviet russia , good politicians get more than 100 % votes . 
  most likely combined energy production and battery manufacture carbon emission will be lower than what a car would emit during battery lifespan , also i would think that a big battery which would be used in an e-car would be recycled so the carbon generated from batteries drops ? 
  well let 's disregard coal plants ( hopefully they wo n't exist for long ) for a sec and compare the oil burning power plants , then the carbon emissions will definitely be lower due to scale efficiency . 
  damn in lithuania netflix would probably pay us to subscribe based on our piracy rates . 
  it 's not as expensive as losing cities to sahara . 
  well at least you can choose to get rid of one annoying dog . 
  were they able to select the trees ? 
  nah , you still learned , twice !, 
  i would probably much more , that 's why i 'm not rich . 
  what about the one your mother uses for her waist ? 
  they do eat snakes , they are natural enemies and have utmost hate for each other . 
  people like you probably get bitten a lot . 
  would hormones he probably took , be able to partially cause this too ? 
  those countries seem to have a lot of political instability . 
  normal people would just call it `` nope !, 
  we have battleships tournaments , same stuff . 
  i would hope so , some trees creates a lot of work when maintaining yard . 
  probably 0 , he uses reddit for news . 
  a car . 
  i thought lucy was a sequel . 
  the throne . 
  none , they would not know about me . 
  that 's my worst nightmare , telling people what to do . 
  yeah , this joke was used 200 times in this post and the post has only 125 comments . 
  always knew he was spineless . 
  how does the context help here i wonder . 
  so why keep shit you do n't use installed . . that is really a bad practice . . 
  brownian motion is pretty random, 
  as for a game , i would like pixel piracy , always kinda wanted to try it out but not enough to buy it . 
  i do n't know , the roles did n't change too much . 
  my axe . 
  yea i 'm waiting to find out how big my bonus for internship will be and then i will decide whether to get it , everyone will have reviewed the shit out of it so it will be the right time to get it . 
  damn , when i was there it looked differently , rain makes it look cooler !, 
  really ? 
  you do n't know about pompeii ? 
  i love shots like this , i often shoot where the chances of hitting someone are very slim , funny how then you get spam of `` wh '' and `` reported '' . 
  yea sometimes you will get that , more problematic when you are on top of scoreboard and already people are antsy . 
  yea happens , i used to do warm-ups in dm so i then usually saw that it was not my day and did n't go for competitive , now i just do n't have time for that and just go play competitive instantly , usually you can enjoy even bad games ( just need to mute most of your team if they are toxic ) . 
  nah i knew tb would not make more than port report , and those port reports are n't too helpful for me since i use 280x and i5-4570 . 
  you gave me idea to make headphone stand out of broken headphones . 
  not going to do it since i threw my old broken ones : /, 
  i was wondering how heroin exhibit would look . 
  `` my people needs me . '', 
  if i find out you are treating other people like they are stupid , i know how smart you actually are . 
  usually treating people normally helps with that . 
  i can prove that there are a lot of religious people who are miles more intelligent than you . 
  which is evidence of your claim being wrong . 
  you seem to be very ignorant about what some of the religions are . . 
  who is zena ? 
  so xena . 
  np , wondered maybe it 's just how it was called in your country or something . 
  we had it named ks instead of x since our alphabet does n't use x. 
  wait . . 
  so who is at the door ? 
  jar jar is satan , but no one worships him . 
  this seemed a bit staged . 
  yea , have seen a lot of shitty parenting so would not be a big surprise . 
  ca n't you die like that ? 
  i 'm too ashamed , my sensitivity is 3 ( used to be higher ) but i will get it to 2 in a months time i think , and then i will stop . 
  i do n't have enough desk space . 
  i think the idea is that you should n't really be able to , you always should play so that no one would get behind you . 
  yea i think my dpi is low , not sure since my mouse is a bit sketchy . 
  nah , chickens have a great game-sense , they keep saving people by running in front of bullets . 
  i do n't know man , sometimes i feel like world would be a nicer place if i would see it from perspective of being stupid . 
  `` look at this puddle here , that is half of my face . '', 
  breathe fire obviously . . 
  i think he will stop once he gets to ssj3 . 
  you should lower draw distance too . 
  that 's how you know urine trouble . 
  that 's the only way to get up to ssj4 . 
  like watching a movie !, 
  you should just take away the ability to control the plane .
