  never bought unshelled ones so have no idea . 
  at that point does it enter trough one hole and exit trough another ? 
  cs hackers tend to rather buy accounts with a lot of hours on them since they are less likely to get reported . 
  those backpack nukes and humans . 
  my favorite game is probably cs : go , helps me to relax after a hard day . 
  will it post cat pictures ? 
  or will it post and not post the cat pictures ? 
  damn that is stupid . 
  seems like a natural reaction to lion . 
  a god damn legend of improv . 
  damn , i thought stingers do n't get stuck in the insects ? 
  maybe the unloader forgot l. 
  as a kid i used to play around with those with toy trucks after every christmas when parents took the tree out and it lost half of needles on the way trough the door . 
  or you should buy proper lights . 
  heck we put the tree into jug full of water before securing the jug into a stand and it will still dry out . 
  i think you should ask first . 
  i am pretty sure it honey bee stinger usually does not get stuck in insects/other bees . 
  fuck that . 
  that is what i have read before , but now i am starting to doubt it , seeing this picture . 
  seems pretty fair . 
  but if more people voted for civ v than vi then it would have been there . 
  the 5 more minutes is a metaphor which could mean `` one more turn '' or `` one more match '' and etc. 
  so it is fitting . 
  heck i definitely considered voting for cs : go since very often i feel that need to just do one more match before going to sleep and end up playing 5 . 
  huh , i am pretty sure there was voting before these nominees were declared . 
  or get one for christmas like trotty . 
  rip headphone users . 
  i am thinking about getting kerbal space program , though i am mostly interested in the career mode . 
  how good is it ? 
  is it moddable ? 
  how exactly does it work ( no spoilers though ) ? 
  that is pretty much what i expected . 
  i have played around on friends pc with the sandbox mode a long time ago so i get the gist of the basics so going to career should be fine . 
  though i am slightly confused by ui atm ( yea bought it already ) . 
  also have one mission which asks to go to certain place , in order to check whether the planet is spheroid , though i do n't have plane parts so i guess i will fail it . 
  oh shit , i stopped video in the middle . 
  damn it got crazy . 
  knowing how of ten they misfire this could have ended badly . 
  i never understood what is really the point of that . 
  very weird symbolic tradition . 
  just like most marriages . 
  as if this is new to this generation . . get off your high horse . 
  there is also the problem of the leap second this year , this was a legit question . 
  not sure why , but this was entertaining . 
  and one of the key producers in scientific lasers . 
  my new year resolution is quite early . 
  my goal is to defend my thesis next week . 
  did your president seriously tweeted that ? 
  hunter x hunter , where each manga chapter takes twice as long as before to be written . 
  going to buy myself a kar and a kastle . 
  yea , what 's the problem with that word ? 
  pretty sure gender has nothing to do with it . 
  i always wonder how these do not set fire to forests or houses . 
  too much cgi , so would be expensive . 
  you do realize that you are the one being sexist now ? 
  that is not a surrender , that is white peace . 
  there is a post about this on front page . . 
  but it is monday . 
  and we are at least deserve an explanation from them , but we get no feedback . 
  i think what he meant was that last time we got feedback about our complains was during r8 fiasco . 
  or a pessimist , depends on how you interpret his words . 
  they get counter for nade/molly kills . 
  how to get gold . 
  hmm weird , some of the comments tagged as negative even though they should be neutral . 
  the rate at which they get caught is too slow for prime to matter . 
  now i want 3d printer which uses sugar . 
  do n't worry , keep it up for one year and you will be completely changed . 
  pretty sure he deescalated down the well . 
  nah you still have to wash your shirt so you need to change them . 
  dicks out ? 
  they are still curvy , so curvy they bend light around themselves . 
  no wonder floki is thinking about becoming a monk . 
  seriously , this would have been great season finale . 
  have not played a lot of 2016 released games , but out of them my favorite is probably stellaris . 
  mostly because it finally got me into the paradox strategy games , it has a lot of cool storylines and is pretty challenging at higher difficulties . 
  yep . 
  nothing is ever bad for bitcoin , that is why it is such a perfect currency . 
  one of my colonies started a war against norwegian colony without either of us being involved , how does this work ? 
  well i am just going to let them duke it out since my newfoundland is losing and i just few moments ago got aragon into a personal union which started war against castile ( my alliance is pretty much going to crush castile which is very good since they are only ones who are contesting my conquest of africa ) . 
  so timing was very bad and i do n't really want to have norway now . 
  so how long till cretaceous park ? 
  hopefully it is good . 
  better to give them cigarettes than have solders dealing with withdrawal . 
  retailers decide prices . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  russia occupied lands of it 's neighbor , sent nukes to kaliningrad and tries to destabilize political climate in a lot of eu countries and you are saying eu and us are the aggressors ? 
  a movie where he is just doing dad stuff . 
  [ some interesting stuff happening ] ( http://imgur.com/a/t7ahm ), 
  the only thing i have heard people going to us for is prosthetics because , for obvious reasons , us has put a lot of research into it . 
  may 25 ? 
  yea , i have seen the ring . 
  crazy japanese chicks are dangerous . 
  are you building accurate replica of seaworld ? 
  the `` secret '' identity almost always is no secret to the villains so who cares ? 
  dobby got president elected , dobby is a free elf . 
  did he eat a shiny ring when he got struck by lightning ? 
  plenty of people knew who batman was . 
  joker and ra 's does know though . 
  and plenty of others . 
  you must be kicking people way too much .
