  usually group of friends are involved which adds to entertainment . 
  so ... maybe ? 
  so what does that have to do with drinking game , except that you were olympic athlete in this sport ? 
  sounds great , though ca n't add before since servers are under maintenance , so meet you on league . 
  any ideas on voip ? 
  526 , i guess good enough ( probably will dc from the login screen ) . 
  damn that would be awesomely crazy . 
  how did ice-cream not melt from the speed ? 
  hmm 1910 seems to be the most beautiful of those , but that is subjective . 
   also a tip for people , never take out the hose if it bursts in flames , pulling out makes the fire more dangerous . 
  not really anything terrible out of context . 
  or mad cow disease . 
  that would be interesting , and probably very expensive . 
  heck there is feet conversion in the brackets . . 
  what if it is still there , just out of phase ? 
  come on , we all know that ai would just noclip trough it anyway . 
  spinning a sign . 
  heck if we go to non euclidean spaces then not all parallel lines are straight . 
  what type of gay line are you ? 
  maybe that is new game update ? 
  dnb, 
  that is because the kid is not a hobbit . 
  not even flinched ... 
  worst superpower ever . 
  this bern guy sounds pretty cool , would be interesting if someone like him actually had a chance to win . 
  then again i am not american so i have no idea what i am talking about . 
  iran away from this as fast as i could . 
  being first takers is a risky business in oligopolic market . 
  look at how it ended for intel and apple with ddr ( sure overall they ended up ok , they have no market share in ddr even though they were first takers ) . 
  hmm i thought 11.22.63 was getting a movie ? 
  tv series makes so much more sense because of the pacing of the book . 
  or any big anime protagonist . 
  for some reason giving them big appetite is popular . 
  easy , just write down specs of current 10k machine , and then buy something similar in 10 years . 
  when you smoke 40 a day , an extra 10 will barely make any harm . 
  this is like a slow motion anime fight after protagonist got a powerup and got faster than opponent . 
  perfect time to buy stasis pod . 
  what about trunk people ? 
  no one even talks about their issues . . 
  well at least someone is having fun in the crowd . 
  i wish all politicians would understand this fact . 
  that is a very very big if . 
  not sure how it goes in usa , but in a lot of countries youth tend to not vote . 
  nah nah man , they should have made it so that it would happen for 50 % of people one way and for others in another way . 
  that would be the best . 
  it would break the joke if same person sees both versions . 
  i am pretty sure that its the logic japanese follows , damn some people out there smoke a lot . 
  yea , you have to show middle finger to show your appreciation . 
  `` about to get killed in action , happy christmas '', 
  and here i am , moving slowly with damn blast rain . 
  it might be my gear problem . 
  ( ignore the proj dmg nodes near start , i went wrong way and respecing now ), 
  also do n't know if i should go for dodge ( both acrobatics ) or iron ref . 
  i do kill fast but i also die quite well too . 
  only 1k tooltip dps ( though it is really hard to tell actual dps with this skill ), 
  well if i would go for iron reflexes then i would have armor instead of evasion which would help more than random dodge i would think . 
  eh gdp growth is not that great indicator these days . 
  but still nice map mate . 
  but i guess bundled up with others it can be ok . 
  it would be an interesting thing to try and adjust gdp to population projections ( median age of population ( or maybe only high precentile to correct for healthcare cost ) , overall growth of it and etc. 
  works great with slave bikini leia waifu pillow . 
  this was very nice to listen to , she had great pace . 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  hopefully it will end like with those coffee machines . 
  that researcher just really likes to stab things with fork like a maniac , and made up a study to get paid to do it . 
  tbh , being able to control light with phone or computer scripts is a nice thing to have , sure you can do it without internet , but it just an alternative way . 
  the less witty you are the more you pay . 
  bob drank an extra coffee and did a line of coke ? 
  i think there was a dyi guide on how to set up a system like that with pi . 
  did not read it so ca n't be sure of how in detail it was , but i am pretty sure it cant be very hard . 
  if only bullshit like this would not ruin discussion about why subsidizing solar/wind can be bad idea . 
  but we all know that most people will pick up on this and call whole debate a bullshit , claiming that solar/wind will save the earth . 
  perfect for cod portal . 
  is it code limitation or did you guys decide to limit that ? 
  cause 2 socket amulets would be amazing and probably not that gamebreaking . 
  i ca n't be sure but i think that it was sold not very well and people also ended up jailbreaking ( cracking ? 
  wth should be the term here ) it . 
  the bad part is misdirected subsidies , the research should be taken the priority instead of buying up current inefficient renewable technologies and energy produced by them , which barely makes any difference in regards to environment ( in some cases it does the opposite of what is intended ) . 
  it is so hard to understand how they are ignoring so much untapped demand . . 
  even netflix is pacing quite slowly ( they could just do it eu wide , instead of going for big countries and we in eastern europe sitting here with out terribly dubbed and year late shows ( and no one is waiting these days anyway ) ), 
  grinding the coffee drm ? 
  first time is always the best steam sale , it goes downhill after that !, 
  and i am waiting for santa to come . 
  i think i have better odds of my thing happening . 
  thats how hos charge you . 
  for me the cause for anxiety really depends on the situation and person . 
  but overall the whole avoiding interaction is what bounds all those situations together . 
  come on , lead will make water taste better !, 
  when i was 5 i barely had attention span required to read third of this comment . 
  now i could even read half of it , though i know about situation so thankfully i did not need to . 
  you could always put a bag over your head . 
  damn , this drawing of orochimaru looks weird . 
  default picture master race . 
  it is easy to google for basic things , just add `` life hack '' at the beginning . 
  wait , you shower naked ? 
  what a fucking weirdo . 
  at least it is easy to boycott disney since they produce a lot of diluted shit . 
  it is a valid argument , pessimist/optimist in economy/lottery science pretty much are the risk adverse/risk lovers . 
  pessimist will see good ods but will still think that it is not going to happen . 
  optimist sees bad odds and things that it is going to happen.they overvalue/undervalue the odds .
