  or any swedes or germans or any language which gets several people in a game . 
  most of russians i met , who talk russian in games , can talk english , its just group mentality to start talking in native when you get an opportunity . 
  some programmer is going to get killed , that corporate robot got into long pause loop . 
  damn this thing digs quite a bit of stuff in a day . 
  i miss knight rider : /, 
  irony that he is blaming gw2 from ripping of archeage ,, 
  oh 3 new maps ? 
  are they as big as other ones ? 
  yea by big i meant content wise , not square km . 
  they are also ripped off water from physics and chemistry laws ... 
  as if comcast would give you the soul back ... 
  most assholes do n't know that they are assholes , so makes sense . 
  thanks , ca n't wait till i get there with my new character . 
  if you really were hacked there would be evidence and you would have it back . . also check subs like / r/giftofgames and try telling your story there , just first do some work in writing it nicely . 
  i kinda am opposite , i do n't really like playing as humans . 
  it just feels better to play something different than generic human with his normal proportions . 
  i do like look of some armors on humans better than other races better . 
  but still , i prefer playing something what gets me far away from reality . 
  its not really a risky click . 
  it was really weird choice of myths , i understand the doom one , but fruit ninja ? 
  the hell ... 
  where in the world does that really count as a page in the paper . . 
  old cartoons . 
  lacks tentacles . 
  yea i do n't recall my lovecraft as good . 
  you forgot mods . 
  no mods to ruin xbox version . 
  damn need to get this game when i can . 
  wake up !, 
  there were a lot of issues with tekkit , current packs are better . 
  miss the show : /, 
  is n't this type of post just a running joke ? 
  thats not really a big amount of gold for monthly contribution and i think it can be justifiable with some necessary purchases . 
  this season is giving me some mixed feeling , i disliked a few of the `` myths '' they tested , but i do love how they changed the presentation of the whole process . 
  i kinda enjoy the mountain vistas , but god that map takes long to complete with all those poi in caves . 
  i think they will focus on expansion , especially when beta comes out . 
  i think the expansion will be mainly sab with a bit of jungle around the edges . 
  they just ended up on the other side of the world , so by standards it is always either china or australia . 
  well it was kinda his fault she was injured at the first place , is n't it ? 
  is ele mostly about dps ? 
  perma fury ? 
  careful , last time people were taking efficient market hypothesis too seriously , things did not go well . 
  yea , dream job is not the one which pays you a lot , its the one which you would still want to do at age 70 + and enjoy . 
  cool , usually only my jokes get remembered : /, 
  just buy a pressure cooker , that will get you on the list . 
  bitch plis, 
  what do cave dwellers have to do with this ? 
  but think about the children !, 
  once you saw how much pr he pushed on this subreddit you can easily make connections that something is too shady about him . 
  just calm down , you have n't even waited for a full week . . 
  i think they might be doing separate completion for normal gw2 map , hot map and wvw maps . 
  so now i wonder , will unlocking mastery to use them ( i hope it can be done in that way and not just from beginning ) will increase your ability to score more on adventures . 
  oh thanks , did n't know about the api . 
  that will be even more data for me to play around with in r. 
  i guess thats what happens when you re-upload same gif over and over again . 
  its fox , so really hard to tell . 
  what did your uncle say ? 
  sounds like a perfect plan to me . 
  hitchill , worst out of both . 
  it 's only a sign of supply-demand laws . 
  lower tier mats do n't have a great supply when everyone are farming at lvl80 zones . 
  you can only try it at home with imaginary water . 
  bunch of awkward people got into a weird cold place and started apologizing to each other ? 
  heaven, 
  damn . . 
  this is funny and somehow very satisfying . . 
  wow it took me quite a bit of time to notice whats wrong with this picture . . 
  damn david blaine takes his magic to extreme . 
  ~ 33g in cash and similar amount in resources , only got back to game 2 weeks ago after leaving it few months after launch . 
  probably will spend all as soon as i get enough to unlock ls . 
  did you go through all the story dungeons and explorable paths , did you complete world ? 
  did you finish all the jumping puzzles ? 
  cause for me these things sound like a good thing to do . 
  lots of nice armors in dungeons for tokens , completing world will get you closer to legendary . 
  heck , with these petrol prices , i would drive 800 more than that . 
  well . . gordon likes ladies , barbara likes ladies so obviously child will also like ladies ... 
  i 've done the math . 
  damn i recently discussed with friends why no one is making a movie about that book ... 
  so apparently they are . . 
  so if i am lvl 70 i 'm better off opening them at 80 ? 
  well , i 'm planning on revisiting low lvl zones instead of pushing orr so gear should not be an issue . 
  each of them is what , about 1g ? 
  you misunderstood me , i meant value of laurel . 
  they do have value since you can trade them into things which can be flipped on tp . 
  can still be made into rule34 content ? 
  nah , they live in westeros . 
  ptsd flashbacks . . 
  i 'm crying out of laughter . 
  some people just live in utopia . 
  yes , you are not attractive/rich/successful . 
  if it sounded that he must pay for dinner to go out with you then . . 
  aliens were pretty bad at geometry/astronomy it seems . 
  no silly , the gun did . 
  just got lvl80 ( played at launch just got back few weeks ago ) now im planning on checking out silverwastes and dry top since i did n't have them at launch . 
  how are they different from other high level maps ( heartless ) , what should i know before running around in them . 
  he does have some big ca n'ts . 
  i do n't think hair would make grinch any more attractive . 
  success = / = money . 
  that 's taking what i said to extreme , but i guess i 'm a bit more optimistic about people . 
  stig being hamilton confirmed .
