  i think playboy ruled society would be interesting to experience , and at the end of the day , anything is better than usual type of dictatorship . 
  bunny could introduce new dressing codes for indoors where wearing less is encouraged and people living in country would be less stressed . 
  `` do you want to be buried now or after the dinner ? '', 
  as someone who studies math/stats i learned that modern data sets pretty much helped us understand how little we understand . 
  you underestimate how hard cats can bite if they are actually biting and not playing . 
  damn , their blood must be boiling . 
  well at least i do n't smoke . . 
  femur is a one of the best weak spots to have i guess . 
  flash with his full powers is already op . 
  exactly , i personally do n't like a several yogscast members content , so if i do n't watch it ( it 's pretty impossible to watch all vids for most adults ) , i will not upvote anything related to that content . 
  just because i 'm not interested in that discussion . 
  where if i watch main channel video and want to discuss something about it , i will comment and upvote the post . 
  so in the end , the bigger audience you have the more exposure you will get in subreddit . 
  and also if your audiance is biased to certain content you are doing ( maybe majority of people watch only sjin farm or his build videos or etc ) then rest of the content will also not get as much exposure . 
  sorry for mistakes and if something does n't make sense , tired after working and studying for exam . 
  you should quickly change your name , to , lets say , theflash03 ? 
  well you are very quick on that decision . 
  no saving people from burning buildings ? 
  or was that done in between masturbation sessions . 
  flash being too full ? 
  that sounds like one more country is going to starve . 
  you should calm down with your comparisons . 
  hmm , finals seem to have a trend of being ~ 3 times the group average , so 600k here we come . 
  same map would be pretty bullshit to do , since ldlc showed their ct tactics already . . 
  nah , they did n't even see it . 
  wait , i thought ldlc won against fnatic fair 12-3 , was there another half ? 
  where is the error ? 
  yea but what calculator can do and what is math error are completely different things . 
  that 's official reddit ambassador in the arena . 
  so in jurassic world are we getting t-rex and cat hybrid ? 
  strange , did n't realize that was a thing out there . 
  i thought is like everywhere , some people do n't care about guests wearing shoes and inform them that they can keep them on , but it is natural thing to take them off when entering someones home . 
  what the hell is wrong with some people . . do they not know how to film ? 
  just to be sure , do you live in ops mentioned countries ? 
  that 's pretty nice idea , ca n't contribute atm , but if there will be next time , i will definitely donate ( or just buy usual humblebundle ) . 
  if i am going to have an opportunity i will get a fake treasure map drawn on my tombstone . 
  the ldlc boost was used by several teams , but even if its illegal , starting the map on 0-0 give advantage to fnatic because they saw ldlc tactics of whole half ( they only used that other boost one time ) where fnatic were cheesing for the whole second half and showed non of real tactics . 
  thats why a lot of complains happened . 
  as if mentioning your cake day is not a dirty tactic by itself . 
  probably commercial to some hair removal product ? 
  so who stops other yogs from posting ? 
  if people will not like the post it will never show up on the top and the creators will know they need to improve . 
  reddit is not for people to promote themselves . 
  sith and think about what you have done . 
  `` i wonder if it vibrates ? '', 
  a manslut with a cake . 
  not exactly sure about that math , but then again , my screen is showing 60fps youtube vid so i might be having a stroke . 
  well til ... 
  honestly usually when i buy it not looks that disgusting ( then again i only buy at mcdonalds 1-2 times a year ), 
  a.k.a most american thing, 
  and lithuanians go to poland for cheap stuff , or buy belorussian contraband smokes . 
  everyone in europe have cheap neighbors . 
  i always wanted it as a kid , i 'll be damned if i will not get it in near future . 
  he is sith , that 's why , no other explanation fits . 
  how does public opinion fit a confession bear ? 
  it 's ok buddy , everyone makes mistakes . 
  so op is alarmist ? 
  wow , 0days old account and you are already asshole . 
  just send me some steam games and i will sort it out for you . 
  santa brings kids potatoes in latvia , everyone is happy . 
  so aliens are still not outside of possibilities ? 
  well i got lucky during breakout and had 15euros drop , so its always nice . 
  but its still sad how these last 2 operations are working . 
  yea fn is pretty decent , especially for someone who likes minimalistic skins . 
  the good thing that i think all skin drops i got from this mission are fn , so its good enough to put on the guns as i usually just sell everything . 
  yep , a great skin to have on a gun i never use . 
  looking at you fn aug | radiation hazard . 
  if only i could find a good sg skin . 
  someone needs to make a drinking bingo game about when nilesy mentions when he wakes up . 
  if you are about nova , i do n't like close quarter fights . 
  if you are about aug , its my bane , even though my favorite weapon is sg , whenever i pick up aug , i always end up sucking with it . 
  well boston already knows a lot about ruining tea . 
  but kilometers to millimeters conversion is no-brainer . . kilo - and milli - are the same across all the system when converting anything . 
  i thought it was 2 hours earlier ? 
  yea , your numbers are `` a bit '' far fetched , and i work with statistical numbers . 
  check the second stream name on schedule which is pinned on front page . . 
  using term facts in socio-economics , not a very smart idea . 
  and what 's your keen need to compare millimeters to kilometers when giving your comparison ? 
  whenever you say kilo-meter i know you are talking about 1000 meters , whenever you say millimeter i know its 1/1000 of meter . 
  whenever you say kilo-watt , i know its 1000 watts , whenever you say kilogram i know its 1000-grams , its a logical concept of measurement when you have an intuitive conversion . 
  and pretty much most of the world understands that , where only small portion will know how many inches yard has or w/e else you convert . 
  how many scientists bothers with yards and pounds ? 
  its actually infinity trillion dollars , you forgot 3 zeroes . 
  i have exam tomorrow and am sitting here with a migraine , but i 'm still hyped !, 
  again , calling something reality is very hard when theorizing economical effects , so i try to never use word facts and reality when talking about economy , its opinion/theory . 
  lets hope it will work correctly , its quite useful since people are constantly gifting games . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think it somehow becomes lord voldemort . 
  i do n't think calling him retarded is a good thing , i think he is misinformed . 
  which in one or another way can be applied to all of us . 
  so how exactly is it same ? 
  yea you completely missing the point of social security , but i guess that 's a common thing behind people who do n't really study economy and its inner workings . 
  well except exams ( which is a very wide term ) happening next week there is nothing in common . 
  cards against humanity sounds fun , though i do n't think that it fits most of yogs audience . 
  what 's an i-pill ? 
  seems like she was already ready for the push . 
  ok now i feel dumb . . 
  completely misread that question . 
  damn , we are also probably both breathing , we must be soulmates . 
  sith and be quiet !, 
  that centaur . .
