  trump will be president next year . 
  it being white also tends to hurt eyes a bit in a clear morning . 
  someone should tell them helmets were invented . 
  how else do you play frogger ? 
  unless the pet is black widow . 
  damn , there are so many similarities . 
  maybe some of the same people were involved in both scenes ? 
  so bullet ricochet to his balls and back up trough his back ? 
  key point here is not having kids . 
  sounds bad . 
  heck just give me all of stargate series and i 'll be fine . 
  i think the tank dating simulator tops this one . 
  yea moles are annoying , how the hell do you know if you should check them out or not . 
  well gunslinger is pretty hard to read too so maybe op would not like it . 
  ( i am currently reading it and first 50 pages were tough , then situation became a bit clearer until it went to wtf again ) . 
  i am a bit out of the loop . 
  seen the song title several times but never clicked . 
  why did it become a meme ? 
  maybe i am just not too used to the writing style then . 
  this thread is too meta . 
  they will just drill usb slot into your head and connect it trough that . 
  i am sure that is how it works . 
  huh ? 
  weird , i would expect that the limitation would be more technical than x devices . 
  life is just a one long set of challanges . 
  what about a stew ? 
  but eventually they should die out once food supply dissipates ? 
  progressive . 
  took them 20mins to crack it so it is pretty decent . 
  qi is one of those comedy panel shows where they also have some interesting serious discussions . 
  i kinda do n't like the bidding rule . 
  it allows for very expensive properties to be bought up cheaply if people land on it early . 
  does he have to disclose that ? 
  they never asked for that . 
  and he did not say that there is nothing tampered with the second deck . 
  i think they only have a certain number of guesses and they did not go for obvious one thinking it would be a misdirection . 
  is the stuff which cracks off the rink some kind of waste or is it same material as the ring itself but drops of due to temperature difference ? 
  how does the multiplayer work in the game ? 
  do you all build in the same park ? 
  are your finances separate or do you share it ? 
  or parkitect if you are more interested in management . 
  though if you want to build a very nice looking park there is probably nothing better than pc . 
  i am pretty sure scissors beat water balloon . 
  one of those times when not using capital letters for whole word is very important . 
  damn , i really hoped that you build park together but you have separate finances so you could compete . 
  i was about to turn off the video , but i knew he would not be biased that much . 
  well it is faster these days because of no refueling rule they have . 
  have you not seen documentary called jurassic park , they clearly roar . 
  damn this was so forced . 
  and all they say is that `` everything is fine '' ... 
  not all of chocolate milk is insanely sweet . 
  damn this is massive giveaway . 
  would love prison architect . 
  so narrator is in on the scam ? 
  where is the tesla coil ? 
   i desperately wanted to love this game . 
  then i wanted to like it . 
  then i could n't help but dislike it . 
  sounds like you were very emotionally involved . 
  indeed . 
  yea , but jousting leads to docking accidents . 
  expected `` send nudes '' , but got rickrolled , ~ ~ life ~ ~ reddit is full of surprises . 
  ok so i am playing as england ( with extended timeline mod but from original the start , just to have more space ) . 
  but my questions are probably not related to it :, 
  when should i start using lvl2 and 3 advisors ? 
  i noticed that i can claim land from my protectorate at pretty much no cost , is this a bug or is something else causing it ? 
  related to england , how do i take over scotland when they are allied with france and i want to avoid war with france as long as possible ? 
  i am confused , what is so ahead of the world ? 
  skipped trough the video since there was not really anything interesting said and narrative was very slow . 
  so maybe i skipped something . 
  but it seems like an usually big city just with higher population . 
  just like in a lot of big cities in the rest of the world . 
  that is one of key functions of a city . 
  more like 50 . 
  osom guy . 
  i bet that fact checking organization is based in russia . 
  yea and ostrich are huge so it made so much more sense when i was a kid . 
  well there is only me and scotland on the islands , went trough vassalisation-annexation on all of the ireland . 
  i guess the only peaceful way is to hope for personal union to work out . 
  allied with spain , portugal and denmark out of the big guys , but would be tough to get all of them to fight ( can probably get spain and portugal on board , not sure about danish ) . 
  planning to try get poland into alliance but they would not fight france i believe . 
  though i might be able to take on french fleet alone . 
  though i have only 1 province in the mainland europe which can cause problems or maybe advantage . 
  definitely not spanish inquisition . 
  til there is saint petersburg in usa . 
  i think this is almost worse than killing someone . 
  i ca n't imagine myself living like that , but i guess having good friends really helped him cope . 
  pupils are dilated like hell so you might be right . 
  slightly annoyed by it not being leveled at 0 , but as someone who got degree in statistics i think i got that drilled to my head too much . 
  woah , that is expensive zoo . 
  mecharena, 
  still hard to comprehend that this little guy and mastiffs belong to the same species of animals, 
  or extremely resilient . 
  it is not higher up because no one cares , it was a cool little video of them messing around and that is it , no need to overthink it . 
  i wish it had non coop multiplayer where each has his own rides and gets paid based on that . 
  titties are an infinite present . 
  dividing them does nothing . 
  so reddit should just be full of stuff that you like ? 
  that 's a big if . 
  i do n't know , i once bought irish accent spray from gag shop and now all of my clothes are permanently green and when i see a rainbow i instinctively have to go to it 's end and take the pot of gold .
