  `` so young and already punks , let 's hope it 's just a phase '', 
  maybe , in 10-1000 years . 
  just some soap , nothing to see there . 
  it 's easy , they just stood on one of those white dotted lines in the ocean . 
  i understand when people offer low prices when something is listed without b/o , but why the hell people offer 8 times lower what is asked . 
  no it 's not reasonable response . . 
  when he asked him for an offer and got something what is too low he could have just said what he wants for it instead of being an ass . 
  where he lives no one has 500 euros . 
   i had a vaal haste for sale for 8c, 
  i am really confused as to why i watched this whole video , and some part of me was glad that i stuck till the end . 
  they are banned . 
  yep definitely inside job . 
  op already had a hole in his hardhat . 
  in the amount of time for that to get posted he could easily have staged it !, 
  i am keeping my pitchfork . 
  i bet this was promoting some weird product no one would use . 
  but might it be that they are not failing , only targeting demographics which find that to be funny and we are not a part of it ? 
  i thought it was at mark 's place and thats why we did not send the invite ? 
  he is going to be sooo confused by the barrel of lube he will get in the morning from fedex . 
  you forgot `` here 's the thing '' . 
  they fucked it up . 
  especially with 3 different languages ( not counting non-native speakers ) . 
  by the use of slave labor and brainwashing youth . 
  wow . . you really are a weird gem . 
  trump has that without getting elected . 
  being rich might be the factor . 
  why the hell ? 
  i was wondering what could be nsfw from the title ... 
  need some / r/eyebleach, 
  i would push the banana . ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ reddit ^ ^ ^ made ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ do ^ ^ ^ : /, 
  well it was a repost as he stated . 
  so he copied source fully ? 
  so it was just a pure copy paste . 
  this one might be a bot . 
  yea , they might not always make the best decisions , but if they see enough backlash from community they adjust them . 
  then again they do have a lot of problems with game optimization and we still do n't have promised trade improvements . 
  that 's not what greeks are shouting . 
  i think that what you want is impossible . 
  i think your car might have rabies !, 
  my grand-uncles ( idk if that 's how it 's called ) diabetic cat eats anything edible anywhere he can find . 
  poor bastard is always hungry . 
  well it 's better than doing the opposite . 
  using drinking water fountain as bidet might be awkward . 
  she probably did not need any drugs , just went straight to the hospital after ikea . 
  `` it 's a furnished novel '' damn today puns are everywhere on reddit . 
  well that 's because that number is completely irrelevant . 
  and we tend to disregard irrelevant information . 
  well you do realize that those are most likely temp tattoos ? 
  mug , a short way of calling someone a muggle . 
  just some wizards being racist . 
  thanks !, 
  those looks like some cool tats . 
  that 's a weird fetish you have there buddy !, 
  it 's alienware , they are never on point . 
  pennsylvania, 
  nah i did not take a break , just slow typing . 
  that 's why i am a bit disappointed with this update , i hoped they would focus on the exploration part more . 
  then again i am sure that this update brings a lot of joy for people who likes different aspect of the game . 
  yes but they do n't force you to believe in that material , they only help you understand that point of view . 
  whether you are critical of it or not is down to you and that 's what differentiates the people who can use that experience and those who want to abolish it . 
  how good can life be if you do n't taste lead ? 
  as a student who also works freelance as data analyst , i have both . 
  laptop often just is far too slow to do all the computations i need them to do ( though i also game on my pc ) , i save much time by having a desktop , laptop only helps when you ca n't be at home . 
  though if i found a way to use my desktop pc remotely to work with r it would make my work with laptop fast even when i am away from pc . 
  was in italy , can confirm that that statement is true . 
  so its like simulated computer game ? 
  yea that 's something i 'm thinking about . 
  well since i have my own it would be cheaper if i would figure out how to turn it on remotely . 
  would the one who is most hammered win ? 
  i found it very creepy . 
  well we are talking about ~ ~ jar jar ~ ~ darth darth binks . 
  wow , i never seen such an obvious advertisement in a tv show . . 
  so it 's not people 's equality day , but women 's equality day ? 
  he covered it in haki . 
  it 's like with all these comparisons , they took a sample of only the good looking food , most schools probably does not have this in all of those countries ( well maybe finland does ) . 
  that 's my fetish !, 
  getting gold thrown at me !, 
  but they do n't blatantly say the names of the products . 
  product placement like what you mentioned is all over the place , just usually you do n't even notice it ( i did not notice it in modern family ) . 
  cmon finland has the best . 
  do supermarket chains not deliver food through online ordering ? 
  or do they not have alc in there ? 
  i still think he might be robocameraman . 
  yea i saw that being done , looked pretty cool , but i think you missed the joke . 
  pretty much describes art school . 
  everyone gets a holy cancer !, 
  now that i start to think about , those has to be a thing , niche , but a thing ? 
  which makes posting it 100 times better , since it annoys people like you . 
  well they are fighters , since when fighters ask nicely ? 
  i think they punch the flames to make them calm down . 
  so only he can tell me what i want , what i really really want ? 
  it 's been stuck in peoples head since 90s . 
  there is a queue though . 
  675 , thanks for chance . 
  yea , current judges , even though they are n't really good , they are not even close to being as bad as these 2 . 
  ramsay is not a cunt , american television makes him look like that , just look at other shows of his . 
  i ca n't even imagine how could you fit 10k in a pc , you can pretty max it out with way less . 
  diamond embedded heat sinks . 
  internet became sentient and the only way it can express itself is by creating dank memes . 
  where can i read up on how these comparisons are done ?
