  get us the syphilis back !, 
  cat clawed the shit out of me and flew off in a plane , please send help !, 
  probably still suffered serious damage , i 've heard a lot of stories about cats jumping out from balcony and in a lot of the times they need immediate help if you want it to survive . 
  sure they will walk off like they do n't give a fuck because they are cats , but damage on organs is still there . 
  hmm , interesting business idea , though manufacturing would be expensive . 
  dong beer has a ring to it too . 
  natsu uses fire and lightning , he must be uchiha . 
  there 's actually only 1 person doing it very very fast . 
  all we know is he 's called the stig . 
  oh but it will crash , god damn baby boomers . 
  also does anyone know if you can find better outfits ( more than +3 ) from adventuring ? 
  pretty simple , get 3 pairs of people in the living apartments , then close the game and wait for a bit of time ( so that they all would start dancing ) and then they will go have a fun hexasome . 
  yea i usually have 3 people outside and i hold them for more than 1d . 
  damn i will have enough time to play with new terraria update until the awakening comes out . 
  7896 , thanks for the giveaway mate !, 
  that 's almost perfectly the same as he said , just replace dumbass . 
  [ my steam id ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt ), 
  yea also if there is a lot of smoke produced by the fire it sometimes can make you dizzy . 
  had that happen few times . 
  but i am not sure if that was the smoke or the lack of oxygen . 
  so mostly ports . 
  i was 0-0-0-9-0-0-0, 
  depends on the p0rn scene , discharge is not always honorable . 
  because he is captain jack sparrow . 
  some people do that even with legs . 
  did not stop beethoven . 
  a lot , especially in australia . 
  cartman, 
  exterminate !, 
  just like most of the times . 
  this segment is my favorite in the show . 
  we actually like the default subreddits . 
  you sound fun . 
  maybe the trick was that his props do n't burn , to prank the people who would have to do that according to his will . 
  just do not mix up the movies , adam sandler sometimes makes questionable decisions . 
  them being older brings a new comedic side to their improv bits . 
  guide will probably will still be a bothersome leech and the only good use for him is sacrifice . 
  you can also move anywhere to eastern europe , lots of hot chicks , just be aware that we have a barking dog next to us . 
  well it 's not a show which is shown in my country so i did not see it before this new version , so for me it 's still very funny in most episodes . 
  they do a lot of bits based on their age , you can evaluate the style of their improv without seeing their old stuff . . 
  op 's mom has made an art exhibition of her dildos ? 
  that looks like a stupid way to die or cause an accident . 
  still america . 
  untill the roles switch , then switch back , then switch again . . 
  at this point i do n't really expect anything good out of normal pc mmos after all the recent ones . 
  not to mention a mobile ( cross platform ) one . 
  yea i got confused a bit by this , but i 'm not from us . 
  happens too often . 
  i am foot !, 
  it is weird , but for some reason , a lot of kids look up to the garbage men . 
  well they are marketing it to ps4 anyway . 
  would vacuum also force you to expel air trough nose/mouth ? 
  europeans do not drink that crap . 
  nor does asians probably, 
  would that make you start spinning ? 
  enough time to play terraria 1.3, 
  oh god mixing ramsay and gaming sounds amazing . 
  game reviews by gordon ramsey !, 
  wow , i did not expect it to be that popular . . 
  nah , humans have to go on a leash to , praise our robot overlords !, 
  `` i might have made a huge mistake . '', 
  no fool , the squirrel is there to fend off other squirrels , hence making the feeder squirrel proof . 
  it would scare the birds more than the squirrels probably . 
  either money or exploit . 
  probably exploit . 
  long live the queen !, 
  and csgo . 
  so that 's why people with good headphones can hear trough whole map and see like daredevil trough walls . 
  i really want the game ( would have gotten it during steam sale but my refund took some time to come ) , but i have no idea how good any of these charities are , can someone post tl : dr who had done some research on them ? 
  these are all us based ? 
  when you are donating you are not buying the game , you are donating money to the charity and that money goes to charity . 
  se gets no money in this transaction for their game . . 
  there is , but there is also a lot more poverty in eastern europe + we have war going on next to us . 
  oh , so that 's why it says `` might contain nuts '' on my coffee . 
  that sounds like a code for sex thing . 
  god damn cannibalistic jesus worshipers !, 
  magic tricks . 
  it was definitely funny . 
  jurassic park : darude sandstorm, 
  hmm , i have an interesting idea to play my matches now . 
  just write down all maps on notes , drop it into a `` hat '' and whichever map you draw out of it , you have to play . 
  it gets boring when mm only selects the same 3-4 maps . 
  nah that was his way of joking . 
  sex tourism is popular in australia is n't it ? 
  sounds like someone is trying to start their fuel powered lawnmower . 
  i thought this was an official upload . 
  i guess i 'll also watch it on yt when it comes out . 
  china has their own plans . 
  well a big part of it are just other versions of furniture and stuff , so these are n't really hidden . 
  yea , setting up servers often was a hassle , especially with ports . 
  yea start new world . 
  preferably on expert mode to not loose out on items . 
  for me it 's the combat , fighting bosses and monsters is far more enjoyable in terraria and has a bit more complexity and variations on the approach . 
  it is stated in the patch notes about the new furniture versions , if you know how many furnitures there are , you then can calculate how many new ones that accounts for . 
  his bum begs for more , what a bundle of sticks !, 
  few thousand ? 
  make it several tens/hundreds of thousands . 
  hell , i am one of those people who liked the last season . 
  different tastes i guess . 
  cities skylines devs are pretty cool too .
