  sure if we will compare top hospitals where celebrities go and get treatment for millions then yea , us is great place to live if you are rich . 
  but on average it is nothing special . 
  probably will cost few times as much as your car . 
  or not use glass as a walking surface . 
  the stone they would use to kill you if they did not like what they got . 
  probably watches morning tv . 
  us economy is too reliant on global trade for that to be true . 
  you forgot * sniff *, 
  easy , you can double no time without losing any time . 
  i wonder why response time is so slow , it ca n't be that hard to have better motors , and processing image into low bits should be quick . 
  pretty nice , a few of these games i would have liked to play , though had to not buy because already got stellaris . 
  us will lose far more due to fucking up their coastal states . 
  is n't oil just as heavily subsidized as are renewables ? 
  can someone explain why there was a huge ( i think 8 % ) drop last week or the one before ( ca n't put it exactly but seemed weird when one of the tables had red this deep ) ? 
  i never understood people who calls vodka tasty . 
  not to mention russian ones . 
  it might be just due to the fact that presidents are usually on that age barrier where they transition from looking still at their prime towards looking more middle age-senior . 
  do n't think tump will have the same problem . 
  more of a liquid after this gun . 
  ah so it is a gun for creatures from material plane , wont work against ghosts ? 
  +1 ammo is expensive though . 
  but it feels like with all that gear and in action it can be hard to feel the bb ? 
  seems like she is losing on purpose , which makes sense since uk economy is going to have shit ton of problems during next few years and a lot of unpopular decisions will need to be made . 
  so when the next election will come her party will be able to come in as heroes who will fix the country which previous party ruined . 
  and since it will be economic recovery time she will be able to show good numbers because that would happen regardless of who is in charge . 
  would not work , a big portion of their economy depends on public spending . 
  heck , if done properly things like this can help some of the people to get by , make this recycling plan , start making things you can sell and get more people involved , stimulating economy based of something people throw away can be very beneficial . 
  sure it is not that easy as a lot of people pointed out , but it is a step towards the right dirrection . 
  a lot of these cities economies will be/is directly affected by climate change , it is appalling that president of the country just ignores them . 
  props for mayors standing up o it . 
  you know the saying , `` if solution does not work , push it again '' . 
  somehow the countries with least of this crap are the ones without terrorists . 
  they are everywhere , but they are not causing as much damage in india as they are elsewhere . 
  technically the nitrogen is already boiling . 
  would you look at this . 
  yea a lot of his characters are like that . 
  part of the reason i stopped watching his videos , not that there is anything wrong with them , just not my cup of tea . 
  so it would be making the hit on economy even worse . 
  i can 100 % guarantee that . 
  the key problem is storing it , hydro storage is the only viable solution on this scale but event then it really depends on a lot of factors . 
  also wind is seasonal thing so there are less windy months . 
  yes hydro storage is one of the methods being used for balancing out daily fluctuations because of demand side problems . 
  maybe she was just german . 
  well yea , but the parent comment talked about cutting off food supply which would be a war crime . 
  i actually found her funny , i guess it is subjective like with all jokes . 
  what is going on here ? 
  is this some kind of competition ? 
  i 'm already board of this pun thread . 
  from the moment the nails were being put in place it started to look worse than before . 
  woah , making costumes like these must take insane amount of time . 
  not to mention the time it takes to put them on . 
  not even that , some of the bigger companies do it to curb competition . 
  i think we found a time lord . 
   miranda_that_ghost :, 
   i suck balls, 
  they have paid hype crowds . 
  runner looks pretty dope . 
  he would have left earth orbit . 
  he is just level 20 druid . 
  no wonder scandinavians are so progressive . 
  far more people would buy unsafe cars which would be twice as cheap though . 
  that in turn would cost government a lot of money . 
   wow , ethan , great ~ ~ moves ~ ~ eyebrows , keep it up , i 'm proud of you, 
  anyone has the video of that ? 
  i think that even the pope would laugh at them . 
  what boggles my mind is how the richest country per capita still decided to use slaves . . 
  they would not feel the proper labor costs . 
  first generation of robots always malfunction . 
  potassium understands everything, 
  not for cats though , they are mortal enemies . 
  not to mention that it is not really that dark , you can still see pretty far even in low moonlight out in the sea . 
  us is the one who is asking nations to meddle in wars . 
  some of them started over false facts even . 
  pretty sure this is not a coincidence and the logo artist was just paid too little . 
  i am sure you could sell hand drawn pictures like this when you post them in comments . 
  could help you get some income . 
  viral marketing for example . 
  those have military contracts . 
  well that was 70 years ago . 
  damn those houses look flimsy , would a proper , brick house survive this ? 
  yea , if destroyer cant notice a ship like that then what the fuck would it do in a battle ? 
  and that is even after including males . 
  i think he only takes payment in pictures and not upvotes . 
  they are basically puppies , 8 legged puppies . 
  i am pretty sure this club in particular is filled with tramps . 
  donkey is a must . 
  well if it did not notice a ship in front of them then they wont notice it in mid range . 
  they can call themselves whatever they want , but those are n't liberals . 
  they have nothing in common with liberal views , if you call an orange apple then it is fallacy . 
  that does not make them liberal . . 
  i mean is us even denying this ? 
  they were probably in the right , but it is an objectively aggressive act . 
  some people here did not have a chance to do harder physical work . 
  not enough tentacles . 
  it 's not really carbon neutral , though it is better than digging shit up . 
  nk ca n't fly that far . 
  but it is not the fault of palm oil , it is because of corrupt autocracies . 
  i think it is more about hitting stop button before it kills everybody . 
  pretty cool to see him embrace the meme . 
  they do n't need to try hard when they control most of information flow .
