  those are good as standalone and this problem would not happen . 
  as bad as it is , i would kinda want to experience an earthquake . 
  shit is stable where i live . 
  at this point i am fearful at how limited modding in tes vi and fallout 4 will be so that bethesda could monetize the shit out of mods which will be compatible because of limitations . 
  how much did fedora mod cost ? 
  getting your pulse up , just to make you die faster . 
  helps reddit servers to stay up . 
  there are different people with different opinions ? 
  still best documentary about cuttlefish : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdwoi7hphtq, 
  a weird misshaped half of face however you will look . 
  but are these mods even compatible with reddit ? 
  this idea is as old as the hate for jar jar . 
  `` the force is all the protection i need baby ! '', 
  and how again can you tell the quality of a mod without buying it ? 
  that 's obviously a lanister . 
  does he look like a stag ? 
  other products has regulations and quality control from the industry . 
  damn , you have a good point . 
  who did not dream about this is a filthy liar or fulfilled that dream . 
  damn what a great build i could make if i had enough money to buy this mac . 
  mcdonald clown is scary/creepy as fuck man !, 
  few weeks back in time to stop steam launching paid mods !, 
  sjin - the king of trolls . 
  also ice skate is a good way to take your tooth out . 
  well that 's a novelty account reddit deserves , and needs . 
  but the point of mods on skyrim is to get bunch of them !, 
  retards everywhere , do n't dare insulting them . 
  where did i say anything about selling them ? 
  i only stated that usually in skyrim you will get a lot of them before playing . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  hey , some people break arms . 
  the one with baseball bat , please do n't hit me , you are the best !, 
  that guy walks too casually . . 
  i always wondered about immortality in that situation , and tbh , i would not mind it . 
  if she tied it strongly enough she would not need to catch it . 
  and a lot of people who have power to contribute to space exploration does not care what happens after they die . 
  yea , terraforming mars is interesting idea , though it would take hundred years + + . 
  and thinks all of us are assholes . 
  steam summer sale !, 
  tbh , steam sales have been going slightly downhill for couple of years . 
  what video does not show is that the fox can actually talk and it was born to a cow . 
  yea same , usually have at least $ 20 from cs before summer sales , but rarely spend more than $ 5 of my own money . 
  now i hope price of souvenir case will increase nicely before summer sale . 
  yea , i love how she states im a comedian first , as if this video was about her and not the issue . 
  all the colors ? 
  damn there are billions of them man . 
  wish granted !, 
  its a form of protest , and devs probably would understand that . 
  thinks how nice it would be to pull a ponytail . 
  still few months away from the expansion patch . 
  that 's how the best ones happen . 
  hey , he says he is professional , it must be true . 
  hey , he is american , they do n't do well in geography over the big lake . 
  `` how do i fly this thing ?! '', 
  the same reason hitlerstache is taboo . 
  dragon-fruit obviously !, 
  which is shown by the giant modding community , which valve and bethesda are trying to divide . 
  300 years `` is hitlerstache not taboo now ? '', 
  edit : it actually worked , i 'm impressed bot . 
  i 'm not sure i want my future offspring knowing my comment history . 
  that 's not how it would be terraformed , watch some docs or read the scientific papers about it . 
  no . . that 's not how terraforming would work ... its not about stripping it down and building structures . . 
  no thats not what terraforming mars would mean , you are just talking out of your ass ... 
  the way scientists are proposing , told you to go read through the actual work doing into theorizing possible ways of doing it and not talking bullshit you came up with yourself . 
  source ? 
  nasa has written few articles about colonization of mars and ways of doing it with terraforming . . 
  well he is not pulling his hair out about it . 
  meanwhile with euros . . 
  the size depends on the value . 
  the 5 euro bills are tiny . 
  yea , but this way valve and bethesda cant reap that sweet sweet cash . 
  that will happen once tpp is signed . 
  it 's the new `` flying chair '' from ikea . 
  pulls a bag away , interesting way to say `` steals a bag '' . 
  some places use the bracketed words as tags . 
  it 's just not always clear which way to do it . 
  decided its unhealthy and she/he loves his/hers body more than eating it ? 
  me too , it 's always nice to see new versions of villains . 
  what the fuck man . . 
  i 've seen how storm troopers shoot , your claim seem to be invalid . 
  hmm , i think i seen someone vaced at end of my match ( there was written something about vac detection ) . 
  funny how today i had a good day and got called hacker in several matches . 
  hey , found your arm man '' \\ '' , take it !, 
  its the thing so it can shapeshift . 
  not being invited to party does not mean you ca n't get drunk at special occasion . 
  always assume you are the one and try to improve yourself . 
  even if you are wrong , you will still be better off . 
  i thought you just have n't paid for 2 arms mod . 
  `` aaaaaaaaa ... splash '', 
  yea , it 's a great motto to live by , just a very hard one to achieve . 
  yea , that used to be the whole point of having game with mod support , but seems like someone decided to double dip . 
  bethesda and valve should only get very low % ( if any ) . 
  it seems like they are only counting steam workshop for mod users , which is unreliable system for setting a quality multiple mod setup . 
  i did not even look at workshop , went for nexus instantly . 
  if they do n't want to put money into curating and managing the steam workshop then they should take 0 % out of the mod sales . 
  the skyrim mod itself will cost $ 199 though . 
  damn this was nicely made op , how much do we have to pay you now ? 
  ouch man . . do n't even try to put images like that into peoples mind . 
  damn , that was one of the better written response from them . 
  whoever wrote this understands us !,
