  that is why youtube and handheld/phone cameras were invented . 
  should have kept that raccoon as a pet , clearly a superior pet . 
  what a great time to be alive . . 
  if you are a grape . 
  from my wast understanding in biology i know that because it tasted cat blood it will now only attack cats , which might be convenient depending on your view . 
  that fucking god damn sound ... 
  but snakes are birds, 
  i kinda want to rewatch them now . 
  what does this have to do with the topic ? 
  scrap metal does not have feelings . 
  are n't wet books salvageable ? 
  would still be readable , so little harm done . 
  they do have ftl travel and ftl communications . . 
  yes but if you have someone recording the sound and sending it at speed of light you will detect it sooner , same with this , they do have a way to send the recording of it/data on it at ftl speed . 
  as far as i understand the people watching the sky were the people in hosnian system , so it would have taken minutes for them to see things happening . 
  so who are you talking about watching the sky ? 
  when you are 21-30 those years are called dark ages . 
  yeah , that is why research on gender effects or race often is taboo when doing statistical research . 
  no one want to hear results which contradicts their beliefs . 
  even when they are told during presentation that these results are just based on the given data and might not represent the true population , they will still be batshit angry about your racist research . 
  yeah and now that i read it , it was visible ( according to content managers of the series ) because it created rip in hyperspace . 
  it is explained in junior novelization of this scene , the whole fact about it being seen even though that light had no time to travel that far . 
  as if star wars is known for representing real life physics ? 
  it is a sci-fi fantasy series . 
  it can have multiple explanations , but i like the way you think . 
  when you start going to swinger parties . 
  that would imply that a lot of them would have sense of humor . 
  which we know for a fact german people are not famous for . 
  that is so 20century , we need to go for dna based storage . 
  the idea itself is 50ish years old , as you said , it is a logical connection one often makes about dna and storage of information . 
  blue pills helps with building tall towers . 
  wow , ca n't even begin to imagine how much work did that take . 
  looks freaking awesome . 
  have not seen an ad in a while . 
  ublock works perfectly fine for me . 
  that sums up my opinion on all of their qq videos . 
  been a while since i literally lol ` ed after seeing something on reddit . 
  it is amazing in how atkinson can be funny in so many different ways . 
  yeah sometimes people 's definition of hipster is very confusing and now i realized how often bohemians are branded as hipsters . 
  til about solitary bees . 
  as someone who grew up playing cossacks games i ca n't wait for this . 
  but also a bit worried since a lot of disappointing game comebacks happened past few years . 
  somehow i always imagined bee species being something similar to honeybees in a broad sense of function . 
  this is fun thing to find out . 
  getting something gauged out of your skull is definitely not a nice feeling . 
  you would have to drink piss though . 
  felicity as man in the mask confirmed . 
  phew , and here i thought i would have to have something else for dinner . 
  you 're a homophone !, 
  seriously , does it smell completely different for some people ? 
  now imagine eating this giant worm if it was made like those sugar free gummy worms . 
  come on , that was too far , no one jokes on reddit !, 
  why not both ? 
  `` shem can dig hole twice the size with half the food ! '', 
  just google virgin airlines takeover by alaska airlines . . 
  would there even be 2.5 m rigs capable of running vr properly ? 
  pastors still need to eat . 
  source ? 
  and how did you come up with 8 million vr capable machines from that ? 
  so felicity is zoom ? 
  you should take that 125m with a grain of salt . 
  no he is jay garrick . 
  `` they like hawkman '', 
  before we saw him in the show we did . 
  did not even know they have several airline companies . 
  shoo gainz goblin , this cracked me up . 
  just a cat visiting all of his food hoes . 
  no , it 's his coon . 
  that was his point . 
  both of those will harm normal people too much to be viable solution . 
  what if it was bee shooting gun ? 
  because it is impossible to know those numbers it means that the estimate is not good . 
  funny how lewis settings are getting worse every episode . 
  ate about 1/20000 used ford escort for dinner . 
  i was wondering wtf was beeping . 
  i mean , if i was going to ride a speciale i would definitely film myself so that i could brag about it . 
  i think it started beeping once the transmission mode was set to drive or something , was not beeping while he was getting outside parking . 
  i guess the amount of money we consider spare change is a bit different . 
  kinda like his version better , can we change it in the dictionary ? 
  sending sound trough wires ? 
  are you insane ? 
  at first i did not even realize it was rdj when i saw the movie . 
  hey it 's me , your guest !, 
  i thought she was democrat ? 
  that 's how scientific research works . 
  i wonder how would they perform if it was a lager maze , or if they remember where the food is now . 
  those are the spooky particles . 
  ah , corporate espionage . 
  i guess it is better career path . 
  some people are very self-critical . 
  depends if you are rich enough . 
  wait , everything else on fox is not satire ? 
  come one , do n't pussy out , at worst you will get bitten by radioactive tv and will become tv-man . 
  i recently had steam alt tab me out of csgo match to show me that it decided to install another microsoft c++ , and it happened several times past week . 
  it was a low hanging fruit . 
  but bashing on news media and modern journalism gives me joy . 
  lewis gets bored and starts up gta v in the middle of video . 
  haha , i ca n't fix it now . 
  who is these days ? 
  + -5 years is the usual range around that age .
