  with youtube being full of videos with no views this makes it very impressive . 
  oh damn , that second to last guy !, 
  completely lost my shit . 
  for example posting on reddit . 
  yea , i am reincarnation of konfucius . 
  i could n't trust some random masked vigilantes , they must be registered !, 
  i just need to do one more thing . 
  even in old x-files they glossed over that movie . 
  it was as if all that shit barely happened . 
  \u2200 means all, 
  \u2203 means exists, 
  you should drop that exists in first one and at least in last one . 
  they would not make sense in most times these are used . 
  well the exists in first place is more than redundant , it does not mean that . 
  often you use \u2200 and \u2203 together for example . 
  for \u2200 x from x \u2203 y from y which does ... 
  it would not make sense to say exists for every x in x , exists y ? 
  even when you swap them around it would still be out of place . 
  but maybe i am just being pedantic . 
  yea i just attached a magnet to the centre of crt . 
  best i can do is king , i guess i am just bad at the game . 
  heck i barely get dust2 these days . 
  you should watch your replays and look at what you could do better , and also do aim training before sessions . 
  no other game works anymore , you always go back to csgo . 
  do you have something what would instantly kill ? 
  i do n't want to suffer long . 
  i still find greg videos entertaining , at least they are never doing anything horrible , they are usually light and happy pranks . 
  well he did rant about other youtube bs a while back . 
  that 's the trick , people pretend to be smart , but when you try to have a decent discussion with them you realize that they are all magicians . 
  i could easily live listening only to led zeppelin and acdc . 
  a drop of water in a bucket . 
  yea that is close to minimal monthly wage in my country . 
  not going to happen . 
  meh i kinda expected it to be very expensive considering its first generation of the products . 
  i wish we had earthquakes in my country so that construction workers would actually do quality stuff . 
  or if you are even more lucky you could have tyrannosaurus sex . 
  that 's what social anxiety will do to you , and you can clearly see her anxiety interviews she is in . 
  still putting cd in microwave is more fun than floppy . 
  but they can be used as weapons , a substitute to throwing stars . 
  that is how finns handle the winter so well . 
  that and loads and loads of hard alcohol . 
  i loved the way they shown the flashbacks in that show , so sad that it got canceled . 
  you never know what lunatics will do . 
  damn mate , i only deranked to dmg from le after this rank shift , and then i had 8 losses in a row so i have to deal with mge for some time now . 
  well i kinda was on lem/le boarder before shift so maybe i ended up somewhere high in dmg bracket so it took some effort to derank . 
  i do n't know whats up but i have been having a lot less fun matches recently ( probably more due to the sale than the rank shift ) , thinking about taking a break from this crap . 
  nah just overall match balance gone to shit , half of team has 20 + kills and half of team with < 5 . 
  and this happens every match , december was a lot better in this regard . 
  you should check that at the doctor . 
  do n't feel like i am good enough for those . 
  also do not want some of the snooping programs running on my pc since i do freelance work on it . 
  well at least they will film me while they kill me . 
  always wanted to be a movie star . 
  that scene looked so silly but it also looked cool . 
  i guess i was halfway back in my childhood while watching the movie . 
  like i get being annoyed by loud music when you are being at home , but setting this up for when you leave is a really really asshole move . 
  because that is the only time they should want to play the music . 
  so he wants them to stop playing the music the only time they can do it without disturbing him ? 
  he is everyone 's boss . 
  meh cats chill 70 % of the time , then at 3am it decides to fuck shit over . 
  well it is already the case if you use poe.trade . . 
  it kinda would not change anything if they could handle the bots . 
  it would just make the price fixing a bit more manageable . 
  so basically building a sandcastle near the sea and then the tide destroys it , but instead of shouting `` rekt '' the sea just waves at you . 
  yea also a lot of them lack knowledge in a lot of spheres outside of what they experienced , that does not make them unintelligent , it only makes them disinterested in those things . 
  free lead to everyone !, 
  this will be weird for the referendum , politicians will definitely spin this for anti-eu vote . 
  when did aceisuz become hotter than \u0104\u010c\u0118\u0116\u012e\u0160\u0172\u016a\u017d ? 
  geez people , you and your beauty standards . . 
  i think the guy called it kinkychu or something , must be evolved version . 
  what the fuck is that movie . 
  who decided it was a good idea ? 
  some of them may be just too lazy to do it while there are not a lot of bottles and store them until it is worth carrying them . 
  source - have about 20 beer bottles in balcony no one uses , should really take care of that someday . 
  i sit here , thinking that is just impossible to do . 
  and then i realize that here in lithuania we are top1 at alcohol consumption in the world so this should be even worse . 
  who the fuck drinks this much . . 
  those people consume enough alcohol to fuel a car for that week . 
  why would he kill his grandfather ? 
  spoiler alert in reply to this comment, 
  the reality is that iq has no causation to what you find entertaining . 
  it is more related to cultural environment , social circle and other environmental factors you experienced . 
  yeah , that is egyptian symbol for bullshit . 
  there is always a person who will read that for the first time . 
  iphone 6 makes you look thin !, 
  buy now and lose that extra 15kg !, 
  i think he deserves a reward for his observation , something along the lines of the kick in the nuts i would guess ? 
  as a beta player i also left before a lot of items were introduced like this , returned to dabble for a month and left again . 
  not even sure how long it has been , that community is just not for me , best i can handle is csgo random people . 
  can someone reverse this cruel thing !, 
  but good old games term can just mean that good old is used as a combined adjective . 
  it would not necessary mean something old , it would mean something familiar . 
  nah my account is obviously lvl30 full of champs and quite a few runepages , it is just not fun unless you find people you know to play together . 
  the dubbing is gold sometimes , in that shitty x-men 3 movie they translated `` the best defense is a good offense '' into `` the best defense is a good insult '' which was hilarious . 
  stitching the mouth helps in some ways . 
  kids are the best trolls without even realizing that . 
  op using child labor to get diamonds !, 
  now i am afraid of these tiny devil balls inside my drawer , heck i am missing some of them , am i going to die ? 
  this math seems a bit off , you are dividing area measurement of the reef by length measurement of the yacht . 
  and then somehow getting to 15 % of yacht length ?
