  they will also time travel ?? 
  and fight vandal fucking savage ? 
  well if i recall correctly it will be shorter than other shows , so maybe they had a bit more money for each episode ? 
  maybe at the end of the flash finale , rip hunter comes and helps barry to send rf away to time where he belongs ? 
  it 's not like arrow cave is very secure and has no intruders . 
  i was making a joke on how arrow borrows a lot from batman stories . 
  well he/she time traveled , so he/she knew where the bullets will hit . 
  nudge , nudge !, 
  i so wish oliver would grow his facial hair in arrow . 
  and jet fuel does not melt steel . 
  everyone applauds for his sense of humor , and she is making her face like it 's something disgusting . 
  i am sure the sides are covered while driving ? 
  this was to show how it looks ? 
  ouch . . 
  the pain from even looking at this gif . . 
  not sure man , he might have vagina from that now . 
  i do the same just on mid , it 's funny how often that actually works . 
  bollocks i guess . . 
  it was a good and fun movie to watch , but that 's just my opinion . 
  it was definitely better than some of the other sci-fi movies . 
  i think these things are very toxic and dangerous in other ways . 
  i think he slowly turned into a bot . 
  after i finish my thesis it will be :, 
  dishonored - treat yo self, 
  witcher 2 - treat yo self, 
  path of exile - treat yo self, 
  i hope the rest of series will be in par with the pilot . 
  also it seems like they have more budget than arrow/flash . 
  will keep that in mind , though i usually do n't plan out the path to take . 
  how is it finished when the new arc is nowhere near the end ( for few decades probably ) . 
  you poor bastard , they made you play that map ? 
  it 's always great to experience those gif moments in the game . 
  imagine how many crazy things never gets posted . 
  this is great , someone needs to add scream vocals . 
  the guy , who went into water for his drone and got his phone messed up , really needed this . 
  that 's like broken window fallacy , we can call it piss puddle paradox . 
  well this was interesting to listen , though i do n't have any hard emotional feelings about slaughtering animals for food . 
  does this mean i can stop studying econometrics and become a writer ? 
  nope , that 's why its good to have more than twice the amount you want to spend on unlocking . 
  though now for my 4th ascension i will have 1e18 and i will buy 4th and 5th mutations , which will leave me quite a bit more than twice , same happened last time . 
  but i do n't really follow guides so my progress is probably slower . 
  i do n't think i saw the first one , was it any good or is it very random like naruto ones ? 
  the only good part is that you can jump off the roof instead of playing it . 
  nope , crocodile is working as intended by nature . 
  they joined sjelsa . 
  yea , it was fairly badly organised , but still , the map looked pretty great . 
  though i only watched polaris version since i figured these other ones will be the same . 
  `` or whatever '' lol . . 
  someone will not be a manager for very long . . 
  well . . we just did . . 
  they are trained to move it ( or maybe are imitating ? 
  ) , these three animals do it naturally . 
  she was a real piece of art ? 
  well it supposed to be packed with superheroes , so who would not be exited !, 
  probably another chick to add to his harem . 
  maybe to make it more amazonian design ? 
  i think that 's exactly how it works , most of the super-rich people are pissing all over middle and lower class . 
  at least he did not use lime and go outside on sunny day . 
  well its a stand , so non-stand users obviously will not see it . 
  2378 , thanks !, 
  you ai n't getting the dog back , it 's not like you can recognize who stole it . 
  sorry , not too much logic in my comments , only jokes and other bullshit i post to get my mind of my thesis . 
  wow . . that was pretty stupid . . 
  co kurwa ? 
  2016 will be fucking amazing with all those major superhero plots . 
  that 's why men are applauding . 
  well who cares where you do it , as long as you enjoy what you do . . 
  so you might go and try that , but you will obviously suffer the consequences and go to jail . 
  1607 , thanks for the giveaway mate !, 
  sure he would . . nice try mr. police . 
  well we do n't know which call of duty . 
  well i liked the sequel when i was a kid . 
  this new paranormal activity movie looks weird . 
  still could end badly . 
  internet did that to my mind way earlier . 
  damn this could have ended way worse !, 
  is `` jewlery '' pronounced like jew larry ? 
  nice comparison . . 
  easy ... schlongs of skyrim, 
  `` who hired a fucking mime ?! '', 
  i thought in america you would just shoot him ? 
  that 's the trick , no one will believe him , so in reality him being in the society is a secret . 
  damn , i did not even know you can walk around legally with riffles like that in us . 
  yea last season had a lot of things which transitioned between episodes . 
  ( not sure if that 's the right way to call that ), 
  i had to stop watching after half minute mark , i 'm better off not seeing that for whole minute . 
  do n't you guys have self-checkout lines in us ? 
  / r/thingsjohnsnowknows, 
  ok that explains the picture a bit more . 
  but here where i live we still have a lot of cashiers alongside the self-checkout lines . 
  some people just ca n't use those machines well and prefer not to do it themselves . 
  one item per bag ? 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  weird , where i live they just scan the items and you use as many bags as you please/buy . 
  though it might be european thing . 
  this really turning out to be my favorite anime this season . 
  the right to bear arms ... 
  this took me too long to understand because i 'm not american . 
  guys have a question , how is bbc news these days ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out what news channel to run in background .
