  they have `` shit ticklers '' for that . 
  well then they should address it from the viewpoint of the high tier weapon spawns and not lower the enjoyment of exploring by forcing to grind fuel or other things . 
  shift + click i think is for 1 block . 
  they are revamping level system , all planet in the tier will have same levels , there are lots of different changes coming regarding balancing . 
  we all know apex are over concentrated on their work and forget such things as doors or feces . 
  what is this starboat ? 
  lol , i guess my editing was too slow . 
  well i agree to your solution to world hunger and cancer . 
  well red agrees with me and he developed terraria . 
  well i think there might be some modders who are sg1 fans and would like to add this and could do it . 
  whats a good one to do pixel art ? 
  im thinking of starting modding starbound when ill be free from studies but never actually worked on pixel art . 
  as i understood level 1 planets are now tier 1 , level 2 = tier 2 and etc . 
  as they said , only 10 levels instead of 100 . 
  wasnt there one developed ? 
  yea now i remember that mmo got canceled when the company bancrupt or smth . 
  wow this looks pretty cool , maybe its going to be in ship upgrade ? 
  because you dont loose speed in space , the fuel is for acceleration so it should only take more time , not fuel . 
  there was few games developed for pc , few came out , others got trashed . 
  drugs , drugs is going on . 
  subzero will come from siberia to fix things . 
  ftl is probably possible based on recent research where nasa is working on their warp drive tests , and yea space is n't empty but its relatively empty in sense of how much drag it would create , most of modern aerodynamics advancements would render it irrelevant , the bigger problem would be gravitational forces and random particle winds from novas/supernovas . 
  i seem to find these several times , strange that this terrain generation bug is common . 
  i think avians like some rum . 
  there is magic scroll one also . 
  it really kinda does n't change much , you can find enough coal on surface to jump to another planet . 
  dont think they spawned it by crafting . 
  well we lazy people tend to find how to do the job efficient and fast . 
  for me it looks pretty amazing , i get that some people dont like this , but i would definitely use it as a mod if not in game . 
  yea for me it happens quite often , sometimes i need to beam over 10 times untill it works . 
  til subreddits can turn off downvote button . 
  yea found this one first time today , got few good weapons from the damn enemies . 
  well i got 33dps weapon from the npc 's there , for tier 2 thats a nice mace . 
  it scared me the first time i touched it :d didint think it was an usable thing when i randomly clicked e . 
  sounds interesting but there are many people who dont like jumping puzzles and that would block them from progression , if the bosses would not be that important to accessing content but giving other types of significant rewards then yea , they could be harder . 
  but that 's just my opinion , im not that into fighting , i 'm just a peaceful hylotl explorer . 
  well there are altars and other special `` beds '' which heal you faster . 
  im not sure , might look on wiki for specific names . 
  well found items will probably be better most of the time , recently got white hammer with 70dps , thought it was tier3 but appears to be only tier2 . 
  you need to defeat penguin boss and use starmap mk2 on your ship to unlock new blueprints . 
  idk , i think he disguised as an apex villager , so killing them all should do the job ey ( jk , apex are cool and has tasty food ) ? 
  but back to the main point , who wants to start floran extermination act ? 
  they polluted our oceans , started a war and kicked us out of our own planet , thats unacceptable . 
  they even say that we shouldnt take anything , might just be not as easy to implement to get it this early in beta . 
  well kinda , graphics arent that simpler , but a bit less nice and not that polished . 
  its up for a future , now you kinda find assasins killing merchants and such and the quest part is more like role-played . 
  they should so , the level system was changed . 
  well just read the lore of your race and role-play , its still very fun , weird to start though . 
  disagree , hunger just adds to survival side of the game , it would be fun to have more such mechanics . 
  ive noticed that i find plenty of titanium in tier3 planets , even on surfice . 
  oh the nostalgic memories , need to rewach old series someday ( after the first shitloads of series of doctor who ) . 
  if it runs on linux it should run on steam os . 
  explore ? 
  most of the crafted foods give health regen , there are so many foods that you should check wiki . 
  ingredients dont give buffs thats for sure , but they are small part of foods , and most of the crafted ones as i said give health regen . 
  it would be cool to have shrooms an playable race , opposite of those scums florans . 
  symbiotic race who wants peace in the universe , total zen race . 
  tried to think of mushroom pun but couldnt spore anything . 
  you , overgrown weed . 
  those 2 are the only ones which can spawn in tier1 , found rocket jump and butterfly bubble thingy, 
  might just be luck . 
  well at least you have dash , the rocket jump is pretty lame and the bubble eats energy too fast so im stuck with double jump . 
  you can find glitch village at 60724617 66003359, 
  there are quite a number of fungus which are symbiotic , for example truffles . 
  isnt this on roadmap as not yet finished feature ? 
  i usually build dirt tower and shoot down , anyway loot from them is pretty useless , still havent found anything better than 74dps tier2 hammer . 
  yep , no idea how its possible , it is even white ... well name fits it `` sharp killsquisher '' . 
  only got dog one , and russian winter had ( forgot the name ) which should have more cold resist . 
  i think it was always there , especially sometimes near the electric walls . 
  i dont seem to have such problem and i travel quite often ... also go to space and find uranium and etc. 
  i dont think all 3 of them would be worth enough on market for starbound key mate . 
  also putting it into microwave or oven for few minutes might do the job . 
  yep there is a bottom . 
  sometimes magma lake . 
  seems like a shield . 
  there are probably lots of things not added , and there will be 10 sectors + tier x , i think it will be enough , especially if you dont rush . 
  in terraria you can get through most of content just as fast ( not that im comparing games just an example ) . 
  yep , youtube claims are broken now . . 
  keep your matter manipulator safe at all times !, 
  its because of the way random generation works , its all based on seeds which are determined in game code . 
  dont know how to explain atm . 
  a whale with big 1 room would be cool also . 
  wow i noticed that its magicarp way too late . 
  arent human males based on doctors , so some of the female might also be related ? 
  because organic matter is quite an efficient source of energy . 
  it literally took me 5 minutes to realize that , so your hypothesis might be true :d though im quite sure im missing something obvious also . 
  at latter tiers 1700 pixels arent much , thats like few gold bars at refinery or few monsters . 
  if you checked my history i always write tiers , not sure why i did it different this time :d, 
  thats because you are a ignorant war starting morons ... plants thinking they can be an advanced and sophisticated race is amusing . 
  dont forget seaweeds for healthy finish . 
  they cant really talk all that well . 
  why is there win in there ? 
  problem : i am utterly unmotivated ... 
  solution : help please , anyone ?? 
  do not open it ... 
  already had gold , silver just does n't motivate me anymore . 
  i have a rule , some1 is rude = kill whole village . 
  ( in florans case also bomb everything also ), 
  it should come to all eu nations first . . :(, 
  and more resilient , he has protection from all damage caused by ftl speed when in speed force mode he can beat anyone .
