  do anyone seriously think that if someone did have a hand made bomb and would want to use it , it would be so obvious ? 
  well did you at least stay in contact ? 
  if you did not get laid you still might have gotten a friend . 
  fruit is most anti american thing ever . 
  ( except apples , people are crazy about apples ), 
  sometimes you kinda have to do that when buying keyboards/headsets or other stuff . 
  there are tons of low quality fast breaking stuff for low price and there are not too many overpriced ones . 
  at least the important part of me is . 
  i guess you were too fast too furious . 
  indeed , even at dmg/le you have so many people who are so against sharing the funds that you never know whether you will get a drop or not . 
  might be just an accident , from time to time you buy wrong things . 
  somehow this will be spinned and make hungarians seen as fascists . 
  do we know if he had a4 ? 
  wait ... 
  there is more in reddit than one subreddit ? 
  that was probably the plan , for him to stop people without worrying about fouls . 
  sweet and slavery ... lost it at that . 
  like you probably can construct a math system where 1x1 would be 2 , but that would be based on completely different rules than what the math we use is based on . 
  you probably would need to write quite a lot until you get to proving that in your system 1x1 is 2 . 
  weight maybe or something ? 
  getting `` this photo is no longer available '' makes this interesting in global climate change context . 
  link works fine , it 's just res messing it up . 
  so happy that new season of south park started , great episode !, 
  there are not a lot of ways you can randomize a set of only a 0 . 
  randomly assigning jobs to people would be interesting . 
  he is a bomb !, 
  sex bomb !, 
  bow chika bow wow . 
  [ have you heard the best song ever ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkffk-mh1kq ), 
  me too , and i do n't even have the right parts for that !, 
  that 's pretty genius . 
  someone should do this and film it . 
  for fucks sake ... 
  best one so far !, 
  as someone who does n't like them , this was semi-entertaining . 
  see hungary events ? 
  stuff like this happens when there are no well upvoted posts in the sub , pretty terrible , but at the same time you will see posts from not so popular subs where posts can not get many upvotes which does not indicate that posts are bad . 
  excuse me , are you saying meow ? 
  looks like he was getting ready to start a boxing match against that bee . 
  do n't make us go and check your ~ ~ privilege ~ ~ frame rates !, 
  they can , but they do n't seem to want to , look at new knives/knife . 
  russian mundo rushes where he pleases . 
  did you just seriously reply to 5 months old comment ? 
  i ca n't put a finger on it , can you point it out ? 
  thanks for gold whoever gifted it !, 
  you can find faces like this on http://dongerlist.com/ . 
  aww . . expected him to slip on the wall . 
  just need to cross a pond and you are there . 
  so the trick is to get your hair set on fire trough the cap ? 
  there are , especially on youtube comments . 
  hot magma ca n't melt hard dicks . 
  yea and i have no idea why , [ urban dictionary does n't help ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=donger ) . 
  i think it is the key to colonizing other planets . 
  hell , with 2 bricks you can build a jet . 
  damn i 've been trough topics about this in / r/europe but somehow i missed people calling her mama merkel until today . 
  only if you paint one true leader ... nic cage, 
  `` wait . . did his eyes just move ?! '', 
  can i just spray piss ? 
  first time i am seeing it , maybe you are doing it in obnoxious way ? 
  just because you have been here longer does not mean you know how to properly use it . 
  you got damn sax loving dirty bastard !, 
  it is twice as vegan as kale . 
  hey it 's me , your brother , give me your dragon lore !, 
  so where else to put the cocaine ? 
  with a job that hard , you have to have humor . 
  damn that is scary as fuck . 
  i guess they justify their name . 
  i guess thanks ? 
  it is pc during the day , waifu at night . 
  also budget differs on the country . 
  what is low budget in germany , is wealth in latvia or elsewhere in eastern europe . 
  why so mean , are you to me ? 
  here you go : ******** . 
  someone is having scrambled eggs for breakfast . 
  he makes me think though , what would happen if someone would microwave unopened redbull can . 
  damn i turned my calculator , does this mean i can wear cool outfits ? 
  bunch of pot heads . 
  depends if you are a pilot or not ? 
  seems like parametric modeling was used , but i only had a quick glance , is the data used in this public ? 
  would love to try to run other types of regressions when i have time to check if results are similar . 
  people like that should go to jail imho , there should be proper regulations for markets like that . 
  hell you can do it trough legal sources too , quite a few options there exists already . 
  was watching eurobasket 100 % legally since the channel streams itself over internet for free ( with adds ) . 
  he will become abbot of usa if he wins i bet . 
  living american dream i see . 
  it 's china , everywhere is a good toilet . 
  i wonder what i would do in situation similar like that , i would hope i would own to that and do something funny . 
  `` fuck you and your silly rules '', 
  a safe obviously . 
  looks like a free scarf to me . 
  nyan dog . 
  i thought everything was accepted there ? 
  the title of the movie ? 
  half life 3, 
  thanks !, 
  you are literally worse than hitler . 
  i do some marathoning . 
  just now i ran trough 5 seasons of stargate, 
  people are probably angry because those migrants will get twice the funds than someone who earns minimum wage which is already hard to live with .
