  dogs do n't care about destination anyway , the run is what it wants . 
  i think jaden should see a doctor about that . . 
  no man . . that 's where even with context its not better . . 
  f in peace, 
  also nestle might take over ferrero , so that would be a bit bad . 
  what mushrooms did you eat ? 
  thanks for insight , mr. buzzkill, 
  i think that vaccinations scare the shit out of kids , so much that they will never want to inject anything . . 
  is there someone invisible in this picture ? 
  or is it just a ball ? 
  they do have obligation of being a decent human beings . 
  or just take a vacation ? 
  looks like an alien . 
  so you ca n't just ignore someone knocking at the door ? 
  it does n't matter who is to be blamed more , both are to be blamed . . 
  just check the callgirl adds . 
  everyone has to watch it . . 
  that reminds me , i need to figure out how to use my laptop for dual monitor setup . 
  what ?? 
  how is that even comparable ... 
  tbh , fucking is what caused the problem , i do n't think that it could fix it . 
  hey , at least you seem like a pretty decent human being , so you have that i guess ? 
  yea , just russia is a bit more scary than nk , especially when you live in eastern europe . 
  they will be called highcopters . 
  i think that would kill the wearer . 
  now imagine them inside tornado !, 
  now to just give them enough speed to leave orbit . 
  i do n't know mate , i see a lot of dinosaurs on public transport , they are n't that exciting . 
  in usa they would cap it at $ 250 + additional fees . 
  it 's reddit , what else to do if not post unoriginal jokes . . 
  so french surrendered ? 
  can i take it in doge coins ? 
  oh god . . this username . . 
  at least i 'm not an asshole . . 
  you do realize that what you are doing is also a circlejerk , fucking hypocrite . . 
  that 's definitely not a cat , aliens are here guys , pack it up !, 
  because you are on reddit . 
  could the cables even transfer that ? 
  oh so you can stick up several hdmi 's into something like that ? 
  seems like you might not have a job for too long . . 
  angry people are probably the ones who are most likely to complain about you . 
  really ? 
  is n't it like that in a lot of eu countries ? 
  damn , someone is going to have some fun . 
  god those old bonds were assholes . . 
  skynet is trying to summon the devil . . 
  would you even care ? 
  obviously ... 
  if you have to ask then you usually should . 
  wait . . 
  this would be illegal in eu , does usa not have something similar of a law ? 
  i found that at least in my language , it is not about pronouncing it the same , it is about compressing information , usually you do n't need to use all the letters to know what word is used , our brain is good at predicting that . 
  step two - magic, 
  step three - ??? 
  step force - profit, 
  erotic movies ? 
  god . . you could make a shitty adam sandler movie about this . . 
  at phone so ca n't read article , did they measure the productivity of the farmland when doing this ? 
  hopefully slowness increased survival rates . 
  or just give him some russian soup , then again lizard people are probably hard to poison . 
  well obviously it is not all black and white , some things are better at usa than elsewhere , still , doubt that i would emigrate to usa , unless here in eastern europe shit will break loose . 
  now imagine the butterfly effect if someone went back in time and warned him to see his wife on time . 
  someone needs to start poaching the poachers . . 
  good thing my parents tried to hide that they smoke so they did it away from me . 
  i did figure it out when i was 9 or 10 and they kept thinking they are succeeding in hiding their habit for 10 years until eventually they told it to me , it was fun while it lasted . 
  abbot turning into godzilla would probably be for the best . 
  there must be some livestreams online similar to that ? 
  in soviet russia tourists fly with bombers and fighter jets . 
  i have a certain amount of unspecific skills , if you will not stop sending me these facts , i might find you and i might even knock on your doors !, 
  who needs protection when you have no brain to protect ? 
  then still , teacher did not give student the protection , if something went wrong she would go '' ` tis was just a prank ! '' . . 
  op had a picture of himself taken and posted this just to reap sweet sweet karma !, 
  meh , you look fine mate . 
  explain to non american ? 
  whats up with idaho ? 
  also real farming takes shitloads of time . 
  well definitely not fucks , cause most of them do n't give any . . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  meh , just use fast-lanes for visual information . 
  i do n't really get who would agree to this . . good thing i do n't use any social media except reddit , so would not fall for shit like this . 
  weird that gmg does not seem to state that , or i 'm blind . 
  i would !, 
  and it would have blackjack and hookers !, 
  the amount of intellect used in them . 
  they affiliated with black beard . 
  not you , you are not welcomed here . 
  yea , but people like you are minority and because of that , pretty irrelevant . 
  to be fair , that was a public service and he should be rewarded for that . 
  that would be awesome , well at least i might someday have a dream about that being a thing . 
  yep , lithuanian local channel also airs house of cards . 
  they do license their shows to other channels in regions they are not available . 
  and really , i would not mind the show being that , great for relaxation after work . 
  i think snakes and spiders took over the government . 
  godaddy.porn oh god ... 
  yea , the problem with these skin sites is that a lot of kids are probably using them , that should be illegal . 
  where the hell do you find the complexity , english is has a lot of things simplified when compared to other languages . . 
  i love you . 
  for me it was that at the end , i sill want to be at least an observer of this world , there are just too many things i would regret not seeing . 
  but maybe my suicidal thoughts were n't too serious . 
  i am still very apathetic about lots of things , but i try to find motivation everywhere i can .
