  shit is already bad . 
  i think there are a few countries there who does it on purpose . 
  did they rule out murder ? 
  it 's their own fault . 
  that is probably true , there is just too much risk in another test becoming an attack . 
  i would expect all airlines having a large no go zone around nk . 
  the big difference is that trump would not be able to pull anything drastic , whole government system is designed to prevent president going haywire on the countries interests . 
  different people like different things , so for those who want it it would be good entertainment . 
  the design seems simple enough , you probably could make this at home . 
  probably nothing would happen ( other than outrage ) , no western country is stupid enough to not have security measures against this . 
  looks like a joke . 
  a shit ton is official name for it . 
  common madman unites others . 
  most companies disclose that , it is just common courtesy . 
  this is probably more targeted at some time of abuse . 
  iirc they were slowly turning some of the devices off due to that . 
  the radioactive material is running out . 
  but it will still fly and carry the message . 
  are n't they banned ? 
  still impressive that it can transmit info correctly over this distance even after 40 years . 
  usa people are pansies . 
  most countries tend to not have stray dogs because they are captured , the cats a lot of the time are left alone since they are good at adapting and not threatening in most cases . 
  whatever you say pansy . 
  were even too afraid to finish your sentence with a dot . 
  it was something close to 20 hours last time i read , ca n't be sure if i recall correctly . 
  or open up a fight club . 
  slowing down the game , it is useful tactic . 
  well just because it coincides with their business interests it does not reduce the impact . 
  most of the world is doing it out of self interest . 
  no one is okay with it , that is why people are being punished . 
  `` homeless and on an island '' sounds like a reality tv show . 
  damn i really should get this game , it seems like they went and improved what they did with the last game from what i see . 
  i guess i will wait for a sale . 
  oh bro , you pc too ? 
  i have not played stick of truth , was kinda in harder place financially when it came out so i watched a lets play so pretty much saw all the story . 
  the key thing here is that all three of them are the same person . 
  what are you talking about . . his reaction completely gave it away . 
  i knew this was going to happen , i knew it would make me twitch and feel uneasy , but i still fucking decided to click it ... 
  eu still has stronger military than russia even without us . 
  is that monument for green arrow ? 
  also how does he know he is talking about cigarettes , maybe he is addicted to love ? 
  since when ? 
  that is a bonus , you get to see which parents are assholes so you and your kids could hang out with ones who do n't pretend they are better than everyone else . 
  i just do n't get someone having such strong feelings against something what can be ignored and never seen so easily . 
  ah , so you ca n't tell what species your gf belongs to ? 
  with elijah 's wood . 
  wait , several ev charging spots in bigger shopping centers is a norm in eu , is it not the same in us ? 
  that is how good interviewer acts like . 
  not someone given a job for no good reason . 
  maybe there is florida man there right now ? 
  also in china , the more endangered the species is the longer you can last in bed after eating it . 
  just small clarification , there is plenty of water on the moon . 
  so not having polar caps is not a major issue for smaller colony . 
  well you have a great voice , sad that some people do not understand boundaries . 
  that is why most of examples are done in mono background . 
  surprising amount of people ca n't do this math and borrows payday loans . 
  can i crash at your place ? 
  i do n't even know what one does with a car like this . 
  it is not like you can go and do 400 anywhere . 
  heck very few tracks will be suitable for that . 
  not to mention all the maintenance you need for this . 
  though i guess when you can afford a bugatti you can afford a team of mechanics . 
  since i live on the other side of the ocean so drowning in my sleep is not among things i worry about . 
  `` screw this , i 'll rather live '' tattoo is something i want . 
  no we did not . 
  that is if they die , or if they ever find my body . 
  what a great guy , he just says what he thinks and has a positive view on everything . 
  are n't we all ? 
  `` i ca n't be with you anymore , our problems just got too big . '', 
  people in position of power should be held to higher moral standards , if he did this to a person which is most important in his life what hope can we have in ever trusting him . 
  it is not empty , it is just not perfect . 
  but we want to get close to it being real as possible and convicts are easily identified . 
  he was not selling pot ffs , he committed a horrifying thing . 
  damn this escalated quickly . . 
  real or not it is still a great music video and a nice tune . 
  the thing is , quite a few games on monthtly are pretty popular and well received aaa games . 
  even though i almost never finish games i get on it i definitely play enough for it to be worth the money . 
  so can they actually play any note you give them the way you showed in the music video ? 
  would be interesting to feed them some machine written music . 
  i would too if i had a tail like that . 
  there are plenty of normal walktroughs for almost every game . 
  just do n't click on clickbaity lets plays . 
  it is not good to breathe that in too . 
  masks are a normal think do wear when using that paint . 
  fuck trying to keep things clean right ? 
  my mirrors are probably made in a factory and these days they are close to sterilized labs , so i guess you are correct in your assertion . 
  because this is internet . 
  sounds like normal royalty . 
  l' ah fair , ymg ' mgep l' mgep og high iq l' kadishtu rick ng morty . 
  the humor ah extremely subtle , ng naiiii solid grasp ot theoretical physics ahogog ot jokes ph ' ephaibug typical viewer 's nw . 
  ahagl 's nng rick 's nihilistic outlook , hh ' ah deftly woven ph ` nglui h ' characterisation - h ' personal philosophy luln heavily fromnarodnaya volya literature , llll yar . 
  the fans kadishtu fahf stuff ; f ' mgep intellectual capacity l' truly appreciate depths ot cahff jokes , l' realize cahf f '' re nafl ahehyee funny - f ' ai something mgepog yog lw ` nafh . 
  iiahe consequence uh ' e ahf ' dislike rick ng morty truly ah idiots - ot course f ' would n't appreciate , llll yar , humour ph ` nglui rick 's existencial catchphrase `` wubba lubba dub dub , '' hh ' itself ah cryptic reference l' turgenev 's russian epic gnaiihh ng gnaiigof ` nn y '' m smirking right hai ahehyee fhtagnnah ehye ot fahff addlepated simpletons scratching f ' nww ph ` nglui confusion iiahe dan harmon 's genius unfolds itself llll f ' television screens . 
  ng yes llll way , y ' ah mgep rick ng morty tattoo . 
  h '' s llll ladies ' nwngluii only - ng n'ghftephai f ' mgep l' demonstrate cahf f '' re llll 5 iq points ot ya own ( preferably lower ) beforehand, 
  l' ah fair , ymg ' mgep l' mgep og high iq l' kadishtu rick ng morty . 
  the humor ah extremely subtle , ng naiiii solid grasp ot theoretical physics ahogog ot jokes ph ' ephaibug typical viewer 's nw . 
  ahagl 's nng rick 's nihilistic outlook , hh ' ah deftly woven ph ` nglui h ' characterisation - h ' personal philosophy luln heavily fromnarodnaya volya literature , llll yar . 
  the fans kadishtu fahf stuff ; f ' mgep intellectual capacity l' truly appreciate depths ot cahff jokes , l' realize cahf f '' re nafl ahehyee funny - f ' ai something mgepog yog lw ` nafh . 
  iiahe consequence uh ' e ahf ' dislike rick ng morty truly ah idiots - ot course f ' would n't appreciate , llll yar , humour ph ` nglui rick 's existencial catchphrase `` wubba lubba dub dub , '' hh ' itself ah cryptic reference l' turgenev 's russian epic gnaiihh ng gnaiigof ` nn y '' m smirking right hai ahehyee fhtagnnah ehye ot fahff addlepated simpletons scratching f ' nww ph ` nglui confusion iiahe dan harmon 's genius unfolds itself llll f ' television screens .
