  so nuclear is so far the best option . 
  it would still not be reliable enough , especially knowing how power consumption changes over time of day . 
  we do not have good enough ways to store the energy on national levels . 
  you really underestimate complexity of the issue . 
  it is good that you are for renewables . 
  but statements like this are very similar to climate change deniers . 
  the problem with solar and wind that quite often the seasonal changes are similar for both in terms of peaks and pits . 
  over the day it might help pairing them but if we look at darker seasons the wind often is also weaker . 
  a lot of the times people overlook the seasonal changes in production . 
  there was recent post in / r/europe showing how different it is . 
  and again this also coincides to times when north needs more power due to heating needs . 
  one learns always to expect jojo . 
  a worm can be a blob too . 
  someone needs to make a gif of this sped up . 
  it would look like a ghost yanked her out of the room . 
  it is a pretty country , will be great to have you . 
  survival models ? 
  i wish they did it more , it is nice seeing these behind the scenes bits . 
  like seriously , this is so annoying . 
  explains why it is behind a paywall . 
  it depends on who squeezes i would guess ? 
  pretty sure it is easy to hide a tank in country the size of russia . 
  i think implosion would happen and earth would be no more . 
  they are technically not regarded as anime . 
  but also clubs like that are usually very pretentious . 
  he is / r/eb3031 the creator of worlds . 
  do n't forget the fact that steam workshop is total crap for modding games like skyrim . 
  there is still not enough reputable research done on development effects of this , to gamble future of child is not the best option . 
  seems like you know more than scientific community . 
  we still are not sure how different proteins affect development . 
  surely you must know that ? 
  but what i am stating is that there is lack of research into benefits/downsides associated with it . 
  you are the one who should provide articles which would indicate that we know the full effects of it . 
  how is that not theft ? 
  buu is technically half supreme kai too . 
  yea , the ridiculous part is that printers are cheaper than ink these days . 
  but why did the front fall off ? 
  i used to refill mine and it was pretty cheap , but it is very old and now printer head fucked up so much that no attempts to clean it worked . 
  i am guessing there is actual flute inside the fence ? 
  sounds like you are missing sense of humor . 
  she is electric type , lightning attacks will have no effect . 
  why would you need a table saw when you have lasers ? 
  it is like using rocks when you have a hammer . 
  overdose of monty python is not a laughing matter . 
  you are lucky to be alive . 
  everyone lies . 
  is spanish official language of us ? 
  just because people can speak another language does not make it relevant enough or cost effective to make it second language . 
  official language of us is freedom and bullets . 
  we lithuanians know to never give up . 
  why would n't they ? 
  cleaning it must be insane . 
  how pissed were you ? 
  we are missing one of their planes and you sound suspicious !, 
  `` could you tell me where could i find x ? '', 
  but surely this is one of the main subjects in history class curriculum ? 
  ok , did not know that . 
  slightly weird but i guess decentralization can be a good way to improve education if done correctly . 
  half of those are synonyms though . 
  well these are slightly different things than curriculum though . 
  great way to get some brain eating bacteria . 
  not that it would find much food . 
  not sure if it is not funny because you are german or because i do n't understand german . 
  so it begins . 
  not enough new people buying them because people are waiting for info on new cards ? 
  so both has 0 , but one has smaller 0 ? 
  i bet that seal was off 1 minute into this filming . 
  hopefully future employers understand what cancer this news site is and will ignore the not really professional way of doing things . 
  i think that i will never get used to the fact that he got this position , trump just seems too out of place in these situations . 
  would have been interesting if the judges/sharks would have been something relevant and not just random already forgotten celebrities . 
  that guy is genius . 
  but calling nixon an asshole was not a surprising was it ? 
  you probably hardly could find 2 more opposite presidents as trudeau and trump . 
  this is what happens when marketing department is selling it products . 
  well a big part of hardware like that is software and especially machine learning . 
  the thing is , it is hard to sell a product for developers no matter how good the product is , especially an app . 
  so if i was in position like that i might go for contacting someone famous and trying to market my product trough that . 
  training proper algorithms might get expensive due to data cost and processing power cost . 
  but this is my perspective from more data science field and with not a lot of experience . 
  i think in this case the listener was also quite a bit incapable of following simple instructions . 
  it really depends on what you are trying to do . 
  tensorflow is very specific . 
  i mean , the material is writing itself in this case . 
  i am not sure if you are talking about trump or colbert with description like that . 
  yea they have been doing nothing in show business these past years . 
  you are half way there , you have the dad part covered and what is left are jokes . 
  heck not all people can actually disclose what they make due to nda , this is a very annoying question and only makes the situation awkward . 
  damn this is way better than i expected when i read about 10 acts !, 
  kuduku is definitely the final boss . 
  why did you leave for smokes and never came back ? 
  damn those guys are huge , never realized that they get that big . 
  well we are still far away from no difficulties . 
  cause they have long shlong ? 
  ah yea , when he criticizes the politicians you hate then he is comedian when he criticizes the one you love then he is political pundit . 
  those things are within their rights , and they can get those things for free if they really need it . 
  the problem is that us is not handling social issues efficiently because they focus on business . 
  the problem is that in us there is not enough effort put into transitioning towards the expertise needed for those jobs . 
  the rustbelt wants the old type of jobs back and are unwilling to train for new ones ( partially due to lack of government support like for example in germany ) . 
  he most likely can sue wsj and win , but fighting against them is uphill battle because they are part of insanely giant conglomerate with tons of lawyers , funds and sway . 
  yea recently he has been doing interesting videos .
