  cisco is superman ? 
  i only think that it must be for blind person or with other handicap , but in reality its more likely for a lazy person . 
  no one is too old to jump on the bed !, 
  anyone still playing , is it worth coming back ? 
  i hope this puts the whole `` were there cia prison here '' discussion behind us now here in lithuania , because there are more relevant things to talk about . 
  but can this be considered as a proof that there was a prison ? 
  we are all here on reddit , no one will know if its bad because everyone checked . 
  yea thats a professional bed jumping move called nutcracker . 
  do it , and do n't forget to film the inside of elevator . 
  do you remember when detective west put your father to prison ? 
  that was me , barry !, 
  i want to inherit our fortune grandpa . . 
  no . . that 's star trek . . 
  born and raised in eastern europe , also no idea . 
  the problem is that that creates certain statistical bias , people then judge not what they think is happening but what other people will think . 
  yes because the massive increase in bans will not require bigger workforce to review those demos which sent a complain . 
  max 9 months , most definitely less , it does not sound like forever . 
  only weird if you have sudden urge to break your arms ... ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ leave ^ ^ ^ now, 
  something something , peanut butter and dog . 
  how can eyes be real if fps are not real ? 
  its not even a good measure in current economic discussions , most of the time its only journalist who drop it around . 
  its an outdated statistic , especially when used to compare . 
  this is either greatest thing on reddit or stupidest , i 'm just not sure . 
  is that robinson ? 
  kilts all the way !, 
  poor ollie , you will be missed for few episodes . 
  refugees , not criminals . . 
  like i am not really following the game since i do n't use consoles , but game seemed half decent ( sure issues like in most new mmos are present ) , but fucking locking content which is currently available after dlc got released ? 
  what the actual fuck . . 
  yea , was hard to watch . 
  it 's just a prank !, 
  that 's how you call your wife ? 
  flashbacks to ice skate scene . . 
  sociopaths sometimes give out gold too . 
  he clearly never went to one , so he does n't . 
  they are 2 different levels of education in lots of places , weird . 
  ok , that sounds a bit better . 
  ptsd , simon will awaken his past military experience . 
  damn simon slow-mo shots looked creepy . 
  i bet you fall for it every time it gets reposted . 
  boobs per minute seems to be pretty high in this trailer , i guess it will get a lot of views at beginning . 
  damn thats a good deal , already got 2 of them so will wait for origins later . 
  i was a kid when i saw that in cinema . . 
  i fucking missed it ... 
  `` me shoulder '' got me . 
  it might not be since they sang a lot of popular songs , youtube might auto delete it . 
  also the more interviews you go to , the better you get at them . 
  yea , this happens quite often . 
  you are hero . 
  though i liked the snowman one better . 
  charges ops moms vibrator . 
  damn i actually laughed out loud in a middle of night . . 
  thanks , would like to play new far cry . 
  k , because my name starts with it . 
  that 's what happens when you put it into your pockets . . 
  oh god . . 
  this was . . um . . special . 
  but the reason most people die from hunger is not because of us wasting the food . 
  that 's not really how economy works , but that 's fine , you want to be idealistical , so be it . 
  it was me barry !, 
  just weasley family things . 
  well ... you tried . 
  laz pit confirmed . 
  oh god trott why ... 
  i need eye bleach , need sjin elsa picture . 
  sadly does n't work in most countries . 
  this is it guys , all years of yogscast finally produced something best . 
  nothing will top this . 
  do n't forget its all planed by kid bruce wayne . 
  oh god ... what have you done . . 
  imagine all the sjw bullshit if this show would be just airing in these times . 
  i am star-lorde ya ya ya, 
  more like trust fail . . 
  300 euros in lithuania , you rich bastards . 
  well dongs tend to always rise in the morning . 
  i guess someone is building his underground torture complex ? 
  thanks op . 
  this is something i would need very much since i 'm getting iphone5 very soon ( dont bash me , i 'm getting it for a very good price ( used but with new battery ) from family friends ) . 
  she probably was still more mature than some people i constantly meet in csgo . 
  well on eu servers only time mcdonalds is mentioned when russians want to bash on english speakers . 
  towns have gay areas ? 
  its impressive that they somehow found word spear so bad for them that they had to ban it . 
  so since we should treat women equally , is it now finally ok to call women idiots ? 
  i ca n't afford the game yet , so you are not the only one . 
  nice lorde tattoo !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's racist . 
  because this meme represents general viewpoint and not just extremes . . 
  never had that happen , you must be an asshole . 
  as if i already did n't want to eat , thanks op for pushing my hunger to the limits . . 
  so that 's the reason why people are asking for bigger screens !, 
  damn , zoro works for drug cartel now . . 
  well it a bit sounds too good to be true . 
  amount of people not understanding basics in nova is still pretty high . 
  poor ginger . . 
  now if only i had controller to play mine . 
  tried with keyboard and mouse but even with tweaks it felt a bit clunky . 
  it is playable , but not enjoyable . 
  speed force is the only possible explanation for spoilers !!!, 
  a giant mech no one knew about . 
  that 's the flying poet guy ?
