  yea but in talos you actually end up with a good ending [ spoiler ] ( #s `` you escape the simulation in a new robotic body as a legacy and a new beginning of civilization ? '' ), 
  i do n't know , jimmy car beats that when you add his laugh . 
  i was a bit too lazy for that . 
  somewhat makes me glad i did not buy the expansion . 
  i really wanted to enjoy some new gw2 but it seemed fishy . 
  we will have to deal with her for 30 years ? 
  i would nerd out over meeting him . 
  art defies any definition . 
  not the worst way to spend the time . 
  not only that but it might be more expensive ( to people in control ) to find the ones incompatible than suffer the consequences of them existing . 
  what about the tv ? 
  i do n't get it . . am i missing something very obvious ? 
  his ties with other oligarchs ? 
  i like to imagine putin being an actual redditor . 
  he would fit in well in quite a few subs . 
  res can get a bit annoying when it randomly deleted all my shortcuts from top bar . 
  turps , this was a piss poor performance !, 
  porn projected directly on penis . 
  we also have healthcare which would take care of that jugular . 
  considering that a lot of accounts are shared . . 
  i do n't know how valuable this data is . 
  annoying man vs human flashbang, 
  depends , if you are willing to sacrifice a lot of time for our great machine gods then yes , it definitely worth 50hours spent in 2 weeks . 
  capybaras are pretty weird . 
  i would want it if it would run the voice recognition completely offline . 
  lion playing with his pet human . 
  with total control over people that becomes trivial . 
  i remember saying something close to this on post about turkey and then i got death threats by his supporter . 
  same thing happened when i was talking about assad . 
  seems like some people are just the same . 
  at first i thought it will be cleverly disguised rant . 
  people who have certain views usually want to live close to other people who have those views . 
  then the new generations who grow up slowly acquire the surrounding political view ( school will have bias towards that view , all discussions will have bias ) and the `` outsiders '' slowly dilute and dissapear . 
  that 's a fantastic build . 
  i kinda wish you could customize the survival mode for your liking . 
  like make an custom difficulty where you could check or uncheck any of these inclusions . 
  ca n't argue with that well formulated argument . 
  this is what happens when you have only 1 proper place to go snowboard . 
  same in my city , but good thing they decided to make the prices insane so now i do n't have any incentive to go . 
  not to mention that he can gradually increase his strength . 
  early game i think perception might benefit him more . 
  there needs to be a mod for that . 
  more like 3 . 
  yea , need to write this one down for the future . 
  why do n't i have super vision after all that radiation ? 
  checkmate science !, 
  it is pretty much the same subreddit . 
  so , did crazy elf sex happen ? 
  in space , no one can hear chimps scream . 
  because the match was intense . 
  maybe he means matrix ? 
  hmm , something feels off . 
  well i am panvegan , i only eat animal products if they were cooked on a pan . 
  careful , he will demand you to delete this !, 
  i think pint cans are more european than just irish . 
  its uk who wants to leave europe , not ireland . 
  that 's how we get hulk . 
  you obviously disposed it directly at the local super mutant camp ? 
  clinical depression hits pretty hard . 
  nah silly , it 's not monday . 
  is that out of hundred ? 
  chernobyl was way way different situation . 
  that does not count pretty much always . 
  phew , this video got me sad for a moment . 
  that 's just normal thing for any royalty . 
  love this , the song by itself is so catchy and it is mocking someone evil . 
  pretty much anyone who i met , liberal or not , hates him . 
  there is no quality of him which would be admirable . 
  yea , pixels was a scientific documentary . 
  well fuck , now i will need to change everything about my life . 
  hopefully it will be another visual spectacle , i did enjoy watching it , even if the plot was not that great . 
  tesla does not have that type of plug . 
  they really do . 
  yep i definitely took selfies in random kitchens i could not afford on my trip to rome . 
  imagine the explosive malfunction and the rotor blades remain while you are ejected . 
  you just did not understand the science behind it . 
  because they like to be warm and cosy when they sleep . 
  with all the synths around you ca n't be too careful . 
  this is why i love reddit !, 
  weird that barely anyone took the veggies . 
  boredom, 
  and while they are doing it , quickly attack the weakly guarded cities . 
  thats why he used hydrogen peroxide . 
  that 's how blood clots usually look . 
  he had snow as numbing agent though !, 
  when someone says not to image search something i tend to listen now , learned my lesson a while ago . 
  so that 's what `` mamma mia '' was about !, 
  i weld my own cpus , they do n't have mother modem for this exact problem . 
  garfield just waiting until he could order lasagna . 
  how do you solder a cpu if it does n't go to war ? 
  no they did not . . 
  imagine manufacturing those , also getting shelf space . . 
  well at that point you will just have the dumbbells which you fill with water which already exists and is widely used . 
  the problem here is affording the `` controller '' which would be built with quality ,, 
  no he shits only in one can . 
  so like a decent used car . 
  is n't that how all vines work ? 
  i am pretty sure people like him are a bigger problem . 
  it will be called `` screw bbc '' . 
  strange is a fucking super mage , facelift spell should be viable .
