  well i have noticed that often if the cover game is good then the bundle will also tend to have very decent games . 
  almost all of the games are something i would play and i only bought it mostly for xcom2 . 
  damn this is surprise . 
  yeah , us normies only need couple of picoseconds . 
  jack sparrow parking . 
  ca n't they surround the places where those whores are being held and not allow them to leave until supreme court finishes their thing ? 
  closing in on 3k . 
  will be mirage 24/7 anyway . 
  i would not call the genre by itself lame . 
  but it is far too overcrowded , pretty much all of the early access games are beginning to be `` survival '' games . 
  ca n't blame him , puppies are evil . 
  just like trump ? 
  is n't it a bit like having an 18wheeler ? 
  step one : delete all islands . 
  damn that would have been even more hilarious . 
  i bet it will happen eventually . 
  good thing about this nuke , they have less cubes now . 
  they did not lose much . 
  these rebels are a very small minority of people . 
  so they do not represent ukraine . 
  the numbers are way different . 
  when you have brown lambo number plate is redundant . 
  never expected brown to look this good on a car . 
  i guess expensive paintjob is as important as color choice . 
  they ca n't win if they will not take mr.satan . 
  i was just kidding , i know about that . 
  you might now be on a list . 
  it will be just a mirror . 
  why mod names sometimes are green and sometimes not ? 
  ah so it is like higher level of lurking . 
  nah it is like gods coming down from olympus to fuck a goose and stuff . 
  well they have a lot of issues with turkey . 
  i guess he saves quite a bit of money . 
  i am surprised that duncan is still not locked up in a mental asylum after playing with sjin and lewis . 
  for me it is a rollercoaster with high points being anxiety and drops being depression . 
  fuck this shit . 
  that is because they are not french . 
  well a redditor won last one and there were some talks about it . 
  so they are having more than just yondu as new members !, 
  that 's what made them good . 
  no one expects schindler 's list when going to see them . 
  do n't they need sound makers on them ? 
  there used to be a lot of push for the law requiring them since it is harder for people to spot them and could increase accident rate , especially when blind people are involved . 
  the weight difference might not be as severe since the motors for semi are heavy as fuck . 
  now that price dropped and 8gb ones are actually 250 euros and not close to 300 i am thinking of upgrading , though those new gpu 's might be worth a wait , not sure if they will be in my price range . 
  i guess there was some testing done one this if there are plans for a law ? 
  i expected a pirate adventure movie and that is what i got ( well last one was not as good , but still fun ) . 
  i would be so pissed about my ruined clothes too after all this . 
  hopefully i would be wearing brown pants . 
  well really depends on what the capturers fetish is . 
  ah so just regular serial killers then . 
  i hope south park will make a bit about gaga summoning satan now . 
  if hillary is demon then what the hell trump is ? 
  abaddon ? 
  i thought she was grocery shopping ? 
  i thought right wing loves steaks and heart diseases ? 
  it is not critearia it is expectation . 
  and i got what i paid for . 
  well he is half way there . 
  well a fall like this without expecting could probably cause some damage ? 
  and they follow it up with damn warhammer !, 
  what micro management ? 
  i bought this one just for xcom and got 3 more games which i was actually interested in . 
  do n't think it will happen again but hell , it is warhammer . 
  i did not find most of these things a big deal if you plan your tower at least a bit . 
  the biggest problem with the game is the eviction penalty and no proper way of dealing with it . 
  but it is very easy to do that . 
  and my grid usually is not just plopping it up everywhere ( heck the cost to do that usually is just to big if you are going tough on budget ) . 
  i think you only need electric wires for everything . 
  water is very situational . 
  1-2 minutes ?? 
  you just click and drag . 
  couple of seconds at max . 
  did you say mice ? 
  is that actually vin diesel in the suit ? 
  looks like something you would see in hunger games . 
  yea but nobody cares about buzzfeed . 
  i wish i had a sibling , so that he could sacrifice himself for me when i need it . 
  well he is not too wrong . 
  he does represent a lot of people of us . 
  but overall this is a very ignorant statement . 
  which is probably natural when you hold title of supreme leader . 
  she used `` mate '' in most of her sentences , does that officially make her australian ? 
  there is a reason why they do have automatic breaks if wind is too high . 
  do n't forget that guy who rushed under his car . 
  blade would probably go trough the car and him though . 
  those damn english and their spelling . 
  you ca n't have debugging session without fighting some dogs . 
  seems like just as in other marvel netflix series this one will have a very good soundtrack . 
  as if the idea was original to arrow . 
  you are probably right , but in that situation i would probably forget about small parts and worry about giant shuriken . 
  i think is a lot of column b and a. 
  what do you mean `` trying '' ? 
  why did you leave for smokes and never came back !, 
  you have some trouble reading . 
  he did not say he does not care about them , he also did not attack you . 
  so he is actually just ragnar in real life , who stopped by from valhalla to see what 's up and they offered him to act as himself in a tv series . 
  you pronounce it california . 
  not since dynamite was invented . 
  well fossil fuel is causing way more deaths , and we will need other sources of power than just renewables .
