  coffee at my uni ( from those vending machines ) is 70 euro cents for the most expensive one . 
  at this point i think it will be barry . 
  jar jar, 
  well the usa prices are usually pre-vat ? 
  yeah , i love voice acting of that tutorial robot which explains stuff while you play . 
  almost 0.1 % of population , damn . 
  someone should mod a slider in . 
  thank for the chance mate !, 
  maybe he needs to buy her a dina . 
  they seem to be having a lot of sales so they are doing everything correct as a business . 
  because it is a genre which is hard to play on console ? 
  lucky for me i never intended to go for slaves in my first playtrough , by the time i will manage to beat the game it will be fixed . 
  hopefully my rapid expanding warmongering empire will not die too soon . 
  they said they will fix it , just not at launch , and in the mean time they suggested modding as a quick fix . 
  they will go for a balanced fix which takes time to test out . 
  it will be quite different from the games you mentioned , but they seem to be pacing the start and learning curve in this game quite well so you should be able to enjoy it . 
  also the games will probably take longer than the ones you mentioned ( depending on how long it takes for you to take a civ turn obviously ) . 
  they mostly cover a bit of early game and a bit of beginning of mid game . 
  had a full drawer of pogs which i won from other kids . 
  the problem with this series is the pacing , they are moving so slow and i doubt we will be even getting to midgame this year . 
  i think my most prized slammer was mortal combat hologram one . 
  make it 20:00 cest , have late lectures which i ca n't miss . 
  wow , did not expect it to have that much subscribers . 
  steampunk spaceships . 
  the game does not have very high requirements so you might be able to run it . 
  calm down oedipus . 
  why would someone downvote you ? 
  do n't remember exactly , i had several hologram ones . 
  i gave everything away several years ago so my memories are fuzzy on details . 
  finding/looking for ai is the big part of what makes stellaris fun . . 
  do you have to tie this cat to the ground so that he would not float away ? 
  that 's how i want to die , flipping off the world . 
  siberia pretty much has same climate as middle east/africa . 
  yeah , now i ca n't enjoy it as much because i know that slave leia will make me feel funny . 
  the cat is the mastermind behind hpc . 
  pretty relevant username . 
  the smaller target audience the better support . 
  have noticed this trend in gaming . 
  anyone want to present a review of scientific paper for me so that i could play on launch ? 
  i got it 6 hours after purchase , so do n't worry , i think it will be fine . 
  it 's on asymptotic properties of mark variograms , ca n't link while on phone . 
  i 'm going to expand rapidly and war with everyone . 
  just need to decide on race . 
  others are complaining too , just complains are not big enough for low score . 
  is it delicious though ? 
  now i am sitting here imagining wars which are fought by melee airplane battles . 
  i have found couple of systems with several small planets in them , is there a downside to colonizing them all ? 
  i 'm playing as fanatic militarist and all of my neighbors are pretty peaceful . 
  this is going to be cruel . 
  decided that i will keep one as a trophy in alliance and wipe others out . 
  had a bit tough start since i am boxed in near the boarder of map . 
  is n't there also a research which adds 1 more option ? 
  i obviously would add them to a sector since i am already at the limit . 
  was just wondering on the downsides of having a lot of small planets in sectors . 
  are you single ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they are under your protectorate . 
  infiltration results in them joining you . 
  pretty sure you can build mining stations on colonized worlds . 
  seems like kung fu panda got a bit lazy on the training . 
  real life mad inventor . 
  yeah , would be cool if they showed how boarders would look after removing it . 
  i almost caused one while infiltrating primitives . 
  after scoring the red one , you have to score one of the colored ones , and the black one has the biggest value . 
  it would also be reset , just its starting position is different than black . 
  they basically act like children . 
  somehow i do n't really feel any hype or excitement for a firaxis game at launch anymore . 
  hopefully they will do something about pacing , they will never complete the game at this rate , hard to tell if they will even get to midgame . 
  well arguably newton was/is the smartest of the 3 . 
  yeah , just google the instructions . 
  so roughly doubling every 3.85 years . 
  and volume reduced by half about every 2.55 years . 
  for me they spawned at the center of the universe , i am guessing it is a bug . 
  probably combined pictures from several different spectrum cameras . 
  damn , my fanatic militarists are on their 4rth emperor and i 'm just 120 years in . 
  my giant space bugs do n't live long . 
  luckly it that means i can build the supership more often . 
  people meh , but cargo might be huge thing depending on scale . 
  with that he could have secured a petty easy life for himself for 60 + years . 
  tbh the super ships are pretty crap early game , but having a super battleship might be nice . 
  i barely know him so he is just a guy , i only saw his bumper to bumper warranty video . 
  not sure about immigrants , but if the wall is going to be built then he will burry under it . 
  i have starcharts of them by trading with other races , i wonder if that should count . 
  time to win some games and chew bubble gum . 
  and i 'm all out of gum . 
  she still has to carry it , so if she does not want it then she has all the rights to say no regardless of what he will want . 
  it is a bit complicated in reverse because if a man says no but the woman wants to carry it then she should have the right to do it , but the man should not be responsible of taking care of the child in any way and should not be forced to contribute any money/time to him . 
  that face says `` i regret nothing '' . 
  it still has serious health risks even in very good conditions , she should have a choice to avoid them . 
  harder difficulties make alliances pretty much impossible and that makes diplomacy pointless . 
  cite your sources . 
  so no actual risks , but possible correlation . 
  as a statistician when i see this i usually assume that they got confidence intervals covering 0 , which means that there is no statistically significant evidence to say that the impact is not 0 . 
  there was a topic on this subreddit about it , you can just search for more detailed analysis . 
  you are mixing up statistics with journalism . 
  statistics are not lies , it is just pure math and everything works well asymptotically if it is done properly . 
  but journalists is who misinterpret/do not understand the results . 
  statistics is a wide field , you can apply it to a lot of different branches and actuary is one of them . 
  as a statistician i can tell that there is risk for having child , but i can not tell if there are risks of having an abortion because we do not have evidence saying that there is . 
  there are 2 possible outcomes if my assumption about confidence intervals are correct . 
  1 ) the confidence intervals are very large and the model is very very bad , so it cover 0 , + -10 and etc ( number 10 is arbitrary , i cant tell what actually was estimated so cant tell the scale , lets say its 10 times increase in risk ) .
