  it 's not like they will read what we say on here . 
  he told that himself . . 
  still , you need to escape the tsunami and then drive it off the cliff . 
  not a lie , just some scientists experimenting on you . 
  that 's one of the more pg ones . 
  finale of burn notice . 
  these pesky human immigrants !, 
  yea , one of my favorite cartoons . 
  well he got hit in the arm so there is still hope . 
  and the shoes were on . 
  first tanks , now submarines . 
  they are trying to modernize their military quite fast . 
  speed-force !, 
  wait . . 
  french must have built it . 
  that door probably weights a ton , not sure why it went down , something snapped ? 
  or radiation poisoning ? 
  got ta love the usual `` content from bbc worldwide was blocked in your country '' , i guess i live in a different world . 
  well i have a month to write a thesis . . 
  glass might also be heavier than that gate , not sure though what metal it 's made of . 
  i guess i will save my money for witcher 3 and batman : ak . 
  also does anyone know if i need to finish arkham origins before playing arkham knight , i only got asylum and city . 
  its weird that there is no safety mechanism in case this happens . 
  incoming chemtrails conspiracy theorists !, 
  well i do eat pizza regularly every week ( it 's one of the tastiest things i can actually cook ) , and i am not fat , nor do i exercise a lot . 
  though i do n't drink soft drinks often ( only once a months or so , as a desert ) , i enjoy drinking water . 
  well i guess its better to die from falling than burning alive . 
  not to mention an action movie with explosions and loud noises . . 
  this sounds like a stressful experience for the baby . 
  free drinks !, 
  though it 's probably not legal to take some of those drinks home . 
  it went down on the guys spine fast because it was heavy , light door would not collapse the guy instantly . 
  `` oh , you challenge me to jump through that little hole ? '', 
  as if you would not be able to say the same about uk if they left eu . . 
  `` where the hell do i start ?! '', 
  sounds like a party !, 
  also schlongs of gta will be the best mod obviously . 
  well there are tons of russians who visit lithuania , so they probably had a good reason to detain this particular individual . 
  damn they put that giant thing inside your leg !, 
  how the hell does leg not break again when removing it . . 
  i do n't think that writing a paper about something like this is easy . 
  honestly the base game was very weak , before all the updates started coming in . 
  but yea , i think it was not early access . 
  the bugs are n't as bad as they sound , they are kinda part of the game , dev 's seem to build content around quite a few `` bugs '' , which makes them not really bugs anymore . 
  why does it have to always come down to white-washing ? 
  its a different universe from comics , they can give qualities of wong to someone else . 
  he can always be inhuman in this universe . 
  who cares , they look kinda nice . 
  seems like it 's not the first time paul crossed the yellow line . 
  oh i thought they were mutants from beginning !, 
  cool to know . 
  they look like aliens !, 
  i thought you have to give them a full chicken and look at it being turned into skeleton !, 
  praise the apple watch !, 
  gives his parents a kitchen , and parents can then support his bills for a bit in return ? 
  those bitches deserved that , who the hell attacks a person 5v1 in a public place . . 
  growing up . 
  you forgot minecraft ? 
  damn , so something interesting did happen on my birthday day . 
  i really hope she becomes a villain . 
  damn , ca n't wait for summer when i 'll have time to finish witcher 2 and finally play witcher 3 !, 
  nah , he sees a salad to be tossed !, 
  i really need to start using nsfw filter while browsing / top . . 
  yea it took me like 10 + losses to derank from mg2 to mg ( had a lot of issues which affected my gameplay , so i deserved that earlier ) . 
  because it is full of hot air . 
  you too , hopefully it 's a bit better day for you than for me !, 
  it 's that pesky janitor who keeps letting everyone in !, 
  ea game probably . 
  all those dlc 's , games being crappy and unfinished at the launch and etc. . 
  it 's a leg , but residual 12 year old mind makes you see penis . 
  ca n't redbull just send someone to jump out of balloon and deliver it ? 
  it all depends on who it is for , if you are building a new house then you can build around idea of having heavy batteries , if you need to incorporate batteries into existing infrastructure , then the weight means a lot . 
  i think that this might be one of those things which everyone did at least once in a heat of the game . 
  damn , those black ones look cool . 
  i think that guy did that on purpose . 
  meh , still was funny !, 
  so who cares if its real or not , it already provided the entertainment . 
  sjws are just always full of hate , and they like to blow things out of proportion . 
  damn , so that 's where dumbledore hides under witness protection !, 
  the rock is an enemy you should not underestimate !, 
  harry potter reaction gifs need to be more popular , so many good ones out there . 
  reddit owes me more than a million for the time . 
  here i was thinking that once i finish my thesis it will be no-life dishonored and witcher 2 time , and now i realized that i actually want to play original doom and wolfenstein . 
  it 's really hard to understand your sentence when you forget to use punctuation . 
  and people were offended by `` gamers are dead '' for a lot of reasons which were more solid than the issues sjw represent . . 
  well , i guess we can agree to disagree . . 
  just wait for sea levels to rise , netherlands will be new atlantis . 
  which part of awakening is not op ? 
  he turned fucking buildings into strings . . 
  yea it was way nicer in the book . 
  damn was that car made out of vibranium ? 
  did you tell him what you want , what you really really want ? 
  why are you feeding human hands to it ? 
  just pretend it 's on purpose . 
  injuries are smaller than i expected , protective gear must work great !, 
  hey , you might become a trend setter !, 
  ( please do n't make this a trend . . ), 
  sandal obviously with sock ? 
  will we have middle aged assassin with a cane and monocle ? 
  he still killed thousands of people , including his son .
