  that is the case with a lot of types of data ( if not all ) . 
  source - statistician/data scientist . 
  can you be more specific . 
  i mean , almost all proper data sources has it , heck you can do that on reddit . 
  screw them . 
  i like my coffee as i like my women - satan . 
  over syria ? 
  not going to happen . 
  ( but i guess famous last words usually are about lack of foresight ), 
  sad that robot bug not fixed in this . 
  just my luck to try a robot focused playtrough . 
  the top one in bug post :, 
  and wonders why calculus did not have any use in his field . . 
  calculus should not be phased out , it should be taught properly , it develops important perceptive on problems . 
  and teaching statistics without calculus would be also not a good thing . 
  source - masters in statistics . 
  honestly , that sounds pretty good price for something like that . 
  well yea , i would imagine turbines are one of the expensive parts . 
  it is not something simple as usual rc motors . 
  might be so , but i am not someone who could afford it ( wages in my country are slightly low ) . 
  sometimes english is hard that way . 
  supremacy makes sense for fanatic pacifist , if you see someone warring , you start a war against attacker and take him under your wing to spread peace . 
  maybe they would export more of it if they stopped messing with it ? 
  i never know what to write on them . . 
  what 's the challenge here ? 
  making instrumental covers like people have been doing all along ? 
  i wonder how small can these jet powered models go . 
  you are bombing syria because they used chemical weapons . 
  if you would just bomb them because they are bombing , then that would have happened years ago . 
  looks pretty nice , as long as no one looks closer to some parts of it . 
  so publicity stunt by marketing agents . 
  social bubble bias . 
  yea , who would want to work in a place like that ? 
  google probably have things which does that and have made it before patent was up , would that make patent invalid ? 
  it definitely is a big problem of information control . 
  though it is probably battle with windmills since there are so many platforms to express your opinion and reach big numbers of people . 
  heck i bet even in countries where governments are full blown censoring all opposition they manage to rally support . 
  i do n't remember any time in history where censorship lasted for long time . 
  i ca n't imagine someone in their data science division not toying with project like that . 
  but we also have little idea on what the patent is for . 
  it is fast moving commodity with a lot of substitutes , bad publicity is bad publicity for it . 
  for example when they burned mj severely and probably lead to a lot of problems in his life ? 
  i sometimes write shit like that as a joke just to mess with people . 
  so i am giving him a benefit of a doubt . 
  how can someone stand more than 1min of this show without having aneurysm ? 
  you have to start somewhere . 
  it is kinda crazy how ( objectively ) stupid people can come in control of business like that and be responsible for so many jobs . 
  what a disgusting person . . 
  might have a lot of false positives at first , hopefully they will beef up their customer support . 
  but then again this statement is vague and my personal experience with machine learning might not apply to this case . 
  some people do not understand the premise this creates . 
  keep in mind those are not really easter dishes . 
  heck this might lead to higher chance those homeless people will be able to get an opportunity to apply for a job and in that way reduce the cost for the state when dealing with them and also generate taxes . 
  i bet if done properly ( maybe add showers in the same place ) it can be cost negative . 
  what about sticking your dick in it ? 
  they try to keep it as tame as possible , but usually these `` ultras '' are viewed negatively by most people because it gets out of hand too often . 
  but for cops and everyone else it is probably best that they get rowdy during the game and calm down at least a bit before entering streets . 
  some older members will often try to get people act slightly less provocative so that they would not attract too much cop attention . 
  not to mention usually ultras are confined to certain seating sectors and most people get to sit in a calm and normal surroundings . 
  that statement was so arrogant and stupid that it almost ruined his pr act . 
  8 million which already cost them more than 1 billion . 
  after 5 years they will take your apartment from you . 
  well it is obviously better to have experts of violating human rights doing the investigation . 
  nah , in nk the concept of human right does not even exist . 
  i propose wwe . 
  yea , i wonder how would i have turned out if i had teachers like that . 
  still is a fun show . 
  also what would be the point of putting yourself in danger when you can show most of it without needing to do so ( though not everything he shows is a good idea to do ) ? 
  is there a way to adjust that ? 
  pre-ftl empires are a very big part of the fun . 
  even on normal it felt that they are a bit more expansive now . 
  a big part of fun for me was seeing them spawn up into new empires . 
  i wish they would add a slider so you could change the number of them . 
  my shitposts were not shitty enough i guess . 
  animals eat animals , that is how life works . . 
  humans are still more ethical than nature in most cases when it comes to consuming meat . 
  consuming animal products is definitely necessary for survival , it is an insurance policy in food diversity . 
  also in farming industry every bit of animal is used up , you underestimate how many things need animal byproducts . 
  pretty sure half of stuff you use will have in one way or another resulted from animals death . 
  did you really ? 
  how the fuck is that legal , wtf us ? 
  reading his replies this might actually not be too far off . 
  simplifying something as toxic as job hunt is good . 
  it is extremely good for economy . 
  just normal monday comments . 
  i personally still ca n't decide , i have 1440p 144hz monitor so not entirely sure if it will be good enough to run a lot of games on 60 + fps . 
  but that is when you have to be at your neighbors house fucking his wife !, 
  there are plenty of reasons for having your pc on for a prolonged period . . just because you do n't need it running does not mean others who do are idiots . 
  how the fuck are their videos monetized when bunch of normal youtubers get adds pulled . 
  that is dumbest shit i have read in a while . . 
  well easy to follow the plan when the plan is to fuck ship up and cause chaos . 
  you should start pranking it . 
  * this is not united, 
  they already stopped allowing certain sized electronics inside because `` there might be bomb in them '' , so not too hard to downgrade the size . 
  what 's wrong with this ? 
  you mean flip phones ? 
  just like in many of the action movies . 
  also not all people can hear . 
  so what you are saying is that global intelligence is a clusterfuck ? 
  who hurt you ?
