  i actually liked it too , but then again , i saw it old time ago when i was still a kid , those days movie criticism aspect of mine was n't developed and all what pattered was its an daredevil movie . 
  my frogs sometimes do that when they eat rocks accidentally ( at least that 's what i think ) . 
  was scary when i didi n't know what that meant . 
  the problem is that nobody likes us hylotl , only some of the races `` tolarate '' us . 
  do n't forget unicorn farts . 
  i dont really dig much , i usually just travel across the galaxy , occasionally get some fuel if surface does n't provide enough , and you can get most of needed ores by doing this . 
  but the best method of mining is getting the right biomes ( snow is easy to mine , deserts has lots of sands which provides the best method of getting the ores fast ), 
  pacifism is n't that much deviation from asian theme if we go more towards the monk side and in general its not that much about killing for honor for them . 
  we will need putting on glasses tech . 
  god . . are humans adapting floran speech now ? 
  because they were oppressed they did need to learn how to defend themselves , a lot of philosophy behind martial arts is pacifistic . 
  true , but early i do n't really mind dying from time to time so i just go on fast spelunker trip until i get enough iron/copper ( usually enough silver/gold for pick along the way ) and after that i do my exploration method . 
  look at the first post on the website . . 
  lategame you dont die that much if you got a normal gear for it . . 
  well it was already posted few times . 
  lol theres no problem , not all the people lurks reddit a lot . 
  i guess as soon as its ready ... no news yet, 
  sorry , dont have any dollars in my wallet . 
  ugh i always find hard to decipher the shortenings of the logic names , never studied it in english so a bit confusing . 
  i could join if we start at friday . . ( also we could add few mods ), 
  damn plant-fiber , get out of our oceans !, 
  oh you guys from us , timing probably wo n't work out as im from europe . 
  yea we need to invent nukes . 
  they are racist ofc ... 
  they pushed us out of our homeworld because of that . 
  they want to stab us , that doesnt help with allergies usually . 
  thats what i did with terraria , pirated it and after i saw that i like it i bought it , starbound though i bought early . 
  ok that might work then , i will have time to study for finals/play civ5 during day . 
  these days common sense is rare commodity which actually applies for fame . 
  heh , probably . 
  well on games case thats true , but when it comes to movies/tv series there is also an issue of accessibility , thats why netflix reduces pirating quite nicely . 
  yea but playing with random people on matchmaking is pointless , too many leavers . 
  how many times i have the same urge playing online games like lol or cs go ... 
  well its a great place to shut the mind of and relax after hard day of uni . 
  anything what doesnt require much of brain power helps . 
  yea that happens when i dont turn of my mind and try to give a fuck about whats happening . 
  didint save the article but probably google or searching in reddit would help . 
  game is going to be drm-free as far as i know , so such license checking would be opposite of that . 
  there is no real way to stop people from pirating except making the game good enough place for people to want to throw money at it.and as you seen from the top post , they arent against piracy as long as you pay for the game after you tried the pirated version . 
  yep , a normal pirated version was up the same time the fake one was . 
  are you both fat and ginger ? 
  oh , i expected it to return later , cant wait now . 
  strange people gets access to internet these days, 
  depends on which terminator movie it is . 
  yea i was also like ... how do you throw up from laughing ? 
  that extrasensoric pie knowledge . 
  we found a new talent guys !, 
  100 duck sized elephants ? 
  count me in !, 
  especially when population is stabilizing and is slowing down , though development in africa and other places where the mean age expectancy is low , might skew everything . 
  as someone who likes to laugh a lot and even laugh if joke was n't particularly funny , i agree . 
  sometimes people remind us that there are someone good on the internet , and then you check another posts comments and that thought gets crushed by shear volume of other kind of folks . 
  im up for it . 
  funny what you did there for americans :d, 
  579 , would like crusader kings 2 ( its even on sale now ), 
  would like crusader kings ii from sale at the moment . 
  about the skyrim :, 
  tl : dr do not try to interact with giants , they only seem friendly farmers . 
  sanctum : collection , thanks . 
  oh thats why sometimes her acting seemed iffy . 
  ok i want skyrim legendary edition ( got the basic version and want the dlc ), 
  so this is our christmas eve tradition when i was a kid :, 
  on the christmas eve there usually would be my family , uncles family and grandparents ( we celebrate it at their `` farm '' ) . firs we would all prepare food ( 12 + different things as it should be ) and sit down eat / do the traditional eve stuff ( some magic spells to predict how our next year will go and things ) . 
  then there would be a call on the door and everyone says i should go check whos there , and when i open a door there is a big bag of presents . 
  so then i would drag all them back to the main room and start taking things out and giving to whomever it was for . 
  so that 's basically how my christmas eve would go when i was a kid . 
  i 'm bad at story telling and my grammar is n't very good but i shared how i could . 
  i would like scribblenauts unlimited , thanks . 
  im confused , what door are we talking about ? 
  yea but they screw up the ending of first season . 
  would like scribblenauts unlimited , thanks . 
  what i want most on steam now is skyrim legendary edition ( for the dlc as it goes cheaper this way i think ) but i cant afford buying it and somehow there still is no upgrade to legendary edition . 
  well honestly , a single mom i dont think would look for a person who doesnt have a stable job . 
  well played my friend , well played . 
  when you have a kid i think the priority is his life not love . 
  oh thats a great place for this gif , i guess its just a trend i missed ? 
  i would enjoy this game , thanks . 
  as a math student at uni i can confirm that . 
  mundo goes where he pleases . 
  get out , people on reddit does n't know logic !, 
  especially when its written in connective symbols . 
  i will sing that , but i only have frogs and they are underwater ones : /, 
  and a some nice fur . 
  dont forget heart for satanistic rituals . 
  he is a weird person , weird weird person . 
  i guess he just doesnt like you ? 
  what a weird gif , is there any info if that guy is ok ? 
  meh not going to click that after doritos . 
  free anatomy lesson . 
  im curious what rule did he break ? 
  neither website or video was posted , it was just a post to notify about milestone of gaming community . 
  not sure , i think it was just mentioned that athene reached 10mil donations on his charity site, 
  they must be gay and unhappy and in need for a psychiatrist help . 
  imagine the sweater being bright pink . 
  my favorite book is daniel defoe `` robinson crusoe '' , have read this almost 10 times . 
  do i need to even describe it to someone ? 
  or struck by a lightning . 
  and i sit here , havent watch the show , dont even know what its about , nor do i want to . 
  thousands of buildings *, 
  havent really get into ac , was there a end of the world in it ?
