  some people are just crazy talented and nothing will stop them from achieving their goals . 
  the question by itself is the answer . 
  i am worried that they will not make it to the end with all the salt . 
  the problem is not only the cost of the headset but also lack of non demo-like games . 
  they also tend to be loud and they like to mess things up . 
  some people forget that we are just another animal . 
  we share a lot of genes with anything from banana to apache helicopter . 
  yeah , why would you need diaper when you have socks . 
  i am currently playing the first one alone and i get too salty at myself during some boss fights to continue playing . 
  i am not sure if we are going to have a lot of triple a games . 
  they tend to cost a lot to develop and the small fraction of consumers who owns/will own a vr headset , not to mention vive will not generate enough profit . 
  this is why facebook buying oculus made so much sense , they are the ones who can benefit the most with casual , social type games which cost very little to make . 
  at most i think what we are going to see is racing games and other stationary games where they can make it for both vr and non vr . 
  you can still do the helicopter . 
  ok that is pretty complicated system . 
  sounds very american but with actual choices . 
  easier in the baltics , we have a few options but only 2-3 of them are actually viable and less infight inside the parties happens . 
  careful , banana people can get nuclear . 
  not a lot of times you will see hannibal lecter and sherlock holmes in the same room . 
  maybe it is reich or maybe it 's just maybelline . 
  hmm maybe he is the new weather wizard ? 
  so because he is horrible piece of crap we ca n't make fun of him ? 
  should we not make fun of great leader kim too ? 
  it is so odd to know that this is probably not sarcasm and you really believe in this . 
  people wanted for different things . 
  this is why yes/no vote is so stupid on such complex matter . 
  this is why self checkout lanes are a good thing . 
  cracks `` whip '', 
  easy to member when we had one less than a year ago and having one very soon . 
  have you tried telling him `` do my taxes '' ? 
  heck , i put tremendous amounts of effort into not making videos and i am still stuck at 0 subscribers . 
  is it christmas already ? 
  vomit still remains . 
  there is also lewis hamilton . 
  it definitely is . 
  but it can get way way worse . 
  yes you heard it all your life , and that is why we already have a war caused because of climate change . 
  massive storms causing billions of damage and etc. 
  stop wasting his time , give him the last 4 numbers !, 
  you ca n't blame the people when campaign was outright lying . 
  they rely on closing it quickly , gullible people would fall for it without questioning too much . 
  good content is worth waiting for . 
  heck it makes it better when you are not overfed of it . 
  geez , that guy is literally digging for chocolate in front of everyone . 
  34 hashtags worth of weight ? 
  that is almost a full trump . 
  back in my day we still use kilograms . 
  so it is confusing most of the world . 
  we are just too used to our socialist units . 
  not for too long . 
  how do you celebrate that day ? 
  watch muhammad ali fights and stuff ? 
  and stopping the moving object in correct place . 
  plant based medicine is chinese hoax . 
  true medicine comes from the ground . 
  well now i 'm hungry . 
  i should learn to eat before watching these videos . 
  i ca n't even get past the first word . 
  ah yes , the libertarian view that world would be perfect without government . 
  the correct way is to have more people deciding things so less chances that a certain madman will dictate what is happening . 
  you loose speed in this case but you reduce the uncertainty and chances of outlines . 
  how is this guy even alive after scamming very radical regions out of money . 
  not all of them , but it is one of key values of big portion of libertarianism . 
  solid argument there . 
  a lot of unused area . 
  anarchy is just very extreme version of libertarianism . 
  i was using hyperbole too . 
  yeah , we have a lot of rooftops and they could be used for something useful . 
  probably in the future most of the roofs will be covered in them . 
  dude , he is obviously tony stark . 
  some people are surprised by their own stupidity . 
  this was probably the best episode so far . 
  that bird flashing his green neck at the female made me actually laugh out loud . 
  still not sure if he did it by accident or on purpose . 
  i guess someone left a tip . 
  probably missed several head injuries . 
  i 'd rather wipe that out of my memory . 
  looks like crossfit . 
  damn that card has so many holes at some points . 
  had no idea they can get that complicated . 
  because shell allegedly poisoned a lot of people according to this and people are spamming this thread with nigerian prince jokes . 
  wedding and baptism at the same time . 
  yea but is a very fine line between what moderators will consider bad comment and what would be appropriate . 
  would end up like / r/videos stance on political videos where everything barely political will gets deleted . 
  the last card reads `` congrats , you are officially an alcoholic ! '', 
  i would argue that all articles should be serious on / r/worldnews so tag would be irrelevant . 
  you think the great leader would break all those records without amph ? 
  either teleportation or twins . 
  i wish i was that witty . 
  what did you expect ? 
  can you fix my roof ? 
  $ 100 worth of laundry ? 
  seriously saying `` i read books '' is the same as saying `` i watch movies '' , who the fuck cares . 
  someone needs to add a mate counter . 
  rare moment when sjin know more about civ5 than lewis . 
  from the preview seems like lewis tanks are gone , wonder how that happened . 
  does n't fallout cause damage ? 
  / u/brettor as gandhi confirmed . 
  starting to be one of my favorite series . 
  hopefully they will not get burned out by terraria sluggishness .
