  could be worse , you could be english . 
  well i am 25 , but i will try this being a grandfather excuse when people ask to cover for them . 
  most of the things i wanted to ask is answered so just going to thank you for doing such a great work these past few years . 
  hmm , so 390 is about 20 euros cheaper where i live . 
  i guess i will be waiting to see what 490 will offer . 
  sill sticking with 280x for now . 
  390 beats 480 and it is in some cases cheaper than 480 so look the shops for this , i do n't understand the logic behind the shops in my country . . 
  well heat matters little in this and i heard reports of 480 drawing more energy than it is supposed to . 
  thanks obama . 
  i mean his character in wwe is pretty crappy ( on purpose i guess ) but everything he does in real life is pretty awesome . 
  so . . no, 
  yeah , this was cool , but lets not make it sound like he is some kind of genius with a lot of background knowledge in optics . 
  i mean not a huge loss in the 3d movies department . 
  i would guess vr also would nor work ? 
  i think that abundance of babies in the politics is the problem . 
  379 thanks for this chance and good luck for others !, 
  damn , if he was called empire maybe tennis would be entertaining for me . 
  would n't it look the same ? 
  how ? 
  `` slightly '' more than hundreds . 
  [ this is lithuanian national stadium which had millions poured into it . ], 
  well , seems like time was hard on misty . 
  lots of them do . 
  but they are not the ones who waves their money around by driving an luxury car . 
  what about the costs ? 
  the greece benefits from this but how will japan get the money back ? 
  even regular way is hardly generating tourism . 
  that is a minuscule amount of revenue . 
  you did n't ? 
  from now on i am blaming my atoms for everything . 
  it obviously is him , and it makes perfect sense for him to be there . 
  real life is just a very long sitcom with shitty ending . 
  it is because usually new chick would be more willing to seek help than new dude . 
  as a guy i will walk to mordor twice before seeking help . 
  but that also might be my social anxiety . 
  kicking an obvious hacker on your team is not too rare of a thing . 
  even in competitive matchmaking . 
  no , i am pure consciousness . 
  yea , from where i was sitting they all looked smiling so i decided to come closer and take a picture and totally different emotions showed up , decided to not change the title . 
  damn , who could have thought we would have civ game where sjin wins . 
  nice job dad for getting such a great wife !, 
  he crossed the line , so yeah . 
  this is a public thread , i am speaking to everyone . 
   also , it 's effect , not affect, 
  heck even his name says it all , tony a bot . 
  well self driving cars will take human error out of equation which will mean there will be almost no accidents , and when self driving car crashes into something it is because of the code and not because of the user . 
  ( though we assume a self driving car in this case , not what the teslas and others have at the moment ) . 
  which is weird , it should be perfectly easy to make ones with 24 hours but for some reason we are still using the 12h ones . 
  not an expert on biology but i would say about 7 billion . 
  got the first serious sam ( damn this game kicks my ass on hard difficulty ) , rogue legacy , hand of fate and witcher 3 . 
  plenty of stuff to play for a long time . 
  to be honest , they never said to whom it will cost money . 
  ms having additional costs would still be correct . 
  not the worst way natives could roast you . 
  ah , no surprise here , this is directed at guardian readers . 
  a lot of people get lost during their mid 20s . 
  yeah , i think i will play it on normal , it is just not my thing to die over and over until you learn the spawn patterns perfectly . 
  do n't trust his lies !, 
  i did like it too , maybe not loved , but it was an entertaining few hours . 
  though i would have liked it even more if they kept superman dead ( he seems not to be , based on the last scene ) , but i guess superman name brings too much profit for something like that . 
  name checks out . 
  i mean , i can love pizza and pancakes at the same time , that is all the proof i need . 
  leonardo , donatello , michelangelo and raphael i would guess . 
  i watched enough gordon ramsey shows , i am officially self taught , by old school european . 
  hotel hell is the same , these two shows are my guilty pleasures . 
  well he did beat superman multiple times . 
  but if superman would go for the kill at once it would probably be easy for superman to win . 
  it is the demographic most likely to commit crimes and not adjust to the local culture . 
  all we have left is zombie apocalypse to start there . 
  tried once , ended badly . 
  only available for few countries as a test run . 
  just google crime rates of uneducated young adult males . 
  this has been proven countless times . 
  [ gold worthy but removed too early ], 
  more than mildly i would say . 
  imagine him having some access to code which allows him to manipulate odds . 
  that would be big . 
  nah , it is definitely ebola . 
  by tyranny you mean few corrupt individuals ? 
  nazi dark magic conjured a lot of weird shit . 
  7895 thanks for a chance !, 
  most likely fake bid , which is sad . 
  happens every time when someone tries something like this, 
  like a snowpiercer , it is fine to ride it , but you better not dig deeper into it . 
  yeah , fuck all the innocent people who had nothing to do with it !, 
  ca n't understand logic of protests like that . 
  i guess it was a matter of time before something like this happened . 
  probably bad shit will happen purely because it is so popular . 
  ca n't wait till they get it to my country though . 
  meh , i once tried using it when i got some credits from lounge . 
  but the whole shield thing sticking everywhere screwed me over , luckily i did not attach my credit card or use any real money for it . 
  those crysis are pretty underwhelming when they often start too late to be a threat . 
  8965 thanks for chance . 
  i do n't think lances are necessary , i usually just have overwhelming numbers . 
  game on normal is too easy and on hard i keep getting crushed pretty early . . 
  in my current play trough i got the first lances trough beating technologically and power wise superior aggressor ( i guess my ships countered his , having lots of corvettes still better than few big ships ) . 
  i know a few ways . 
  damn , my fingers felt weird seeing this . 
  mostly because i know what it feels touching that when soldering something by accident . 
  does your toaster also let you time travel ?
