  you want upvotes and gold ? 
  man these days looting for it is popular !, 
  damn , i would love to have that energy at his age . 
  do you volunteer as tribute ? 
  well some people have different preferences towards games , nothing peasant about what he said . 
  he is not stating that consoles are better or that you cant see difference in graphics and etc. 
  you do n't want to awaken that type of viper . 
  revolutions are supposed to happen fast when people abuse their power . 
  hey , you can still use it on things you do n't like . 
  put a sticker on a toilet or something !, 
  yea , i sit here in europe and eat popcorn while watching videos of it . 
  what about the dust2 spots which are there for years . 
  seems like a neanderthal got awaken from being frozen somewhere . 
  where do you go for science and math news ? 
  any particular scientific journals you prefer reading ? 
  some of the mods i had to install is because other mods required them . 
  that 's very catist man !, 
  can i see any proof ? 
  because it has high production value and was advertised heavily ? 
  yea , but what goes inside it is not very nice . 
  that 's the only arc out of gt i actually enjoyed . 
  though some of the ball handlers were a bit out of place . 
  i 'm planning on getting a bengal soon , they are cool cats !, 
  nice man , thanks for giveaway , hopefully whoever wins it will enjoy the hell out of it !, 
  damn they are expensive . 
  but bengals are one of the best cat breeds to own . 
  i want 10 bucks donated to nepal earthquake relief fund . 
  by googling found few breeders selling for ~ $ 1500 . 
  i 'm planning on getting non silver one so they are usually way cheaper . 
  it will be never ending cycle , op found a way to turn comment karma into link karma !, 
  you are wrong !, 
  system 32 is a virus created by hacker group system of a down , i used cracks on few games so i 'm practically a hacker and i know what i 'm talking about !, 
  i 'm getting a math degree at university so this makes me technically a genius , does this not count ? 
  i 've done a lot of research into counting during my studies , and i think it does count , just not to more than 10 . 
  i do n't think there were enough people deleting and downloading to do any harm . 
  i thought it was back street boys ? 
  barry allen being bizzaro flash confirmed !, 
  usually when part of the country is occupied the rest of it suffers great economical problems . 
  he went for a smoke after eating that sandwich . 
  dedicated dealers will get you weed anywhere . 
  every account on reddit is a bot except you . 
  also a tip for people , never take out the hose if it bursts in flames , pulling out makes the fire more dangerous . 
  dude running would have been the better thing to do , i 'm pretty sure even during drivers ed . 
  they tell you that you have to leave the hose inside it . 
  those pictures are funny though , guy looses his hair at the middle and grows it back again . 
  but is doughnut an instrument ? 
  got ta love that head shake . . `` damn , i guess i will not be dancing tonight at the club '', 
  bought a ticket for a train , ended up going on a rollercoaster . 
  stop playing with your food !, 
  oh wow ... `` here , i saw you were a bit cold . '', 
  it will not go boom . . fire does not work everywhere . 
  no it will not reach the tank and it will not explode , if you pull it out then it might reach it , if it gets enough oxygen ( probably not , you are just more likely to burn your arms quite badly ) . 
  if you leave it in , the fire will go off pretty quickly . . 
  in both events it will not explode , though not sure if pulling nozzle out might introduce enough oxygen into tank to make something happen , probably not . 
  yea i agree , shit happens when you are in panic . 
  why you not supposed to pull away snake ? 
  i could also use a new headset op !, 
  just use this as a list . 
  how much does looking cost ? 
  literate computer usage has little to do with grammar/spelling . 
  nothing too much in a sense of a good stories , but i once found 15 maps in 75lvl map . 
  ca n't hear a thing , but at least my ear wax is pushed so far up my brain that the ears are perfectly clean !, 
  what 's your next project , mr. 
  engineer ? 
  are n't these supposed to be temporary ? 
  they build it up fast where you need it and then you break it apart after w/e project is done . 
  this is pretty impressive for one builder !, 
  you must have mistaken when buying it , you supposed to say you want droid , not drone . . 
  please do n't screw it up , please do n't screw it up !, 
  one of my favorite series ( yes , even hypercube ) . 
  valve will solve the problem with new and improved paid mod system . 
  people will forget the dlc . 
  but they are bad shots . . 
  so it sounds like there would be quite a bit of damage ? 
  no , i just have a feeling that they will come back , just not in skyrim . 
  and we will have to stick with skyrim for ever ( that might not be too bad ) . 
  probably majority ? 
  only small percentage of people use 100 mods with mo. 
  yea , but who knows what type of modding we will get from future games , not all of them will have the best mods on other distributors and for free . . my original post had nothing to do with current moddable games . 
  whats mean , its not like he can see it ? 
  that would harm thousands and thousands of innocent people and bots . 
  it makes solar houses more feasible because now they can store the energy to power during night for a relatively low price . 
  if this picks up it might make the day/night power pricing a thing of the past . 
  though doubt that enough people would buy these batteries to matter . 
  most people will probably use these for wind/solar housing . 
  i would guess that for australians putting up solar + battery could be cheaper in the long run than paying electricity bills . 
  though not sure if south australia is very sunny ? 
  which has nothing to do with renewables being unfeasible and more to the quick closure of nuclear plant . 
  but it does n't make sense , once we have better means of storing the energy ( now probably hydro storage is still the best way ) scaling up renewables will definitely reduce co2 emissions and there will be relatively little need to use coal/oil for power production . 
  what ? 
  you never mentioned anything about battery production . . 
  that 's how quantum physics work , duh . 
  that guys face . . 
  someone needs to cut it out and make into reaction gif . 
  this happens so many times , need to start implying that everything is owned by one huge company . 
  the price of electricity will adjust to this though , it will only be viable for households who are fully or semi of the grid . 
  yeah , if you did not expect it , then its your own fault . 
  the picture is about lead actor from the very popular tv series , obviously people will refer to the show and spoilers are bound to happen . . 
  it 's a story about schizophrenic person with 2 imaginary friends , duh . . 
  i do n't know man , i think they nailed it . .
