  about making you laugh , sorry , had a bad day so cant do that . 
  fringe - had a great ending , and overall it has some great insight into fringe sciences, 
  smallville - love dc comics so pretty much main reason, 
  burn notice - really fun spy based series , has a good run . 
  im european , and had trouble figuring it out too , the thing that he is baby made it difficult . 
  it makes perfect sense in city to have such laws . 
  damn those `` do not eat me '' colors !, 
  and in my country , you can get a basic ps3 for 400 + dollars equivalent ... 
  so if i understand correctly , random letters/numbers is good ? 
  all those pirated movies !, 
  usually we have rule saying that you cant use names of places , is this an uncommon rule ? 
  ok , not american so i expected it to be good , dont think eu laws would allow such things . 
  its pirated , look at the ripping teams names . 
  hope you will use good rng not the ones with normal distribution or some kind of geometric laws . 
  a lot of great games , though i cant provide anything funny im having my weekly migrane . 
  but as i have almost half of the games i would give those out to people . 
  thats not a very original comment these days : /, 
  meh these are quite common , what size the world is ? 
  no . . fuck the wife while kids collect skittles . 
  post a safe and never respond with contents ... thats what happens with safes on reddit . 
  ocd is not always about order and perfection . 
  or you could make similar graph about inflation , whats the point ? 
  yea ant thats because no1 is borrowing money for investments even at those rates , but the economy is in need of input of money so to stabilize job market the interest rates has to be low in order for some1 to borrow and invest to create workplaces . 
  357 , 689 , thanks for giveaway . 
  how much of dlc are missing ? 
  its like showing drugs in front of an addict . 
  they will go up when inflation will get higher/unemployment will get too low . 
  japan is a bit peculiar case , they got theyr economy overheated and now no1 really knows how to get it fixed . 
  wtf did i just watch ... 
  does this include preorders ? 
  all seems according to rules , thanks for giveaway . 
  my favorite band probably is guns n roses , dont really know why , but i like them most from classic rock bands . 
  would like bastion . 
  1 . bastion , because i love games with good narrative ( my adhd makes it hard to read and i love games for story not gameplay ), 
  2 . fez , heard a lot about this game and would really like to see how it feels playing it . 
  mark of the ninja , no particulary good reason , just seems like a good short game to play . 
  366 , bastion, 
  didint japanese use tentacle porn to kinda go around censorship rules for porn ? 
  she seems to know what she 's doing . 
  snow whites expression seems kinda odd , i guess its not a very fun job . 
  snow whites expression seems kinda odd , i guess its not a very fun job . 
  add me to the sheet , thanks for giveaway !, 
  bastion , 137, 
  bastion , because i play games for story and heard that bastion has a good one with a great voice actor . 
  entering , huh ? 
  because you make internet a better place for people who do n't have spare money even for bundles ? 
  675 , thanks . 
  if only siri would sing still alive : /, 
  or he was tired of you sleeping long on weekends . . 
  thats a fairly easy one , better give him tridimensional integrals with addition of imaginary points !, 
  god i love that im pretty much finished with most of advanced math . 
  i wonder if that would help me wake up : /, 
  pretty cool , i wonder how he likes them . 
  idk , i started complex analysis on early fall . 
  the problem is isotopic separation as we only need pu 238 . 
  and because it cost a lot and funding is low its hard to produce it . 
  as i forgot to add to my post , all those procesess are expensive and us tend to care more about funding war to keep all the soldiers employed . 
  atleast it seems that european space program has its better days now , or thats just pr i got from small expo of it in my town . 
  but they arent focusing on deep space : / . 
  idk , i always has this inner monologue , what would happen if i found out that she was dude with sexchange after some dating . 
  the problem with deep space is that the laws on inhabiting space/asteroids for mining and stuff is a not unfavorable for it to grow fast . 
  if they would change laws a bit , maybe then we would see a boost of space exploration . 
  more like free jugs . 
  ( sorry for bad joke ), 
  after such directions people end up with light bulbs in their anus . 
  i guess im not that creative : /, 
  well if we will not hurry to rethink our economy theories which world economics are based on , a war is quite probable mathematically . 
  wars usually start when economy gets weird and unpredictable . 
  ( same happened with ww2 and ww1 ), 
  u damn man, 
  yea , what do he thinks he is , man has to go to war and hunt not post on reddit his opinion, 
  yarr darn lanloberrr get to me boats plank !, 
  yarr im captain swashbuckler to you landloberr !, 
  hmm always wanted spaz so might aswell get it . 
  nope , use something to cover up one of them , then you can put it upside down on top of another glass , and pull put the cover , thats probably how its done . 
  sadly when i did similar prank i used ice and didint even think about covering it . 
  missed that bundle sadly . 
  i havent really read the article as i heard about the issue again . 
  arent there any alternative energy sources ? 
  does n't matter , its always the same . 
  im not complaining ... 
  and res can filter nsfw , so when you click to show all images it wouldnt show it , though nice boobs anyway . 
  would like warlock . 
  green, 
  would like bastion . 
  875 , thanks . 
  a lot of professors dont mind if you dont say dr. usually they even prefer you not to . 
  at least he got a blanket . 
  is this true ? 
  i thought they had a lot of different kinds of triggers and excitement/surprise is just one of them ? 
  hodor !, 
  did he attack him ? 
  i was wondering about volunteering , what if you are trying to find yourself and after one day of it you quit , is it considered rude ? 
  i once saw how my friend brought in a stray kitten and his cat just went nuts on it : /, 
  im not someone who complains , i just get bored of stuff pretty quickly and im quite sure that i couldnt do volunteering for very long . thats pretty bad but thats how i am . 
  dont have both limbo and bastion , but would prefer bastion if i had to chose . 
  what frog ? 
  its closer to circus for me than theater . 
  as some1 who hate driving , cant wait for robot cards . 
  237 , and favorite game probably fallout series .
