  can i keep her ? 
  and a good script . 
  because one thing was bad does not mean everything will be bad . 
  there are tons of videos on his main channel so yea , he is making new content . 
  well he did not miss . 
  sounds like a good sniper . 
  at least you will not be here when climate goes completely to shit . 
  yea bill kinda is bad at explaining things to skeptics , similar thing happened when he was at that religious museum of history or whatever it was . 
  give it to americans to go over the sanity . 
  they would need a diet then . 
  i always thought it was a very weird timing . 
  but since i have no idea what i am talking about i hoped that something like this would be investigated by outside world properly . 
  now my confirmation bias is tingling . 
  does heavier oil have any specific uses which would make it more useful than light one or is just overall worse in any case ? 
  i just like mcdonalds too much . 
  funny thing is that my friends who went over to us said that mcdonalds burgers taste crappier in us . 
  though i wonder if they were different or they just thought it tasted different . 
  because they had no time ? 
  thanks for the cool info . 
  ca n't be , we have seen both of them in one video . 
   remember when you would walk into mcdonalds and you ordered a burger and it was already ready for you, 
  wait wait wait , you do n't have that in us ? 
  i thought it was standard thing . 
  well you would probably still need to wait if you order one of those special new burgers they release from time to time . 
  but other than that it is very quick , especially lunch menu . 
  i mean , she is just so over pretentious . 
  i ca n't even understand how someone who wrote such books can be this dense and ... 
  because media abusing their powers is a wrong and dangerous thing . 
  especially in the times of trump who is anti-journalism and holds position of power like that . 
  it just gives him more ammo . 
  i wish i could read a news article knowing it is properly justified and reviewed . 
  that is why punching them is so rewarding . 
  as a fan of the manga i am excited to see one piece game , never played games based on anime/manga , is it fighting game or what ? 
  not me though . 
  i have at least twice as much neurons as this rad brain , i am smrat . 
  i guess he could n't handle the load . 
  world will just tariff the fuck out of us eventually if they will not comply . 
  that must weight quite a bit . 
  tough guy . 
  maybe we are all the same person , inside my head . 
  enough helium would cost a lot , especially replacing it . 
  but i wonder , if you had home which is most of the time in air , would you be able to live like that legaly ? 
  similarly like some people live on boats . 
  hindenburg is 20-20 . 
  yea but there was a glitch with professions of the npcs, 
  you need to go in sequence , torrents -  drugs -  guns -  chicks . 
  he lost his mutant abilities . 
  you do n't own all of airspace over your land . 
  but that part was in the animated series and some versions of comics iirc . 
  also why the hell did they instantly pulled his hands behind his back and put on handcuffs instead of checking if he is alright ??? 
  he did not show any aggression and did not hold anything . . 
  it is bud light , so it is the same as water . 
  damn forgot how ugly those things are . 
  moves like one too . 
  they are n't ? 
  the only think i remember was that dragon balls removed the bombs and that 's it . 
  falling forever = / = dead . 
  or buu saga . 
  wait till krilin gets his super human blue . 
  we could also send cockroaches there . 
  doubt 2 people could fit . 
  i am up for getting crazy insect organs . 
  evidence contradicts that . 
  stop spreading alternative facts . 
  arming police with military weapons was a smart idea . 
  manga gets scarier . 
  should be called the same , do n't remember now . 
  maybe he did it on purpose ? 
  a skit , which is why it is posted on fucking / r/funny . 
  what the hell is arguments for tax breaks for those people who make the most money ?? 
  i get that companies might get those in order to invest , but what can be an excuse to do it for executives other than obvious corruption ? 
  i wish shark tank was a show about project like these . 
  but most of the time it is just stupid generic product with slight alterations . 
  i think those pants materialized out of her sheer aura of craziness . 
  of course it is not fair in a very general sense ( look at swimming in paralympics , there are so many different people there ) , but the point is not to win , the point is to show what you have managed to achieve even with severe setbacks like that . 
  70kg is a push . 
  it really depends on what you start from . 
  only russians say it is russian . 
  yea and baltics are northern europe . 
  this term gets a bit annoying . 
  nvm , my stupid brain for some reason registered it as benchpress , i never attempted deadlift when i went to gym , but i am pretty skinny so i still not sure if i would be able to do 70 . 
  yea but you also would have to innovate to figure that one out . 
  please learn to read . 
  also lithuania is the exact center . 
  poland is more south . 
  damn this looks like it is going to be a good dlc . 
  and just when i was thinking of getting hoi4 because i started getting bored of eu4 . 
  paradox makes too many good strategy games to keep up with . 
  made out with 0 debt , then again not america so free education . 
  you are on reddit , you are definitely are autistic . 
  those republicans were surprisingly nice to him . 
  also that aquamarine looks insane , but that is also because whoever refined it did an amazing job . 
  wtf are those weird a 's ? 
  and why do it during the day ? 
  at least he could have talked it over afterwards about what it will be about . 
  i get that you can lie first to get genuine reactions , but after you film there is no reason to keep the lie up . 
  not really insane and not really anything surprising , this is how basic physics works . 
  well that will definitely not cause injury . 
  that would make their economy erdo gone . 
  yea it is probably best to teach someone to be ready for bad thing before they happen , not after .
