  that 's why i added / s , because i have no idea about the actual situation . 
  just like my ex . 
  that one bite is probably as much cheese as i put on my decently sized pizza . 
  this is what happens when you have been beamed into a spaceship too often . 
  eh love seeing fellow countrymen \u017dydrunas on reddit . 
  he is pretty great . 
  probably would have beaten him if this was done when he had his best form ( he is 12 years older than `` thor '' iirc ) . 
  so i kinda want some type of time-wasting web/online strategy game similar to travian or stronghold kingdoms ( might play this again , but i am not sure what state the game is in now ) . 
  can someone suggest something like that ? 
  well obviously i do that to myself and i ask others for how they want it . . that 's the whole beauty of pizza . 
  yea . 
  probably had to change his pants after that . 
  this shit is even worse than patent trolls . . 
  i wonder how would it look like irl , since the model is too fast for normal fps so it teleports . 
  i thought he said magikarps . 
  would be a catastrophe . 
  you guys live in a club ? 
  meh i started masters studies so i have 1 more year of `` easy '' life . 
  i do n't get it . . 
  yea it had a better impact being short , and after old one being there this seemed like a cheesy knockoff . 
  imagine people in 500 years stumbling onto this and thinking what a weird set of islands . 
  i am confused , how drinking beer helps ? 
  do you masturbate with cheese grater ? 
  so walmart for engineer diploma ? 
  so the frame will hold up for a week or two . 
  nails are better for it . 
  come on , we forget things a day after seeing them on the internet . 
  vietnam numba one !, 
  damn this is comedy gold ... a bit weird that those people are being serious . 
  tbh it is still better than sitting at home . 
  hey , if any german chicks want to move , eastern europe will welcome you . 
  though the competition here might be too tough . 
  probably depends on where they are located ? 
  different places different laws and budged allocations . 
  there definitely are places where government funds some part of it . 
  like they can handle the cold . 
  that 's why they are so keen on selling oil and fast pacing the global warming , so that they could move to our tropical banana republic of lithuania in 50 years . 
  mittens came back after anime timeskip . 
  i think it 's retarded . 
  take it behind a barn and shoot it mate . 
  that is as close as they can get . 
  saying more would look a bit worse . 
  it is hard to imagine that this is happening in damn usa . . 
  i wonder what would happen here in eu if something similar happened . 
  live action cgi beamed directly into retinas is the best kind of cgi . 
  damn i have been sitting here for two months , when is it going to end ? 
  people who ask stupid questions . 
  i barely studied while i was in bachelor studies , but now that i am in masters i actually have to spend few hours each day . 
  i study econometrics . 
  are you chimps even allowed on the internet ? 
  like wtf , she pretty much invited them in ( sure , probably it would be still bad situation even without her doing it ) and now she expects us to deal with it ? 
  come on , that guy was clearly joking , it 's just german humor . 
  someone should finally photoshop that arrow to the knee . 
  this was so weird , beautiful and entertaining . 
  this is an odd feeling . 
  as if anything can help you when they decide to target you . 
  and who cares ? 
  everyone understands it 's an ad , does not stop it from being entertaining . 
  `` you are not very smart 11 year old '', 
  `` i know '', 
  at least this guy knows his weaknesses . 
  i really hope that he did not say that to his mother , like how shitty can you be . . 
  too many what ? 
  you do n't like it then ignore it . 
  it is very easy thing to do , so easy that i ca n't even explain to someone how to ignore things . 
  i also wonder how it would work on those super engine systems in f1 cars . 
  probably would screw everything up since they must be very fine tuned . 
  like i never seen this being done in euroleague or some other european basketball game ( maybe i missed , i am not telling they do n't exist ) . 
  usually the crowd just tries to make as much noise as possible . 
  that 's the russian style , check crimea . 
  she revived butterfly , so why ca n't she revive noah , why did we have to lose the best character . . 
  so this senator is misdirecting attention to the debt size instead of bad allocation . 
  nothing new . 
  this is why this senator is choosing to say such things . 
  he is not tackling the actual issue of bad allocation he is saying he would fix the issue of debt ( which he will definitely wont do , since that is not the issue here ) . 
  basically a statement to get votes . 
  and it will work to some extent . 
  shit like this is why most educated people are annoyed by politics . 
  technically , with a fork you could roll them harder . 
  that 's because good vodka pretty much depends on the filtering , they usually do some good filtering before bottling it . 
  sure after filtering they will differ on quality because of other things . 
  but good filtering is pretty essential . 
  as an european , they said it had more flavor when they tasted unfiltered as opposed when it tasted like water . 
  i guess technically bad taste is still flavour . 
  most of things they filtered would not taste like water ( the only thing which would is water ) . 
  this was very confusing . 
  yea i was confirming your statement with explanation of why it tastes similar to expensive brands . 
  the look he gave reminded me of when you try to prove a mathematical theorem which makes no sense but the proof is so simple and it is still hard to wrap your head around on why is that true . 
  if you only have read about 10 books in your life then most words are hard to write . ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ really ^ ^ ^ ^ hope ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ did ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ do ^ ^ ^ ^ any ^ ^ ^ ^ grammar ^ ^ ^ ^ mistakes . 
  it also most likely only takes the top 500 comments from the posts since the api for whatever reason is limited to that . 
  ( was building an analysis tool myself , but this made the statistical implications/methods too annoying to handle as a side task and results would probably have heavy bias and variance so i skipped . ), 
  no you are not !, 
  stop lying . 
  but from mathematical point of view that is why it is like that . 
  we defined those symbols ( numbers ) in that way . 
  you could probably go to the measurable space of natural numbers and define a measure of them or something like that . 
  but essentially this is how numbers are defined , they are not something real they are just symbolic representations of something . 
  come on dude , do n't tax the 1 % , karma will trickle down !, 
  trickled down karma is best karma . 
  just be racist and argue with everyone .
