  takes a lot before you get this ban . 
  did you spam kick votes ? 
  at least one part of your story is wrong . 
  that is a weird looking banana . 
  hopefully he lives in proper place and not some random person owning it as normal pet . 
  not sure if setting it at lowest would mean more presents . 
  would definitely cost you more . 
  yea it sounds like a seal having sex with a robot and climaxing . 
  yes i do live there , having it cold inside will get you sick quickly . 
  yea that was always an issue in my grandparents house , during winter they could not travel far away from home . 
  seeing how this season was for me one of the best in a while , it is a welcomed news . 
  i feel like that when you are 90 you gain certain perspective on trolling and troll all the time . 
  i do too , but they tend to be expensive . 
  the thing is , a lot of industries rely on cattle/other farm animals , not only the food industry . 
  going full vegan would be very destabilizing . 
  also change their gut bacteria . 
  i thought his fruit power was immortality ? 
  a bit lazy to look for proper source , but [ this ] ( http://www.cattle-empire.net/blog/123/many-uses-cow-beef-products ) ( although looking at the name is probably very biased ) source is good to start looking into more reliable information . 
  there are plenty of other options in dealing with livestock emissions . 
  non of them are being enforced and that is the real problem . 
  so ford is behind this ? 
  what about before soviet union ? 
  still applies to a lot of mentioned countries . 
  probably too much competition in china with small businesses . 
  yea , stuff like this gets planned years before announcements . 
  it would be a bicycle . 
  i am pretty sure that is how people get blind . 
  frames are dangerous . 
  yea , i think nations care more about a psycho trying out ballistic missiles than a psycho threatening individuals . 
  damn , that is pretty close ( year is 1790ish ) , how did you know it is extended timeline ? 
  hopefully by 21st century it will all be red . 
  now that no one really attacks me even after forming coalitions ( i have denmark and russia as allies ) i can just blob freely . 
  we see a lot from north korea , they had multiple nuclear tests last year and now they are going to test their `` intercontinental '' missile . 
  they know who he is and they obviously gave a permission because this is a good advertisement for them . 
  still makes you at least smile . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i enjoyed andrew 's spider man more than toby 's for some reason . 
  he just seemed a better fit for the role . 
  maybe multiple stages of filming . 
  you can probably film stuff which happens in the avengers tower and etc in other places . 
  i am not exactly sure if it is the same plant , but they are a very annoying weed and will spread fast and is very hard to get rid of . 
  which makes it way worse . 
  nope sadly i am damaging my eyes on my 144hz monitor with a pc . 
  what are you doing that you are getting viruses so often ? 
  just add sails . 
  sail trains sound pretty cool . 
  makes sense , how else hundreds of horses inside it would pull it ? 
  this guy knows how to have fun and not care what other people think . 
  it is always horse powered . 
  hippos are probably the last thing i would think to attempt to ride . 
  does not look like anything to me . 
  link is the boss chewing it for quite a while . 
  all hail princess trunks !, 
  and a nazi . 
  holly shit . 
  well humans are part of nature so technically everything we cause is natural . 
  have they tried loving no one like people in developed world ? 
  so you made him better tea ? 
  muppet is going to puppet . 
  the war would have happened regardless , greeks and spartains knew it and that is why spartains with some other dudes went for this suicide mission . 
  damn imagine someone getting shot by this and having all the tiny dust of glass inside them . 
  when they do not like to follow the rules it is hard to not mistreat them when they are not used to cold wether . 
  how about un doing more to help europeans dealing with refugees ? 
  there is big lack of hr . 
  it is not really a fuck up . 
  it was a smart decisions with known short term downsides . 
  these days reality is that shifting to cash-free society especially in developing word is very easy and quick . 
  sure some small details might have been handled better , but this is going to tremendously help india because having to deal with cash in population as large as indias is insane . 
  most of the ones who `` lost their life saving '' were not paying taxes and were too afraid to go to the banks . 
  you ca n't game the system and think it will be the same for ever . 
  do they not drive on the roads , rely on police , firefighters and other government offices ? 
  do they not rely on their government making international deals to have their jobs be competitive on global scale ? 
  most libertarians understand that taxes are important part of society . 
  you really underestimate india 's development levels . 
  also cost of living is way different in australia and india . 
  with 18k you probably could make a good living in india . 
  heck you could make a good living for that in a lot of countries while still paying taxes . 
  australia is just one of the extreme cases when it comes to cost of living . 
  hopefully now that india has leaders who are actually trying to change it it will go better . 
  but people are poor because no one is paying taxes and infrastructure suffers which makes business not want to invest in it which slows down wage growth . 
  and poor people in india do not have to pay taxes . 
  also you do not need to own cars to rely on roads . 
  you do not need to be expert to have skills to search for information which is widely available and easily acquired . 
  is n't it pretty expensive ? 
  i think luffy is going to meet cracker in the hospital and get some fuel . 
  has anyone tried sticking a hamster in one of those , you know , for science ? 
  only against vampire bacteria . 
  funny thing is this crappy troll is probably millennial . 
  only after it eats him . 
  they did not break it , they melted it . 
  they should press rhnb with red hot hydraulic press . 
  are you a grinch fan then ? 
  especially knowing how huge csgo market is , this would be a very weird decision . 
  i guess they would offer item migration , but still sounds like it would not be smart from business perspective since item market is earning them most of the money and not the sales of the game . 
  leo probably could non-pretend fuck almost anyone . 
  fuck , now i imagine being trapped in the arena with light off while slowly roof crushes me . 
  it was maybe slightly too slow so the punchline did not have as good of an effect . 
  home has roof too . 
  outside has snow too . 
  had to delete it in order to have fleshlight app .
