  cool , i was looking for a game like this to play . 
  will check it out mate . 
  there are lots of videos and guides about how to get better at this game , just put some work into it if you want to get better , or as you said , give up . 
  its fully your call to make . 
  you play rugby so bad that even american football team wants to recruit you !, 
  do n't even start with those creeps at vatican . . 
  i will repeat again as i did over and over , gamespot did not disclose for what region they are giving keys away , we did not take it because we were mean , we took the keys because we thought they were giving away for any region . 
  does monsters drop equipment randomized , or do they only drop materials and gold/gems ? 
  and ? 
  founders pack price is high not because it has beta key . 
  but at the same time lol had countless easy to use champions , same is in this game , some are easy some are harder . 
  when champ pool increases so will increase both of these types . 
  he would be locket to us region ( he would probably need to create new account if his current one is eu ) . 
  as someone who just got the key , i hope people are helpfull and try to teach people instead of flaming and calling everyone noobs . 
  yea , i currently doing practice mode , but im totally wiping those bots out so i might try out other mode . 
  looks like crap . . 
  yes , but once you get all heroes to 5 , things slow down . 
  it will take way longer to get new heroes and skins once you are done with level5 quests and these will only get you few heroes if you go for medium priced ones . 
  with dailies you will be able to get hero once several weeks - month . 
  depending on how lucky you are and what hero you are going for . 
  it blows in a good way , like jenny . 
  hello mr. scammer . . 
  til you ca n't visit legoland as an adult without a child ... 
  look at the forums general discussion section . . 
  seems like they are unable to handle community well . 
  asia is huge , there is bound to be one . 
  and he was a president of usa ladies and gentlemen . 
  you do n't need a huge rig to run cs : go at 200fps on max settings . 
  pc here , laptop is my second monitor . 
  unless you are a muslim . 
  they tend to attract some hate in quite a few parts in europe . 
  so that 's why you were not at the annual meeting . . 
  if game becomes popular then quickmatches will be full of weekly heroes and hero league will be played by mostly cheapest ones . 
  this will be a bit boring . 
  i guess for some people 40 $ are not a lot of money . 
  also as far as i understand you cant even choose those heroes which you buy with the pack ? 
  what i found is that playing coop is pretty useless , you ca n't really improve your gameplay a lot . 
  qp people are n't that great players themselves and they most of the time will be helpful and not rage . 
  what the hell did i just watch ? 
  and how the hell is it the first time i 'm seeing this . . 
  well i guess i do n't see much stuff produced by kiwis . 
  well he is feeding my disgust of russian government . 
  they give you chance to value heroes personally instead of forcing a value floor . . 
  probably people will not understand the reference . 
  oh god this made me laugh more than it should ... 
  your penis swings both ways ? 
  slaves got cheaper i guess . 
  * says something in fake russian accent *, 
  one day i will watch them back to back , just need to find the correct day . 
  nah . . floki is the only one sane out there . 
  just reducing probability of contamination as much as they can . 
  even with all the precautions , there is still small chance of something getting through . 
  i guess its still easier than fighting abbot . . 
  well you do get matched with people who claim they know everything just because they play since alpha and that makes them good . . 
  well maybe you do n't suggest someone to rush mines and go 1v5 there , because objectives are important . 
  even if you do think that way , so what if he is overrated ? 
  he is popularizing science and that is beneficial to everyone . 
  its not how bieber being overrated only benefits him and the only thing he creates is music and bad behavior . 
  you found free skins ( in a way . . ) ? 
  damn i 've been thinking of coming back to gw2 for quite a while . 
  posts like these of new people enjoying will make me log in tomorrow . 
  just need to find people to party up . 
  are we finally going to get a real superhero ? 
  the hero who fights annoying bugs with bullets ? 
  yep , she just wanted to get a better view . 
  it was white , but now its probably grey , you do n't clean it filthy bastard !, 
  scorpio ? 
  he has the vibe of someone who would work great as superhuman . 
  well ... 
  he did just escape from meta-prison ... 
  thats not even what the conversation is about , check hyperspheres and hypercubes . 
  anyone knows how does it run on amd cards ? 
  be careful , new catastrophe event might happen when they release expansion !, 
  because it requires strength and endurance ? 
  it 's not like they have massive internal damage from all that alcohol . 
  `` that 's not how it works . 
  that 's not how any of this works ! '', 
  applies to you too . 
  you see its published by ea , so you buy one and then buy dlc for every bite . 
  is n't that what viruses do ? 
  nice one , but honestly , who would think that pickup line would work ? 
  yeah , would love it to be slower . 
  well that was fast one to put into a movie . 
  you buy season pass . . duh, 
  somehow i do n't really feel any appeal of mmorpgs , the only one i still play is gw2 and with expansion coming i think i will stick to it . 
  damn til something actually interesting . 
  because they ca n't produce propagandic material and trick journalists into thinking it was true by adding few ~ ~ rubble ~ ~ dollar bills to it . 
  that surely never happened before . . 
  nah you got it all wrong mate , earth some time before got split into 2 time lines , one which is russian and one which is rest of the world . 
  damn i guess hell did freeze over . 
  poor people who told `` when hell freezes over '' . . 
  i would suggest googling it , but then again i once made a mistake and googled pictures of medical condition . 
  so whats the best place to spend karma ? 
  why ? 
  if he got there before shutter opening it should be fine right ? 
  nah , its jut that guy trying to sell wrestling training as fails of doing that thing . 
  oh god , i 'm a bad human being , this made me laugh too much , then again , this might be a human nature , so it makes me a good human being ? . . 
  at least its better than manga a bit . 
  it does not get boring if you roleplay , and that would work in isolation very well . 
  `` screw this , i 'll make my own game with coconuts and hookers '',
