  i 'm neither and both and also a lighthouse . 
  nsfw because of the tail ? 
  my laptop has been going hot these past few weeks , now i 'm afraid to look , even though i know its just dust . 
  that one guy who is working at redbox seems to be having rough time . 
  took me a while to notice . . 
  i know right , some of these games takes ages to beat , and if you are working it will take millenniums . 
  wait ... you mean there is usually more than one copy of the book ? 
  how the hell scribes can put up with so much work ? 
  i bet he ruined his phone . 
  that 's what i say when i get new pc game . 
  probably same , just less vocal about it . 
  this guy knows whats up . 
  what happens when you obtain your wizard powers on year 30 if that happens ? 
  eh should watch that show . 
  but in a middle of re-watching x-files and this damn show has shitloads of episodes . 
  he was the chosen one , we will never forget the betrayal . 
  yea i 'm a bit sad now . 
  just recently got an iphone and was hopeful for this to work . 
  what the hell is wrong with you mate , chill and give a reasonable explanation to your point of view . 
  you might be a new fart bender . 
  i do n't know man , most whores are always cold . 
  meh , console ones are more cinematic , pc graphics hurts my eyes . 
  yea , maybe that would give them some time to optimize , those system requirements are sharp . 
  because japan ? 
  but you said you enjoy it ? 
  they experience it in reality so they do n't need porn for it . 
  there is a tv show . 
  too late for me , so good luck . 
  chill robot , he was being sarcastic !, 
  i 'm now worried about what will happen to minecraft videos . 
  i 'm also questioning the second part of this announcement , about ms ability to use all created content and not mention nor share revenue with creators . 
  thats great then , minecraft is not a game which should be restricted by rules like this . 
  on this sub ? . . 
  baby do n't hertz me , do n't hertz me , no mooore . . 
  you completely do n't understand minecraft if that 's your generalization of its content creators . 
  i 'm naked and i bring a jar of nutella . 
  this sounds like an adventure !, 
  would you be interested in hearing about big automatic riffles we have here ? 
  flashes are now mini-nukes and radiate luminosity which melts guns . 
  that one is way worse , its just a skeleton in this video , nothing resembling live person . 
  can you give it back ? 
  cat . 
  there is a rule in monopoly rulebook , that all things , which can be used as a weapons , has to be further than anyone playing would be able to reach . 
  you got me excited , i thought new patch got released :(, 
  too many things to be excited about this week so i can wait , diablo patch and heroes of the storm closed beta ( if i get lucky ) , will be able to hold my free time as hostage . 
  this will never work on long run , probabilities in most lotteries are set up so that it would create profit . 
  nah , terraria has no info about patch date yet . 
  i 'm just stating that there is much to do until that comes . 
  terra nova was cool too : /, 
  with cw pushing out 2 new tv series , i wonder what they will cancel . 
  lol , that was a good read . 
  stated most because i do n't know all of the lotteries , so i can not say that my statement applies to all of them . 
  just make up a good lie and post it , that will earn you gold . 
  yes you are being detained , we will have to search you since you are being aggressive , put your trousers down and prepare for impact . 
  funny how even on acid monster truck shows seems bizarre . 
  well technically almost every person is overestimating how smart he is and usually other qualities , this is not just reddit . 
  there seemed to be some twigs on the ground , so maybe they got caught in it . 
  that was a nice landing , could have ended up way worse . 
  quake , starcraft , red alert and ultima , unreal . 
  what a year . 
  yea but 1996 also had a pokemon game , it also had diablo and an elder scrolls game . 
  yea that other guy has some strange alien last name too . 
  `` the hell happened last night ? '', 
  hey , who knows these days what is inside their toasters . 
  every second ? 
  more like this comment chain is over . . 
  is there anything similar for iphones ? 
  and add not swede too . 
  how do i update my computer specifications ? 
  i had beta profile for long time and now my pc is upgraded . 
  i guess it will become like in most games , some people will always rage and flame . 
  yea they will add more , but i think there is a huge amount of people wanting to play this game , so you will still need quite a bit of luck . 
  are you on your period ? 
  took me way too long to notice . . 
  and he still manages to land android 18 . 
  also as a human he was pretty tough . 
  all nations at one time in history went through being savages and war criminals , and culture has little to do with that . 
  so any social interaction is somehow awkward ? 
  damn , perfect sleeping spot . 
  the crew is out ? 
  was a lot of hype behind it and now its quiet . 
  like when you hear name scientology , you think cool , a religion which is based around science ... yeah right . . 
  map marking where you die !!!, 
  finally i will be able to play hard mode . 
  that ca n't be in thef bible . . can it ? 
  reddit tricks me too much with misquotes . . 
  fuck this . . 
  enough reddit for today , i 'm off to sleep ... 
  this looks exactly like failed gta jumps . 
  can someone explain why bard ? 
  never played d&d . 
  nah it totally did happen . . 
  in ops dreams . . 
  i was thinking about that , but thought there might be more to it , it 's dnd after all . 
  well its like some of those cheap used cars , everything looks nice , but when you drive it , problems emerge . 
  you only probably see 1 out of 1000 cases . 
  even with basic logic and understanding of ecosystems and life cycles what that guy said is explainable . . just put some effort and you will easily find papers . 
  it does give back , with karma !, 
  do n't forget to floss . . 
  damn thats a great idea , you do n't spend a lot and you know that someone will have food for that money .
