  exactly !, 
  heh , love finding new animals on reddit , brings me back to childhood when i used to read nature `` encyclopedias '' . 
  well , you should n't have searched for gay porn if you didi n't want to get ads targeted at that . 
  well i do n't post because i do n't think i have something worth posting ( not that it stops other people ) , while i like commenting because i like to participate in discussions , or write a dumb joke comment from time to time . . 
  it usually does n't stop the servers , though i do n't get annoyed by them asking if im ready to order . 
  hell - rust / dayz, 
  heaven - guild wars, 
  whale whale whale , what do we have here ? 
  people who have sailing boats also tend to use them . . im pretty sure there is tons of practical uses instead of being a creep . 
  idk , i challenge someone to create a meme which uses acf . . 
  i cant understand how all these people dont get banned , almost in every game you will see an avatar or a nickname which elsewhere would get banned . 
  i blame putin . 
  whats the story behind it ? 
  idk , it must have thick bones . 
  so #yolo ? 
  or , you only get ran over by train once - #yogrobto . 
  well the 14year olds are the ones who probably usually does this ( source - voice chat ) . 
  well but you can report people for inappropriate names , so that must do something ? 
  paranormal activity : attack of dash cams, 
  i usually do n't mind , but if he is toxic in the voice chat / normal chat then he is getting reported for both . 
  the whole show used to creep me out . . 
  for me its opposite , i always get science/cultural victory ( diplomatic is not that fun as you just buy the votes ) so atm i turn everything except domination off . 
  wizard on reddit is not that nice term . 
  damn i need to save this for when im having a sad time . 
  this is one of those movies which i dont care about critics to go and see it , it has an interesting setting , great actors and im sure i would have a great time even if it was bad . 
  though a lot of current critics are full of crap and a lot of the times dont know what they are talking about , nor have done any reaserch , so its always worth to go and see what you think about it yourself . 
  little did they know , it actually is for producing bullshit . 
  might also be the last thing he ever eats . 
  `` beer '', 
  where is bragging part ? 
  underwater spiders !, 
  good to know , i find it weird to look into someones eyes , does this actually work ? 
  looks like some ancient sea monster . 
  meh they get reposted every few months . 
  what if i told you that there is easier way to do that , which was overused to create fake conversation memes . 
  the day he found out that not brushing his teeth at all was improving his gameplay . 
  just google it , im not someone who wants to encourage stupid behaviors like that more . 
  live action madagascar movie ? 
  its not a secret and it was going around for quite some time , if you are too lazy to do simple internet search its not my fault . 
  im going to tell my mummy that you are being mean !, 
  its not actually sjin , he was replaced the same way sips was in his series !, 
  i kinda like it , it gives a bit more character to it . 
  its a dirty job , but someone has to do it . 
  imagine if reddit would run congress . 
  and you got the bad-driving half , not the math half ? 
  looks pretty cool , though im not that into art so my two cents does n't mean much . 
  or just bind keys differently , though you still need to use mouse with the cast in most games . 
  seems like one of those things you solve by throwing it at the wall . 
  a lot of the times i dont understand whats the point in driving a car in a city , especially if you only use it just to go from a to b . 
  do i usually say something stupid ? 
  the bigger question , is op a guy or a girl ? 
  thats idiotic statement ... 
  guns are designed to injure/kill someone , where cars are usually designed so that no one would get hurt ... 
  thats why i said if you use it to go from a to b , as most morning/evening commuters do . 
  and how is this relevant ? 
  the bigger question is what percentage of users kills more , and i think guns would be a straight winner in here . 
  are you mentally ill or something ? 
  car accidents kills more because there are more car owners , not because cars are more or as dangerous as guns ... and weather you get killed or not by driving is all on you , where weather you get killed by a gun is not in your control . 
  its also so that you could bring along more stuff with you ( like when going shopping and etc ) . 
  yea , those relaxing times in public transport when you can read , doze of to your thoughts and not care about things , are the best . 
  also lick your lips while winking . 
  crystal growing kit , what not to understand ? 
  dont pour flammable liquid on extinguisher ? 
  someone had a boring day . 
  it teaches how to structuralize and solve problems , create logical chains and etc. 
  hence the meme . 
  i thought this was common knowledge ? 
  if only ignorance was rare . . 
  one day you will meet the one , buddy , might be in prison , but still . 
  damn ... i will never look at slippers the same way again . 
  zjin, 
  yes , because she has nerve damage . . 
  well thats quite a list !, 
  well you know when they say `` there are other fishes in the sea '' ? 
  so he is just fishing on the next level . 
  is this in scotland or something ? 
  this is probably my favorite movie , i dont really know why but it just is . 
  didint he went up even more ? 
  didint know jesus had only 1 ball . 
  probably my favorite character atm , since they fucked around too much with winchesters in the series . 
  i dont even know what to think when i see these . . 
  it took me some time to notice the dog ... 
  i guess its sleep time for me . 
  i wonder whats the thought process behind that . 
  idk there is a lot of why in science . 
  at least in physics , astronomy and etc. 
  im thinking of watching kai , since its remastered series with less fillers and other improvements . 
  do they start at the beginning of dragon ball ? 
  also since they are at boo saga does n't mean they are past manga ? 
  sorry mate not good enough , seen this one posted by you already !, 
  yea they could probably have wanted to ask if he is catching for food or he puts them back . 
  lol why did this comment made me laugh that much . . 
  want a hatchet ? 
  im pretty sure you could write a book about it . 
  welll damn , i wished i knew what my talent was , or that i would put enough effort in finding one . 
  ive seen commercials that axe attracts women , so yeah i do !, 
  ask him about fight club !, 
  yep , the `` dancer '' is showing off what he things is good but is actually terrible and the white guy is just having fun , maybe trying to make someone laugh . 
  i dont get that stereotype , look at the classic dancing , or lindy hop-esque ones , usually if you see someone good/great at it , they will be white . 
  his expression .
