  everything is bigger in his hands . 
  2016 called and told you to give it back it 's memes . 
  what about having 3 equal bots ? 
  op might be the husband and that is just his friend who comes over when op is not around to `` play vr '' . 
  if even after all of the leaks and lies you still believe that it is impossible for him to be puppet then you are a sheep . 
  honestly it really looks like someone used machine learning to do the animations . 
  it seems like random modeling errors instead of natural mistakes . 
  well their concerts usually tend to be very good as far as i heard . 
  never had opportunity to attend myself though . 
  they are one of the most influential music groups , hard to imagine them being forgotten . 
  leaving a legacy like that is probably more than any musician can dream about . 
  you know he is a good writer when he finds so many words to describe farts . 
  would you really care that much about your nudes being released 100 years after you die ? 
  as the only child i deeply envy you . 
  nah , we need three tickets to mars . 
  but that 's where baby boomers live , i 'd rather not have so much concentrated stupidity in close proximity to me . 
  seems also to be pretty affordable based on ebay ( til there are cars on ebay ) . 
  15k is not affordable ? 
  especially for americans . 
  it is a car and not a monthly purchase , if you are earning an average us salary and you are not spending like an idiot you can save up for it in few years like with most cars . 
  nah the 578 and 891 were the same duck , it must have circled around . 
  you have been on reddit for 2 years , you should know that title is the furthest away from the truth . 
  sad thing is that there are people who actually believes that . 
  he is american , he probably wants the passengers take out their weekend magnums ( the bad kind of magnums , not the fun kind ) . 
  so he is a redditor ? 
  by the time we will be running out of it we will be getting it from elsewhere . 
  we should still have enough of it for at least 50 years . 
  well [ this ] ( https://www.researchgate.net/profile/benjamin_reuter/publication/263888647_cofat_2014_-_future_resource_availability_for_the_production_of_lithium-ion_vehicle_batteries/links/53fdcd430cf2dca800039068/cofat-2014-future-resource-availability-for-the-production-of-lithium-ion-vehicle-batteries.pdf ) article ( and similarly many others ) concludes that risk is is low and exists mostly due to geopolitics and not physical shortage . 
  that is what they do when they smell urine . 
  you are phd and you link to greentechmedia . . 
  somehow i doubt it . 
  well yea , i linked to a research paper so i would expect same kind of retort instead of arbitrary statements . 
  to have as many offspring as possible and see how they affect the history . 
  nazi goku hype . 
  i think after ssjb goku we will have ss goku . 
  really depends on the job , my first interview was 1h + with questions about the field . 
  and that was after completing a task which took 8 or so hours . 
  hmm maybe i invent time travel some time in the future . 
  they have no choice , they are running out of money . 
  their money reserves are running out due to oil prices and currency fluctuations . 
  debt for them is also difficult to gain since very little people are willing to lend , and high interest rates will make it tough to sustain if oil prices do not recover . 
  what is so outrageous about this statement ? 
  so magnitudes less than in fossil fuels , even without taking into account the environmental debt . 
  he was also united nations representative on climate change or something like that , and overall active environmentalist ( slightly a bit hypocritical in some cases ) . 
  because he is running out of money for military spending does not mean he is not dead on about expansion . . look at osetia , look now at crimea , look at all his attempts to destabilize politics in europe . . 
  these things did not slow down , they accelerated , which is counter to what you two are claiming . 
  no one outside the internet knows it . 
  like there are good reason to bully someone . 
  all of them are dumb . 
  why did you glue it to the wall ? 
  nah he took him straight to deployment because he has forgotten the face of his father . 
  he is a very good tony stark . 
  how are those people even alive . 
  the cube looked really cool when it was sitting white hot on top of watermelon . 
  no wonder he is such an ass . 
  the whole video gave be anxiety , i would not get close to that thing without protection , or try to use it without strong enough gloves . 
  good old whatabautism . 
  they are smart to want to escape russian influence and corruption , they did not execute it well enough because of russias military intervention and their other ways of inflicting chaos . 
  the problem is that when the change is so drastic it should n't go down to 49-51 difference in order to change the status quo . 
  especially with 0 plan on how it will be done presented to the people who are voting . 
  most problems are because of russia at this moment because they are fucking waging war in ukraine and ripped a big part of their land and assets . 
  ofc it is not gone , hard to do when russia is financing it . 
  russian bots are weak these days . 
  what do you expect , he got his fame from reality tv . 
  damn that is heartwarming , i bet this is insane happiness boost when you have been dealt such a bad hand of cards . 
  ca n't even imagine the joy . 
  what choice are they left with ? 
  nice argument mate , hope those 10 rubles will be usefu . 
  because he was liberal and a threat to ruling party ? 
  would be too inconvenient to just make him suicide in close timeline to the other ones . 
  i bet they own guns . 
  this guy is living cartoon character . 
  seems like a small cage and without any place to hide , quite cruel . 
  have to keep the russians away somehow . 
  trying to make a comeback by doing what they were doing all the time ? 
  it is obviously harder to spot pygmy tribes, 
  the guest seemed to be pretty not tricked . 
  because thugs respect police in us ? 
  really doubt it . 
  it is as miserable as you make it . 
  i for example love it in here . 
  damn that is pretty shitty way to hire people . 
  had no idea that he did it in such a scummy way . 
  the way the historians are bashing this guy who found it is fucking stupid beyond belief . 
  of course they are . 
  they will be built by lowest bidder . 
  i use gamma rays , get on my wavelength m8 !, 
  joke is on you , i use res and have `` show images '' on . 
  no clicks happened . 
  this is more useful than the google home . 
  but this timing of all these tabloids like daily mail or wsj using their power to cause financial damage to creators and to youtube seems very deliberate . 
  most of the time constructive comments will not be downvoted to hell if they just represent different beliefs about things , what gets downvoted is when those beliefs are expressed in aggressive or often offensive way . 
  but i do n't see that as a downside . 
  then again my view is subjective . 
  well there are a lot of good newssites under paywall , for example the economist , though they are on a different level than wsj who barely does research . 
  they moderate something ? 
  well of course if you join offensive subreddits and try be critical you will be downvoted . 
  but that is like injecting poison and wondering why you are feeling bad . 
  that actually looks pretty good and easily readable , might be that i am also statistician so we speak the same language . 
  though honestly , coming up with a simple solution is way more impressive than working 30 years on it and coming up with 300 page paper on how to prove it .
