  yea hamsters are cool , i remember as a kid i bought one and the shopkeeper told me it was male , so as a normal 10 year old i named it batman . 
  forward few weeks after that and batman gave birth to several pink babies . 
  yea i realized that it must be due to compression ( i am majoring in statistics , so we got some lectures on transformations , but only from mathematical standpoint . ) . 
  i would suppose it gets more distortions the more times it gets uploaded , so i wonder if its possible to determine how many times it was done by the noise . 
  wait ... emoji on reddit ? 
  probably they just hired someone who knows nothing about pets . 
  you get an armor skin too . 
  which is not in particular hard nor it takes long time . 
  it tends to get bad during some events even without f2p people , cant imagine how it would be with them . 
  without laurels , correct me if i 'm wrong , you cant get asc gear ? 
  he just really , really likes pancakes . 
  we ca n't be that sure . 
  can i switch my le to some of your gear ? 
  well if i would need to get bionic hands , i would definitely ask for crack-able knuckles and the pleasure of doing it . 
  6795 , also pretend that i said something cool . 
  175986 , thanks for chance !, 
  you do n't need questions for coke . 
  they use 3-4 . 
  `` he will not say anything to the boss anyway '', 
  great to leave a job like that early . 
  hopefully they did not amputate the fingers . 
  things like these make me want to never wear any rings . 
  ca n't blame him , chihuahuas are pure concentrated evil . 
  nah / u/sdstormtrooper is a robot and just crashed . 
  still not worthy of becoming our overlord . 
  well it 's one of the books every book reader reads , so it is bound to be in the list . 
  634 , thanks for the giveaway . 
  8678 thanks !, 
  6676 thanks for the chance !, 
  you seem to underestimate how many ladybugs there are . 
  damn , 4 shots ... ca n't imagine how that went . 
  we do n't know wether it 's higher brain function or lower , that 's why we have studies like this . 
  and the engines probably are way not efficient than in cars . 
  it makes a difference when you want to go to pound town . 
  it 's too hard to explain , it is similar to quantum physics . 
  he faked the documents , that is illegal . 
  just reddit stuff . 
  because your cat knows you are harmless food machine . 
  and as famous philosopher once said - hips do n't lie . 
  damn those raptors are things from nightmares . 
  well they do get quite a bit more from stickers . 
  lannisters do not like to share . 
  1675 , thanks . 
  start spending more time on deathmatch and aim maps before playing competitive . 
  we are on reddit mate , competence is not something we are famous of . 
  oh come on , not cool man , not cool . 
  from experience i found deathmatch affecting it more . 
  starting a new fashion trend are n't we ? 
  i am not sure what i expected . . 
  i also wonder how can this be useful when you do n't really get any problems with holding a book normally . . 
  reddit is an apprentice of 4chan . 
  yea these electronics bins are in lots of malls of europe , a lot of people does not use them though . 
  at the same time i myself have tons of old phones in one of the drawers . 
  where do you live , do n't you have electronics bins in supermarkets/big electronics stores ? 
  one of the most popular game and it 's most viewed tournament , obviously it will transition to other mainstream subs . 
  all i am seeing are squares , thank god . 
  ( probably it has to do with subeditor style ? ), 
  that does not look like gif from porn , but who knows . 
  lesbian mime porn , that 's where the fun is . 
  but you do have ones to dispose of batteries ? 
  according to rule 34 , somewhere on the internet . 
  every weekday of tb criticizing/viewing a game sounds amazing . 
  who would n't . 
  no , but lets say we have 20 stories food tower , each floor has 15 rooms . 
  so each story will be for 2 weeks , and each room will produce food for 1 day . 
  timing this becomes pretty easy when you can control lighting and food for the plant . 
  you do n't need to grow everything like that ( especially not potatoes which can be stored for a long time without spoiling them ) . 
  and what do you have against lettuce ? 
  can someone explain ? 
  well i am one of those who will welcome our lettuce overlords . 
  probably not the first time it happened . 
  like really , what in the fucking hell are those ? 
  feeding the trolls on television . 
  that 's interesting . 
  and the other guy proceeds to manhandle it . 
  because the majority of mad people are children , they do n't base their actions on reason they base it on emotions . 
  they only represent a small fraction of gamers . 
  i am a fan of sport called arguing , i do n't even need to choose a team . 
  why would i need to read a book when i can pretend i know everything !, 
  someone needs to make infinite loop out of this . 
  when you are old you stop giving shit . 
  just do n't feed it after 12 . 
  wow did not realize there are so many of them in some places . 
  really makes you rethink your opinion . 
  thanks michael bay !, 
  it is too perfect to be real . 
  well it was still pretty buggy for a console . 
  come on dude , at least link the video on their channel and not some random person uploading them in terrible quality . . [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqfkti6gn9y ), 
  some people become old earlier than others . 
  1 ) rule 34, 
  well some people live to work and some people work to live . 
  damn so my time machine did actually work !, 
  as if we are getting any of them back anytime soon . 
  that is god usopp !, 
  just stick 6pin into your ears . 
  the way he points the camera at the posters , it must be . 
  i am surprised that people care about things like that so much . . just donate because you want to help not because you are annoyed by what you consume . 
  it mostly depends on the time that you play at . 
  evenings are the best since most people who work only play at that time . 
  weekends are also decent but not as good .
