  every man would have that thought first but most would have enough strength to fight the urge of saying it . 
  because wikipedia is just re-using info from the real source , if you want to use the information you have to get it from primary source not a secondary source . 
  population control is getting a bit out of hand . 
  mate stop with the feels ... 
  how dare you misspell one true gods name !, 
  its not from me whom you should seek forgiveness . 
  if commercials takes a lot time of the superbowl , what happens during that time in the stadium ? 
  he is god , he is both and neither at the same time . 
  dont forget how important it is in whole probability field . 
  one of my biggest fears when sailing is having one of these unmarked . 
  yea it just seems that probability theory applications in computer science is pretty clear and its best example how set theory gets to it . 
  lol nope , just baltic . 
  insanity wolf would rip his fingernails off . 
  who lies for karma . 
  how long did it take for you to notice it was your mum and stop . 
  the place where time travelers meet . 
  physics would say no , you use part of that mass for energy . 
  not sure if its a trick to get this to frontpage , but still ... 
  not that unusual , seen like these quite a lot , it seems to be quite shallow place + near a coast ( where you are looking for any small object which might mark paths + looking for markers for nets ) and should be protected from waves . 
  so there are pants in this pic ? 
  and i thought i knew most of the british alternatives . 
  oh god , this gave me a good laugh , thanks op !, 
  too many hooks , not hardcore . 
  because of people like that we actually need `` shoes '' ( are n't those flip flops ? 
  no its because fungus likes damp places so the floor bound to have it . 
  first of all , where are you from so we could actually estimate where you could travel with low income . 
  didint daleks also evolve from humanoid alien ? 
  so europe is out of question ? 
  cant suggest anything then . 
  well usually you mill it yourself if its good and put it in w/e container you have . 
  though the amount of coffee suggests it was pre-milled . 
  if you go to europe you probably have to take away 2 days from the week , and 5 days is not really enough for vacation in different culture . 
  doc , i think ducktape will do . 
  what drugs is he on in this pic . 
  should we tell him he is adopted ? 
  still 1/6 is not that bad odds . 
  isnt it bad to hold them on their back , that gets them stressed and they might die from it ? 
  so op , you chose the championship i hope ? 
  are n't zombies complete opposite of ghosts ? 
  i wonder how hard would it be to program it to not have unsolvable ( luck based ) sets . 
  i should watch it , have been wanting to do so for quite some time . 
  how can it be legal to call yourself a doctor , i dont think he has medical degree , and more over a phd . 
  they stay in trance because of stress , defense mechanism forces them to do so . 
  well i guess under those conditions they shouldnt be stressed . 
  yea i keep doing that mistake , will leave it in as its more funny : /, 
  the knights of the beerpong table . 
  oh did n't know that . 
  i hope that its commercial or at least scripted because what if she decided to lie down a bit more ? 
  he could do it only 8 more times sadly : /, 
  and he also knows its deliberate , and is trying to make them slip and give a high five . 
  mate you didint even try to wait for a better time to put this reference . 
  you may take our characters , you may take our universe but ... 
  its addition not multiplication of negatives , trust me , i study math . 
  math saves from everything , its like an ultimate superpower !, 
  it would be great if you would get cords out of that beacon from some1 else who is sending `` emergency signal '' and when you get there you get wild murderous sociopathic penguins . 
  yea and he thought all of them are the same , he just didint do enough research . 
  `` well its not going to fuck itself '', 
  glad to cause you pain , didint think it was that funny but had an urge to write it :d, 
  yes , wait a year for a sale and then you might get it cheaper . 
  wow it took me a while to remember the word well ... 
  so its furious koala !, 
  its australia so coordinates go opposite way . 
  there will always be posts `` why is my character gone '', 
  no its not , once you read how terribly written are a lot of popular current books and compare them to classics . . 
  all depends on how soon you get help . 
  its easier to hold breath underwater so i just time 2:30 if it ticks down i would die . 
  i hope you are ... 
  not even close . . 
  `` they forgot to feed me , should i set house on fire now or wait . . '', 
  you made sure you deleted mods ? 
  mine caused crash on start , but it wasnt mac . 
  this was there from the start . 
  the lava jail thing in which shroom people are holding a floran . 
  not sure if its new . . 
  i thought it was a problem on my side , cool . 
  still havent found meteor showers , though my starter planet had all water toxic , and it gave me and idea for pixel farm with that water . 
  its not new , its fixed . 
  yea saw human statues but got killed before i had a chance to take it . . 
  im pretty sure thats japanese porn wood, 
  this was 2 patches ago , i killed him to put him out of his misery : /, 
  people these days tend to take in hyperbole , irony and sarcasm as truth ... 
  they most likely did n't , the election were skewed and i 'm pretty sure you can find articles about that somewhere . 
  did you end up bald ? 
  or with a dong on back of your head ? 
  and here i was thinking they were cyberman wanting to `` upgrade '' everyone . . 
  go play around with all cool mods now !, 
  or he have accidentally walk over a poison puddle . 
  but that would remove reddit from the page . . 
  what does us being in europe have to do with it ? 
  thats cute , he doesnt have much running . . 
  its very handy when tabs get resetted by random thing and you need to get all of tabs set up again . 
  you forgot to mention its insect cave crawling centaur camels, 
  yep thats pretty old , but still creepy . 
  the best indicator of how cute something is in starbound : if it tries to kill you - its cute , if its non hostile - its creepy . 
  ugh i guess i hop through planets too frequently , still havent seen craters ... 
  hunger games movies seems to be better watched after reading the books imho . . 
  is it me or is it easyer to find guns ? 
  found at t1 one quite early , same for t2 . 
  i dont mind the downvotes , though i agree that explanation would be useful . 
  i dont even know how people who are afraid of snakes can code in python .
