  and you think your comment is very original and you are showing your superiority by being an asshole ? 
  oh wait , he hated his parents , so its not unusual for him to talk like that . 
  how the hell do you get perm banned ? 
  still no mars station , bastards are slaking off . . 
  it 's rest in pieces in peace . . 
  well imagine having hundreds of millions . . you can buy pretty much anything . 
  warriors probably were the ones who ( if we take out rulers and high ranks out of it ) had most of the food , and ones who were weak were just killed and forgotten . 
  but i saw several people with previous vac bans playing , so why was this permanent . 
  yes but best is a relative thing , so for this point of view the criteria was popularity . 
  there are not a lot of ways to define best objectively . 
  so you are going to be back to being passive ? 
  sips , turps and hatfilms in one civ game ? 
  damn that would be too good to handle . 
  so you want to punish all of us just because of few people ? 
  tons of people from all over the europe talk in their languages in mm , especially if they are premade . 
  by being separated from rest of the people ? 
  they did take an objective criteria which is sales or w/e it was what determines popularity . 
  sounds like you have a pretty ignorant perspective , especially since its not only eastern europe who frequently use russian language in the game . 
  because you usually do n't spend more than 300 on that round if you have lost round1 ? 
  so whats wrong with my point of view ? 
  try to actually share your insight instead of saying `` you 're gold '' . . 
  ask for a tour , its a win-win . 
  its just a very genetically advanced human . 
  oh god that was funny , seems like he used ff too much and got kicked ? 
  its just some kind of bug , the guy who kicked threw the granade as you see from his inventory . 
  but maybe game didi n't see anyone else in the game ( because it registered ff before anything else ? ), 
  so registered the kill for the only guy alive . 
  yea its probably for some kind of security reasons or w/e , some games ( maybe i was hallucinating or smth ) were registering kills ~ 5secs after the people were down , so those things might be low priority packets and waits for everything else to go through server . 
  yea , those adrenaline rushes are great , especially when you pull of kills you do n't really knew how you got . . 
  i several times got random sg headshots in banana by just rushing behind the cover while shooting few shots mindlessly hoping no awp will see me . 
  i 'm glad that at least one person understood the reference !, 
  god that plot twist was a bit disturbing ( even though it was not that unexpected ) . 
  can you speak up , i 'm having trouble in hearing over all this shouting !, 
  well there used to be a janitor . 
  not even dc has something that evil . . 
  what about sea man ? 
  10 or w/e for all missions , more drops/week i think . 
  oh yea , was counting in euros . 
  also do you know if i get weekly missions for every campaign or do i choose on which one i use ? 
  dont forget to floss . . 
  damn , and i liked this map , now i do n't think ill play untill fixed . 
  well he did look at the light , so what else do you expect him to do ? 
  jaws x, 
  i 'm not sure if you know , but you actually have to turn the pages . 
  seems like a weird latvian genetic experiment . 
  oh god , a new meme about how awkward we are ? 
  i do n't know , it seems like city is full of love . 
  easier to keep identity secret when they think you are dead , duh . 
  ugh , do n't remember now and ca n't check , but its the one where you can see eiffel tower ( i think ) . 
  the problem i found with new hostage maps , people fucking do n't know how they work at nova ( i guess they came because of missions ) ... heck even when i was at silver people had better understanding on that . . 
  also i was trying to look up , but what is the actual speed while carrying host ? 
  could n't find info in the wiki . 
  yea i used to do that some time ago , and no1 actually told me that speed does n't matter , it seems like only 1/100 knows that , even when playing office in non-operation times . 
  also seems like a lot of people says stadium instead of basketball, 
  best song choice in a while for a cs movie . 
  yea here if someone would walk with visible firearm it would be quite a bit scary ( also illegal ) , i would freak the hell out in a city where its a norm . 
  do n't forget about those giant mining machines , high as tall buildings and takes several stadiums space . 
  no idea how something so massive can move . 
  lately i have been getting very few dusts2 ( i have most of operation + duty maps in search ) , but i 'm nowhere near your rank . 
  it would be cool if additional campaigns would add at least a drop , though that would make market even worse . 
  nana nana nana nana banana - man . 
  i do n't think i would go to that hot tub anymore . 
  op works in candy delivery company as a driver , his white wan has candy written on it . 
  first time i hear that , but american would probably go for his gun ? 
  now i imagine a world where every american baby is issued a handgun , and a riffle when he turns 18 . 
  damn i always thought there was 2 f in rifle . . 
  now i wonder how it would feel being in a hot tub with hazmat . . 
  damn , i 've seen double bans , but all of them ? 
  she is a white walker . 
  i hope that 's not a spoiler . . 
  i thought you were already describing cat ? 
  googled the name and now im laughing my ass off . . 
  aaand she is not dead again . . 
  and if someone does , that would make the match totally unbalanced . 
  lets hope that answer will ascend . 
  space fans . 
  and the fact that what we know is pretty much nothing . 
  do n't forget to smile and wink . . 
  definition of friend differs quite a bit depending on peoples personality . 
  milk farm ? 
  damn , usually one of their form is not as cool , but this guy is amazing in both . 
  this is internet , i already forgot about this comment when i click save . 
  you one of those people who likes to pay others to sit in your bathtub full of noodles ? 
  this is the great idea , i hate people who says restrict people based on regions , not all eastern europe speaks russian . 
  we need the system they have in dota2 . 
  yea i 'm from eastern europe and i get called american pig and other shit by them if i talk english . 
  ( i even understand russian , ca n't speek it good enough to be useful , but i do understand what calls they are giving . ), 
  could i join ? 
  i 'm not very good nova4 , but i 'm eager to learn . 
  well if you do n't want to be judge , maybe you should have thought about making different username . 
  get the 8.1 not 8 . 
  yesterday i had really funny kill ( which probably got me a report ) , i went to banana and smoked near car , waited 5sec and 1tapped hs ( with sg ) a ct running to hide behind car , i shot not behind car but between corner and car , did n't see any indication , nor know what made me decide to just send 1 shot towards smoke after all that time . 
  i did until i left it with my middle fingers up screaming `` suckers '' . 
  high nova is so better / s, 
  i wonder if duncan even noticed that his ships got nuked . 
  peel or be peeled 2 : they will all slip, 
  peel or be peeled 4 : blending in, 
  thats a good way to easily know what person is about , i would not care too much about person who takes that as an insult . 
  one of the reasons is stabilizing world economy , we are quite dependent on some third world countries and its a good investment to try and make those countries not completely chaotic . 
  ( i hope my reasoning is at least a bit correct ? ),
