  wait until you have tons of trains . . those are scarier than monsters . 
  bring everyone on conveyor belts . 
  you can build railways on both of those and spread out in the world like a tree . 
  would be interesting project . 
  that might differ depending on location , in eastern europe a lot of them are short tempered and a lot of them are really really nice . 
  it is like they took only the tails of the bell curve . 
  my only problem with these cars is that they still need a very good road condition , which makes it pretty useless where i live for half of the year . 
  hopefully they will start more testing it on bad roads and weather . 
  can you use mods on already created map ? 
  it is perfect tree cleaner before getting robots . 
  that 's how i felt when i started dating my ex . 
  i spawn massive mining factories with pesky drones . 
  poor fat cat will be scared every time that happens . 
  only rich are supposed to have access to knowledge , that is how god intended it . 
  my parents bought me hamster when i was a kid , they were told it was male so i called it batman ( duh , obviously best name ) . 
  skip some time and batman has 6 little pink babies . 
  who eats breakfast away from their computer anyway ? 
  that 's just crazy talk , no one can deny god and his noodle appendages . 
  i 'm sure that it happened at least one time somewhere . 
  obviously not the only one , i think everyone loved them ? 
  that 's why he could n't go trough the gate , he needs lagertha to pass it . 
  what do you mean by this statement ? 
  my fantasy is my fantasy , it ca n't be right or wrong . 
  sorry for causing you that much pain with my small silly joke . 
  have a nice day . 
  a true black is technically a color of nothing , since nothing from it reaches your eyes . 
  this is a weird implication you made knowing this is a discussion about totally fictional show . 
  polishedwood, 
  do n't you need 10 panels ? 
  or are you using modules ? 
  i mean , that 's what people do in africa and i never heard any of them getting sick . 
  i do n't follow your logic . . 
  if there was something incorrect internet would have called her out quite often , there is no debate , she is a doctor . . 
  yea , that is not what reddit tells me to do in step one . 
  does not seem like he had trouble with it . 
  and there are countless ways to build your science factory . 
  part of my plan is to do something like that with additional analytics , problem for me right now is that i mainly work with r which complicates things since i might need to write indexer myself . 
  this probably would not be public since there are complications to set it up , but if i 'm successful ( a lot of things to go wrong ) and i have time , i might start do some weekly reports . 
  have you tried looking for freelance work ? 
  some companies are doing that and it might help you get some basic practical skills in your field . 
  2 months episode 2, 
  trying to create something what gathers data with r , but damn this returns a very confusing dataset ( even after using json packages ) . 
  thanks , will try to figure it out ( or drop it out of frustration ) . 
  they should have played it back to the street so that guy could hear weird familiar voice narrating what he does . 
  well anything lower than 60 will probably give you quite a disadvantage . 
  these diff equations are always a tough cookie , no worries . 
  depends if you add complex numbers or not . 
  enough radians and you will either become spiderman or hulk . 
  memes are the only reason human civilization managed to form . 
  original quadcopter . 
  that is how often things drop in quality . 
  we have some horseradish in my grandparents farm , those definitely burn your sinuses ( store bought is way weaker ) . 
  so it might not be that big of difference if it is good . 
  well they can just suck my cac . 
  or he had sql lectures . 
  well that will just make anyone listening to you have little idea of what you want . 
  this has little to do with whether you are bad or not . 
  had no idea dc stands for detective comics . . 
  so they did not need to go and rescue matt damon , we could just wait a bit . 
  this was my biggest gripe with ops action . 
  but we do n't really know much about the area this was happening . 
  maybe there are not a lot of cars and no pedestrians . 
  still selfish thing to do . 
  was n't there videos of people claiming otherwise ? 
  after a year stuck on dressrosa arc , we needed this . 
  the thing is , if i saw this trailer i might have actually went and saw the movie . 
  well i spawned in a world where i could only see a 2x2 area of copper , so it is true by default for me . 
  yea i have trouble figuring out how to do signals correctly . 
  now if only you could push like that into train . 
  or have a building like train structure where everything is done in similar way when train docks into it . 
  you forgot to mention that trains are your biggest enemy and will cause your death more than the natives . 
  you go to space and accidentally crash on another planet again , slightly different , with different materials so you need to research a lot of new things to get up to space again . 
  nah it ends with 0000 . 
  well it would be easy to make similar one with replaceable battery , could use this to cut those wooden popsicle sticks into something what could make a slot . 
  do n't laugh or this whole building is going to collapse . 
  for some reason if you use nato phonetic alphabet it is easier to remember which letter goes next at any point . 
  could not ask for anything better . 
  you can buy anything cheaper , but there is no fun in that . 
  i checked twice , it is 0000 . 
  trust me , i am mathematician . 
  you should adopt one from daesh . 
  which is weird since i definitely recited the normal alphabet more and only learned the nato one just in case i would need to use radio out in the sea . 
  i think it has something more with having words connected with each other more then letters when saying them in sequence . 
  bartolomeo could do it . 
  but he would not survive being invited to join the shit . 
  look at how factorio blew up . . a great game , but never expected so many people to like this type of game . 
  on which point does anything about him indicate he has no friends ? 
  he asking the questions , not doing it . 
  that is the key difference . 
  being able to be amazed by the experiments even though you know what results should happen is one very important quality of being a scientist . 
  that is how i see a lot of ads like this . 
  this is the only reason he got a second date . 
  i am waiting for mirrors . 
  would you rather fight one hundred chicken sized dinosaurs or one dinosaur sized chicken ? 
  the problem is that we do not fear the nuclear power by itself , we fear the people who will be responsible in building it , so many people abusing the system and surely some of them will just try to cut costs and safety regulations . 
  just chill man . . 
  nothing important about killing a leech , there will be billions more out there anyway . 
  their medical use is very debatable and mostly wrong . 
  and if you consider that anything what happens on earth is in any way meaningful in the scale of the universe you are being pretty ignorant . 
  kinda wondering what would happen to it if you poured hydrogen peroxide on it .
