  i think that it is more like a norm , so should be an automatic motion . 
  2k hours and jumping from le to lem and back . . at one point i really stopped giving a shit about ranking up . 
  the people barely change and in any rank you will get idiots who can barely tie their shoes ( do n't get me wrong , i belong where i am , i am not a great player ) . 
  i just play for fun and try to be helpful if i can . 
  ranking up to ge would not change anything about what i do ( except meaning that i am better player than before , which is i guess a good thing ) . 
  i kinda found that on inferno i can do more on forcebuy than on dust2 . 
  then again , i do n't mind buying a scout or famas on buy round . 
  damn scammers are getting weirder and weirder . 
  not as lethal as dropbears . 
  i am going to start a business of selling anti-dropbear drones . 
  you counted to a million in 45 minutes ? 
  that is 370 numbers/second . 
  damn man !, 
  no wonder you could kill a whale that fast , are you zoom ? 
  my point is that instead of always saving , default should be always forcing on round after first loss , unless you then decide to do something different and then call that out . 
  i am not saying that you should buy every time , i am saying that you should n't need to call it out every time . 
  but you have utility after forcing . . 
  that is what every true grammar nazi needs in his arsenal . 
  what are fingers ? 
  i thought he will say `` cardio is tough '' . 
  maybe they will not send to the same address twice ? 
  eh i guess i can ignore csgo for some time and do something productive , like play fallout 4 . 
  11/10 with rice . 
  hey , they even introduced spoiler spoiler spoiler martian manhunter , never mind all the stupid shit , that one was pretty amazing thing to have ( even though cgi of him is terrible ), 
  from one side i want to stay away from mm until they balance , from another point , i want to try this craziness . 
  ca n't wait for aston martin update . 
  dust 2 but only the long . 
  you spawn with backs against each other and you have to turn around and kill after timer unstucks you . 
  -442 in head at short range , fuck this gun . 
  `` i am bulletproof '' this guy is what we would be like after getting superpowers . 
  not even russian , and with phd instead of dumb . 
  yea ruined the game so i could study for finals . 
  the day sarcasm will be censored will be the start of people revolting . 
  it is okay , you can admit it . 
  that being said , you should still probably keep the expensive currency , the reward from using those is low during early levels . 
  but everything up to chaos ( including it , but probably trading it off for other orbs ) . 
  those cost several exalts , too expensive for early game . 
  this whole scene was amazing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heimpszlipk also the body speech adds a lot to this speech . 
  i think during russification ( might be messing up the term ) of baltic states it was banned . 
  including other fictional work with hidden meanings ( all the lyrical instruments and such ) , but people just got more inventive in hiding the messages in poetry and similar works . 
  damn , great to know . 
  yea i understood that part , just thought that some newbie might read it wrong and exalt his good lvl 50 belt . 
  well this one is a bit trickier , you should not fuse low lvl items . 
  but later on you can make profit by buying cheap unlinked 6s uniques and fusing it ( trying to get 6l but selling once you get at least 5l ) . 
  obviously does not work on all situations , but market allows for you to make a profit like that on quite a few items . 
  ( hell sometimes even if you want a certain 6l item you might want to buy 6s and link it until you get 5 or 6 , if you get 5 - sell and iterate ) . 
  well except fitting step nr .1 it is pretty much the same . 
   snarks, 
  ftfy, 
  they spent all on king shark , but then they realized they had to do grodd , so they borrowed cash from arrow since they will not need to do cgi obviously . 
  his secret plan is children of the corn . 
  darhk is sith lord , jar jar posing as darhk ? 
  the thing is , this is an obvious reaction creators are expecting , so what if ... 
  they did a twist and actually killed her ? 
  for me i remember itching all over . 
  but i compare it to being bitten by 100 mosquitoes . 
  well when a taxi driver is protesting you cant really use a taxi so you use uber . 
  uber is more reliable so you would then first try to use it instead of taxi who might or might not be protesting . 
  i was confused by this , do people in us not have mandatory insurance ? 
  i think that in most eu countries you have to have car insurance . 
  i barely understood of what he was saying , but i am not actually sure if it is because of the accent or because of the context ( i am usually good at understanding accents ) . 
  middle east . 
  what does trump has to do with this ? 
  worked this right hand more like most of men . 
  no tactical nukes ? 
  like if the only problem would be r8 then it would not be that terrible , but valve pushed 3 literally worst changes they could , doing opposite of what players and pro scene wants . 
  this incompetence is just too big , i really hope they will get shock in market sales and playerbase so that they would take the changes more seriously . 
  all main riffles nerfed ( and the nerf works in a way that those guns are now more random , less skill based ) , and bomb timer changed too . 
  the timer change would have been good if they changed it to what majors use . 
  now they changed to random number instead of using what worked well for 10 years . 
  but not only the fact they changed the timers they are also forcing the timer change onto valve sponsored tournaments ( they used proper tournament timers up until now ) . 
  all these changes cause pro matches to be postponed and tournaments are being played on old patch . 
  it was a joke ... 
  oh god , why did i laugh at this . . 
  meh easy for me , just gon na try to do something with new lightning bow skill on ranger . 
  you can clearly see that the little girl with matchsticks was the arsonist . 
  dog should have volvo logo . 
  damn you a hero reddit does not deserve , but needs . 
  how could she slap ? 
  i really wish they would just end each other and world peace prevails , but the only way to achieve this fantasy is drugs . 
  n.korea as wonder woman jumps in . 
  of course there will be , but the struggle against people like this is what makes us strong . 
  bitch please , i am forever young . 
  whale protesters are the worst , they take up so much space . 
  ign : timeforpewpew ( if it will not be taken , just pm me on reddit if interested ), 
  hardcore or softcore : sc, 
  build : shrapnel shot life ranger ( still wip ), 
  goals : casually play , try to get as many challanges as i can with 1-2 hr playtime, 
  gateway : europe, 
  time/duration of first session : ~ 4hrs ( depends on my state of sleepiness ), 
  voips : can use any of the free ones, 
  ( optional ) looking for : a semi-casual guild to chat around and do maps with, 
  this would get you blackout drunk in 1 hour . 
  ( all except glitches probably occurs once or twice during 1h ), 
  in later on at the league , offers like this cause a lot of problems if you are short on stash space . 
  spreadsheet simulator : wraeclast, 
  about the horsemen , did he fucking have magneto and storm as horsemen in trailer ? 
  we ca n't be sure , op might be working at volvo and just simply stating how his work fixed csgo . 
  sacrificed 10 chickens to lord gaben , for balance . 
  it used to be about being bored and watching something not very entertaining and making it more fun with booze .
