  never had bitcointip , how do they work ? 
  i mean how do bitcoins get attached to your reddit account ? 
  whats the most often thing you are asked to do ( except the cleft lip you mentioned ) ? 
  still counts . 
  social interactions ... 
  no , he is penguin ... 
  call of duty origins - black ops, 
  - why did chicken crossed a road ? 
  - because it was mexican border ... ( sorry tried to think something of my own and not google jokes ), 
  as for games my first choice would be arkham city, 
  second one would be asylum ( but i might get the 1 $ bundle myself ), 
  mine is fiber so they dont offer cable obviously , though they offer iptv so its quite similar ( but my current router does n't support it ) . 
  i think so , as far as i can understand from all the reaction . 
  even in nemesis this seems pretty worthless . 
  sorry , but thats tasteless example of irony . 
  ive got question a bit off topic , why normal and not domination ? 
  i could put that to good use . 
  would like scribblenauts unlimited , thanks . 
  but other parts might be too small . . 
  good amount of vodka and fighting bears and you will look like that also !, 
  thanks , pretty much what i have been thinking , what nodes can i get to increase dmg ? 
  swiched out most of the nodes which you mentioned i dont need with accuracy nodes , now my build looks like, 
  it just need downsides , like -30 % movement speed , 30 % lower evasion and etc. 
  maybe you dont shower enough ? 
  i know , bad joke , thats why i dont find companions . . 
  bob !, 
  he bathes in vodka ? 
  thats pretty manly !, 
  h2so4 should do the job too !, 
  well when i grew them xenopud laevis tadpoles were also bigger than froglets , though, 
  then they start to grow pretty fast . 
  the main problem is that people imitate his act and getting those people in poe is a bit annoying , but they will filter out eventually . 
  athene himself seems like a pretty cool guy , he just puts on an act as lots of youtubers/streamers do . 
  we need bad hygiene meme ... 
  poor alibaba , he does n't know what he is getting himself into . 
  i think it keeps getting posted every month . 
  you have 5 pages dedicated for gems ? 
  i dont know , whats the point in having so many gems ? 
  im finishing my first one and i will need to start trashing some of them ( too poor for additional tabs ) . 
  any suggestions what to keep ( ofc i will keep quality ones ) . 
  hey grylls , do you like video games ( not sure if you have spare time for them ) , if so , then what was your favorite one . 
  first one is the best by far . 
  meh , my government funds education pretty well if you are actually studying . 
  so your dad names the wi-fi ? 
  the most innovative thing probably was the destruction in red faction guerrilla . 
  oh . . as a kid i had a whole universe in my head ( with good vs evil struggle and inspiration from all sorts of fiction works i 've read/seen ) . 
  if only i had good writing skills i could make a fortune on making book series . 
  well ... til, 
  he must have been very weak at mornings . 
  i think in new wolverine movie it was shown how few solders in nagasaki committed battlefield seppuku before nuke . 
  how does descent work ? 
  sorry alt tabbed because it was utterly unentertaining , was kripp even in this video ? 
  meh those people will not last long in poe , most of them will drop out before endgame . 
  no it does n't , in all logical interpretations of human behavior it 's prominent that there are exception . 
  the logic was based on assumption stated above for people who has low intelligence and short attention span . 
  idk , the first time i played i do n't remember that i had problems with her . but i also think that during my first play-through i had maxed resists pretty early on , so your statement might be true . 
  i always wondered , why does some cats like that ? 
  well i do n't think i even need to redirect people to a certain subreddit . 
  everyone already knows . 
  thats because salt ( or whatever includes that type of tears ) lowers freeze temperature , its actually helping not to freeze . 
  must be australian . 
  after a while you adapt a habit to always check if it is an ad . 
  that amount is hard to believe , you could start an custom portfolio after a year with a nice capital . 
  hmm , i usually would write 13/12/11 , but i guess its a matter of habit . 
  yea , domination dont care about leveling gear because death is not that scary , they save up currency for end tier items . 
  well at that level you usually have good enough items to survive most maps . 
  it is usually spoken the same way it is written . 
  you must be new to reddit ? 
  i dont know about sweden , but in lithuania they do . 
  its a place where people with certain sexual fetish gather ... you probably better of not knowing . 
  / r/incest, 
  yea , thats why i was implying that its obvious where the redirection would lead . 
  and this is not regulated ? 
  i doubt such subreddit would not be deleted , unless its on dark-net part of reddit . 
  i was wondering why my fur is so nice and shiny . 
  start proofing algorithm, 
  how do you link reddit account to bitcoin wallet ? 
  thats something unrelated with reddit , google it . 
  white socket ? 
  its always good to make small jokes . 
  is not a chinese name ? 
  wait what ? 
  this is a thing ? 
  im almost dont entirely know how cook , but boiling eggs , cooking meat and other simple tasks seems to be impossible to not know how to do . 
  i think only mutants can do that ( thats how you know who are mutants ) . . 
  yea poe has one of the greater dev and community interaction.that one is enough to make the game great thing to spend time on , not to mention that game itself is very good and complex arpg . 
  its an interesting experiment , but what if it catches on and public transport system stops getting enough income ( not that it already does ) . 
  just for $ 79.9 and lie detector test at nsa hq . 
  well he had to slip at some point , but there are no people who claim that , so the only reasonable explanation - they are dead . 
  obviously die victoriously after a great battle in bed . 
  well its mostly about timing , so once you know it , it becomes elementary . 
  wait , topless coffee shop ? 
  its sill readable , lower the size more . 
  nope , people without 3ds also dont . 
  well then , lets get it back to 0 . 
  i have no idea , never had handheld console.but id presume that new one is best to start on as you dont have any attachment to first gen pokemon ? 
  12 that poor bastard must have died from that crash, 
  whats up with the shoes ? 
  is this reference to smth ? 
  14 damn no pizza , i have to drive my bike fast to buy some,
