  why are you here then ? 
  cool , thought skins only change the look . 
  why would n't he ? 
  he sounds like scooby doo when he says rubberaulic . 
  and even when most of the time you know what will happen , it still is great to see some empirical view of it . 
  up until recently we have not seem them in one room . 
  people eat everything . 
  you cheeky bastard !, 
  but you just defined what a tank should do . 
  aww, 
  that bed would be almost as big as my bedroom . 
  jetpack bears are a real problem in some places . 
  just frozen in afterseason fridge . 
  cat : it was going to be just a prank !, 
  so a giant worm is being hunted by lizard looking like a giant worm . 
  come on nature , where is your creativity ? 
  pretty sure you can turn off win8 updates . 
  as someone who uses 8.1 , it has no downsides compared to w7 . 
  main reason why i do not upgrade . 
  i sometimes run algorithms which crunch data for a day or more and this would fuck it up . 
  ( yes i know linux is an option for some people so please do n't write the usual reply ), 
  but you do realize that population converges to 0 if we do not have replenishing numbers ? 
  not only it means extinction it would also start trends of diminishing technological and scientific progress . 
  was she on a crosswalk ? 
  so basically they paid 60k for information . 
  the debt itself would be worthless without extortion ? 
  is n't this by definition theft and illegal ? 
  i still ca n't understand why it is allowed . 
  the banks who gave out those loans are the problem . 
  they knew its very likely they would not get the money back and they knew that they will be bailed out so they gave out loans to people who should not be loaned to . 
  sad ? 
  dude we are going to join him , hail hydra !, 
  4 hours is just for usual morning gw browsing routine . 
  even if you take bf and cod they will be slower than ow . 
  only quake probably would be more fast paced , maybe also ut . 
  nah , he has spacex pharah skin . 
  does the other head counts ? 
  is n't that one of the main point of pets . 
  easier to hit stationary target . 
  come on , after first 5 eels he started to enjoy it probably . 
  so between 5 thousand and 17 trillion years . 
  i checked if it was n't dust on my screen . . 
  fine , lets say 100 years . 
  maybe some type of ai became conscious and is collecting funds to take over the world trough creating all these patent troll companies and suing people ? 
  would explain why none of them had people in the offices . 
  is there any benefit in that for something like this ? 
  makes sense , a big portion of people already have them and new versions add very little for majority of consumers so eventually only small margin of people will buy upgrades every time new comes out . 
  ( have not read the article but i would imagine it states something like this . ), 
  damn , this is the best analogy for this type of comment , going to steal it . 
  ( also works to someone on skype who messages 1 word at a time ) . 
  actually lawyers are one of the very likely profession which will be replaced by `` ai `` s very soon . 
  well it is challenging to create a robust machine for this . 
  if it was not challenging we would have had them 10 years ago . 
  these ( i 'm assuming ) complex text mining machines usually have to be written for the task at hand and are not very universal . 
  so to do it correctly you have to have knowledge in law , mathematics and a bit computer science . 
  personally i have not worked with law documents but i have had some experience with text mining ( from more mathematical perspective ) and they are still often not robust enough even for simpler tasks if you are using current methods . 
  law documents usually have pretty decent structure and this is why it will be probably one of the first places where this will be developed , but we are still only on the starting steps ( well we do have some law firms hiring some type of law machines , but not too much info on that ) . 
  so why should correlations indicate something bad ? 
  well machine bias will also probably exist . 
  just the bias will probably exist due to inaccuracy not because of human behavior . 
  well it might be expected bias , but still unknown bias . 
  if it were to be just variance then everything would be fine and consistent . 
  flash spoiler : that would be earth-3 . 
  earth 2 had hunter zolomon pretending to be jay garrick . 
  there does not have to be one . 
  oh come on , it has been weeks since zoom got crushed by a fridge in the finale . 
  real world is already pretty shitty for majority of people . 
  he did not have enough grip so he just slipped . 
  yeah , for some reason i found her irritating too . 
  not too sure why though . 
  some games are just too bleak to hold a community . 
  seems like denuvo games have that in common . 
  yeah , there is that age gap between 50 and 80 where they are still too stubborn . 
  so , either we get the malware trough ads in order to read all those click bait biased and bought by corporations articles , or we can go do something better . 
  ca n't decide . 
  probably she is doing this for attention and not because she likes him . 
  a gun which fires ram ? 
  as long as it gets to my pockets i am fine . 
  you forgot education , labor laws and political systems . 
  i guess i will treat myself and get witcher 3 after the weekend . 
  just not sure whether to grab the expansion pass too . 
  years are universal , units of length are a bit complicated because of freedom units . 
  our goes to 100 . 
  everyone is getting fucked by someone . 
  elaborate . 
  i have a degree in statistics and i can say that with a certain probability what you said makes sense . 
  ( that probability might or might not be 0 ), 
  going to concert is not about listening to the songs , it is about the whole experience . 
  far better than what us has . 
  as long as the elephant was flapping its ears around they were fine . 
  getting hunted by poacher poachers as they should . 
  depends if you are bear grills or not . 
  well compare an elephant taking dump in your backyard and a squirrel . 
  the thing is that at the same time you can argue that you can just listen/watch the performance at home if you do not want other people disturbing you . 
  i guess it all comes down to what type of concert that is . 
  and i thought he was feeling better because of all the good videos he released in past few weeks . 
  this makes be sad . 
  i guess i will wait for steam sale since it would be a bit pushing my budget . 
  i would expect them to have similar discount and for now i still need to finish the 2nd one . 
  expansion pass gives the 2 expansions , the dlcs are free for witcher 3 as far as i understand .
