  i thought these molds would work differently . 
  now i am thinking about getting a mod where instead of khajiit you are a cat . 
  it probably exists . 
  cool song !, 
  tomorrowland , the idea is great , but it is a very badly executed and targeted at kids ( kinda had the spy kids vibe while watching it , and not the first one ) . 
  this looks like something what does more harm than benefits to your body . 
  but i am not an expert . 
  as if warcraft ( or more the dota ) community was not toxic . . 
  now i wonder how would they taste together . 
  plot twist : that 's his sister . 
  and they generate more profits . 
  solomon islands, 
  nah , it is flash frozen . 
  this was actually less gruesome than i thought , but damn , they eat turtles with the shell ? 
  that digestion system must melt rocks . 
  hopefully they will start unifying the content each country gets , because now it 's a bit ridiculous . 
  and `` oculus '' . 
  yea fuck this , we should only allow women and children in . 
  there are too many risks in inviting such a massive number of people . 
  yea and the majority of them are hard workers and contribute a lot ( sure there are those who just go to leech , but that is a minority ) . 
  first you need to stop being such a baby . 
  we upvote the commercials so that people could see our comments complaining about it being an ad . 
  `` hulk pounds ! '', 
  i just wish they would show elo number , sometimes it is hard to tell whether you are improving or not . 
  well you should have been here 16 hours ago . 
  now i am trying to remember , were those heating elements dangerous , how did they work ? 
  * scary . . but fun !, 
  definitely what i thought . 
  this one even got on / r/videos frontpage . 
  it could have been pants . 
  poor guy got abandoned by his friend again , and he even offered his wives !, 
  just in time for my retirement . 
  in bird law this is called forced adoption . 
  no no no dude , you got it reversed . 
  the bird is who adopted you , not vice versa . 
  what if it 's clown porn ? 
  iirc ending was not written by him ? 
  well it is kinda like a long movie divided into 8 parts ? 
  so whenever i use method of moments ( mom ) i have to pay mom corp ? 
  oh , i guess i got confused a bit . 
  oh neurotica , this show was so weird . 
  loved it . 
  adam west batman is the best batman . 
  well , you would need larger treadmill then , even fitting this one would be hard in a lot of apartments . 
  well the percentage of apartments with basement are small . 
  i think this washing machine broke , it only made one woosh sound . 
  ofc she is a lizard , not even a question at this point . 
  yea i have lone wanderer , which is almost as bad . 
  still not going to sell it ( unless i finally sell it by accident ) . 
  come on dude , he is having trouble with all the attention . 
  he did not know thousands of people will see him , just a simple scene anxiety . 
  guy looks like loves his job . 
  funny that in the actual video it does come out instantly after running inside the house . 
  you just need to go far enough for it to need to cross few roads in order to come back . 
  yea this was so weird to see in 2016 ... 
  why the hell does she just sit and tries to talk instead of going and taking that cat so it would calm down , or giving it food ? 
  earthquake simulator . 
  you are not drunk enough . 
  it looks like a good idea after a few drinks . 
  yea , you need to add up 3.5 m years worth of inflation . 
  after some time that $ 1 might not even exist . 
  well every band needs groupees . 
  it 's more hair than it is dog . 
  it 's some american magical mana . 
  things with it definitely does not taste as good as with sugar , but then again , i do n't like sweet things . 
  ahh , even now i remember seeing that shower scene as a kid . 
  genetically modified kittens to survive intense heat , duh . . 
  really want to watch it but damn 300 episodes . . 
  i do not want to repeat that time when i binged one piece . 
  but after i finish monster i will probably be bored enough . 
  well i am not a native speaker and never heard of it but it sounded fun little harmless rhyme . 
  what 's the point in being cynical about every single little thing ? 
  no one nose . 
  like it looked really fun , there was not a lot they needed to do to make playing it fun . 
  and then they obviously screw things over . 
  since fight club . 
  well i guess it is not too much harm , he can just get new glass globe and fill it up again . 
  nothing unfixable ? 
  one is not like the others . 
  look at her face , she knows what she is doing , pure psychopath . 
  come on dude , we all know that celebrities do not have real feelings !, 
  especially actors . 
  never realized they were considered dwarf hamsters , i thought all hamsters were that size . 
  that 's not my point , my point is that it is weird to see this still existing up to 2016 . 
  are there people who do not live in countries ? 
  if it was europe then it perfectly describes russian tourist groups . 
  they are often loud and their children are doing whatever they want . 
  but that 's just my bias observation , i am sure that majority of them are normal people . 
  damn never seen this with bp logo , this makes it way more funny !, 
  now that i read the structure of your comments , i am convinced that you do belong to that group . 
  tbh a lot of people who ca n't read or write might be smarter than you . 
  it is quite arbitrary way to define stupidity since not everyone has same background as you . 
  i think that that guy might be just a shitty troll . 
  username alludes to it too . 
  i think that it should be a rule to add flare with name of the game . 
  well math is interesting thing , depending on how you define the operation you can make 5/7 mean a lot of things . 
  source - i am working towards getting math related masters degree . 
  you are not talking about intelligence , you are talking about knowledge . 
  i would love to have enough space in my apartment for a treadmill so that i could get it in front of tv/monitor and whatch movies/tv series while running . 
  no you are completely wrong , today 's intelligence is not knowledge , it is ability to use it ( or ability to find it ) , most of the knowledge is just few clicks away .
