  the answer is 42 . 
  yea , from the info we have , bbc made the correct decision . 
  that still rarely is beneficial for consumer . 
  so match the people with most similar dna for a date ? 
  they are doing that because someone paid them to do so . 
  then put those into crematorium = profit . 
  it has issues and it was not really designed for gaming , new system focuses on gaming if i understood correctly . 
  i wonder who thinks that google would not consider that ... 
  energon , great brand name for energy drink , just need to figure out how to sell it to kids . 
  still would be illegal where i am . . 
  it does not even matter what the question is . 
  the best transformers !, 
  yes but here we have food industry , they will lower price by reducing costs , and they will do that ( and already do ) by reducing quality . 
  i 'd rather have them not do that . 
  it is still a dream , inception level of stuff in this comics strip . 
  a lot of the times when i read some usernames it feels like a dream , so many of them are too bizarre . . 
  well , at least you were honest . . 
  what cat is this ? 
  11/10 until vaccation . 
  probably still shitty profit margins , you would need tens of millions to get it out of it . 
  so if i would go to burma for vacation i should dig in some river for souvenir rubies ? 
  that is just a size of a decent sized city , now if we cover all building roofs with panels in several cities , we would get close to this.if we ignore cost and other logistics , it is possible . . 
  it 's the first time i 'm hearing this , and i surf til often . 
  that 's not the only thing which will pop in your head . 
  also the cost of licking the stamp . 
  my heart also goes to the family of the one who caused this , if this is true , it 's hard to believe how would they feel . 
  there is also the problem of being 100 % sure someone is not innocent . 
  `` they do not understand and know that this is what they actually want '' that 's how imagine they said . 
  it 's probably more than just depression , most of depressed people would probably not kill 150 other people . 
  well they ca n't travel in perfect vacuum . 
  beehaviour seems to be the best word for an article about this . 
  you know , lightning strike had affect on his mind . 
  depends on how it will be without them , time will show . 
  7th hole is left ear you filthy amateur . . 
  oh god . . 
  i googled the line to find the movie scene and first result gave me [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nck2pph2xnu ) ... 
  i am fucktons of confused now . . 
  i think the world does , the australians who still support him , does n't . 
  if only r were n't so slow , still best option for statistical research since it 's open source and free . 
  some of the music deserves to be killed . 
  it 's sometimes hard to sell to people the solution to the problem they do n't know they have . 
  can i fix my teeth before the job ? 
  so that when they are identifying my body they would be impressed how good my teeth are !, 
  strangers who stare at you being locked in a prison . 
  here in europe we use metric system , we are n't as progressive as you guys . 
  do n't forget all the future diseases when people density increases even more . 
  still a movie . . 
  maybe uranus , but not everyone anus . 
  who leave what ? 
  so it 's even bette than title suggests ? 
  op is terrible at clickbating . 
  it dies because of outdated industry , not because of piracy . 
  why ? 
  top gear most likely will run again , with different presenters and stuff , why would he lose his old job ? 
  i thought one direction was one of those overproduced boy bands , why would someone leaving would matter , they can easily replace him and their music will get 0 impact ? 
  question is why ? 
  passenger travel probably more efficient and cheaper with planes at those distances and cargo is more efficient and cheaper with ships , what 's the benefit for eu and us ? 
  you did n't forget that you ordered a chinese wife 3 months ago , did you ? 
  let 's hope they do n't do the same with happy meal . . 
  usually they think they are smarter than everyone , like i do . 
  they are from uk , i guess teenage girls are answer to every question there . 
  your poor children ... 
  yea , i kinda stopped watching wrestling when my favorite wrestler did a very very terrible thing to his family in real life . 
  that would help humanity . 
  russia responds with obvious `` no '' . . 
  in exchange for clean spirit they polite their body i guess , i 'm not an expert though . 
  does this mean that for gaming , less than 13 ping is irrelevant ? 
  get out of here with your peasant mentality . / s, 
  144fps master race . . ( even though my monitor ca n't handle it ), 
  well , maybe you are trying to see 60vs140 fps difference on a 60hz monitor ? 
  no , top gear is a bbc brand , and jeremy , james and richard version of it is not the first on bbc uk . 
  well i guess i need to move to iceland . . 
  op is 3 months old baby . 
  any meal is happy mean in africa . 
  they would just find another loophole . 
  they have tens of thousands lawyers for that . 
  what not to understand , a kid show persona . 
  i always knew patrick is going to start a cult . 
  koro-sensei has found some new powers and perfected shape shifting i see . 
  sounds like one of those nature loving vegans . 
  now i wonder what that note says , i bet its an insult . 
  they do look fun to ride and pretty good for exercise , i just wonder how you stop/start going with it without losing balance . 
  oh god , i laughed so much at this , i hope it actually happened because otherwise you are bundle of sticks , but still thanks for making me laugh . . 
  hey , at least you are not regarded , are you ? 
  such is life . 
  maybe steering is like in a rowboat ? 
  though doubt that . 
  what do you expect ? 
  9gag is peasant version of reddit . 
  this cat has been called ugly one too many times . 
  one of my favorite characters in dr.who !, 
  my laptop overheats often , i need something like this . 
  then she is pretty heterophobic !, 
  that would make too much sense . 
  i think its a good way to not only ask yourself the question , but also teach some people about it and raise awareness . 
  my laptop battery holds less then 5mins anyway . . 
  but yea , i was only joking , i need to figure out how to clean my laptop asap , i 'm just too scared to open it up . 
  if i could afford it i would , but probably cleaning my laptop would improve it enough for now . 
  the laptop used to be fine , it just started acting up few months ago , obviously its already a pretty old laptop , but i do n't really use it too much anymore , probably will to use it again when i will start my masters degree later this year , so i will clean my pc soon and format it . 
  yea , i 'm just waiting till i get all data from laptop onto pc since i plan on formating it , and then i will do it , easter holidays probably will give me enough time for it .
