  its ok , merkel is not hitler . 
  oh no , not the alerminaty !, 
  they ruined politics now they will ruin poe . . 
  so the people in power will hire body guards/mini armies and rise the prices of their goods . 
  beyond sounds tempting , but as i do n't have enough time and i 'm not good at the game ill probably be staying at rampage , its safer choice and the killstreaks sounds fun . 
  yes we do know , unless they will reveal some tempting rewards for killing the demons no1 will risk it , same as invasion bosses though with less random 1hit deaths . 
  as far as i understood its league bound . 
  i want more hellraiser movies : / despite how terrible some of the sequels were . 
  hmm , i dont think i saw the last one , but hell , it might be a torture . 
  i better watch the lepre-guy ones and chucky again . 
  this post reminded me of all the slashers i watched as a kid and want to see some again . 
  issues like this is why i will probably never emigrate to us , and my degree and skills would provide me a decent salary over there , but i 'm too used to having relatively free healthcare and decent laws regulating the corporations . 
  well do n't get me wrong , there are issues out here too , but i imagine that these are a bit more intelligent issues and something what is correlated not with the idea behind corporations trying to squeeze any money out of people . 
  what baffles me the most is the whole government system of us , it seems like its created for dynasties who have money and just change hands of leading the country every several years . 
  oh hell yea , i love the fact that guns are hard to get here . 
  the probability to get shot is close to zero . 
  sure you can get physically attacked , but at least you can outrun/outsmart attackers , you ca n't outrun a bullet . 
  i even used to participate in competitive shooting for a year or so , and i still dislike guns . 
  so im planning on making a build for my rampage bow ranger , so the 150 % i planned to find is ok for this ? 
  i never theorycrafted so i 'm quite confused where to start :( . 
  nice try , but not funny . 
  we ca n't know , information about it was not released . 
  yea , hype is hell of a drug . 
  well hey , its summer , so not that bad . 
  seems like they are made out of neutrino like substance . 
  seems like new meta build . 
  damn , the skin on them is pretty cool . 
  well since flasks are always on your screen its a nice decoration . 
  especially with a bit different flask ui art . 
  judging by your username i should warn both to use protection . 
  well not everything grows while on steroids , some things shrink . 
  so you mean those new usb ports which works both ways breaks physics ? 
  starbound also , i 'm pretty sure there are more alphas on this list , though i ca n't even care to put in much time to read it thoroughly . 
  yea , was not sure about ksp since its been selling for so long . 
  pretty much , that 's why they stole the pictures ( so that the company could replicate the bodies ) and clothes . 
  i wonder if this decision was because of creative choice ( judging by how creative transformers movies are i doubt it , still not seen last one ) . 
  i do n't know , heart problems will shatter it pretty fast . 
  they threw fruit so that he would n't eat them . . 
  lucky bastard . 
  are you a writer from mmorpg.com ? 
  did n't know kennedy used hammers . 
  the sun symbol is all over eastern europe pagan artifacts , though its oriented differently than swastika . 
  well there info ( forgot if it was forum or ign video ) , its vamped up league version mod for the map . 
  though i wonder , how good will the benefits be to justify the cost . 
  seems like standard people will be having some fun . 
  he is a cat so he moist have a lot of it . 
  seems like simcity again . 
  data mined things are not accurate . 
  hmm you got a point , at first i thought that they delivered just random mannequins for them to put clothes on , but the whole pictures thing would be out of place . 
  forgot that the prices did n't add up . 
  what i was thinking was that on w/e special day its going to be they were going to place clothed mannequins for every missing person in town at their houses . 
  nah balancing is pretty much impossible to get perfectly when there are so many skill interactions . 
  well that explains why i have no idea who he is . 
  it is , and im not even mad !, 
  ( at least its not robot unicorn song . . ), 
  / r/technology was worst , but they are changing quite nicely so there is promise . 
  i 'm planning on doing physical bow ranger , not sure what skills i will use though . 
  not sure how to share 1.2 build but its :, 
  this is my first build i ever made by myself so its probably shitty . 
  groupernado, 
  meanwhile his brother seems to have a carrier in cs in his future . 
  thats best case scenario , they can lose the leg if they slip and hit the toilet just the right way to make it break . 
  well in a lot of anime they like to joke around with this and not even hide . 
  you noticed this same post several months ago ? 
  well cool coincidence then , and its probably even different picture , but magic school bus for adults was there . 
  probably cant find the exact one , but searching magic school bus for adults get me to this http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/22yqtg/cosmos_is_just_an_adult_version_of_the_magic/, 
  meh probably first 5k or so will get into game instantly . 
  i wonder if devs will be nice and start servers early again . 
  well , for me the fact that i cant access options is more annoying , just installed the game into my new gaming pc yesterday and have n't ramped everything to max , i want the hi-def rain . 
  how many exalts for that spot ? 
  damn , i only got none of them . 
  yea necromancer waves made me fail my mission too , and just barely , had 2secs left and boom , they stole the jewels . 
  wow that looked so amazing that it seems fake . 
  seems like a cat had some fun . 
  yea i think ambush would have been a great hc league , and invasion could be reasonable softcore with a bit of tweaking . 
  gucci - master of pants, 
  hey , let the person feel smart . 
  some bored artist will see this and will invent his own art style by crashing cars . 
  since this is internet i will not lie , i succeeded at clicking it . 
  i 'm not british but i did watch a lot of british tv , so a lot of my english language style comes from british , so point 2 is correct . 
  and i do drink tea several times every day , though i already just drank it so point 1 is a bit off . 
  darn i guess i 'm not british . 
  is n't this pic old , like several years old ? 
  well russians have expected life average down to stalin era levels because of drug/alcohol abuse . 
  so it is already pretty stupid . 
  because even though its hard to imagine , there are a lot of people on internet who have n't watched this masterpiece of a movie , it 's 40 years old . 
  it would take too much time to do so . 
  i was wondering why haku wants to see me beaten so much . 
  at first i was confused because of friends window open ... 
  this would be pretty interesting and would make you plan on when to have the rampage so that you could kill bosses with it . 
  but yea rampage is a bit meh , i guess ambush just spoiled us . 
  you seem to be bad at tetris . 
  at least they mentioned what its all about , and thats the point of this trend . 
  ice bucket portal, 
  yea these guys are annoying . 
  and your point is ? 
  not as bad as having immortal necro rising stuff while you have to somehow hit the mob who protects him . 
  yea i am wondering if i will be able to kill her with bow ranger : /, 
  some of maps are probably a bit easier and less risky than docks and all those flame dogs . 
  well technically he was no exiled , just imprisoned .
