  i mean , some humans are definatelly leeches . 
  i believe channels censor fuck and other swear words purely to just be attractive to advertisers . 
  wanted to say velociraptor but remembered that they are very close to size of a chicken . 
  what do you mean heat death is meaningless ? 
  it is something what might happen to the whole universe ... 
  killing a leech or two will not even affect the ecosystem of your back yard . 
  i can comprehend heat death , which of my statements was incorrect ? 
  it is not ignorance , look at chernobyl and fukushima , both happened due to bad management and cost cutting , not to mention countless incidences in storing facilities . 
  when people see political system being fucked up every day the fear is not going to go away or be ignorant . 
  ok , that is not what i expected . 
  what do you even mean no one can comprehend heat death . . 
  it is a theory based on our current understanding of physics , there is nothing magical about it . 
  we do not know it it is true or not , but that does not mean we do not comprehend it . . 
  it is a bit weird to see factorio on this subreddit but it is definitely a great game , steals a lot of your time though . 
  and seems to have a decent modding community . 
  currently getting wrecked in labyrinth during those fights with my witch , though im lvl32 . 
  or with one of the easy builds , this is quite annoying when leveling , especially if you are inexperienced . 
  and since this is required for you in order to get ascendancy it is even more obnoxious . 
  losing progress when it is so long it is really really annoying . 
  not as cute as cyanide . 
  at least you would be the smoking hot in the group . 
  i quit csgo every day . 
  yea but that old guy was talking some random french nonsense and he had no patience to listen to someone looking down on him . 
  what is so strange about filming something interesting you found ? 
  and that would be copyright material how ? 
  yea i am skipping them with my witch , my build makes it impossible to deal with those bosses unless i am way overleveled . 
  which is sad , but poe was always catered like that at launches ( though this is harder than malachai at launch ) . 
  same was said at act4 launch . 
  they should do 1 week open beta leagues before launching these expansions . 
  when enough people will die off for infrastructure to break . 
  this is very close to doomsday scenario for our current version of society . 
  9gag is reddit with std . 
  that 's just an airbender . 
  people who use drugs sound rich . 
  i literally wtf out loud . 
  yeah ... fuck you op . . good thing here it happens on may ,, 
  i mean i am mathematician , but that does seems to fit in a week . 
  look at mister rich guy and all his fuel . 
  standard error of my estimate is a bit large , but it follows lln . 
  is this chat save new ? 
  his new show is kinda weird but he is pretty much the same on it now . 
  i never knew it would be a panel show . 
  not to mention a scary one . 
  not an usual spiderbro . 
  hmm so how many numbers we would need for mean error of planck length ? 
  northern ireland and scottland will be very interesting topics if brits decide to leave eu . 
  this has nothing indicating they have no fun . 
  still not as good as bad rats . 
  not even close , this guy has hair . 
  ah of course , this content is not available in your location . 
  i too for a second got very confused . 
  probably some voice changer . 
  imagine wiping your ass with those ... 
  yea god damn it . . we do n't go to the internet for facts . 
  yea , definitely how i remember it . 
  they are building a giant mega dome over the plant for a reason in chernobyl . 
  this is how the game would look like if i who has no experience in video game development would make one . 
  lets be honest , it probably is . 
  i mean , you cant really pass up opportunity of having hot french princes as your wife . 
  i kinda thought it was months ? 
  hard to figure out the timeframes in these series . 
  he 's just being our old crazy floki . 
  he probably wants to get away to some quest to attack far away land and get away from his wife . 
  would n't gas be better to environment than the cars using diesel and gasoline ? 
  probably coal is more problematic in this argument . 
  it really is one of the worst things you could burn . 
  oh did not notice they only take co2 values . 
  would be interesting to see other pollutants being taken into calculations . 
  does all of this show that powerplants in singapore are quite inefficient ? 
  they think you are pesky millennial . 
  now i have to find new plans for afternoon . . 
  i guess its back to using thermite on ice . 
  be my sponsor . 
  well your standards were pretty big mate . 
  real life textures are also that low . 
  and i thought my parents had issues . 
  this video makes me appreciate how normal my parents are . 
  did not know jabba could use force !, 
  so he is just grading the papers ? 
  why did they leave the variables with high p-values ? 
  i bet you can make a basket with this or maybe even a bottle . 
   ( loosely ) any unmanned aircraft or ship that is guided remotely :, 
   a radio-controlled drone . 
  probably this fits better , same source . 
  i think it was part of the joke for it to be that silly . 
  and a pinch of trying to start your car after a very cold winter night . 
  well this is the 3rd ip man , so he is the grandson . 
  this confused me very much too . . 
  but then i read the article and it covers this . 
  i thought it would be jay garrick . . 
  they will go to space !, 
  they could just take out supernatural and replace it with hellblazer . 
  wolf 's rain . 
  damn he was going to inject at least 2 marijuanas . 
  it 's self aware !, 
  ah , the dalek s6 , what a great phone . 
  i put about 50hrs my first week , this game is meth . . poor guys do not realize how having that green bottle setup will hurt them . 
  they have good amount of trees surrounding them , so it might take some time . 
  first attacks will be weak anyway . 
  worth getting on no fly list ?
