  to find out about the game without throwing money into it ? 
  now lets watch darude - sandstorm . 
  well when you have to fight at two fronts with minimal army you have no choice . 
  that looks like professional work so obviously they used pet-safe paint . 
  shit like that seems to be expensive and people who spend that much money on their pets usually cares about their health . 
  who cares , older one is still a repost , since this is old . 
  tbh , i have n't seen it in several months . 
  i could agree on books , but the point is that it takes too much space to hold a decent amount of it . 
  once you have more than 50 or 100 books it gets complicated to organize and find space for them , though we do have libraries so you do n't need to buy them . 
  and we still get in the problem of portability , i can fit an ebook reader in my coat pocked and read it on a bus , but with a real book it 's not as easy . 
  there are tests and experiments in econometrics , and it usually can give valuable information and not just guess-work , your blatant economical ideology is quite old and its not quite up to date to modern econometrical/economical science . 
  it is not and exact science , but no science is in reality exact , physics is full of empirical approximations . 
  squalor ? 
  i though you were gone !, 
  `` brain dead '' , so is the trick in vegetables ? 
  woosh ? 
  nah , i mean his `` i love you too '' was a joke response to the fart . 
  not only other people 's socks , but their parents , and the parents only mad about not washing it . . so much cringe in this situation . 
  flux capacitor . 
  get out . . 
  i suggest you to not touch his loot . 
  to be honest , it is still a mistake to not leave a bigger gap . 
  this sounds like it could end terribly wrong , though as i see the ore is mined from few other countries in bigger quantities or i 'm not reading it right ? 
  it seems like most of owls brain is used to interpret visual information as well as it could ? 
  pretty much none of things you mentioned will happen , except maybe espionage , but it was not that big of a deal . 
  and custom civs is kinda happening with new way of sending your colony . 
  was n't 1404 out just before a lot of downhill trend in ubisoft started ? 
  thats why im waiting for release , less tease . 
  pre-order bonus is pretty much useless anyway . 
  yep , he knows she will have to repopulate the colony . 
  well knowing that they had civ assets to play around in creating the game , it should not be as bad as civ launch , since they have the code after big issues was fixed . 
  there is a futurology branch which indicates that this is the next evolutionary step in social interaction . 
  what words are the confusing ones ? 
  those medical terms seems like they are obvious . 
  you just need to make yourself sound like you are rotting from inside . 
  did you also say `` you have been a bad girl '' by accident ? 
  no im not smarter than anyone , its just a knowledge anyone should have about basic medical procedures . . 
  i could understand why there is a small percentage of people who does not know what they are , i 'm pretty sure i do n't know some of the general knowledge because of where i live and how old i am . 
  but its surely something majority would know . 
  oh , in my language it sounds the same so i thought it is international term , where are you from ? 
  scientist , it was repeatedly said that we wo n't have all techs researched so i have to try and achieve that . 
  nah , i completely understand that there is no practical use in getting all techs . 
  damn , i have n't even thought about that . 
  he knew when googlecar is coming and waited to drive his awesome car once for everyone to see . 
  i did n't choose this jar of dirt , the jar of dirt chose me . 
  now i have a jar of dirt !, 
  ftfy * tagged fishunidan *, 
  oh god how many games i lost because of rebels screwing up my cities . 
  its super power because the people who hold most of the wealth ( midclass/upper-midclass and up ) are happy . 
  and people who does n't hold the wealth thinks they eventually be wealthy and happy so they do nothing . 
  nah it will be a channel where they put a camera with motion sensors outside their offices just to film seagulls 24/7 and upload video once there is 20mins of seagulls filmed . 
  friendly nigerian prince also asked for some money for oil . 
  someone who studies math/statistics i can concur that above statements are not wrong . 
  it would not be internet that i know if i would not insult someone by writing anything . 
  were you on that historical `` go on '' chain ? 
  `` hump & cum : hot fuzz '', 
  thats not oranges silly . 
  penis does n't care . 
  op lives in a porn i guess . 
  it 's np mate , you are just kissing your ass . 
  but your point makes no sense , you are giving your negative opinion about peoples opinion about beauty . 
  it she is not attractive for you it does not mean she is not attractive , it just means that you have different opinion . 
  so whats there to not understand . 
  tons of things around ww1 and ww2 times , history was focused on very major events so it was easier to hide something dark . 
  just how many times does this happen for driver to have a bat in an easily accessible place . 
  what is this speed force you keep repeating ? 
  it 's speed force , duh . 
  is there a good comics series about bizzaro universe ? 
  never had comics as a kid ( its not a thing here ) so now trying to find what to read . 
  so creepy cashier ? 
  i would assume that they could also make his consciousness hop to new body when he dies . 
  no . . we also fear of the economical impact which it could have if its out of control in africa , we also fear it mutating and screwing up things even more , we also have people who care about others and dont want to see people suffering when they can help . 
  there are so many reasons to worry about it even if it does n't spread in eu/us . 
  yes fear is of self interest , but interest is not related to being afraid to get sick from it . 
  we may not have reasons to fear getting it , but we do have reasons to fear its impact . 
  it will have global affect even without spreading outside of africa . 
  yea i did n't use fear in that part where i described emphatic behavior . 
  i also do n't know why i used fear at all , i was referring to his first part of post . 
  also what is ecaf since google provides weird results . 
  sitting here watching 10 times and still laughing . 
  i 'm still confused how it works , do n't color blind people have some parts in eye missing which capture and interpret one of 3 colours ? 
  so how would they manage to see it with help of glasses ? 
  i kinda enjoy the new ui , though seeing and using might be two different things . 
  i think it might be quite more than double ? 
  i do n't think it goes that easy linearly . 
  well the thing is , stories tend to always blow out of proportion in media , you would not believe how much stuff is written here in lithuania about russian ukrainian conflict without any proof . 
  thats why i tend to read bbc or some other foreign news where they state exactly how reliable sources they had . 
  no , without windows is ok . 
  my theater also have had ridden of student discounts , but a month ago they brought it back and its now 1 $ cheaper !, 
  i hope they will do some other games from time to time , not a fan of wow so its not as fun to watch . 
  not that there is anything wrong with wow videos . 
  thats why he has explosives , he levels the building and then drives truck to take the box . 
  as far as i saw , having high positive health replaces golden ages , it gives some nice bonuses . 
  0 is 1000 times less than 0 , trust me , i study math . 
  do n't worry , no one does . 
  what is this about ? 
  would you like to own one sphinx sized teddy bear or 100 teddy bear sized sphinxes ? 
  proof are in the standards , mean bmi of models is in lowest tier in normal range , so even if you have normal bmi you probably will be `` too fat for modeling '' but there is no way you are fat . . 
  all his work is staged , he is kinda teaching safety through his humor vids . 
  yea as i though , no point in discussing something with ignorant people .
