  apparently , in the end , lannisters always shit bricks , apparently . 
  yea its tempting to grab civ , but fuck it , i have some games to spend time untill christmas or whenever it goes on sale . 
  if there is no dogshit on the sidewalk its not worth it . 
  lots of intellectuals emigrated to siberia back in ssrs days , so might be multicultural location relevance maybe ? 
  is n't adderall with amphetamine ? 
  latvia is small young and pretty poor ,, 
  well in lithuania we have a lot of planes from all over nato , they are not our , but hopefully protecting us . 
  no other way to expect and defend ourselves from russia when we are so small and they are unpredictable . 
  well yea thats a nice tactic but we have problems in doing that . 
  well nazi germany offered the help and that did n't end very well . 
  what do you mean hard work . . we ca n't afford to do what you expect us to do , we have very little of any resources and economic war with russia is destroying a big part of our export making it even harder , all we can do is boost our education and with that we can produce something we can with nothing underground - intelligent people . 
  so does yeti use reddit now ? 
  i 'm always impressed how grandmas deal with shit like this nicely . 
  i hope that i will be too , but when i think , after living for 80 years and trying to be nice to people , i will just stop giving a fuck because for my last few years i 'll decide to see how the dark side looks . 
  in the same logic isis news are old news ? 
  so people should make news like `` the sun is still shinning '' , '' the leader of russia is still putin '' and etc. . ? 
  those few occasions where you produce good movies/tv-shows . 
  yea i always forget to q an item before linking : /, 
  lithuania is in eu for 10 years so its not exactly new , it is also in schengen and will definitely have euro in several months . . do n't talk about things you do n't know about and you will not need to be given a break . 
  what ? 
  europe and eu are a bit different . . and you are generalizing all non-european people knowledge about europe by your understanding of our continent , that 's way beyond ignorant . 
  yea historically russians tried to quite a few times destroy lithuanian language and now they say we are harming them by just not letting street names be in russian and similar stuff . 
  thanks for kind words , i hope that all foreigners are getting treated like you are when they come to visit/live . 
  if you are just giving them away to people with low history knowledge , can i have one ? 
  he uses reddit , surely he is on it for a while now . 
  i had a bad feeling that start of next gens will be tough for video game quality , look at watch doge , now destiny ( at least they did n't port it ) , i 'm a bit out of gaming news cycle this year but i 'm sure there are more similar cases . 
  wait he has something against judaism ? 
  embrace who you are , we all are awesome people !, 
  i ca n't even imagine what must have went through his head to give that remark while being in your stated situation . . 
  yea i just never heard anything about mel gibson for several years so his antisemitism is news to me . 
  read what he said . . 
  it is not illegal to ride outside bike lane . 
  well he was crowned . 
  it was a pretty weak attempt , but still funny . 
  what about next gen ? 
  are n't gov the ones who supports anti-net neutrality since they get payed ( `` contributed '' ) from corporations for that ? 
  that kid seen some shit . 
  yea , i could only hope that she just intentionally waited for them to litter , maybe out there you do n't need to wait for long . 
  wanted to ask what song that is but i know what answer i will get . . 
  damn this was very interesting to listen , love people who can attract your attention so nicely . 
  squidnado vs rain of whales, 
  its a bit weird to see people not knowing that troops do other things than just shoot guns at people and fight . 
  because you actually doubt what you say and still post it instead of looking it up , you are the dumb one . 
  damn there must be a lot of autistic people in aus . 
  i mean it is an area ( not sure if thats how i should call it in eng ) of wavelengths its not like it just cuts of after each colour . 
  it gradually changes and anything in between any colour you name could still be called a different colour ? 
  even if we disregard all the colours we cant see with our weak little eyes there still must be infinite number of wavelengths . 
  partially because of benefit , but also because a lot of people is getting payed in `` envelopes '' ( does this metaphor translate ? 
  were n't there a stories about how a lot of german businesses are being bought up by chinese billionaires ? 
  damn , people in us must have been more secretive about it . 
  well its probably mathematically called countable set of infinite colours , so you probably could name them all if we talk technically . 
  quick , someone gift pope an actual jet , we need to one up that orthodox . 
  pretty much , every sailing ship i sailed with had compass like this and some had other applications for this mechanism also . 
  i prefer using vuvuzelas . 
  yea they do , but i think not all mortals can afford it . 
  well i just decided to get 280x instead of getting ssd and weaker card . 
  next buy after i get monitor will be ssd , some time in distant future . 
  would love to try out prison architect . 
  luckily i 'm not overclocked so i do n't need to throw money into cooling . 
  would n't that make that teen psychologically sick and he should be put into mental institution ? 
  at that price its probably cheaper to do it on rampage . 
  how can you go more `` extreme '' than that . . 
  yea or you could teach math to people ^ need ^ something ^ more ^ recent, 
  i 'm really confused about all these bs in american football , what happened now ? 
  is this the one who hit his wife in a lift ? 
  damn . . i guess people are assholes , especially when they are full of testosterone . 
  and honestly its a pretty great sub , a lot of people there are actually nice and joins discussions , mods are n't too terrible and overall content is pretty funny for people who likes that humor . 
  apples are fruit not people you silly man . 
  i do n't know , i can say mississipi pretty fast . 
  thats pretty much how a lot of people react to any satire . 
  i remember playing it on friends pc back when it just came out , its a great game and you will enjoy it probably , i will get it myself as soon as i buy new divinity during whatever sale it will get . 
  meanwhile why transistor did n't get any discounts ? 
  he might not write perfect books but he does read a lot of them , and that makes him capable of knowing good fiction . 
  i had one reciting mcdonalds menu during warmup non-stop . 
  never gon na let you down, 
  meh , i 'm ok with waiting , playing poe and cs and when divinity os goes on sale i will have game to play for probably months . 
  joined for fun, 
  yea , well not exact menu obviously , but just spewing out anything what mcdonalds sells , i think that guy just wanted to go one step more from usual `` obama hamburger '' . 
  exact menu would be tricky without any mcdonalds open . 
  i would probably not recognize it even if he did , last time i was in mcdonalds was a year ago . 
  meh , mcdonalds is a bit expensive ( i do like the taste ) , its cheaper for me to get other things . 
  thats the thing , they are probably trying to provoke nato countries , they will most likely not do too much of an aggressive approach towards baltics if they ca n't justify it more than just `` saving russian people from fascists '' , thats why they are trying to provoke them by these small incidents like arresting that estonian person or seizing lithuanian ship . 
  `` a light at the end of your tunnel '' damn this made me laugh . . 
  probably nothing out of ordinary , whats the point in messing with sleeping people . . 
  a lot of do 's and do n'ts depend on the country you are visiting , especially if you compare italy to something like netherlands or estonia . 
  and the last point is pretty much why there is so much `` hate '' towards them , they are inexperienced and did n't fully know what they are doing . 
  also the whole `` we have money for 9 years '' is a bit weird , if you have that much money why not try and slowly integrate few more devs ( i know they did , but was n't that because some of original devs left ? ), 
  it feels that they are now just trying to rush the product and just patch up all issues without using any reliable threads or trying to invest money they got into the game developement . 
  i guess thats why he is teaching and not doing research ( not implying that it applies to all teachers ) ? 
  280x here , can max pretty much anything but my monitor is limiting me . 
  ( i hope its monitor and not card whats causing issues ) . 
  r.i.p in pieces gnome, 
  yep , and with that kind of thinking it would be really hard to get a phd . 
  yea i wrote it in a hurry and do n't fully know what i was thinking , overall its the whole 9 years of development worth money made it sound weird . 
  if they have so much of it why not invest it back into developing the game . 
  i get it , they maybe wa n't to use part of the money in other projects i guess , but i kinda feel that it is not what the meaning behind croudfunding is . 
  i guess thats true , this is just their strategy , personally i have n't played the game for quite some time and will not play it anytime soon , just patiently waiting for it to be finished . 
  yea and i think there are 5 races ? 
  but cant you get hydro-peroxide in pharmacy stores ? 
  love how the last part is with no mistakes . .
