  i need 100 of them and i would take over the world with tiny falcon army . 
  yea , but imagine earth 34 , where everything comes into reality . 
  not just any wizards , but robot wizards !, 
  fighting swarms with drones . 
  they are looking for coca-cola , they were promised a ton of it for those commercials . 
  juicy sweet cunt ... like seriously , i googled jsc and still not very helpfull . 
  i think that usually you get fucked before your looks go . 
  first time seeing it , and i spend a lot of time here . 
  so what was the problem in forging it , was it temperature or the properties of carbide ? 
  and at the cost of a lot of innocent lives , like a true russian way . 
  do you really think helping asssad and bombing innocent people will stop people going off to join organizations like daesh ? 
  it will have an opposite effect in the long run . 
  yea but the difference is that one number is from autumn of 2014 and another is from 2015 . 
  the thing is we do n't know , both of these geopolitical sides are not doing anything beneficial , who is doing more harm is impossible to tell since we do not know how much isis targets got actually destroyed or whether those were civilians at all . 
  but rash russian actions only creates more doubt at their accuracy of hitting military targets . 
  i will blame the fridge . 
  more variables often means more bias , usually you to some extent adjust it by boosting , but still there is no mathematical/statistical basis on this . 
  i am sure these algs nsa use are a bit different but at the end they are just the same , data driven with little statistical significance . 
  the synth dlc seems pretty interesting , might get that since the price will be similar to season pass price . 
  will check it out , thanks for giveaway !, 
  santa had better days before going off to be a `` reporter '' . 
  you do n't even have control over this once you read the title . 
  i am going to watch you film them , because that makes me tingly . 
  either we are going to have zombie apocalypse or that homelands man was radioactive and op will be a hero known as bum-man . 
  i think he is more of a cunt . 
  heck instead of buying and playing i just watched someone play firewatch and i do n't think i would gain anything by playing it now . 
  ( playing talos principle anyway , this game really frustrates me sometimes ), 
  that 's almost a cent !, 
  or evolution of dance ? 
  classic youtube stuff is great . 
  they are expensive anyway , you are lucky . 
  not as lucky as my parents were when i was a kid . 
  though i only asked for them during easter . 
  i think that the youtuber also added a bit of entertainment to it too ( it was sips , so hilarious as always ) . 
  well from my experience on csgo on eu servers , if you talk english - you are american for russians . 
  because they were checking if you know the song and not if you know the name of it . 
  heck i could recognize countless songs like that , but naming them would be tough , mainly because i do n't listen to pop . 
  the hell ? 
  that was just too random . 
  this video was a bit confusing , where i live the big mac meat would look quite a bit better ( very much the same like in the video of the cook teaching it ) . 
  why does this meat look different ? 
  this should be default gif when something is loading . 
  for once , brains were used in the video !, 
  knowing what videos they make this is pretty accurate . 
  the point is that majority of these accidents happen on crosswalks , and when you are learning to drive you are taught that if you get close to crosswalk you slow down enough to be able to stop instantly if someone is crossing , if you are not sure or ca n't see you stop and then continue to drive when you see that it is clear . 
  they used to be quality , now they are definitely not . 
  it is easy , you reduce the sample and increase the confidence intervals . 
  or mute the playback and mic in vent . . 
  they would deserve it at price which covers the cost of extraction , transportation and refinement . 
  it would still be dirty cheap ( assuming they would refine it in the country ) . 
  oh wow , i just bought it during the chinese new year sale , that was lucky . 
  was planning on getting all ss games at next sale , now i will need to think more/get key elsewhere . 
  honestly , i would be happy with that . 
  another dlc like that would make season pass worth getting before price hike . 
  seems like rushing vents is now very easy ? 
  not to mention now there are safer places to get on the site after doing it . 
  too sexy , ca n't take it anymore !, 
  well you can pay to win in poe too . 
  it always looked more or less like that . 
  they do make visual improvements but nothing major that you would see it very differently like that . 
  `` hey let that furry bob do an ad for us ! '', 
  yeah , you probably can easily have beer evenings in your schedule ( maybe not every evening , it also makes beer evening better if you do it rarely ) by just removing other sources of that intake . 
  starting exercise is never too late , it is hard first week or two but then you start enjoying it and it for some reason makes you happy after working out . 
  the good thing for us skinny people who do n't eat a lot , we do n't really need to change the diet too much , we usually even need to add more food ( and usually you want to add something what compliments the workouts ) . 
  skip 1 and do the rest . 
  nah its just killer whale furry trying to mate with that weird metal human . 
  he realizes that there are millions of suckers who buy the ticket and only one wins 1m . 
  guy gets owned over and over and then writes `` stop trying '' . . hunter is not trying mate , he is succeeding . 
  dude tag it as nsfw , we are seeing naked calculators !, 
  like seriously , the boss might be way way worse of than op or his co-workers after this . 
  it is 50/50 which way it will go . 
  me too , heck i play a lot of board games and funny crap like that happens all the time , even with not so rp oriented games . 
  technically you can do the same in gw2 , it usually takes some time to farm up gold , but you can get anything by converting gold to gems . 
  are you that famous guy from an obscure 90s tv show ? 
  at this point i am almost sure that he must have some kind of mental illness . 
  like his interactions with people are just too bizarre . . 
  i am not psychologist so i can not be certain on something i have not studied for long time . 
  hey man , it is not environmentally friendly !, 
  did not work for my msi 280x , then again it is 1 year old so probably that is the cause for this . 
  `` i am le after update , fnatic hire me plz ! '', 
  at least we are not f2p so we do n't get toxic kids . ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  zoro is that you ? 
  still best place to surf while drinking . 
  nope , they are definitely kidding . 
  no one is that stupid . 
  fallout new york sounds pretty awesome . 
  his mum divorces trump , gets half of the fortune , marries op 's dad and op is rich . 
  now i am trying to figure out if he knew what would happen and did it for the views or he actually thought this is how you fill it . 
  neither of these 2 scenarios grant him a lot of intelligence . 
  huh i am not a smoker , but handled few of friends zippos ( hey it is fun lighting it ) and none of them smelled odd . 
  i think he might get some serious burns because his fingers must have been covered in fluid . 
  why is 4 $ rare ? 
  was it some novelty one mint tried to push but it did not pick up ? 
  coin value went from 10k to 10.00001 k during this video . 
  because it will not look great in non-tech demo situation . 
  even in demo it looks quite fake . 
  it will take a few years to polish and it is hard to tell if anyone will cover the cost . 
  puns rarely translate to other languages and remain puns . 
  you really have some weird family bbq 's which fits the story . 
  op could have at least lied to us ... now he disappointed us .
