  also people from us seem to be worse at the games . 
  i think you watched the p0rn version . 
  i think the video of this is worth more than him losing the phone . 
  yea , other penguins around me are just too weird . 
  no wonder people have fear of them , it is all rational . 
  the question is not the problem , the way it was presented what is getting him downvoted . 
  seeing this moment - priceless , 20 years of therapy - 20k, 
  no thats not nitpicking , that is being socially intelligent . 
  i have no idea how much it costs since i live where healthcare is covered by taxes . 
  well lets round it up to 40mins each month , would that be not enough ? 
  do people usually see therapists more frequently ? 
  it is actually pretty cool , they fit a lot of things in that little thing . 
  so what you want to say is that we are actually all stuck in the dreamworld ? 
  it would be too horrible , mines which give you papercuts all over your body ? 
  who are you again ? 
  as someone who makes pizza at home , it would cost ~ 2eur for ingredients on one large pizza ( ca n't say exact , but basically cheese and any meat stuff you put pretty much takes all the chunk ) . 
  i live in a country where things are probably cheaper , but then again a pizza restaurant would also get some better deals ? 
  but it 's me , your brother !, 
  yeah , not googling this . . 
  i study math , this basically makes me feel like i am on a wrong planet . . 
  that 's one very very slow death . 
  was he gay ? 
  main reason behind most of stupid shit . 
  i would give you gold , but then again , my attitude towards people is not that generous . 
  why ? 
  this deserves it 's own subreddit , / r/thingsbacca, 
  new one could include not just things which sound like chewy but also the ones which looks like one , like ops mum . 
  that is obviously a genetically modified bunny . . 
  so since he is bald he cant get stronger ? 
  took bullet to the knee ? 
  latvia has 3 tanks and a stock of potatoes for ammunition , you ca n't just declare war to a superpower like that . 
  tesla wheels ? 
  it is always chad . 
  even when it is not chad . 
  so influx of unranked people to lem incoming !, 
  yesterday had 2 very sketchy matches , i wonder if anyone got banned . 
  but you can get the 50 % off with keys any day in the year . 
  so if i just got to lem last week i can shoot for pro team by the same math ? 
  or flying in middle east . 
  or on tinder . 
  this is weird law , is it for any new cars ? 
  what if the car is made in some terribly shitty quality ? 
  bendable laminated paper-like phones and tablets . 
  because he is a happy swan , duh . . 
  one of the best match in this competition . 
  hopefully we will get few more like this . 
  30 minutes into netflix and chill . . 
  imagine this on a fat man . 
  wait until you meat the crazy cat lady . 
  yeah , seems like they ran out of juice with new season . 
  tbh , being an engineer does not prevent you from being a dumb fuck . . 
  this is the best knife throwing i saw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax5h0e2fs60 , really puts the assistant on the line of life and death . 
  no ... stop it ... 
  i already fucking binge watched would i lie to you ? , i do n't need more really funny british stuff to get me addicted . 
  yea also having this ( but win 8.1 , r9 280 frazor ) , had same problem several months ago . . 
  you mean reddit wolf ? 
  part of k9b . 
  fucking headache and anxiety !, 
  you are a weird one , if i did have an option of netflix without vpn i would take it instantly . . 
  november is first month of christmas . 
  same thing . 
  great hangover and 0 fucks to give . 
  back in the old days black friday purchases were quite a bit different . 
  come on people . . you are not even trying . . 
  this meme would work if you put an effort into your joke . 
  he is more than that , he is pirate god !, 
  or maybe [ spoiler ] ( #s `` the way they will use dragon balls to revive law '' ) ? 
  with his eyes blacked and face centered he looked kinda like roger . 
  lol ... op that is kinda a bit dark . 
  having a side bitch is still not cool !, 
  if they did they would n't be endangered !, 
  yea , that 's was affordable education will do . 
  and she is probably earning quite a nice sum from them . . world is unfair . . 
  i think that if you are smart then coming up with stuff as stupid as this can be a bit too hard of a work . 
  can we also pay in 1995 prices ? 
  it 's not terrible , it is brilliant in its own weird way !, 
  what if chain snaps ? 
  someone knifed everyone so fast that 128tick did not register . 
  because it is situational , half of the time you will get treated better , half of the time you will be treaded badly , it averages out so there at the end might not be any difference . 
  be friendly and you will have more chances of being treated like a human being . 
  probably some random accidents where if the workers would have been trained properly by their corporations ( and if other safety mechanisms were in place ) it would not have happened . 
  just paid pr to help corporations to not be seen as bad as they really are . 
  i am more keen on calling a corporation , which tried to cover up climate change and put up fake research , terrorists ( though it might be some new term , since the key for them is not to cause terror ? 
  that is my point . 
  the real percentages will depend on how you treat others . 
  ( effects may vary depending on age ), 
  would n't it come up with the cards which are sold overclocked ? 
  like twin frazor and similar variations ? 
  especially something as pointless as rubix cube . 
  the fun is doing faster and faster and then with your eyes closed and etc. 
  but in reality , little fun if you are not interested . 
  they often still have internal organ damage , but probably nothing too bad if you get them to the vet fast . 
  spelling is the 2nd most pointless thing !, 
  what is 75 % of 0 tolerance ? 
  how the hell does this work !? 
  they have advantage over us normal people !, 
  no , he is masscist !, 
  explains the earthquake !, 
  it would be the best outcome here for me , if zeref does n't die after natsu using epic power his dead father left which he can use only once , then we are going to have some other type of dumb plot power up . 
  natsu would use up his power but they would still need to deal with the army which has quite a few powerful people .
