  they fell to the ground , do i start digging ? 
  it is one weirdest thing about us so far . 
  would shit like this be even legal in eu ? 
  op is literally hitler . 
  i bet you have certain ways to warm him up mr.hitler . 
  imagine the kids . 
  yea , pretty much almost everyone was reasonable in this video except for the host , like wtf ? 
  he changed a lot in past year . 
  if we look at how he looked in the flash he a bit more out of shape . 
  i never realized the lightsaber props had an actual blade . 
  always thought it was done in post editing . 
  never occurred to me that it would have been very hard task to do even when i 've seen it long time ago . 
  hydraulic press vs red hot ball of plutonium . 
  hello mister american . 
  no , this is perfection . 
  i approve of this only if we get thanos dance montage in eventual movie version of this . 
  this is stupid enough to be entertaining . 
  hopefully it 's 598 , was too lazy to do the math for probabilities so screw it . 
  well they can make fake meat stuff , though chicken wings would probably be too much work to bother . 
  whoever made this probably finally had some fun designing labels . 
  all that without a brain , impressive . 
  really depends on the time . 
  those 15billions in rome can be worthless . 
  what if you killed everyone more athletic than you ? 
  the thing is if it was at one of the unstable periods of rome that wealth can easily disappear . 
  i think that if majority of human population would die , he would be the last suspect . 
  now i imagine how jurassic park would look if all dinosaurs had trunks . 
  op obviously staged this for karma , but still funny . 
  maybe during his eventual trial . 
  i mean , it is really odd that he starts so many weird and destabilizing office appointments , flames on his allies and etc which is causing a lot of market volatility , he must know what he is doing and that is pretty scary to think about . 
  why would it matter in this context ? 
  at least brits are used to queues , they will be able to stand last when negotiating for trade deals . 
  are you just trading or buying silver for particular reasons ? 
  ugh there is a horrible arc in full metal alchemist where one crazy alchemist was experimenting with some stuff and fused his daughter with his dog intentionally . 
  very creepy thing came out of that . 
  well technically you can also get them for free . 
  i have similar idea but lens is large and instead of pepe it would incinerate several continents in order to write `` send nudes '' . 
  ca n't really be surprised that people in iceland are chill . 
  that is clearly ghetto spoiler to increase grip during winter . 
  looks like soft snow , just push it . 
  and because of it we should n't secure our borders ? 
  of course we broke away , russia was destroying our culture and language , sending our educated people to siberia and etc. 
  breaking away from occupation is a reasonable thing . 
  are you delusional ? 
  completely different things , people in crimea were not oppressed . 
  no they did not . 
  none of them expressed any interest before britain explains what their plan is . 
  just as soon as i saw india among those 11 it was clear that this was a bullshit list . 
  this is article from june , since then a lot of those countries expressed concerns due to lack of clarity . 
  someone already provided a source on other country . 
  but this meeting talked in https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/nov/06/india-warns-uk-immigration-policy-wreck-post-brexit-trade-deal did not go well with india . 
  there was a few more recent articles in the economist i believe , but ca n't be bothered to search trough the issues to find the articles . 
  does it not bother you that all the articles you yourself posted were from 6 months ago ? 
  nothing will completely stop the smugglers . 
  the idea is to make it harder and slower , this allows better chances of capture and overall decreases impact on economy . 
  so 2 years , hence being at the back of the queue . 
  you had no trouble because you were a part of eu . 
  most of negotiating power came from that . 
   anyway you 're not interesting enough to engage with , i 'm done with you, 
  with these type of arguments he must be politician . 
  heck , there are free ios apps . 
  you people are odd . 
  why not collect feces like normal people ? 
  we barely know what portions of dna are responsible for what traits . 
  that was not the point of hgp . 
  have a beer with . 
  damn that is a great analogy . 
  well musk probably has less stress about having time/money to make sure they grow up fine . 
  he does actually kinda fit the looks of cable . 
  and he is a good actor so this might work out very well . 
  maybe your eyes just got dry from all computing . 
  the most important question is how does it feel while masturbating . 
  might be worst kind of death grip . 
  you sound like every cs i 've met . 
  no idea how that mistype happened . 
  they annexed a part of other country , they are warmongers . 
  nah , they just saw too many 1000 degree knife videos . 
  heck i do n't have fear of heights but sometimes while climbing stairs if they have a big open middle part ( not sure how to call this ) i will feel very uneasy . 
  this is weirdest fear . 
  ah good old russian whataboutism . 
  yea , the mexico thing was terrible . 
  it is just slightly annoying that things like that are used to dismiss russian actions . 
  but it does not make what they are saying incorrect . 
  how is endless legend if i would only play it single player ? 
  also what dlc are worth it ? 
  it has tempest . 
  here in northern europe you think about how cold it is and just decide outside world is not worth the effort . 
  it is odd how russia with all the rich natural resources can be so low . 
  after a day like that you are prepared for anything . 
  this should be illegal . 
  too risky to click . 
  purple bugger alarm . 
  i thought his plan was to make the greatest warming , the best warming and take the control over climate back from china ? 
  i always wondered , how do they explain all the water disappearing ? 
  just because you remove couple of very toxic subreddits it does not make it heavily curated . 
  all politics aside , thanks for being here . 
  ah i think they mixed up `` i scream '' with `` ice cream '' . 
  the kid . 
  he joined kgb early . 
  how hard is it to have an original cake ?
