  it is irrelevant , he was just stating that assumption because people often mistake nationalities like that . 
  main reason i stopped watching . . used to love it when i was a kid . 
  i mean the odds are not 50/50 . . 
  so expected gains are negative . 
  definitely not about wanking . . 
  probably most eastern block countries will have more traditions from orthodox so turkey would most likely not be eaten that much , it is all about that fish . 
  i mean , there are some genres which i would definitely describe more as weird sounds than music . 
  this khajiit does not like wearing his wares . 
  life, 
  haki might be out of scope of her recovery abilities . 
  use the handbrake duh . . 
  still i would like him to explain how many cm should i cut , this is very confusing . 
  is n't there also a 0 which is green too ? 
  i mean i have degree in statistics but this definitely sounds legit . 
  i call mine vlad the impaler . 
  it 's not like anyone will see it . 
  more like mad max , just less shiny and chromey . 
  well he just vibed the weight off . 
  this looks terrifyingly amazing . 
  always liked this picture in history books . 
  imagine road rage , but in air . 
  it is exactly synonymous way to say 2 = < cups in both ways . . 
  uh i remember those old groups who would create bandit party , trick people into joining and then pk them . 
  but it is not about killing for killing sake , it is about gathering resources . 
  is whiskey # 1 ? 
  i do like the guy but the bird is very very loud . 
  hard to watch full video with that . 
  ca n't imagine living like that . 
  soflo affects my profitability in general . 
  there are programs which allows blind people to use phones/computers . 
  heck now there is siri/cortana and etc. 
  which also enables that . 
  wait ... 
  is n't this pretty much similar to global estimate ? 
  1.2 million have been documented and estimates on the number of earth 's current species range from 10 million to 14 million, 
  we did it reddit !, 
  come on , that was just an error in coding . 
  `` and i 'd like to thank / u/jednascar for agreeing to marry me , what a great gal ! '', 
  damn never seen bike lock looking like that . 
  pretty cool , sad that it has a big weakness . 
  well i would guess you could repair them . 
  like seriously , who would be surprised by india being the one ? 
  but cheaper than buying new ones . 
  pretty funny video . 
  have been subscribed to him for a long time , but somehow stopped watching his videos . 
  probably just usual youtube comment bs . 
  yea because everything is as simple as that . . 
  well met !, 
  `` just not israel , fuck those guys . '', 
  yea but joke science is not a joke . 
  does it count as a filler when manga is pretty much the same ( manga on dressrosa was what , 1year ? ) . 
  then again they take pretty much one chapter for each anime episode which is not exactly the best way to do things ( heck sometimes it is just best to watch the intro where they show what happened in last episode instead of the episode itself ) . 
  it is interesting rare thing where the anime is probably better than the manga . 
  wow this was perfect . . too perfect . . that guy is part of alerminaty !, 
  this is pretty cool thing to exist that long time ago . 
  and it is amazing by how simple the mechanism is . 
  where i live they would get a decent fine for not clearing the ice . 
  damn i did not realize it was for that long . . 
  some people should go to jail for that . 
  same here , but i guess billiards might not be popular in some places ? 
  / r/scottpeopletwitter, 
  in lots of ways . 
  that 's what merkel tried . 
  i wish more countries were like that . 
  i am sure that 50 % ( pulled this out of my ass ) of criminals are not actually evil , and they can be rehabilitated if it is done correctly . 
  i mean farm animals are a big contributor to global warming . 
  but it is mostly because of their gut bacteria . 
  so we can probably reduce that downside of mass animal farming . 
  health problems would be the next issue , but that can be fixed with moderate usage ... 
  so the only unsolvable problem is morality of it , which is subjective . 
  and that still has a lot of solutions which would reduce climate effects and still keep the meat numbers steady . 
  the factors which causes them to produce all that gas are solvable but adds costs . 
  i do n't know , snooker seems pretty hard to me , but i love watching it . 
  i was talking about the one with no pockets , so not sure if it is the same one . 
  trump vs scuba confirmed . 
  pretty great reason to own it tbh , having someone to make you laugh often is a good thing for your health , unlike / r/funny . 
  at this point , i kinda hope that it is her grave at the flash-forward . 
  her plotlines are just so obnoxious at this point . 
  yea you are talking about british billiards and i am talking about french billiards it seems . 
  she was looking for fresh food . 
  americans to us with fast internet look like australians to americans . 
  hmm might try to do r scoop to get more , that is if i get the time for it . 
  halucination . 
  at this point it is probably best to bootstrap n random builds to find optimals . 
  nah , just get mr.terrific to be the tech and it guy in teamarrow . 
  put felicity on the island . 
  i guess you would know better than him about what he thinks . 
  or when someone hits your nuts . 
  some of this third wave is slowly becoming something like flat earth society . 
  depends on how big your single serving is . 
  checkmate consoles !, 
  well a serving can be two pans . . 
  so they are copyright version of patent trolls ? 
  started watching baskets this week and i am really enjoying it , not sure if it is well received in general , but it kinda fits my sense of humor . 
  start drowning your sorrows in sea of hard liquors . 
  get new bottles , build new house and the cycle continues . 
  `` fucking fishsticks '' ? 
  works pretty well when you are drunk . 
  well , would getting temp sensors be that expensive ? 
  if we try to add 1 sensor for 4 batteries then this build would need 150 .
