  explain to non american please . 
  i thought that was mexico ? 
  wait what ... you can use doge bot to give gold ? 
  wow, 
  and the thing is , it is better to give money to anyone but those god damn government leeches !, 
  hmm 1k doge is almost 20 cents , it seems to be rising quite well . 
  thanks . 
  well since moon is made out of cheese , i think after first few missiles it would simply melt . 
  depends whether the nuke is diabetic or not . 
  damn that 's scary !, 
  it 's not like they have an electronic calculating machine which tells the change automatically or something . . 
  thanks mate . 
  was thinking how to explain it in a nice manner , but you laid it down perfectly . 
  and you can find perfect examples of opposite in eurozone countries . 
  or example of same feelings in places which do n't have euro . 
  your knowledge of `` quite a few people '' is irrelevant when talking about macroeconomics and geopolitical situations . 
  yea , but it 's even better with a good serving of karma . 
  they could have used a way of flight , but instead they decided to travel all the way on foot to dispose of a small jewelry . 
  depends on how you watch it . 
  same thing as wanting to reach a new high-score in a game , feeling of self accomplishment , weather its fake points on internet site or a game . 
  at least that 's what i imagine it is . 
  i only comment a lot and make all sorts of jokes , but i do it for replies , not karma . 
  yea , heard music in that game and now i cant wait until i buy it , probably during next sale . 
  op lives in a porno movie . . 
  that 's actually cheaper than i expected . 
  gaming is a big part of my life , its my hobby and its a great therapeutically device . 
  whenever i feel depressed i know i can turn on a game and forget any real life stress for at least couple of hours . 
  glad you are creating something to assist gamers . 
  damn guessing this codes is a bit confusing , hard to tell weather you guessed the code too late or that was an old code who someone else had . 
  yea i 'm afraid to get blocked or something for spamming so many codes . . 
  i 'm kinda worried that there are few people who wrote scripts and just are brute-forcing the codes with it . 
  our lord gaben loved forever . 
  bear, 
  meh , unlucky day as it seems so . 
  congrats to whoever is going to win because i will not . 
  aaand i ca n't guess anymore . . 
  you man are amazing , i guess i do n't have any good stories to tell so if you do n't find my comment good enough i just want to thank you for giving lots of happy moments to everyone . 
  the game i want most now is transistor , its been really a while since i heard music as amazing as in that game . 
  i loved bastion and i think i would love this game also , loved all the narration and dialogues and transistor seems to have both in high quality . 
  i would get it myself , but sadly payment for my freelance work got delayed and i will not get it before end of this sale . 
  even if i do n't get it gifted i will probably get it as soon as it gets on sale again . 
  so thanks for giving to people , you make them happy . 
  my steam profile : http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt . 
  r master race . 
  and somehow i think op is bundle of sticks . 
  look at most of his comment history , full of hate and trolling . 
  looks like also it was the super moon . 
  my ears are bleeding , should have expected this ... 
  angle of lust . 
  meh , random raffle are the best type of giveaway , totally based on rng and do n't need to fight whose scrip guesses the steam card numbers fastest . 
  sorry if i missed it in the video but which texture pack are they using ? 
  rocket and groot, 
  its amazing until some money hungry corporation will abuse it and run it into extinction . 
  i think i need to grab some popcorn before reading this . . 
  that looks pretty dangerous . 
  even if i had vagina , i do n't thin i would waste popcorn like that . 
  well mods/admins are n't super altruists . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is not their full time job . 
  and once subreddit becomes mainstream it requires way more attention and time for mods to maintain it . 
  small subreddits are good because of one main reason , the mods do n't deal with huge influx of people posting things and complaining about each other . 
  because he was childhood hero ( and still is ) for a lot of people . 
  why would people not want to share about person who inspired all of them . 
  meanwhile people who read comics probably knows that there are a lot of things superman does to become clark kent , not only glasses , clothes and hairstyle . 
  and why do you care ? 
  parents usually are ignorant at lots of things and weir perception of things is different , same as all the people . 
  nutella . 
  got ta stock up in case of apocalypse . 
  the percentage of people who check for gw posts would probably be pretty high . 
  we are all creepy . 
  wait , we have mods ? 
  but who shot first ? 
  i thought mocs are custom sets , does the lego rules apply to these ? 
  huh did not know this one , which series adopted this explanation ? 
  it was me , barry !, 
  well its obvious one , but still . 
  clothes is part of disguise , he uses attire which would not attract attention . 
  hitch . 
  reddit , reddit is going on man . 
  sit back and enjoy . 
  so what do you foxes say ? 
  my life , upon seeing this video , is now complete . 
  first someone posted their grandparents glass with uranium in it , which glows under uv , then someone posted more , then again and again and that 's how meme happens . 
  yep , seems like they did that they joked around about that fact at the end of swear wave . 
  no i 'm not . 
  but thanks for an input . 
  you forget that you also need to punch trees . 
  yea i think i should add a profile picture after all these years on steam . . 
  probably would be cheaper than getting rig to crack it also . 
  ok this time i checked . . 
  totally expected to be sub about tennis and not this . . 
  new plot for ocean 's ( what number is it now ? ), 
  well more things would scare me too if i was blind . 
  like i would gladly pay for any content if i could . . 
  they fucking take so long to get tv series into my country . . and then they do terrible 2 voice or even 1 voice dubbing with tons of translation errors . 
  they even mess up things like in 3rd x-men movie where they translated `` best defense is good offense '' into `` best defense is a good insult '' ... 
  i do n't think cleaning would be that much of an issue , its like cleaning an aquarium . 
  that avatar ... 
  cool , now i can see my 300fps during csgo . 
  what happened ? 
  for whatever reason i always fail to write input and output ( one of these ) correctly when writing scripts on r. .
