  turn it on and stick a fork in it . 
  be careful though , it is a rough trip . 
  i must admit , i was binging a lot of doctor who when i registered to reddit . 
  i mean , it looks so stupid and odd . 
  saying this makes me feel a bit old . 
  does n't that make diplomacy impossible ? 
  and i usually set max number of ai so i get boxed in on hard very fast and ca n't progress fast enough to defend against incoming inevitable wars . 
  all the building i 've done in minecraft will pay off in post apocalyptic world now !, 
  no one does , everyone is winging it . 
  you have not observed enough animals . 
  nature is as crazy as humanity . 
  playing cs just after having few overwatch matches really fucks up my gameplay . 
  very weird feeling . 
  i would expect most of people involved in sending stuff to iss be geniuses . 
  scourge so annoying in my current game . 
  they took over quarter of the galaxy . 
  i can fight their fleets with my doomstack ( can take 70k stack with barely any losses but have to repair after that ) , but they keep recapturing the sectors because of the huge area they have and i cant keep up clearing them . 
  failed the injured queen quest because it was too far from me . 
  all these damn smurf cosplayers . . 
  stds or pokemons , a hard choice indeed !, 
  model y reveal ? 
  local dealer . 
  no , it was probably `` i do n't have time or energy to deal with bullshit like this '' sigh . 
  well alcoholism and cigarettes causes harm to others , where sedentary lifestyle only kills you . 
  still , using car less and walking more is easy thing to do and you might enjoy it . 
  this is how cats fall from balconies all the time . 
  especially with birds around . 
  hearts of iron iv , i always was bad at history ( i guess that 's why i chose degree in mathematics ) , but i am a really curious person and i think that a game which is made as well as hoi4 would help me learn a bit more about ww2 and have a lot of fun time playing the game . 
  pretty simple reason , so i am sure there are people who are more worthy of a game . 
  my frogs have sharp claws on back legs . 
  getting them angry would be slightly painful . 
  seems like the secret darpa experiment is consistently accurate . 
  or high voltage . 
  well hopefully yeld can be improved with proper lighting and getting everything indoors might use up some unused space . 
  still probably there are better ways to do this . 
  looking at his comments , i am not sure he is trolling . 
  it is weird that they did not make shadow of mordor 2 when the game was pretty successful and well received . 
  that show is weird as fuck , though as kids we did not really see it that way . 
  are you on drugs ? 
  because except the underboob i do n't see anything . 
  yeah , all i see is dried grass and bushes . 
  i turned 80 in 2071 and i still do n't feel like an adult . 
  wait so you do n't want to join my political sausage party ? 
  yeah , seems like people can be most creative when making shows for kids . 
  why is it always a bicycle accident . . 
  i will develop phobia this way . 
  preventing enemies from healing sounds like an interesting ability . 
  you do realize that not the same people are working on fixing bugs and making cosmetic dlc ? 
  that is the pokemon no one catches . 
  probably , she will still be invulnerable for the time . 
  still marvel mutants , which could be fun . 
  human body can handle a lot of stuff . 
  hey , i bet there dozens of people who would watch the stream for eve . 
  yes he is a human , a person , who is doing despicable shit , we have too many humans like that and the world would be nicer without them . 
  well , properly grown and killed animals do have a better taste than the ones grown in meat factories with bad conditions and overfilled with shit like antibiotics . 
  `` fuck off , i do n't care about your problems '', 
  is it not a choice whether to do it or not together ? 
  boss will push the blame on someone else . 
  i am betting dragon lore on that person being op . 
  that is how it is presented in a lot of news sources and analytical articles . 
  for example you could find the same ( just a bit better articulated ) written in the economist articles . 
  well i disagree with you for no reason so fuck you !, 
  i used to have very similarly bad phobia when i was kid about heights , i would get pretty dizzy but not passing out . 
  somehow while growing up i stopped having it , but even now sometimes i feel that weird anxiety when going to a tall building roof or something similar . 
  you would think that passing out would be the last thing body would want on top of high places . 
  damn i should have taken it slow and not just wiping the portal blitzkrieg style . 
  maybe we should make our own documentary , with blackjack and hookers ? 
  that is pretty much the only reason to do something like that . 
  i do n't think she is stupid , she is just greedy . 
  yea i am having similar problem with scourge , any systems i retake they keep taking back and they hold quarter of galaxy . 
  because the people in power controls what is legal ? 
  they can still build their weak ass fortresses in the system . 
  surely a bomber like this would be top secret . 
  you ca n't lock the fridges !, 
  it can reduce tremors too . 
  as someone who actually needs to increase calorie intake , i guess snickers bars are the way to go ? 
  preferably from something tasty and fast to make . 
  i started going to gym so part of the goal is to increase muscle mass , but my body fat is also below the correct number . 
  gomad would probably be a bit too much for me , the trainer who did the test suggested that i should do about 2500 kcal a day . 
  but i did start drinking about 1 liter of milk ( with cereal and berries because of the summer season ) . 
  what is even the point of peppers as hot as this ? 
  this totally ruins any taste the food would have had leaving only the hot agony . 
  the flipflops on the arms killed me . 
  the fun version . 
  somehow managed to install the app and catch the bulbasaur ( i guess it was tutorial ? 
  i wonder what that feels like . 
  eventually all of us will be on a list . 
  ugh , brings back interesting childhood memories . 
  imagine a show where gordon and ricky travels the world to taste weird local food . 
  soon this picture will need a wall photoshoped in . 
  wasted one of my damn free incense because of servers going down right after i used it . 
  that species of eagles are known for noodle legs . 
  this might be scary if those people who are about to be purged decides to join isis or something . 
  has to be slowpoke . 
  just checked , he is not . 
  and water is wet . 
  if only your comments were deep . 
  switched to hardcore sex ? 
  well the thing he linked says 25 cubic feet so it was not ops fault . 
  i heard getting sponsors is ~ ~ hand ~ ~ hard job .
