  sadly no office . 
  come on , it will be 10 episodes knowing what we are about to get in next episodes . 
  i expect fillers for the hamsters . 
  you should try city food then . 
  and what if he does ? 
  i envy him for such amusement . 
  [ * sink ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr0lwich3ry ), 
  ugh i wish i knew how hotel connects to other seasons , but i keep missing everything . . 
  you are not helping the cause . 
  yea , sucks for us living in country with free education . 
  have you taken it to the vet ? 
  it can have some illness because of being like that . 
  stocks or anything else financial advisor would suggest . 
  you are like santa , just instead of coal you give gold to us evil redditors . 
  people get offended by minute things , always nice to be careful if you are not sure . 
  what planet is this from ? 
  would n't you risk bending it slightly and screwing it up ? 
  cousin of 4chan . 
  well since there are people who take onion stories as truth i suspect that there are ones who believe this to be true too . 
  best i can offer are my 2 cents . 
  also stupid to use it without any real need . 
  how is drug lord business going these days ? 
  i think he is making a joke about how pens are on a chain ? 
  i think alcohol would not be enough to make someone this stupid . . 
  it must be something more than that . 
  i guess someone is fed up with dealing with all the fallen leaves . 
  phew . . not a thing . 
  not as deep as your username though . 
  fixed what ?? 
  now we will never know . 
  well it is not too bad when the first letter of the word is obvious . 
  you should really have left that one in man . 
  do you not know how to karma ? 
  / r/redditanarchists, 
  the one in the picture is probably not real , hell even poodle moth are n't a confirm species : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/venezuelan_poodle_moth . 
  just wear a condom on your head and you are safe . 
  well i might be retarded but i still love you !, 
  that 's a weird nickname your mum has . 
  luckily mayor cand . 
  was protected by storm troopers . 
  i think he is aqua-man , he is known to deal with a fish . 
  damn that guy is crazy , these days people would get a drone to film smth like that . 
  sure camera was most likely on the stick , but still ... 
  interesting looking mystery machine . 
  would be interesting in seeing dark r-rated scooby-doo movie . 
  well that is the interesting part of the mythos ? 
  robin hood x : space pirate ( matt damon as robin hood ), 
  the hell ? 
  unless he takes some lube . 
  do n't be racist , its vagapanese, 
  come one , you are computer scientist , you definitely know what a vector is . 
  plot armor covers all the holes . 
  crimson speedster is going to be even more crimson . 
  this feature would boost the sales , no need to be secret . 
  they kinda have to do this , they cant really make proper deasel cars better without rising prices , and if they rise prices then electric cars would be very close in price comparison and everyone would choose e-car . 
  so they are shifting in very logical way and which is also a nice pr move to boast about . 
  well , of course someone made that . 
  can someone explain what happened ? 
  so cena always pops up ? 
  i would expect him to be used to it . 
  it 's easier to assume that everyone is weird and that you are the only normal one . 
  4 mins passed , he is rip . 
  waking up early and going for a run to get the joggers high helps . 
  you will substitute one nice feeling to another . 
  you have no idea what you are missing !, 
  oliver also got kinda his ass kicked by thea , and he fought ra 's pretty well last season . 
  what am i looking for here ? 
  thirst . 
  brb buying chrome spray paint . 
  in a lot of it it 's not that great quality , and with current oil prices it might not be as valuable/cost effective to go for that oil . 
  you 're a husband harry !, 
  is it me or was the new episode kinda a let down ? 
  definitely a / r/superbowl, 
  pretty sure mutant was real too . 
  yea , they get seriously injured quite often . 
  imagine internet archaeologists finding reddit and thinking everyone on reddit had oedipus complex . 
  even busy bees need coffee . 
  now i think he is a plant , some kind of part of grand plan . 
  what 're those monitors ? 
  who are we talking about again ? 
  can you fly with that pigeon ? 
  well the drone just relays the radio messages to wherever it is controlled from . 
  that is if it 's a military drone . 
  it is pigeon after boot camp . 
  and based on that data you will see targeted adds everywhere you go , projected directly into your eyes . 
  they call me nuclear wasteland . 
  looks like toothless . 
  he was going for final destination . 
  damn , so she works for their pr ? 
  this is how apocalypse starts . 
  yep , does n't end well for constantine 's friends . 
  oliver needed some warmth on the island . 
  is n't he the one who will most likely run around and yell that ? 
  well mate , look from the bright side of things , you will not need to buy a ring . 
  well i did not realize that this was such a common reply . 
  i thought it was fakematter ? 
  well there is no rush , game will not be worse if you wait a month or two . 
  i think there is a way to filter stuff , so just add something to filter out anything mentioning f4 and you will minimize the damage . 
  i find it that i often do n't finish all the expansions when i get goty . 
  happened with nv ( only finished one of the expansion campaigns ) .
