  the beuty of reality ,, 
  lies beneath the skies, 
  and under our beds ,, 
  lies the truth we all seek . 
  our nightmares are open ,, 
  and our dreams are hidden ,, 
  for those who seek the truth ,, 
  there is only wisdom . 
  hell , things like unesco actual do quite a lot . 
  explains why you are so laid back buddha . 
  fallout 4 pretty much the only thing i want now . 
  i decided to spend my money on gym membership to keep myself a bit more healthy so i am not sure when i will have some spare cash . 
  i know right , boner jokes are the best jokes ? 
  angle at which picture was taken probably is a factor too , and posture . 
  there is a guy outside who sells some gifts . 
  i thought that the idea was symbolic , lion and a girl on a quest at which in the end someone finds a heart . 
  thomas and martha wayne ? 
  still , marathon and sprint might have different ratios . 
  \\ #wookielivesmatters, 
  come one , we all know that its a documentary . 
  stupid sexy patric . . 
  because it was a joke in the show . 
  yeah , love his videos . 
  for me treadmill is probably the best part doing workout in a gym . 
  for some reason i always struggle jogging outside , i most of the time ca n't pace myself well enough as i do on a treadmill . 
  pillar of engineering . 
  no my friend , its rest in pieces in peace . 
  well just because it is profitable in short run it does not mean its not anti-consumer and bad idea in long run . 
  just because opinion is similar to the hive mind it does not make it wrong . 
  ha , joke 's on you , i already think that about my generation !, 
  modern econometrics is also where math is involved a lot . 
  most of the times mathematicians gets nobel in economy . 
  well it is a pattern . 
  hey !, 
  i used to be chelsea fan , not all of them are bad !, 
  you can predict the distribution , which is a lot . 
  depends if the partner is in a coma or not . 
  or you finish a degree which has quite good prospects and then start for masters , looking at all the friends who have time for full workweek and all the money they have . 
  or just a very bad aim . 
  looks like just a regular kitchen , and most of them are pretty much modular . 
  6000 years ? 
  `` to unlock a rational presenter to contest the ideas presented , please buy dlc '', 
  the idea is about extinction of species , sure 99 % of humans could die out in all out nuke war , but some would most likely survive . 
  it 's schr\u00f6dinger 's box . 
  you have to do both at the same time . 
  yea i found that on le you are good to go with p90 , no one will kill you fast enough , rarely you will get someone hs you . 
  then again i love my scout . 
  99 % of 7 billion is still a lot , the question is what would those 1 % be in terms of sample for gene pool . 
  at the same time the sheer number of us is what causes some of the sanitation and disease problems . 
  at first i thought , why am i not seeing it . . and then i realized we are talking about cs : go . . 
  he is just training to court ops mum . 
  it was a ship deemed unsinkable sinking , it is an interesting event in our history . 
  also you being cynical and unexcited by stuff is not an original thing , you are not fucking alone . 
  hopefully that went to charity or something . 
  oh a great reddit sw ... fuck it , i 'm too lazy . 
  how does one cry in spanish and how does that sound in english ? 
  the trick is to never have it at the last line . 
  i do n't know , australia is a scary place with all the things trying to kill you . 
  drop bears are capable of doing that . 
  thanks for gold kind stranger !, 
  why the hell do only bad jokes of mine get gilded : /, 
  got so much inspiration from it as a kid . 
  this is the reason i went for math related masters , so that i could listen to things no one understands . 
  but do they force you to play around , or can you just go with no intention of gambling ? 
  well i guess , i doubt if i went over big lake to usa i would go to vegas , usa is far too big to just go to a city . 
  the trick is pretending that you understand . 
  70 % of the time i feel like our professors barely understand some stuff they are lecturing . 
  `` not today ! '', 
  * pulls out his katana *, 
  they should just borrow shark costume from katy perry crew . 
  i know i would say go away to myself , plan would not work !, 
  i would expect that people would not miss a giant fucking shark walking around , it would be more than just rumors . 
  am i missing something ? 
  what supposed to be funny here ? 
  well based on op 's post history , i doubt that it would be something unusual . 
  is n't this vaping ? 
  i started masters , the water is at my knees right now . 
  at least it can feed hungry kids instead of giving them cancer . 
  surprisingly people often survive first shot in the head . 
  wait , thats enough karma to be 1 % er ? 
  it is a great idea , i just wonder what % of money will go to those shelters ? 
  damn , that is a stupid way to design stairs . . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://pad2.whstatic.com/images/thumb/1/13/stewie-step-step-9.jpg/900px-stewie-step-step-9.jpg ) . . 
  i have not , but that is because my field is mathematics and not construction . . 
  damn i love watching catamaran races , those sailing boats are amazing . 
  hell on a normal sailing yacht going at 15 + knots is exciting , and these go quite a bit faster . 
  brit or australian ? 
  yea , this is the only one which makes sense . 
  well the answers imply that you are not . 
  meh , i am in bed after hard math lectures and solving some other annoying problems . 
  so i am also not at my best game , but this is the only logical solution . 
  so you break your arms in opening scene ? 
  if only my friends on facebook were like this . . 
  regular shit gets too annoying . 
  you sound like someone bad at riddles . . 
  / r/outoftheloop might help . 
  i thought that from the beginning this was all about providing internet to places where it is hard to do by other means . 
  yea , his arguments were very weird for a `` smartest person '' . 
  the worry on his face of what he got himself into , is priceless . 
  i am not sure if this will be well received , but i think he is not one of the gaming 's greatest mind , i consider him greatest gaming 's voice .
