  how many bananas you would need to destroy the universe ? 
  i 've heard it is good place to fund travel to europe . 
  i bet that somewhere that cause a lonely grammar nazi to die out of aneurysm . 
  i have seen enough stargate to know where that is going . 
  i always wondered how legit those chia seeds are . 
  seems to be a new craze where i live . 
  so nutritionally they are n't very good ? 
  yeah , i am on similar boat , only want big pharma . 
  how likely it is for it to be cheaper during winter sale ? 
  similar shit did happen in smallville . 
  also the intonation is supposed to show that he knows what he is talking about but quite a few times a lot of connections he makes are false or outdated . 
  it seems like he writes a sentence and then googles every word and takes the first article he finds to make his script . 
  good choice . 
  source - i clicked it . 
  yeah , my knifes are pretty dull , almost as dull as my life . 
  i think it was eye closer because i closed my eyes as soon as i saw it . 
  i mean , the one who knows the best how to time travel is pyromaniac who burned his parents . 
  that tells a lot . 
  also why we invented antibiotic resistant bacteria . 
  it also makes water taste sweeter which is a pro . 
  especially in uk . 
  you do realize mars has gravity ? 
  i think it has to do with trump winning elections . 
  sjin realized that with trolling you can achieve anything , so he gained some confidence . 
  do you have footage of how it looked when it was dark in slow motion ? 
  would be interesting to see . 
  you overestimate travel time a lot . 
  did not know there was a 2nd channel !, 
   hershey 's kisses, 
  i am pretty that dog would implode before eating enough of it in terms of chocolate . 
  for some people million means nothing . 
  so some type of unique experience might be tempting when you lose nothing . 
  they started streaming more so gained more audience throughout the year . 
  this is just one of those dumb youtube social experiments intended to create drama . 
  i am not sweedish but in my country it is quite common among young people to do it in casual conversations . 
  ( older people are not that good at english mostly because of soviet union times . ), 
  meanwhile legends forgot to tell barry that they have been dealing with a time traveling speedster . 
  do they know it is rf ? 
  i do n't remember them seeing him . 
  well tazers are non murder weapons ( most of the time ) . 
  that is a total flemsh there is no vagina haver in the universe which would not like bodega . 
  someone could also be impersonating barry . 
  someone who we know has a history of impersonating people maybe ? 
  that is half-kardashian in ass credits . 
  did he summon cthulhu ? 
  i would not mind them removing the jack , but their fucking wires suck too much to be a substitute . 
  so we are in earth 19 ? 
  is this where musk put his evil lair ? 
  this season maybe , but last one had a lot of bad things in it which made it not that enjoyable . 
  it was probably one of the best scenes in modern who . 
  what was so unseen on tv screen ? 
  he said beets not beans . 
  it is always better to buy headphones and mic separately , you will end up with more quality for the money you pay . 
  but if you do have to choose from these 2 i think stinger was well received . 
  same can be said about tv , printed press and radio . . that is just a way of making money and content definitely is what creates the income . 
  username checks out . 
  tree farms are plantations . . 
  we ca n't be sure john humphrys is not an android . 
  poor guy , we are blue balling him . 
  `` ivan , hold my vodka '', 
  why did this guy steal body of captain disillusion and transfer his head onto it ? 
  definitely more than that . 
  if it is hand made then it would probably need quite a bit of work to make . 
  up to 1k would probably still be legit price . 
  but 25k is set probably due to supply/demand problems . 
  the biggest problem of series like that is that they are very very repetitive . 
  you always start out the same way , so every time it becomes more like a chore and humor is harder to create . 
  that is why series with pre-built maps or with quest like skyblock systems are a better choice . 
  you should have that checked . 
  from the look on your face i would guess you were the cause for that . 
  hard but not unreachable , especially if a big game would turn out to be in pack . 
  what about black people in africa ? 
  african africans are a bit of a tongue twister . 
  that is h.u.m.a.n 2.3 . 
  you also need to make sure you can hurt them faster than they hurt you . 
  i doubt that it costs as much as us pilots training . 
  not really , breaking the boards is the least skillful act you could ask to do since physics do most of the work . 
  kata is where the skills are shown . 
  675 like every year the most exciting thing to see is lewis drunk rp . 
  datlof remembers . 
  for me often if i listen for same song for too much i stop liking it . 
  how do they make sure the liquid does not go where it should n't and make the jaw unusable ? 
  i think everyone knows it is pretty big . 
  yeah , show them what modern medicine can do . 
  heck tell them how old the people in those retirement houses are . 
  bigger amount of money = / = better education . 
  this was proven a lot of times . 
  pretty cool video , maybe the jumps were too fast , but i guess that was the point ? 
  well history is usually troublesome for companies like that . 
  but since they acquiring startups left and right they are a bit more secure . 
  i fucking had no clue until i read the comment . . 
  exactly , also trying to apply something old to something new is often good idea . 
  my master thesis has relatively new and old stuff mixed together in attempt to look how good/bad they are at explaining data ( i fucking need to finish writing it this month ) . 
  though i study statistics so it is a bit different story here . 
  i think almost fully naked beautiful woman makes anything stealthy . 
  i 've seen enough of movies to know where that is going . 
  i 'm with jesus . 
  that is the only way to beat a fossil . 
  this is what i experienced too . 
  expected lewis to have lebanese hymn playing .
