  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  next on the list is fridge . 
  the next step is of course a sex robot which does math for you . 
  9min/mile is good enough , of course it depends if you are running 1mile or 10miles . 
  if only the 7h/day would be norm in eu . . 
  pawface - `` say hello to my little sharp claws '', 
  ( sorry im bad at this . . ), 
  thats no entirely true if you are depressed , but still its your job to seek help . 
  do you think someone like that would do it ? 
  you did something wrong if its itching for few weeks . . 
  same here , unless someone is actually using insults or smth like that , i dont see the point in downvote.if i disagree i reply with a comment and thats how it should be . 
  so being intelligent and knowledgable should not be society norm ? 
  go join a church ... 
  even if you disregard that school teaches you how to learn and to think logicly , all the info you learn is not so that you would apply , it its so that you would be intelligent . 
  heck i dont think i could have a decent discussion with a person who ignored everything and didint study in school . 
  litterature teaches you a lot about thinking and constructing ideas ( not as much as high-end math , but you dont learn it in schools , you get to enjoy it in collage/uni ), 
  but think about the haircut you would have gotten !, 
  meh , bank i work ( intern ) at still uses winxp , though im pretty sure it will bankcrupt faster than get breached . 
  any hat ? 
  you mean disapointing ? 
  congratz on moving on then !, 
  how ? 
  at uni you usually have courses up till 15-16ish , if you would want to work full time so you go to work from 17h lets say , you work 8hrs and thats 1 am , you get 6-7hrs of sleep and back to uni without time to do the real part of studies which you do in non-course times . 
  we are doing it for the people , we are very dependant on ecosystems and we have already done enough harm to future populations because of our effect on it . 
  yes you can have a good time , similarly you have a good time watching random youtube videos with friends . 
  dice with 9 sides ? 
  or he might cause someone else harm because of that . 
  rules are usually there for a reason , so are the medical standarts . 
  what does it have to do with minecraft ? 
  well you need to login to imgur to get the possibility to get snatched . 
  change password only if the website is fixed . 
  35h/week is not really a full work day . 
  also what 15hours/semester actualy mean ? 
  usually if you are studying something decent you have 5h/day in lectures ( sometimes more/less but the mean is about 5 ) so it would add up to a lot of hrs in a semester . 
  and that is not taking to account the hours for the independant studying which is more than lectures . 
  i am at university and we have 30 credits/semester and it does n't mean 30 hours a week , its more complicated and counts in the time set for independant , sometimes actual lectures can take 20h/week sometimes 40h/week depending on subjects in the course . 
  well might be the difference between college and uni or might be because im not in usa . 
  a safe , let reddit wonder to death what 's inside . 
  ( how am i the first to suggest this ? ), 
  what about a transformer who can transform into a store ? 
  how many credits total were in your bach ? 
  that sound very low :( i guess it doesnt matter how much time you spend but more about quallity . 
  nasa found a safe on planet mars ? 
  our nice neighbours russians must have censored it for us out of good heart . 
  meh , it keeps coming up all the time in relevant places . 
  well seems like its about replicating g forces , so what you want could also be translated into that simulator i guess . 
  so well hidden p0rn ? 
  fake , he did n't fall . 
  reddit hivemind would crowdsource it !, 
  it seems like people like you arent even trying . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  yea the civ series currently are my favorite , too much cheating in mc :d, 
  i saw the list and not even bothering to read it . 
  yea he has done a lot to science and you have to respect him for that , but a lot of the times he comes off like an asshole . 
  what 's ts ? 
  my hope is that he will post a picture of a spider at the end . 
  the same reason they were wasting the fake cities they build near ground nuke tests . 
  be carefull , he likes to steal gold . 
  wow , thats one of more extreeme porcupine vs dog pics ive seen . 
  yep , its like that out here if i remember correctly . 
  poor child . . 
  sorry but most europeans would also react same to haggis . 
  just got the dlc and so far it seems to have added a lot ( though i havent been there for few content patches so not sure if all is new ) , got spawned near those evil looking new trees and killed by the tiny guys in first 15mins ... 
  i have mixed feelings about it , from one side i want to know whats new and whats there to do so i want to see a good lp , but from second point of view i want to have a good experiance and dont know what can and what cant kill me . 
  ive got lucky found 2 of those pig altar things , so first time i died i was ok ( was death at day 2 from small guys near evil tree ) , second time i died i crashed right after and it was saved before death so also got lucky . 
  europa - the final countdown, 
  wow , must be a slow day for me , that actually made me laugh . 
  i applaud you over the ethernet . 
  oh god . . 
  this little guy is going places . 
  is that an irl pokemon ? 
  he seems like some kind of villain , two-face cat ? 
  well shit . . i guess ... 
  i wan na be the very best ... 
  median , not average . 
  yea shotguns are tough drugs , most people seem to overdose it . 
  ftfy `` see , i 'm not asocial , im just neandarthal '', 
  who the hell owns a pickaxe ? 
  yep and jar jar is joining avengers in the role of ant man . 
  yes lets plame the parents !, 
  what cunts can produce such offsprings ? 
  welp , this is how we math students see social science lectures . 
  devour them . 
  hmm thought they would use hoe or similar thing , but i guess pick would work too . 
  i was starving , running to base as fast as i could , but i was too far , so i ate a red shroom ... didint check that i had less than 20hp and died . . ( i even had food values mod . . ) . 
  well i have shovel for digging ( also works against occasional roots ) , there is no need to use anything else for that here , might depend on ground . 
  born and raised in eastern europe , we dont use pickaxes here . 
  at first it was so creepy as he was inhaling very slowly , almost unnoticeable . 
  i cant imagine calling service in angry mood , i would usually call in a state of total defeat ( because i couldnt solve the problem myself ) . 
  yep , all people with bad hearing and who can lip read uses screen reader :d, 
  sure , they can also lip read if you have a bright lipstick on . 
  tbh winxp and ie might be what company set up on theyr laptop , and usually if its important company you arent allowed to change it ( im interning at bank and its winxp and ie everywhere ) , not saying that thats good but you cant always blame person for winxp and ie . 
  but since there are all those toolbars i would guess its not the case . 
  he said he was curious , now he is on trial for murdering a cat . 
  wait what . . is that what his defense story is ? 
  good luck mate , world needs way less smokers and you will probably be happier spending that money elsewhere . 
  he still has shoes on , no conclusive evidence of his death . 
  yep , burger king builds bad ships . 
  disney on met . . 
  i 'm not even sure what it is on in here . .
