  not with that attitude , i always give 110 % effort !, 
  i did n't get the joke , please help !, 
  now go to a bedroom and kiss !, 
  also it would involve a bit more destruction of unesco sites . 
  i 'd prefer veto axe . 
  being passive aggressive requires less work and intelligence . 
  cancerlines !, 
  well that 's a meme i have n't seen in 2 years . . 
  did n't show vision . . :(, 
  yep , pick up dw20 pack , add few more mods according to your taste , and you have better minecraft that the devs would put out in years . 
  minecraft somewhat never was about what devs do with it , it is about modding community , though they did improve on modding a bit , with the whole itemid change . 
  aww , so cute !, 
  i completely have no idea why he kept repeating it . . 
  obviously , and i think the whole racism is against ghetto people and not just any black people . 
  same as stuff against rednecks . 
  i never had much hope in that . 
  i 'm just happy i can hunt dinosaurs , which i accidentally let loose , with laser guns . 
  i think its called `` street cred '' in the hood or something . 
  that 's probably part of the point of having multiple trailers . 
  sure . . 
  you know that the video will be great when it starts with `` today , i 'm being stupid . . '' . 
  this would be handy in a zombie apocalypse !, 
  i would think that most people in a relationship would not care about partner watching porn . . 
  since most people do . 
  living in a desert might be part of the problem . 
  that 's where you hold birthday ideas for her . 
  will never find it and even if she does , she will not dare to look . 
  how many women do you keep in your so called `` faraday '' cage ? 
  go forth potato knights , and our latvian brothers along side of us !, 
  sorry for your loss mate , what happened ? 
  there is hate for them ? 
  they are the best skittles after the dark purple ones !, 
  a giant camouflaged dildo . 
  [ still the best version by far !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6dmhgyy_xk ), 
  yea , this does n't seem to be likely to happen when wheel just hits the jaw at high g. 
  this kung fu panda has only red belt it would seem . 
  or 20 cats if you marry a crazy cat lady . 
  not a lot of us would be living . 
  unless you are highlander . 
  that 's a preemptive strike on that god damn godzilla . 
  it 's ok , promise to repay this over a billion years . 
  just use spare oil to burn spare houses , problem fixed . . 
  stop trying to hack my computer 4chan !, 
  nice try , though does n't give a lot of info about article . 
  still ca n't understand how this bot works . 
  not as confusing as some graphs i made with r. 
  i also do n't understand why we ca n't have mandatory vaccinations . 
  they seem like a no-brained , but i guess if it 's mandatory then they would need way more strict regulations on it and that 's costly ? 
  in your wet dreams obviously . 
  wtf is food babe ? 
  nah , i will wait until they evolve into becoming environmentally friendly !, 
  i once left toilet seat up !, 
  reposting my axe !, 
  the rock does n't really make it harder . 
  whats the problem , you can use reddit , so you have everything you need !, 
  `` hello , i 'm juan knoxville and this is jackass . '', 
  [ video is pretty cool !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97vpnauyjsc ), 
  i thought reddit was real life ? 
  how did you escape the matrix ? 
  wait , how the hell did you get friends ? 
  some kind of hack ? 
  the one who should not be named ? 
  red and yellow , friendly fellow , red and black , you are dead jack . 
  better to have short pain then an itch for few days . 
  ended even stronger !, 
  they use teeth , they do n't need axes !, 
  duckmaster is my new nickname when i will play dodgeball . 
  everyone was too intimidated by your eye . 
  you mean that famous documentary about rdj past ? 
  that 's what happens when suggestion is not backed with big corporations money . 
  do n't forget the people outside of us . 
  cool story . . 
  but not really , unless you count being forced to watch series year after release and with shitty dubbing a perk . 
  polish-lithuania commonwealth wants its half of europe back too !, 
  at least where i live there is only 1 poisonous snake , and it is rare and not too dangerous . 
  i 'm more afraid of disease ridden ticks in the forest , those buggers are invisible . 
  nudian sounds better, 
  yea , i passed all tests and got license at 20 , have n't had any good opportunity to drive in 5 years , i would not be a safe driver . . obviously i would go through a lot of learning again if i decide to get a car , driving was too stressful for me even when i knew how to drive . 
  space lawyer would be a bit too broad , interstellar or intergalactic lawyers are the future . 
  titled `` to america with love '', 
  title still is correct since it 's talking about likelihood . 
  oh , that makes more sense !, 
  when large batteries pop up into these predictions i always wonder , what about the necessity to change them every few years ? 
  if they had twitter they would not need g + . 
  they would focus on profiting of twitter in similar ways they wanted to do that from g + . 
  why diabetic ? 
  you do realize not all diabetic are fat ? 
  i think there are plenty of places in bible where god screws tons of people over . 
  gentleman never refuses a dance !, 
  because you forgot your medication ? 
  it 's a surprise , it might be good , or it 's british . 
  boobs are still boobs . 
  why not four ? 
  i guess , milk prices seem stable enough , and it has pretty big market . 
  i would guess farmers kinda use futures if they sell at agreed time in the future for an agreed price at current point ? 
  how is spidercoin doing ? 
  that 's so called pole parking , people in poland do that a lot . 
  well what else would be a reason ?
