  i wonder whats the specs ? 
  i seem to be doing same thing with gold : / . 
  btw , poland is my bane , have been bothering few consecutive games with their attacks . 
  whats in the ultimate pack , thats what i wonder ? 
  its entertaining to see how evolution learns inventive ways to get rid of bad genes . 
  yea got the ultimate one , i think it gives 30 + additional hours of gameplay, 
  im also waiting for the deal , though i might not buy it as i spent more money than intended already . 
  developers are the same ... 
  are you 12 ? 
  i 'm pretty sure swimming has same doping problem as other sports in olympics , like what would make it so different for that not to happen ? 
  yea , i know that no one was accused , but im pretty sure they are taking it . 
  idk , it just feels like all of those sports are pretty corrupt and doping is pretty regular thing . but then again , i dont know much about swimming so im probably just too cynical . 
  or it might be that they are harder to catch . 
  not sure if pun :d, 
  or some kind of flesh eating bacteria or smth else . 
  thats more like general stupidity , you dont even need to waste any more energy if you already turn the water on . 
  i think it might have a better daily deal eventually , or more i hope so , need to get dlc pack :( . 
  i would wait for something better , but if you want those , just check what would give you more enjoyment . 
  its so sad that there is no legendary upgrade pack : / i got base game already . 
  wow cool dude , sad that i dont meet such good people and have to wait for next seasonal sale for skyrim expansions :( . 
  the main thins what needs to go down is reflections and shadows , and you can set others pretty high on bad gpu 's . 
  just an usual movie based game i guess . 
  probably timed with the movie ignoring the sale . 
  same thing about the movie :d, 
  first time ? 
  is this sequel to something ? 
  wait , does this mean i can have steam open and play 2 strategy games at the same time on my laptop and pc ? 
  the thing about civ5 the game gets really good with last expansion , so probably best to get it too ( some places have it discounted i think ) . 
  the sad thing when tricky german give away similar one for peace , and i annexed it without checking . though its still viable . 
  yea i was just about to finish the spaceship and boom `` england was elected as world leader '' , damn those city-states . 
  i am looking for people too , but sadly im from gmt +2 so we would need to time it . though im not sure how good i am , im playing on king difficulty and sometimes have trouble . 
  i 'm pretty interested , but i have n't done rp , so i do n't know if you would like beginner to join ? 
  idk , maybe the best religion name contest or something ? 
  cool , ill check it out when i get back from sailing trip . 
  thats what happens when a thing with pretty much limitless supply meats demand getting lower than some kind of floor figures . also a good way to get people to buy upcoming expansions . 
  pretty sure they met aliens in the ruins . 
  yea i know , but i went with it and it was pretty good with trading ships shipping some food and production to boost it . 
  im european ( gmt +2 ) dont have plans for 2 weeks so probably would be on anytime . 
  my steam id is wizy i think . 
  sent an invite , forgot i can link my profile . 
  definitely worth with the new update incoming anytime now . 
  tons of , try looking for a list on terrariaonline forums , new biomes , new bosses , new events , ofc tons of new items , map size increase , char creation revamp . 
  im pretty sure im forgetting a lot . 
  the estimate was the end of this month , so we can expect it in few weeks probably . 
  i seem to get mostly island maptype ( randomizing it ) so they arent that scary there . 
  imagine getting civ5 and fallout nv ... 
  i think i might need a vacation from life to play this . 
  i got lucky on that day1 discount , maybe the mistake might happen again ? 
  it wasnt even announced that long ago , ant the game was still worth the money year ago . 
  it was but then smth happen ant it is not , well after this update there will be a long gap again ( dev said he will need a break ) , but still . 
  it would be pretty scary to use the sail on it during good winds , hard to believe its as safe as factory made . 
  i guess not a smoothskin anymore ? 
  i never keep track of my rads , is that a lot ? 
  yea , im just worried that i might left something behind , and to check everything takes a lot of time . 
  already got metro 2033 , but i doubt i will be able to trade the extra for anything : / . 
  yea , except the metro , i dont have any of the games , so it was a great deal for me . 
  well , when you play for a bit and the new update comes out , would you like to make fresh 1.2 playthrough ? 
  i guess i dont live in europe anymore . 
  are n't those glasses which protect eyes when you watch eclipse ? 
  nuke every1 !, 
  hmm , are n't incense connected to cancer risk ? 
  yep , especially if you use the some of the tricks to distinguish if you are dreaming . 
  was this the one with deadpool ? 
  in that case its the fact that it got separated from the comics too much . 
  i bet thats how they torture in guantanamo . 
  the thing is , i used to slouch , but when i got a good , expensive chair i kinda stopped naturally . 
  might be something to do with fiscal year ? 
  doesnt indie gala has similar thing ( though smaller ) and requires only 50 $ ? 
  and you cant use pandora in most places . 
  meh there are bionic prosthetic on the market . 
  turn yourself into cyborg just to be safe . 
  thats what you get as a commentator on new . 
  why uk ? 
  or someone from similar timezone is ok also ? 
  ( gmt +2 ), 
  and a darwin award goes to ... 
  but i will make homosexuality illegal !, 
  this is just political games . 
  oh , no problem then . 
  my mic would also interfere probably . 
  i cant seem to decide between dark souls , ftl and dishonored , but probably if i have to chose it would be dark souls . 
  my steam id : http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt, 
  as for story , i dont have much going on except math studies at the moment , but i can share a saying which our professor once said : `` life is complex : it has both real and imaginary components . 
  thanks , this got me panicked . i should prepare more next time . 
  yea , its should be `` heavier '' not harder , but that still would be situational . 
  better to sell it probably . 
  yea , already used those up , got a bit lost in the vault . 
  does it load slow on consoles ? 
  ive got a pretty old pc , but the loading times are very fast to such places . 
  also might be that brain gets less oxygen , that might affect it too ? 
  though im probably wrong . 
  how is it health violation ? 
  its not like the cat lives in the bar ? 
  and of course after photo cat was chased away from dispenser and it was cleaned ? 
  well that 's how business works . 
  yea ive been in tons of similar places . 
  sorry , but i rarely swear , so it was cat not cunt . 
  this was the only one of such pranks which scared me . 
  yea i also liked this one better . 
  yep , i did think that way too .
