  well i guess i will comment , do n't think i will win , but hey , it is free comment . 
  is n't us prices shown lower due to vat being added after purchase ? 
  with shitposts like this i bet you are pineapple pizza . 
  the cheapest hotdogs you could find . 
  and tastes not as bad as price would suggest ( well it is edible ) . 
  it is probably more to do with them targeting niche audience instead of for doing a tasteless shit for masses . 
  yea but then there are people like me , who played and has a lot of aaa games in his backlog but just wants to sit down in the evening after work and play a quick simple indie game . 
  simple low budget games has it 's niche . 
  well watch the whole episode of this show of hers . 
  she to some extent admits it herself . 
  you are new to the internet , are n't you ? 
  just use 2 x 4gb , and 10 for something newer like wolfenstein . 
  like good old days with loading 5 floppies to run a game . 
  the map is skewed , it is taking whole population and not people who buy things like this . 
  at least in baltic states , the english proficiency in young adults is higher than russian . 
  not to mention your offensive remarks calling those people `` ruskies '' just because they were forced to learn the language while in soviet union . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . . 
  this guy looks exactly what i would imagine russian jimmy kimmel would look like . 
  of course it was an act . 
  he probably was just not sure if his segment was over or something like that . 
  because most of russian people are good people and they are also suffering from their governments actions and probably to bigger extent than us is suffering from election hacking . 
  as someone with degree in math i can confirm the math checks out . 
  hope = nope . 
  slimy grasshoppers . 
  i wonder how would world look like if geopolitical supremacy was determined on leaders handshakes . 
  everyone would elect body builders as presidents , presidential election would look like olympics . 
  really ? 
  democrats according to you are the ones who are n't doing it ? 
  it does . 
  can you give some insight on what you did wrong ? 
  more like cash royale . 
  just attach it to robot with ai , no human error to worry about . 
  now ? 
  it constantly coming to light for years and nothing is done because the ones who can change things are the ones who are doing it . 
  guessing your bank still used xp ? 
  more like clusterfuck . 
  weird definition of fun . 
  if not updated . 
  ! unsubscribe, 
  corporations are people too so whoring out to them is still whoring . 
  what do they expect when they force everyone towards starvation . 
  pay rise by 78 % , original reduced by 77 % . 
  illuminaty bot confirmed . 
  the problem is where to put all the salt , desalination plants are already causing some problems in regions which use them . 
  lockjaw was the only good thing about this . 
  they should have just done a proper shield spinoff instead of weird standalone show . 
  heck at one point you might even become a president . 
  humans will be fine , we will fuck everything up twice before we will give up . 
  you are in for a treat . 
  the message . 
   that 's actually the most expensive way to do it, 
  that did not stop soviets . 
  when expenses go to corrupt oligarchs it is not really expenses . 
  do not read this !, 
  `` fucking hairless apes are laughing at me , what a shitty day . '', 
  this is definitely the best crossover you could hope for . 
  ca n't wait for jabba the muk . 
  though i am disappointed that this was not wobbu fett . 
  well i bet it still was a learning experience for them . 
  ca n't leave a timeline unfucked . 
  depends on how drunk she is . 
  submarine industry is where the money is at now . 
  so what you are saying is that there is a chance ? 
  you people really ca n't take a joke without getting offended . 
  no one here is serious other than you . 
  just come to the secret reddit orgies . 
  wait . . did no one invite you ? 
  oh now it so clear , aortas are complicated . 
  talk about yourself , i cant go programming until i do full barbell routine . 
  most ? 
  yea , but they call them holyburgers . 
  13 dollars a month , that is insanely low . 
  even in very poor nations people make at least 1 $ a day . 
  and out there they can afford food for it . 
  yea , it is austria ffs . 
  heck even if it was 100k for 5 years of work with those teeth ( not sure if there will be more , there could still be more corrections ) and probably other type of help needed it could take a big chunk of those 100k . 
  well it could be also because of crimea , georgia and shit like that . 
  but no , it is definitely because they need to think of excuses to have a job . 
  well fine , i 'll make my own vatican with blackjack and hookers . 
  there will certainly be some nailing to be done . 
  `` i find it quite embarrassing that i have to laugh out loud . '', 
  definitely symptom of being british . 
  from now on the hamster should be refereed to as magneto . 
  a kingdom . 
  i was thinking it was super resistant paint . 
  milk for anime . 
  i highly doubt it , it is not something what was affected by price changes . 
  how good is tyranny , ca n't decide if i should get that or dlc for hoi and eu4 . 
  is it very time consuming like most of this genre games ? 
  hmm , i bought 3 dlcs on 20th from humble store , but they did not seem to have had the price changes during the time , i am guessing i am not eligible ? 
  to each is their own , i have been playing eu4 for quite a while and when a new dlc comes out i am well pleased to pay for some new additions to the game which i spend more than enough time to justify the purchase on . 
  i understand though how it can be pricey to buy everything at once . 
  but you do n't need to do it , in a lot of cases game is fine with only a few of their dlc which you can get cheap during sales . 
  it is not like he can find the door to go outside with that level of attention to detail . 
  by this genre of games i meant crpgs which are all very time consuming . 
  well if it is his passion and he has money to do it then why the hell not invest a bit more into something you love ? 
  could be worse , you could be a magic player . 
  also the thing in the video is also a piece of visual art . 
  great to see that deadmau5 uses his wealth to support the industry instead of just keeping the money in bank . 
  when accounted to inflation you will probably not be able to buy lunch for that billion .
