  i barely understood him , so would most people , no wonder a voice recognition soft struggled . 
  calm down vlad . 
  or he might be the one who does it . 
  we will all be rich and will swim in trickled down cash . 
  oh ... not a thing : /, 
  ugh i knew it was going to happen . . 
  probably the best solution is some combination of 2 . 
  which would reduce the needed time to train pilot but would have advantages of having him . 
  are you one of those rare people who likes their landlord ? 
  usually it is studied by druids . 
  nah nah , its how you call people which will cause you cancer , like those annoying youtube commenters . 
  anyone else had a weird urge to count those letters to be sure it is 58 ? 
  like i would definitely write incorrect number in the title just to troll someone . 
  damn this looks very interesting . 
  as someone who is interested in overall science but focused on math for carrier i definitely need something what would tickle my biology interest and this looks like it is made by people who know what they are doing . 
  dude , do n't leave us hanging , did it work ? 
  well sometimes that 's the only option you have . 
  everyone knows that all the power is underground . 
  imagine we dig him up and he is alive and burning with determination to take over the world . 
  no wonder no one is digging him out . 
  he is only saying he is not going to play on the competitive mode of csgo . 
  which is reasonable since a lot of people play on non-valve servers because of a lot of reasons . 
  it is not the same gamemode , rules on faceit and other ones are different and more similar to what tournaments use , when people say competative they usually mean valve servers . 
  would probably paint the desk green since it is my favorite color and would get red color for liquid since the combo would work nice . 
  the dog would pee itself out of happiness . 
  op now 's your chance to make him leave her for you !, 
  nah that 's how rey happened , that 's why they shipped her out to a weird planet to hide it . 
  explains why she has so much force too . 
  honestly even in us ( europe/australia will have a lot of trouble with $ 400 ) can you build a first pc for $ 400 ? 
  you do need os , peripherals , monitor and then the pc itself . 
  especially before buying valentines day gift . 
  that is money well saved . 
  god damn koreans !, 
  beat us by 0.1 !, 
  with 20.5 mbps , south korea boasts for the fastest network connectivity and internet connection . 
  the country is followed by sweden , norway , switzerland , hong kong , netherlands , japan , finland , latvia , the check republic , denmark , romania and uk . 
  seriously , you leave us out ? 
  good for you , but this is irrelevant . 
  so the only option after that is use jailbroken version of os ? 
  yea , he knows his shit . 
  explains why european teams beat us teams in csgo . 
  how would you deal with / u/fuckswithducks ? 
  do n't do what this guy says !, 
  everything is a art if you want it to be . 
  what a professional guy , he cooked as if he was wearing clothes . 
  i hear they are going to add sockets to a back of your neck and you will experience a true vr . 
  and do denuvo games sell better ? 
  pretty safe since the waves are pretty small for that size of a boat . 
  i would not get even close to anything sharp on a sailing yacht in baltic sea especially during a thunderstorm . 
  rush long cyka blyat ? 
  this is why i find his shows annoying , he is always trying to push something too much . 
  i prefer watching non-american gordon ramsay shows , he really shows his passion and respect to others . 
  yeahhh !, 
  was n't it pesticides on crops ? 
  i heard that pope might or might not do that too !, 
  his interviews are always a bit bizarre but funny . 
  you think he even knows there was a video ? 
  apes build it long long time ago , french then found it during archaeological trip , decided to say they made it and give it to americans . 
  the movie is set in europe , we do n't get that mentioned though . 
  evidence melts away . 
  hundred cuts in your mouth helps you absorb the alcohol and taste it better . 
  helps you sell anything . 
  he was exploring the caves of mordor . 
  i am going to kickstart my dinner , will call it `` next gen pizza you will never taste '' !, 
  * no hamsters were hurt while writing the comment . 
  biggest gangbang ever . 
  what you are telling me is that when i say `` go fuck yourself '' to someone i should also send this kit ? 
  would be awkward with yogscast being there . 
  we only described ~ 20 % of species . 
  so much things in dirt at jungles are unidentified just because it wold take a lot of resources to do it . 
  pretty small for an elephant . 
  like what a fuck , an 8year old might not even realize the consequences of pointing a gun at someone and pulling the trigger ... how can parents like that be allowed to own a gun it is beyond me . . makes me glad i live in eu . 
  indeed, 
  if only they made more . . heck i even liked universe . 
  this story deserves a movie . 
  would be pretty interesting watch if it was made well . 
  it got a bit dark . 
  yea but instead of charging 10x the cost they can charge 30x . 
  uh i think i dropped my clever comment in another thread . . 
  i love animal segments on these shows and i love when will ferrell comes to talk with this weird characters on . 
  this is probably the best combination you could want . 
  i would guess that it is more towards the energy needed to sustain it than the actual period ( though it is important too i guess ) . 
  i do n't think we had a reactor to create more energy than it uses yet . 
  iter is tokamak and wendelstein is stellerator , which part of his second sentence confused you ? 
  so is scarlet witch . 
  no spidey ? 
  well at least we got captain america and x-men trailers which is pretty nice . 
  but yea , handegg seems like a weird game . 
  do it at least 10 times in the course of a year just to be sure . 
  you would really fit in at the dark ages , or in india . 
  damn did not hear about this , always hoped they would put it in a trailer to hype it even more . 
  lay-z new carrier twist for jay-z, 
  but way more quiet . 
  yeah , but shooting one at a watermelon would be still exciting . 
  uh , have not a lot of hope with casting like that . . 
  `` stickmans silent reaction to a moron gone sexual '', 
  you probably broke your arms once or twice . 
  what 25years ? 
  even now most people look at this and thinks `` wtf ? '', 
  its just that loud minority which shouts on social media is getting pleased .
