  im sold , where do i sign my soul off ? 
  im still waiting to fail my first map , sure some trouble occurs and my pop is a bit stagnated because of that , but its not serious . 
  did n't you swatch the episode ? 
  i could join you though i can play only after next tuesday . 
  sayans age differently so he might have been a bit older . 
  all of them, 
  woah , then again , with that much makeup and a complete opposite character can confuse . 
  5 trials is pretty much nothing when you are involved with rng . 
  probably would have a better script than now . 
  when the big freeze stops everything . 
  i think you should start learning how to read . . no one said it does n't exist , thats what you are pulling out of thin air . . 
  im not arguing that it might be questionable , just saying that thats not enough evidence to state that wiki is wrong . 
  agree with mines , cause you can just modify how much of iron there is to dig , but docks is pretty good to be hard to place . 
  german ? 
  huh , how many different keyboards are there . . 
  usually pro-athletes wear out their bodies and therefore are not as healthy at end of careers . 
  well the exp is the major change, 
  lithuania 1991 january 13, 
  yep , edited , thanks . 
  if i were rich as some of them i would want an aircraft carrier , a floating island sounds fun . 
  yea i will be playing ambush , too much frustration with hc and not a lot of time on my hands . 
  yea playing non-hardcore one , mainly cause it sounds pretty great for me and i dont have enough time to reroll chars after each death . 
  ugh yea i meant ambush , your last word distracted me . 
  can we fight on her side ? 
  i think i will just use them for fun ( just roll items and see what i get ) until endgame , then it will go into maps and gems if i have spares . 
  thanks for saving me some time . 
  first timer here , added tag so i hope second time wo n't happen . 
  yea as he said they are like ultimate skills so makes sense to have only 1 . 
  i think its quite opposite , it would only work on builds which has lots of slots . 
  as you need to have enough substitution for dmg until you get the souls . 
  but sure , 2 vaal builds are still going to happen , this is poe afterall , i just think that most common will be 1 vaal builds . 
  i have a kinda better idea , what about a race where you have to collect the fragments and defeat the endboss fastest ? 
  that would be one of longer races but could be fun . 
  yeah i know that the race is kinda happening for first 50/50 but could be made into normal race . 
  the skill itself is vaal skill , you cast it when you have souls , you dont cast its primal form because its like an ancient technology when people didint know how to use magic without relying on souls , im pretty sure in one of the vids it was explained . . 
  eucalyptus seems to do the job , im not sure if you can have it as pot plant but if so that might help to deal with them in your room when you got open window . 
  you should add timezone . 
  im not sure if im too sleepy , but i completely dont understand what you are suggesting . 
  then sure we can join up , i , though , as probably like most people , will only get back on game after the new leagues start , because now there is not much point in getting back into the game . 
  thats just how animals work , we assert our dominance over territory and flash our feathers to continue having it . 
  pretty much because the source is known pro-russian propaganda site and some people take it for granted . 
  not that both sides are telling the truth . 
  you are forgetting humans are animals with clothes . 
  thats why they are on black sea . 
  more moist out there . 
  if it will happen probably only in a form of mtx . 
  am who are you again ? 
  and as i hate jelly i guess ill downvote you . 
  starting new character when you screw up is kinda a feature of the game . 
  and getting back to endgame isnt really hard , join up parties and you can get back to 50 in no time . 
  there is nothing stopping you from respec ` ing , but if you mess up so much that you cant afford it after you spend your free respec points and whatever you can trade with currency then you should reroll and learn from your mistakes . 
  and if you dont have time to figure out builds then use ones already tested and perfected by other people . . 
  well replaying same content is part of arpg , d3 just cloaked it but didint get rid of it . 
  it happened with one european country , now its happening with another one and you dont see any destabilization ? 
  as much as people trying to say it will , its as likely as aliens invading earth . 
  those are very popularized by streamers/youtubers and therefore has most backing in researching and minmaxing them . 
  nope , only secret society mating is coming up . 
  yea and st is kinda fun spell , but i usually use it just as a skill to use untill other ones gets effective . 
  poor hunter , falls for it every time . 
  im not quite caught up with the game yet , what is tier 2 in it ? 
  so you mean that those 2 countries are meaningless ? 
  if its changing then its unstable and the fact that it was not a one time event makes it actually not in a stable state.it doesnt matter how many countries europe has . . 
  what helped me most is failures , the more mistakes you make the better you know how to play , watching some streams and youtubers helps a lot also . 
  it is in 0 way p2w , lag will effect you but if you wo n't go for hardcore leagues it will be reasonable . 
  archers are decent and not shunned . 
  as for guides look up the game forums . 
  in the jungle the mighty jungle . . 
  are you sure it didint just time travel like superman ? 
  portal ? 
  it would be good enough if it leads to closest town center . 
   wow . 
  much chaos . 
  so resist . 
  very recover . 
  - shibinu , the doge of sarn, 
  welp ... 
  i kinda really want that quiver to be a thing . 
  and im not even seen many doge memes or liked them in particularly . 
  didint they stop giving that award because nic cage wins every time, 
  if you think that way then you do pollute , just in different form . 
  they got beer , wine , sake , moonshine to replace vodka . 
  always a good time to do a dice-roll build . 
  he might be in those places where poe is unavailable on steam . 
  im pretty sure d3 has similar drops between content patches . 
  the thing is that games are like that , people will leave after playing even if you give them rewards and there is pretty much nothing stopping them from getting bored of game except new content , not rewards . 
  so you are basically a thief ? 
  chris commented in one of the posts that its ~ 12hrs + away . 
  most of teenagers have enough self control not to break law , opposite to what is usually popularized by media . 
  im just trying to be less negative . 
  every time i say `` i have plans tonight '' . 
  im a bit confused , desync ? 
  not seeing what could cause such burst . 
  sometimes i think that cats are the ones who knows the real meaning in life . 
  ok , thanks for explaining , ive been out of the game for too long . 
  the fact that if you google poe maphack and sites claiming to have them pops out does n't mean actual hacks exist , most of those will be scams , keylogs and other crap . 
  cant we ,3 countries , just hold hands say a phrase ant combine into a robot ? 
  probably basing it on january 13 1991 , not that its a good analogy . 
  poland probably has few , but lithuania is small country , not a rich one either and just 20 years since regained freedom , which probably should indicate that our military is a bit low , though the people would tear any invaders apart . 
  so was ukraine , and quite big chunk of europe . 
  there is a bit too much fear going around , its just russian intimidation tactics , they will not risk invading eu , but they can use any response out of us and force huge prices on us for resources such as natural gas ( which they already did several times ) .
