  pretty trashy . 
  running minecraft with high textures/shaders + 100 mods is quite taxing on the pc . 
  the last season though ... 
  having a pet is pretty expensive in tokyo as i heard , that 's probably just him thinking economically . 
  because his actions just makes you purely hate him . 
  the thing is , he does not give a fuck about our downvotes , i wonder if he is going to get any real punishment ( legal , do n't want someone get punished for punching that asshole ) . 
  like he did all this shit twice already . 
  same , just thought that it 's not worth the time to search it frame by frame for editing mistakes . 
  just because system does not protect us from scumbags does not mean the society should not try to do it . 
  damn this is one of those bundles which has a lot of good games but i am not going to buy it , i just would just pick one of those games and play that ignoring the rest . 
  sag pretty much have no leverage there , lets even ignore non-union voice actors . 
  `` bob , the dev from upstairs has a nice voice . 
  sure he has no experiance , but we can have some basic training , record those 200 lines and have the sound editor clean it up a bit , it will not be morgan freeman , but it will sound very close to that . '', 
  `` today our agenda is to crap on that one particular red car ! '', 
  seems like you got one of those viper pc cases . 
  in grand scheme , everything is redundant . 
  have no one introduced you to incognito mode ? 
  yea she was very immature . 
  i understood the referance !, 
  yea to compress the image making it in worse quality . 
  i thought it was covered by ice , what is that red wasteland ? 
  well i do n't live on pluto so it took me only 10s . 
  it kinda depends on whether you can afford switching apartments . 
  i am pretty sure thats not how planets planet . 
  pluto is planet , believe !, 
  who would say they did that to themselves ? 
  i like his mustache . 
  i 've heard they are not even real american puppies !, 
  or just switch to next ad blocker . 
  i do n't know man , does it have fiber ? 
  he had a refined taste of shit . 
  all i have is weird al song stuck in my head . 
  but i did not hear happy before i saw the parody . 
  obviously say the pretty one . 
  cities definitely should not have as many cars as they do . 
  so that could solve something . 
  well question if he ran or walked still stands . 
  or he had other issues which cause him to run the game without actually playing it . 
  well that is still amazingly impressive . 
  but japan has all that workout stuff they do before work , so most of them should be pretty healthy ? 
  i am not sure whether i am getting old or something , but recently every time i see these i mostly think on how stupid the idea was . 
  damn you have low self esteem mate . 
  god damn hackers , trigger bots everywhere . 
  some of the hacks on csgo are seriously impressive , but there are also spin bots who just spin and jerk around hitting everyone in the head . 
  skydiving has tons of safety precautions and other thing , and even with that people die . 
  this guy did not have anything to save him if something would go wrong . 
  how the hell did i miss that . . 
  i never knew i needed this that much in my life . 
  she just wanted to post her food on instagram . 
  wait . . 
  there are tortoise with spike under their neck ? 
  nutella gods are laughing at you . 
  are you quadriplegic ? 
  dream and 5 reports :d, 
  you need to commit seppuku every time you do laundry . 
  i guess he was playing a long con with vw . 
  fuck my ears ... 
  usually i then go , screw it , i 'll just play some csgo . 
  we just ca n't live a day without `` cyka bliat '' . 
  is n't that every day in britain ? 
  dota 2 in trash folder :d, 
  it was not me , but as a redditor i have to say , i did that !, 
  if you are lucky . 
  is the voice actor same as the one in south park who voiced that asian guy in centipede episode ? 
  their imitation of accent sounds similar . 
  someone should film that . 
  is this something i should do with some picture editing tool or does it solvable with normal stuff like paint or windows picture thing ? 
  now i imagine someone actually doing that . 
  i give up , the only thing i thought was to play around with color temperature in the photo . . 
  but that did not give me results . 
  i really hope op is just a big troll instead of me being incapable to figure this out . 
  well dude , explain what was the solution !, 
  nah , it will be 21/11/2111 . 
  damn i think vegans went too far with this one . 
  i just want them to get to binary search scene faster . 
  damn , japanese version of siri is weird . 
  they would run out of money . 
  so that you could witness her !, 
  just the payment . 
  yea because wood burns at pc temps . . 
  they will just double the nano . 
  next one will be a skeleton . 
  pcmr the new vw . 
  her cold heart freezes her prey ? 
  flying dutchman, 
  aliens who would probe our broadcast would be soo confused . 
  well , op is getting older while his mother is staying young , i think he is her food bank . 
  communist black holes spreads everything around instead of sucking it in . 
  i could only follow half of the things which were said . 
  and those were mostly swear words . 
  well dont they usually live only ~ 1year and not reproduce inside you ? 
  so in that case without eating more of the eggs you get to be fine not that long after getting infected . 
  well that is obviously not a dry humour . 
  well , your cousin 's friend is definatelly a creep . 
  god damn goa'uld . 
  whats the fucking difference , its an eye . . 
  so ... bdsm, 
  all fun and games until it grows up and tries to do that . 
  well all flowing water is drinkable . 
  i laughed at some of these , i guess i am racist now .
