  6895 , would like kerbal space program . 
  imagine dwayne playing lex luthor . 
  i also enjoyed the movie a lot . 
  it is not perfect but it was entertaining and worth the money i spent . 
  meh , if i was into photography i would find this as a great little gift . 
  i guess i was just not raised in environment where price of the gifts made a difference . 
  it would be very good to have a bulky lex for once . 
  and he is not too bad at acting , though we did not see him playing a genius so hard to tell . 
  how many pairs of shoes did you use already ? 
  if only one then what shoes are you using ? 
  having some wine in it might have done the trick . 
  but i guess it would depend on how good does it close . 
  reading the title i thought that some kind of revamped mythbusters show is coming . 
  slightly disappointed but still cool to remember the good old episodes . 
  damn did not know about this . 
  sounds pretty cool from the description . 
  even as windshield wiper fluid . 
  this and that weird tongue thing he did during one interview . 
  if he was parachuting he was not in control of the plane was he ? 
  i thought it was `` i peed into someones shoes '' grin . 
  i am reading dark tower series and ca n't imagine reading each book in a week . 
  would love hearts of iron iv ( i think it is in the range ) . 
  would love hearts of iron iv, 
  would like prison architect , one of those games which i want to play but always some other game comes up and eats my gaming budget . 
  you mean the tourist ? 
  yea , the correct answer . 
  this is an insane sum of money to even think about . 
  though should add `` not telling anyone about your win '' . 
  it is better than it sounds as far as i heard from people who play dating sims . 
  would love kerbal space program . 
  mostly because it is one of those games which reminds me the incredible machines ( i know they are very different games , but the idea of using game physics to achieve certain goals are similar ) which was very important game in my childhood . 
  one of those games which i usually put away in my wishlist since some other game comes up and now i am trying to decide whether to buy planet coaster or hearts of iron iv ( both of these are out of range for the giveaway ) and put away buying kerbal towards next sale because of budget constrains . 
  cool , subscribed in case i still ca n't decide by friday . 
  was kinda thinking this is something would interest more people so decided to make a post here . 
  maybe it was too small of a question for this . 
  is it stardew valley ? 
  i thought taiwan was numba one ? 
  that sound like a good thing to me , forces you to make your park a bit more dynamic . 
  most of the first argument sound very similar to how old rct worked . 
  you have some clunky start and end up having it easy . 
  i kinda liked that . 
  though i see how it can get boring . 
  seems like it is time you create the `` temporary '' folder to throw most of your desktop icons into . 
  at least that 's what i do when it gets cluttered on mine . 
  is it shit in a bad way of in a good hilarious way ? 
  i also really liked the invisible fight in ghost in the shell . 
  they probably are n't supposed to be sitting so dodging would be easier . 
  would be great to see them be successful in mobile phone sector again . 
  more competition should be better . 
  the problem is that they were out of the sector for quite a bit of time and in order to pick up consumers they need to cater to what is popular instead of trying out new gimmick . 
  too high of a risk for them to screw up . 
  and if current technology would allow week long batteries we would have that in most of the phones due to competition . 
  once they are again popular then they can try to innovate and test out new products for niche markets . 
  that must have cost as much as real house . 
  have you tried adjusting temperature of water ? 
  i heard that it can be a big factor whether the cat will be fine with it or not . 
  rubber band one seems to be sketchy . 
  also no mention of the spoon technique which is probably the most useful . 
  yeah , who the hell thinks plastic stuff are insignificant . 
  maybe they knew what they are doing , or maybe they did consult the vet ? 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment . 
  knowing that 31st will be 1 second longer this seems pretty accurate . 
  leds are obviously rgb . 
  can you polish my joystick ? 
  but the question had nothing to do with your videos . 
  obviously plymouth barracuda season . 
  that look of confusion is still the same . 
  or 72 billion dollars to me . 
  fucking barry . . 
  have not been seeing the numbers often , what is the estimated number of rebels ? 
  62 000 sounds a lot without knowing the total number . 
  it is great to go over old saved posts to look at something you found interesting . 
  he can always adopt me . 
  would be interesting to see a more serious sanji . 
  he might have his hands blown off so that could have a serious affect on his personality . 
  since now he is joining straw hats maybe franky will make him prosthetic one . 
  well damn , that only leaves me 43 billions . 
  back to me . 
  wait , the bullet itself shattered ? 
  that 's impressive . 
  that would be quite a fire . 
  10 billion in 100 dollar bills would cover decent volume . 
  i think that would weight 100 tons . 
  rip womble , 2016 aligned with his brother took another hero from us . 
  is there a limit to how large you could make one of these other than logistical one ? 
  can brook even die ? 
  i think even if his skeleton would be destroyed he could just take over a new one . 
  nah , mystic gohan is the beast . 
  hopefully he will reappear in db : s. 
  computer network in the sky . 
  lets call it skynet . 
  are n't they required to do so ? 
  scale helps organizing the cleaning at lower costs . 
  would really like hearts of iron iv . 
  some say he was born in a suit . 
  and proceeds to nuke a city . 
  where the hell is that ? 
  the music sync made this 100 times better . 
  as long as the box was not used for anything dirty it would be perfectly fine . 
  do they get bad fast ?
