  you probably have been added to several new lists . 
  not even supercomputers at cern can do that . 
  oh god . . 
  the lotus one . . 
  and ? 
  you can still eat in mcdonald 's from time to time and be an athlete . 
  athletes ( most of them ) just have better discipline and self control . 
  with that you can eat wherever you want . 
  interesting , where i live , big mac is 26g of fat . 
  and ceasar salad is 10 . 
  so how are you getting 54 . 
  but the title is accurate , it does say what article says , just some people have weird interpretations . 
  it also probably has something to do with country too . 
  that 's actually pretty cool , this should save a lot of lives hopefully . 
  where i live it 's also if translated to english is short/far sighted , i 'm sure that 's the case in a lot of places . 
  used to have similar , then i started lowering it by small amounts , my sens still huge , but i kinda enjoy it more this way . 
  he would need quote some time to adjust to new sens , still gradually reducing ( -0.05 each week or less ) is best option , though it still has negative impact on my performance . 
  hmm , did n't even know gold nanotubes are a thing . 
  they are also very far away from russia , where neighbor countries are suffering a bit of a hit because of sanctions and export drop . 
  better than nothing , and lowered stress probably helps with weight control . 
  meh , i prefer having 0,05 sens , have to run from one side of the room to another to make 10 degree turn . 
  yea heart wrenching episode of the flash . 
  yea , i remember playing on pirated cs1 .6 as a kid , old times with terrible practices , though back in the day it was a bit harder to get legit version where i was . 
  do n't forget sticker capsules giving teams a bit of income . 
  well , those were n't that terrible . 
  how you doin ' ? 
  huh ? 
  how in the hell did this spoil anything ? 
  no one ever really dies in comics . . 
  yea that a bit was meant figuratively . 
  as a metric system user , no idea what is wrong with this picture . . 
  ok , i 'm confused , who and why decided 12 inches = 1 foot , seems very random . 
  well i did not expect heizenberg . . 
  wtf are these settings . . 
  focus group was bunch of 1 year olds . 
  that seemed like a brilliant idea . . 
  shoes still on , so yea . 
  nah , code for golden shower . 
  looks like downs syndrome , but i 'm not an expert . 
  but google pictures look similar . 
  dating . . 
  we are colonizing the world , we just disguised it as emigration . 
  yea . . 
  i think people who would do it could just go for psychological evaluation and they would not get drafted . 
  i interned in a bank where they still use xp . . 
  wait ... 
  i thought it already did . . 
  i think it 's more likely that big car companies will be better competition once they star pushing more electric vehicles . 
  yea , i tried playing a4 for several months , but it completely does n't fit my style , and i never run out of bullets ( unless i spray smoke too much ) . 
  well everyone in iceland is a big family so they do n't need banks . 
  in canada , that 's equivalent of american getting 100 . 
  well , we are flipping tables quite a lot . . 
  crime too risky when there is a high chance of robbing a burning house . 
  someone will eventually make a mod for that . 
  nope, 
  i will add it to a list of million movies i need to watch . 
  why were n't you at monday 's meeting ? 
  i already see an ad `` even on mars we eat mars '' . 
  maybe all of this is jus a big publicity stunt to raise the shows ratings ? 
  you bloody bastard , well you missed the sacrifice of 13 puppies . 
  fuck you guys . 
  gon na blow my load . . 
  next time will even feel better man , trust me . 
  he reposted this picture with his alt and now he uses this to gain comment karma !, 
  he seems like someone who would stab me and take my phone , not give me a cheeseburger . . 
  hey , its reddit , you can now steal my idea and unidan this . 
  with books like 50shades of gray , everyone can be a writer too . 
  if you consider torturing your intelligence with badly written book a good thing . 
  wait what ? 
  who even calls middle eastern people as black ( or n *** ers ) . . 
  i get why you are trying to insult us and call us kids , its nice for you yo be still 16 , but i never met any adult who considered writing in that book good , not even the people who read those kind of books . 
  nah , just trying to be as polite as i can . 
  yea . . its a bit too hard to believe that this was legit . . then again , we do not know either of the people . 
  675 , my favorite game is probably civ5 , i can always pick up that game and relax for few ( ~ 30 ) hours . 
  i think that these are not the robots we should worry about . . 
  furby also was able to blink . 
  i do n't see them taking over the world . 
  thats where i go for eye bleach after seeing all the gruesome stuff on / r/aww . 
  what a ballsy bull . . 
  is there a full photo ? 
  how about the moon ? 
  or mars ? 
  they drive monster trucks and pick-up trucks everywhere since the gas is cheap as a dirty whore . 
  probably costs a lot . . 
  i do n't think this makes sense in any language . . 
  3 years of being part of illuminati ? 
  wtf are these ? 
  interstellar dancers, 
  how can you ruin something what is already ruined ? 
  seems like she just wanted to stir up some drama . 
  where is james bond when we need him ? 
  and it does have a price , you pay water bills do n't you ? . . 
  what nestle is doing , is buying it for pretty much nothing and then selling it , they should not be allowed to do that . 
  why would he need to say that when it already pretty much is ? 
  have you not heard about them at all or something ? 
  what are those strings attached to op , who seems to be a bit pale , for ? 
  couple of years is all they need . 
  how expensive of a ponce are you ? 
  but then he will not be able to fly . . and he looks like he is trying to !, 
  wow . . just wow ...
