  what are you doing with that fork ? 
  dude , i think that all of us are crazy , they just not always know that . 
  i 'm surprised that they still manage to fit buildings inside tokyo . 
  are n't there cards which are cheaper and better for professional work ? 
  damn , i just started the game few days ago and i 'm wondering when i should do first ascension , ca n't imagine getting to 10 . 
  mother of watermarks !, 
  he is just taking his cat out for a walk . 
  or he is very hungry , feed your pet op !, 
  yea its just confusing of how much mutagen should i have , though i 'm currently only spending energy on cloning/time warp to get the price down . 
  oh wow , i will be able to change the colours too ? 
  are these drop filters easy to set up manually ? 
  meh , those do n't drop anyway . 
  what about his hunger to kill ? 
  thanks !, 
  yea but we are talking about south australia . 
  nah they have a landfill for that . 
  nah , that is a dog . 
  yea it looks like that in a lot of eastern european countries because of them . 
  damn , so that 's how lvl 100 monk looks like . 
  does n't it say for what gender the toilet is right next to the door ? 
  well , at least it 's not chocolate rain . 
  guys , is there a title for this post ? 
  there are no friends on reddit !, 
  that 's why no one even uses the friend list on the site . 
  yea . . good luck with that . . 
  gold did the same with humans . 
  damn 64gigs of ram , all that storage , i7 and only one 970 ? 
  what was this built for ? 
  because why not ? 
  well , they do n't even have to be intelligent . 
  what the hell are popcorn balls ? 
  you are just being experimented on by scientists , they lace the waffles with all kind of stuff . 
  we do n't want you to be okay , we want you to be great !, 
  sjws will always complain . 
  not enough for minecraft server . 
  it 's never too bad to report someone if you think he might be sketchy . 
  she has a coastal city now , thanks to sjin . 
  the third bucket we do n't see is pretty amazing too . 
  yet . . 
  not forever , they still would need to land for maintenance . 
  cause earthquakes and volcanoes to fuck dragons up . 
  well ... that 's pretty much what i expected . 
  same happens when you are a sociopath . 
  luckily there are tons of drunk people here , though i live on first floor and i do n't have a laser pointer . . 
  it would be probably months , there was an article on economist about one of the companies ( forgot which , maybe google ) is planning on using solar powered planes to provide internet connection , and it stated they would probably have to land every few months for maintenance . 
  but that 's probably because it 's not just a simple plane with only motor , batteries and navigation . 
  well i bet blood of virgin would not be a hard thing for specific demographics . 
  yea , i always wondered how these tests looked like . 
  i would not call cal very lovable . 
  more like , you can understand that he has feelings for his family , but he is still unstable and aggressive sociopath . 
  not sure if roof is easily accessible , never actually tried to get there . 
  do n't want to climb 5 stories of stairs just to get disappointed . 
  this was kinda brilliant . 
  gf asked to come over for the night probably . 
  that 's where underground laser sales happen . 
  here in lithuania lasers are kinda our tech pride . 
  though those are probably not handheld . 
  well what do you expect ? 
  every report to be correct on getting actual cheaters ? 
  that 's why there is overwatch . . 
  he was probably not given the book of men . 
  happens from time to time . 
  but if you stop eating africans then the overpopulation issue will become even worse out there !, 
  damn . . this box went from being turn on to blowing the load pretty quickly . . 
  `` young healthy child '' might be tricky in africa . 
  today is already mothers day in few places . 
  well we ca n't all be lucky . 
  it would never work out , people would just start begging for commends and start trading commendations . 
  system is good as it is . 
  i think you should count the knives . 
  maybe he had spare equipment he never uses and found a way to use them . 
  that 's how some men manscape their ass . 
  we are creating more choices , so now instead of depending on one unstable source for energy we can buy it elsewhere if it 's better . 
  also his full and very detailed biography . 
  what if he will survived by sacrificing everyone around him ? 
  damn , first time seeing bat ear , what 's next ? 
  well the mascot sprayed some shit on his head , clothes an into his drink . . 
  it calculated age of their dynasty . 
  well he retaliated in the same way the mascot treated him . 
  not saying that what he did was good , but the mascot was a dick also , probably even bigger . 
  siri is talking about the next one . 
  her videos on their youtube channel are pretty cool too . 
  for example her video about snacks in space https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehgs2lhlq6s ( just now i saw that one of the peanuts escaped from the bag and is floating behind her ), 
  he did not have to , but that 's what you should expect from a person in the heat of the game and intoxicated . 
  easily , good projector probably cost a third of that . 
  congrats op , you are now pregnant with worms !, 
  poor guy will probably starve to death or something . 
  you should brush your teeth properly op !, 
  this makes a bit more sense . 
  i 'd better have vac bans than a shitty operation like the last few . 
  problem is that these ban waves are still very ineffective , cheaters will just use one of the cheaply bought accounts and play with that while using undetected cheats . 
  whats inappropriate in these ? 
  seems pretty fun way to attract kids attention and have him learn a bit . 
  you probably could not run fast enough to escape though . 
  whoever took this pick had a great timing . 
  also is that one of the dads holding on kids leg ? 
  i would report instantly , this would look a bit too sketchy behind the smoke . 
  it is all about the timing , you need to fit into the time when americans wake up and europeans are going to sleep , or vice versa . 
  this way you will catch broader audience . 
  do n't forget people , people kill you too !,
