  well there are shit loads of brands of toilet paper , so companies have to push their brand . 
  i want it , as for financial situation , im a student and currently with no income . 
  steam id : http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt, 
  hand gestures ipmlying sex always help, 
  some kind of initiation into darwin olympics ? 
  nothing some duct tame could n't fix . 
  oh is that actor from those star wars movies ? 
  helmets , the suit which hardens from impact , and bobsled took most of the energy . 
  but then idiots wo n't have jobs !, 
  im more curious why are you talking about tampons with your little brother ? 
  obviously , the more i think i start doubting that that was his job . 
  hey , maybe the brother had broken arms . 
  i think he meant the 4month leagues . 
  well you should learn how to give your text some structure , no one will read it , not because its long , but because it has 0 structure . 
  well i cant even imagine how good it must feel to have that username :d, 
  recently won my first emperor also , was poland and also went for science because thats a great sync with whole gaining policy each new era . 
  for the whole game i was pretty much last in points , only when the ai decided to fight a bit each other they pushed one behind me . 
  they never attacked me , few denounces only , i guess i was lucky ( also the fact that i pushed for those 6 free soldiers policy helped to be on par with my military ) . 
  forgot to mention started on north american continent so i was pretty turtled up so that also helped . 
  im sorry that you cant please his mom . 
  its really not that hard on king diff , i most of the time go random and win . 
  emperor though is hard and after winning one i think ill stay with king and play around with all those cool mods . 
  another way is to james bond, 
  til except viruses , someone else uses xp . 
  who doesnt do this ? 
  til cs can capture cities . 
  he does n't say they do n't exist in europe , he only said he never seen it . 
  i 've been to all of your named countries and never seen it ( though i were n't cloth shopping in most of them ) , but that does n't mean there are n't any ... 
  i never understand when i have to stop the growth : /, 
  i always find it funny when ai asks for iron during war trade , everyone has nukes but he still need iron for those op swordsman . 
  huge map for 10civs is one of the problems , but also the fact that a lot of them wants ob for cultural influence . 
  well for silver perspective is a bit worse but im still impressed by how overall people are kinda nice and chill . 
  ofc sometimes you get trolls or people who just get angry at themselves and team , but not as bad as in other games . 
  i wonder if its similar in non-eu ? 
  hey i prefer bath !, 
  nail polish ? 
  yea , i do n't understand such topics , people from all the nations will sometimes speak in their native tongue . 
  i 've seen as many scandinavians ( sorry , i usually confuse their languages ) as russians talking in their language . 
  i just named him god of tv gifs , seems like fitting title . 
  they are usually the ones who run out before the fire ... ( sorry ), 
  declawed ? 
  huh , that was a good laugh , thanks !, 
  i would do so but now im busy reading steven king books . . 
  its sad that people dont understand how huge the oceans are . . 
  simcity 2013 ( what a joke for a game and killed a big part of my soul ), 
  seems quite realistic . 
  well i was burned by simcity and im contemplating getting this one , though 20 euros are a bit much , but maybe ill gain part of it in cs : go and then buy after few weeks . 
  im not questioning weather its worth the money ( pretty much impossible to say that without actually playing ) , im just saying i cant spend that much atm . 
  he must have teaching some crazy stuff like heliocentric model of solar system !, 
  achievement *, 
  cant you just wait for a payday or if you arent working ask for parents for some kind of chore ? 
  2 euros is 1 beer , shouldnt be that hard . 
  they might give if you would be respectful and make some kind of deal with them ... 
  and still you have 17euros , then it means you got them from somewhere and that means you can get the rest in a w/e period of time , begging for money because you are impatient is not really fair . 
  especially when im sure there are good number of people like me who are patiently waiting till they can actually buy the game and not wasting others time by begging . 
  thanks, 
  point ant click is pretty accurate technically :d, 
  would like dust, 
  dont have the game yet but as far as i seen it could be that you expanded houses too late or that they are unhappy . 
  i guess they are japanese . 
  sorry , non of those interest me . 
  the problem you might have is that all of those combined dont think is equal to the cost of banished , as all of those games probably were as part of a bundle . 
  yes but market value is far smaller than 60bucks and steam trade goes according to its market value not the store value . 
  that blood might be nutritious , feed your villagers . 
  they should make that if your people are starving they eat leather . 
  sorry offtopic ... 
  you moron . . its taken from up high , but that pool looks very much like a bottle cap and also strange carpet might confuse you . . 
  there are different kind of iq tests , and they also need adjustments and normalization which sometimes gets forgotten . 
  i guess usa and no insurance ? 
  i though think its pretty good test to identify ones in lower percentiles and look into what might be causing the low scores . 
  everything above average though is pretty subjective . 
  i think it might be a curse of super powered characters genre , look at alphas and misfits , all went downhill ( though they fluctuated a bit ) . 
  what about food production ? 
  bugs bunny , pretty much he is immortal and cant be hurt by anything , that makes worth it i guess . 
  dont forget to make him builder , so that he could use hammers . 
  well but then again , when i taken it i was a teen ( thats when its most accurate ) and at that time boosting about my dumb 130 + ( now i dont even remember how much exactly did i get ) was natural . 
  and now here i sit unmotivated and with depression , sure i can perform most thing i would want to and studying at uni ( math ) is not that hard , but i dont think that i live up to my `` potential '' which i scored 10 years ago . 
  death is the best guide . 
  dont they stop villagers from hoarding resources ? 
  it also depends on playstyle . 
  i must be lucky , first town , now at 15 + years an relatively no problems yet . 
  im pretty sure the end is near though , as all first towns end up dead . . 
  it might be more risky to sit in that strangers car completely naked . 
  statistics researcher center , similar to town-hall but provides more graphs and other spreadsheet business . 
  bust be one of those catholic names . 
  something slight off topic , any1 know if graveyard has to be close to main population ? 
  there is murder though , and archery could be a good hunter . 
  you sure its not visual bug ? 
  i had road which still appeared to exist but allowed to be built upon . 
  hey do you work at ea ? 
  i 'm still waiting for the extinction , im very lucky , first outbreak did n't have casualties , tornado flew right next to the town and did n't touch anything , still no fires and etc. . 
  damn thats a brilliant idea , go patent it untill someone steals it !, 
  you probably are one of the majority , though i might fit in smaller demographic who prefers to watch movies in cinema alone . 
  dont forget taking huge tv box , folding it and sliding on it down the stairs !, 
  we men dont grow out of dumb stuff . 
  i dont really know as i dont live in environment where there are other racial groups , but from what i see a lot of people from other races are given advantages because of the overused racial diversity admission everywhere . 
  enhance , is that a fingerprint ? 
  his wife killed him . 
  on your first point , having ability to get spreadsheet of your town data would be cool , especially as a learning material ( good simulated data to fit models ) for fellow statisticians/econometrists . 
  we would r the shit out of it .
