  and when big companies change to less carbon emitting processes they will make sure that that method gets as cheap as it can . 
  instead of being an asshole you could share your econ101 knowledge with that person . . 
  is it 2000s again ? 
  i do n't like tricking people so no thanks , ill stay to be data analyst . 
  tbh , psychology is an interesting science , especially the ways to apply it into statistical models . 
  so why buy ps4/3 if they have the awesome ps2 . 
  so he still wears same clothes from back when he was a kid ? 
  nope i study econometrics . 
  its quite hard to explain , we apply statistical and mathematical methods to economic data and try to see how everything interacts and how we could use those interactions to predict what will happen . 
  but thats just one of the things econometrics are applied to . 
  damn that 's savant level of logic , no wonder we humble members of pc master race are incapable of understanding it . 
  op mark as nsfw , cgi too realistic . 
  damn i think this was my first rpg . 
  what a great game , sadly i lost the cd somewhere . 
  would like crusader kings ii . 
  thanks, 
  what does it have to do with your johnson ? 
  and after chemo you will be brave and bold . 
  it might be the case that the raft is empty and with full load of people it would land a bit better . 
  i would hope that they engineer it so that it does n't do vaults when descending into water . 
  i think that he is 11 years old but looks like a month old baby . 
  damn chucky seem to be eating well . 
  took me a sec to realize its a gif not a picture . . 
  i cant even try to imagine what your username checks out as . 
  `` the baby came out like a wreeecking ball . '', 
  are the rings moving and its just very low pixel difference or did source provided bad resolution of it ? 
  if you got it from youtube it might be their stupid compressors fault . 
  what breed is this ? 
  these colours look strange on him . 
  nah , no need for that . 
  its just that i 'm not really related to graphical design/video editing so i ca n't tell anything . 
  hazmat suit would be probably better . 
  can i borrow to wear it during halloween ? 
  but i 'm sure you as a grandma could teach them how true american food tastes like ? 
  i never really enjoyed it much , though most food i ate in italy was awesome so i guess that 's my food country , though i 'm not american so i cant really tell how your cultural cuisine tastes like ( since , i 'm sure , mcdonalds does n't count ) . 
  sorry i 'm confused , english is not my native language . 
  the biggest surprise was the true italian pizza , made in old rock ovens , now pizza in chain restaurants just do n't really taste that good . 
  damn did n't know about authentic italian pizza laced with magic mushrooms . 
  whats your favorite french dish ? 
  she was too old as they said iirc . 
  for adoption , maybe ? 
  i think that they do n't want to send someone to fosterhome who has lower chances of adoption and would just feed on the money . 
  yea same thing for me . . 
  iirc you would need at least 10 ~ 20 kilos of nuclear material for it to be a nuclear bomb , i do n't really think that is easily obtainable , nor it is small . 
  yea 9800gtx was a great card , i had it for close to 6 years and worked almost perfectly , i retired the pc this summer , now my grandma uses it for w/e simple games grandmas plays . 
  i always wondered , what kind of knowledge job like that requires , seems like not much understanding about actually knowledge on how computer works is necessary ? 
  i think i had a stroke while reading this . . 
  but what about baltics bro ? 
  do n't you know about those popular head transplants which are trending these days ? 
  just congratulate your friends for coming out of closet . 
  cool i 'm in , we will have lithuanian lasers , estonian it and latvian . . hmm . . i guess . . potatoes ? 
  cs : go taught me this reply `` i 've learned it from her last night '' . 
  yea , guys out here are great , and usually you can have a lot of funny dialogues without getting bashed . 
  well i guess we will have their 3 tanks . 
  not really working , but still tanks . 
  does estonia have lots of nato jets stationed or is this only lithuania who has them to cover the eastern europe ? 
  just say that left handed people are n't allowed to use guns . 
  well its not too far fetched way of thinking . 
  mirrors can be made using aluminum . 
  tukituki , i bet this is `` i am idiot '' in some language . 
  [ my steam id ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt ), 
  you mean bing ? 
  nope , albert einstein . 
  he remembered the last time he tried to stop a girl from falling . 
  wrong spidey mate . 
  which are what exactly ? 
  how can we protect ourselves against this guy called 4chan ? 
  but if i do n't use facebook , whats the point in being vegan ? 
  i used to assume posts like that were sarcasm/satire . . 
  since no gamers i personally know fits any of those criteria . 
  well its true , its extremely better for environment , but killing less animals is not my concern , having less animals overall is the necessary thing , we have too many of them . 
  yea i totally agree , i 'm not really that into meat also , i only eat it because it is a bit convenient now , i am eating a low amount of it and yep occasionally i eat hunted boar meat . 
  you have to pay extra to not be stuck with console afteral . 
  this is how i imagine sjw sees gamers . 
  i do n't really think you need all those dlc , only several adds something worthy , the game itself has steep learning curve so you would need to put quite some time before you start playing it easily . 
  just go to / r/randomactsofgaming and have an equal chance . 
  personally i think it would reduce the demand for the game and will lock out a lot of people from experiencing it . 
  not having keyboard/mouse support also suggests me that game is done hastily and with poor design decisions, 
  well you cant milk all the threads for karma . 
  sorry but as far as i see only small % of cannabis is used for medical reasons , a lot of people use it only as an excuse for smoking it . 
  this is just too stupid to be true . . 
  meh , i 'm saving my money in case new civ is good . 
  hey buddha did n't eat much and he was ok !, 
  let the water hit the poooooot . 
  well screw you , i wanted to write haiku about ll too . . 
  i guess i 'll skip the giveaway because i have nothing better to say . 
  nokia x6 , have it since release and its fairly functioning , i 'm pretty antisocial so i do n't use it too much and so there is no reason to spend money in upgrading it . 
  that just seem like it needs just a bit of cleaning . 
  nah you deserve it more than i do , i will get it on winter sale ( maybe there will be sale on the new version of it ) . 
  yea , something happened and then fire nation attacked . 
  nah man , just follow the path and on third reich you will find a shelter . 
  i would imagine that is still decent for wide play ? 
  just rush several colonists and then you will get cities faster and with less need of protection . 
  like a water melon . 
  space nazis needs to happen in a mod . 
  led by gandhi . 
  are there luxuries in be ? 
  hmm it seems like they took away one of very good things : / . 
  nah i fully understand that they intended the useful materials be the priority in colonized world and any luxuries are irrelevant . 
  there are as far as i saw quite a few strategic resources .
