  i was surprised by the massive amount of synths i had to fight so early in the game ( this was probably my 3rd or 4th mission ) . 
  they do seem very odd to exist in fo . 
  same in lithuania . 
  like extended u. 
  `` i 'm just cosplaying ! '', 
  nah man . . we are closer to some new bullshit fillers . 
  no way we are seeing the new ark anytime soon . 
  go and donate , volunteer , do some actual help instead of taking picture of something what does not matter to people affected by this tragedy . . 
  the thing is , if you know that you can build it cheaper then you will . 
  people who buy these usually have no idea about that . 
  then again that is pretty much what you said . . 
  i have no idea what you are trying to say op . . 
  futuristic german porn , that 's what this will lead to . 
  it has thin atmosphere , what do you expect ? 
  so many things go wrong . . 
  i am really trying hard to understand what he is trying to say , but nothing makes sense . . 
  it 's like a bad ai trying to communicate . 
  those scary monkeys and teddy bears in weird places are everywhere . 
  just devs having fun . 
  that would be a great mod !, 
  damn , and i thought i would keep track of what i did not explore by clearing ones i do . 
  i am having trouble of tracking stuff and thinking i will miss things . 
  with razor blades . 
  does piper do the same ? 
  especially when it is clouds or smth , they dont really need to be different . 
  oh you bet i do !, 
  well they did allegedly blow russian plane too . . 
  though people on facebook did not change their pictures so it might not count . 
  yea i shoot every monkey i see . 
  i wish there was an achieve for this . 
  what kind of doctor should i become to do that ? 
  freudian psychologist ? 
  what about that guy who you meet near the start who says he ate something bad and he will fart so stay away ? 
  i stole sweetroll from him and he tried to kill me so i did not get a chance to see . 
  do synths count ? 
  it depends on a lot of things . 
  i have a mid range pc ( 280x and i5-4570 ) so i do n't really go over frame rate cap ( i do get bad fps drops in few places but that 's because i have not spent enough time in options ) . 
  the only problems i have are : alt tab ` ing sometimes screws some stuff ( usual bethesda thing ) , monsters get stuck on stuff basically becoming free kills , some legs glitching trough stairs or other things and from time to time npc will not notice he stands on a ledge and will fall off . 
  these happen very rarely ( in my 10h i pretty much had each of these happen once or twice ) . 
  playing the game and going to a concert are completely different things . . 
  murphy is that you ? 
  that 's a very handy pun . 
  those are vikings . 
  my facebook had only ~ 20 % change it , it is interesting to see what type of people do . 
  yea , the only annoying thing i see about this all ordeal is the stupid arguments people , who change it and people who are cynical about this ordeal , have . 
  it kinda ruins the whole idea of solidarity for people who were actually harmed . 
  well thats what you have to expect when the question is about god damn plot twists ? 
  unless they nerf you . 
  damn , i did not know there was an app like that , i should check if there is one for iphone . 
  some games might be great on phone ( def not fo4 ) . 
  you can be a tourist without a car . . 
  you should visit just in case , you might be actually op . 
  damn , that is dedication . 
  gifs probably ca n't even be that long . 
  that would probably be comparable with cutting your finger off , lots of tears . 
  yea but as i remember it was really tiny because normal one would need too much space ? 
  phew ... not a thing . 
  would the worst one be the one no one heard about or the one everyone knows ? 
  what if your life is dull ? 
  that also makes some people cry . 
  i guess i have to get my shadow settings down . 
  i was wondering what is causing lag . 
  try it with valentine , [ make him your sex synth ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  piper does not always like that . 
  that binds your choices . 
  every god damn picture with him on this subreddit spoils it . . edited , but it is not a big spoiler . 
  well you do get different conversations , you probably miss out on some charisma ones too ? 
  that only happens if you masturbate with this fish . 
  wth is going on with artifacts in this gif . 
  how did this lead to them fighting crime ? 
  call of global triggers, 
  now out for all the pc players . 
  i expected them to get wiped at the end . 
  pc gamer would never be close with food near rgb keyboard and mouse . 
  oh i am pc from eastern europe brah !, 
  it is only matter of time until someone does john cena play-trough . 
  well based on your nickname , dumb is the only path for you to take . 
  it happens so frequently that it is probably a feature left by the devs . 
  anything for ios ? 
  the goal in real life is to find piper who enjoys your sarcasm . 
  well but is it ikea 's fault that loopholes exist ? 
  it is not their fault , that is how economy works , it is kinda like force of nature , it chooses the path of least resistance ( cost ) . 
  it is the job of tax system ( government i guess ) to create the environment where the path of least resistance is paying the proper taxes . 
  this is the story how op became a drug kingpin . 
  looked away from the game to upvote this . 
  what did you use to see that ? 
  witness me !, 
  nah nah , i mean the overlay to check fps and other stats . 
  sorry for not being specific . 
  thanks , was wondering what was my fps in game . 
  articles posted on reddit for one side of the story , comments for finding other side . 
  he does that often in shows where he travels to other chefs , he really shows his appreciation to the craft . 
  come on , you know there was a brojob or two between them !, 
  come on , you have to take everything at least once !, 
  it 's about balance between `` democracy '' and `` safety '' , both of these terms are very vague in politics . 
  if all fails , at least you can take the elevator to ground floor . 
  just like ops mum . 
  damn it reddit , i did not know i will procrastinate looking for that instead of studying for my imitation methods midterm . 
  what so terrible happened in my childhood that i have this urge to do anything else than studying ? 
  again wrong subject , but i think that elephant is sending something very ballsy to those pesky germans .
