  well how else would you call it ? 
  that is the biggest problem , the source material is all about the motivations of the main characters . 
  for me who watched anime , japanese movies and read manga this was an ok ` ish movie from the plot standpoint , a different way it could have ended if the book ended up at a different person . 
  but the acting of the main character is bad . 
  after seeing this all i want to do is rewatch the anime . 
  can someone explain what i am seeing ? 
  they are already to some extent used in defense systems . 
  especially good to eat on a train trip . 
  that is not entirely true . 
  there are hazards with biowaste at massive scales too . 
  maybe it is just shitty because no one bothered to beat it . 
  still , it 's a popular dish . 
  those are full of antibiotic resistant bacteria too . 
  well we do n't know if it was easy or not . 
  what do you think my sofa pillows are made out of ? 
  would be illegal in eu . 
  dude , not only will it play porn , it will also fuck your brains out . 
  mine did not really catch up at all even after finishing my masters . 
  but i never really needed them , my memory is a bit crap , but i get a handle on things pretty quickly . 
  in my work i often need to find new approaches and read scientific articles , so most of the things i would have memorized would not used too much . 
  to each is his own i guess . 
  just find your passion and live your life the way you would not regret it . 
  the joke is on him , that was asbestos what fell onto him . 
  is n't most of us houses wooden ? 
  this shit would ruin it quite a bit . 
  for somewhat so smart he was turned around arya 's little finger quite easily . 
  there are plenty of floating houses in some european port cities and also you can live on a boat quite comfortably . 
  though both of those are always atop of water . 
  most likely the jumps became more severe but overall level should be similar . 
  this just looks sad , this guy clearly needs help . 
  in a lot of europe he probably would been in a mental hospital getting the help he needs instead of being homeless . 
  here goes my evening plans . 
  wait we now hate him ? 
  why no one informed me . 
  so 21 years it is . 
  did n't this cause massive riots ? 
  he still have millions of followers . 
  even before it was like this , euro is just holding strong due to recovery . 
  hey kim the fatty !, 
  we are in completely different level of preparation than we were in 2008 . 
  a crash like we had would not happen unless ww3 broke out , an then it would not really matter . 
  we are separate branches . 
  we have death machines which could level the whole forest and make it inhospitable for tens of thousands of years if we wanted . 
  probably used the cheaper chimp labor . 
  labs are also natural , they are created by nature . 
  well no one is arguing it is not natural , it is the human impact which is being denied by morons . 
  i mean , there are a lot of chimps involved and it is pretty sophisticated hunting tactic , and ofc some setup is done . 
  it would be less informative without setup . 
  what are you talking about , there are full of regulations on the top level banking system . 
  citation needed . 
  if it was really so overpriced that it would be caught by a random redditor it would not be overpriced anymore . 
  the markets also had a slump after trump failed to pass shit . 
  a lot of the bump was due to very good financial reports from the big companies . 
  so far market growth coincides with revenue growths and because companies are less eager to pay off dividends and are reinvesting . 
  i work for a big company whose job is to track global and national economies . 
  we do not see a high enough likelihood of stock market crisis to rise any concerns . 
  the big 2 issues for economy are nafta and brexit deals . 
  nafta is less so because it is unlikely that big changes will happen , neither side wants it and no one cares what trump says . 
  brexit deals on the other hand are less predictable and a wide range of possible outcomes are with similar probabilities . 
  though it would not affect global economy on a big scale . 
  the problem with gpu is that if you want amd then they are overpriced duo to mining . 
  for me i do n't even have a choice other than waiting since my monitor is freesync . 
  which can be said about any animal . 
  hey that is offensive term , you are supposed to call him latvian . 
  it is ok , soon their wages will increase so we will be able to replace them with robots . 
  no it is fucking not , things like sunny day floods and overall more severe extreme weather is obvious and already cost billions , there is little doubt that intensity is increased due to climate change . 
  i guess there are two kinds of people , i kinda want this to happen now . 
  well the ones who pull the strings are not starving , they enslaved whole country to work for them . 
  you are kind to suggest that pis has respect towards anything . 
  so it still fits . 
  maybe you are a bot , just do n't know it ? 
  and attended a strike on the way back . 
  why do you think he is shooting rockets at the ocean . 
  i mean , when you are the richest person in the world you can get anything you want . 
  in op the higher you go in ranking the taller you grow , it is simple . 
  do n't worry mate , it only looks complicated , the idea is pretty simple , do n't be that hard on yourself . 
  cannibal cafe chef . 
  til a group of hummingbirds is called a charm . 
  yea , it should have been pepsi . 
  trump being president , we all here think it is practical joke us is doing on us . 
  what is the reason it is not everywhere ? 
  lack of funds ? 
  earth was pretty boring 2billion years ago , no reddit . 
  not just hospital policy , she was following constitution . 
  i would not survive this person screaming in fear . 
  that or my speakers would fry . 
  good quality stuff will almost never break down if well maintained . 
  the chances of it breaking in a year are smaller than staff getting sick , at least that was the argument in another forum when this was brought up . 
  yes , but here you get the good quality food almost instantly . 
  also your friends restaurant has 120 seats ? 
  that is impressive sized for a normal type of restaurant . 
  ca n't really blame them . 
  planting minefield as they go . 
  what a piece of shit . 
  obviously jerome . 
  haha i agree , my fleshy hull would not handle radiation too fellow human . 
  the last thing nk needs from us is funds . 
  or wales . 
  indeed . 
  still a mutant .
