  wow , that fur/color looks cool , awesome cat mate !, 
  i do n't think music sucks just because you do n't like it ? 
  though im that type of people who do n't like to judge people on the things they like , so my opinion is not that common . 
  ok my favorite chill music ( i dont listen to many of those ) is s mozarts - piano concerto no . 
  21 - andante http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df-elzao63i . 
  as for the game , i would like dungeons of dredmor, 
  my steam id : http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt, 
  well you can tell the burglars `` drop your weapons or ill shoot '' . 
  what if its for people who likes angles ? 
  idk , i think its has n't got one thing reddit is obsessed with . 
  whats wrong with parsecs ? 
  its a better way of measurement than light years in astronomy and is more commonly used . 
  maybe they were timelords ? 
  maybe to be used to simulate something ? 
  or just to create some kind of concepts . 
  call the exorcist !, 
  knock knock knock knock, 
  thats why cd-players with anti-shock was the best in good old days . 
  yea i dont get why people do that , is it that hard to throw it in a trash bin ? 
  same goes on the smokers who throw buds on the ground . 
  yea , i believe they used to store some time ahead and play from that storage or something . not sure if thats how they worked . 
  i think jar jar is his mother . 
  nothing some bandage and vodka would fix . 
  is there a story of recovery ? 
  seems cool , i hope it gets out this month , otherwise it will be hard to balance playing and studies . 
  if only this concept would get enough voice , at least enough to persuade enough tech firms to develop it . but i doubt it will . 
  if only they added cats not dogs , i think that would made a difference . 
  hammerfight , thanks . 
  i dont know , its better to have the updates than outdated soft full of holes . 
  steam id : http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt/, 
  here is velociraptor with a top-hat riding a bicycle http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-xrl8v0yyyjw/tqiw8fsqwzi/aaaaaaaaaca/dwew6qloe6o/s1600/bahaha.jpg, 
  well im pretty sure my uni studies has a way better chance to make me a millionaire . 
  i guess yea , who needs those billions when you can have terraria !, 
  why would they ? 
  the sex is getting more and more separated from reproduction and done just for `` fun '' . 
  it seems a bit strange for evolution to increase it . 
  well i also know a lot of people who chew gum and they dont stick it under the table ... 
  the thing is , hulk has infinite power also . 
  though i always believed that the flash could beat superman , especially with speed steal . 
  overall its pretty hard to tell , depends on what version of avengers and jl you would rival . 
  why not both ? 
  only if you are driving above comfortable speed ( the speed at which you know you can avoid accidents ) ant cant deal with things like slow drivers . 
  the accidents in such situations arent caused by slow drivers , but by inexperienced drivers . 
  its way more complicated on the siria and russias deal part , probably russia will supply them new weapons when noise passes over and this is just a trick to calm usa down and weaken its position in world politics . 
  well thats a beautiful cat , is it some kind of breed ? 
  sorry , sometimes mix up how its written in english . 
  better call dexter . 
  i think its called tablet . 
  im a strange person , im bilingual but learning a new language is a drag , it seems strange to me . 
  lets hope he does better in next movie . 
  so did everyone get -5 ? 
  correct me if im wrong but is n't shadowing on first one a bit off ? 
  i feel like there are more important dates to remember , this 9/11 is tossed around so much . 
  i think i wouldnt give a shit and geek out . 
  or most of uni students with due date being close . 
  yea , if we are going to remind it every year , why not remind other dates like terror act on olympics , or bombings in london . 
  been a while since i done these , is the answer somewhere between 20 and 25 g ? 
  yep , both sides are like that there . 
  at least both genders looks sexy only with pants on . 
  ( given that they are good looking ( for you ) ), 
  or education and healthcare problems . 
  we can only hope that x-men and spider-man crossovers gets a movie sometime eventually , would love to see live action spiderman vs wolverine . 
  `` one day , a boy was in a terrible accident and lost all his hair , and from that point he swore to revenge the world for having so much hair . '', 
  doesnt matter , when it will be noticed the victim will already have the new and improved one . 
  damn , the definition i know is a little bit different . 
  tested one time  worked  `` there must be something wrong with it '', 
  we know that americans always confuse usa with world , dont be so hard on yourself . 
  smooth criminal . 
  love this gif , you need to watch it few times and each time focus on different person . 
  also the videos with all sort of music added are also funny . 
  679 and 1496 , thanks for giveaway . 
  so someone copied the idea from the weather rock ? 
  guessing games - meh , getting the number correctly - is he a wizard ? 
  yea , replace few words and its correct , so statistically its a little bit different . 
  i would like ftl , mainly because it has a good modding community and is a good game to try out modding . 
  my favorit chill song is not a very popular music style here but :, 
  mozarts - piano concerto no . 
  21 - andante http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df-elzao63i . 
  ok my question might be too easy , so if you wount like it i can change :, 
  what was the default name of fallout nv main character ? 
  c : john, 
  ** d : courier **, 
  im curious , what are you gon na use the questions for ? 
  pretty cool project , hope you succeed at it . 
  idk if thats even a dish , but i like making hot chocolate ( well it needs different ingredients so i guess its a dish ) . 
  im not a person who cooks a lot . 
  well probably because its nic cage , isnt that the only reason we need ? 
  fallout never gets old , its a classic . 
  because usually buttons/switches are related to two stages , and as an opposite stage of start is stop it gets obvious why . 
  would like warlock , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6ljfakrtri . 
  i hope you will use an efficient rng, 
  i would love to be able to do card tricks : / . 
  dungeon defenders + all dlc, 
  got lots of favorite songs , here is one from game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6ljfakrtri, 
  tropico 4 , or crazy machines if there wount be people who wants it . 
  first - planets under attack , second - ftl . 
  unless he went there for free . 
  what camera are you using ? 
  pretty good idea , it attracts attention and sends message to more people by doing it . 
  its usually not considered as a natural number , it would mess up theory of matrix a bit and in other theories that use indexes , but usually it depends on the paper writer and how its defined .
