  for some people 80k is not as much money as it is to you . 
  it is all relative to income . 
  it is a luxury car after all . 
  maybe people are just polite ? 
  i love the tone being kept for the whole video . 
  this was entertaining . 
  i hate when i make that mistake . 
  but anthrax is emerging from arctic tundra . 
  so it can go badly . 
  i mean who cares , i would not let fucking army harm my health for no other reason than just because they are too greedy to give proper equipment . 
  heck military spending should cover that easily , it is not that expensive . 
  getting lifelong problems is a serious thing . 
  especially when it is not some weird ww2 time when every penny and material are used so there is no other choice . 
  comedy legends . 
  damn . . who tosses cat outside during winter ... that is literally straight up killing them . 
  yes they are , when half of bee hives just suddenly die out it will affect you . 
  and it can get worse than that . 
  i also like them . 
  map wide aoe with 1m dps , and laughs while casting . 
  my pc is pretty old , fps is way better than it was in previous version of the game . 
  what happened ? 
  cool , did not know such prophecy exists . 
  with new orb and that there is pretty good way to get rid of shit uniques . 
  some industries will get a boon from this , but agriculture sector is fucked from several directions . 
  it went over 50 last week , was surprised . 
  i think these new prices will never get back to the glory days . 
  especially with iran being able to sell it properly . 
  you would be millionaire in few years at this rate . 
  well bible was written by too many people and throughout a too long period of time for it to be taken literal . 
  i am not someone who believes in christianity , but the books and all of the myths related to it are pretty interesting things to learn about . 
  these days it is . 
  just that the market is saturated with knockoffs so you need to filter it out . 
  the best air filter . 
  now i want clown mtx . 
  just eu cutting cord on u.k. 
  imagine how rich it would be if it was not lead by these morons . 
  someone drunk and challenged by his peers . 
  how is it not news if it is new thing and is happening due to recent events ? 
  70trillion gdp is the income of the world . 
  is n't that more of a pyramid scheme than a franchise ? 
  pulling out in time is a survivor bias . 
  yea , millions of people potentially dead is not a game . 
  about two gazillions . 
  hope it 's me , i could use a billion or 4 . 
  orangutan more likely . 
  it is fine , you will pay 10 times more for it in near future and everyone else will enjoy well priced healthier food . 
  i would definitely try it out . 
  who knows maybe it tastes good . 
  that 's what happens when no one has a plan . 
  with a lot of competition there is bound to be some losers . 
  uk is slowly becoming bitcoin of macroeconomics . 
  ah , perfect child of capitalism . 
  challenge accepted , can i have the billions now ? 
  yes but other way around there is a lot of overlap , anti-gmo has a lot of different reasons , a lot of it having nothing to do with gmo as itself . 
  antivaxers is purely denying science . 
  lots of yoga . 
  this , also we are long way until we would be able to utilize them properly . 
  i am data analyst and am following this closely . 
  we still need a lot of work on the algorithm side of things until qc become better than normal computing in wider array of application . 
  then again , my background is mathematics and not computer science so my view might be biased . 
  they would not . 
  plenty of methods which are immune to qc . 
  yea definitely see material science and aerospace science being able to utilize it . 
  the market though will probably be small and volatile . 
  though in russia the problem is authorization . 
  whoever thought this storage system was good should be fired and not this guy . 
  also likes kinky sex . 
  cosby , is that you ? 
  this is good for bitcoin . 
  you are simplifying the issue too much . 
  still seems like valid evidence to his hypothesis . 
  but he is clearly intoxicated , can he consent ? 
  this is pretty much murder is n't it ? 
  i think that 's a lot of good info for a restaurant in international waters . 
  he must be retardednessded . 
  it 's the journey of finding it . 
  well premortem autopsy obviously . 
  so / r/investing ? 
  most animals kill the prey so that they would not be injured while eating it . 
  i thought wallstreetbets was a joke and people there are being sarcastic ? 
  dude , take that back , his angelic voice is why we watch his videos !, 
  this made me hungry and horny . 
  and i 'm not even gay . 
  reddit is not your toilet bowl but we still have to deal with your shit . 
  i am impressed how fast the reaction is . 
  going out on a high note . 
  it is wrong because there are countless protests . . 
  in this case the cat is the owner and you just have to hope it is going to spare you . 
  * - my name is katniss everdeen !, 
  nothing happened . 
  * sigh *, 
  yea , what a freak , normal people like me only have 127 teeth . 
  nope , you can see it in other videos . 
  would be odd for all of them to fake it . 
  pf , i can easily afford a ferrari , do n't even know what 's the big deal . 
  you cant really fit into a 10 inch car anyway . 
  we humans are really good at making things to kill each other . 
  i 'm in europe , i 'll be fine . 
  he just lost some marbles , that 's it . 
  most important sport event this year .
