  at least she didint need to go through 9 months of pregnancy 2 times . 
  they are considered luxury commodity in economics , or am i wrong ? 
  dont fully remember how it was explained . 
  my favorite song would be probably coldrain - to be alive : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzhie7lvlk8, 
  as for why , its hard to tell , but it really cheers me up when im feeling down , also i love the video of it . 
  for number ill go and choose 777 , cause you know , luck . 
  as a mathematician i can approve that you did the math correctly for me . 
  you can find theyr age here . 
  for what ? 
  those long gloves , might be that horse knew whats going to happen . 
  very old phones . 
  i dont get it ... why would you think to say that ? 
  unless thats a house pet . 
  is this 2012 ? 
  at least you had a reason ... 
  would like leviathan , turba and warlock, 
  plot twist - he knew . 
  you should have left a briefcase next to it . 
  plot twist - she enters . 
  it most of the time distorts the senses or dull them . 
  i dont think he could think straight during the heat . 
  loved every sentence he made :d, 
  before oct 1, 
  so thats basically fast walking ? 
  try to make an educated guess ... 
  thanks, 
  would like the ship , seems like a more interesting game . 
  if you would add few steam cards or cs go / other games drops it would be a deal . 
  well the game was on sale recently so not that fair of a deal . 
  sure , the game looks fun , so if no1 will offer anything better i might find you . 
  would like leviathan : warships, 
  is the key a lie ? 
  dont want to be tricked the same way people get tricked by cake . 
  i wonder how many people believe this is true :d, 
  oh i thought it was like that all the time , as first ikea in my country opened recently i found it very easy to navigate . 
  lithuania, 
  the best answer i could think of is - '' sure , your period . 
  i 'm poor , give me keys !!, 
  men of war : vietnam special edition !, 
  thats a strange looking bird . 
  not that constant . 
  i guess someone needs to know if they have pole position . 
  well you know , if not the social stigma , the tattoo looks pretty good . 
  russian cars actually are pretty darn reliable . at least used to be . 
  i still think polish ones are worse . 
  unless they die and you do it as a tribute ... 
  are you latvian ? 
  `` if you know what i mean . '', 
  well , thats not the worst thing that could happen . 
  im thinking of switching back to firefox , chrome fucks up too frequently for me . 
  how it works with sweat ? 
  how does it feel i mean . 
  you know , rain is dangerous !, 
  taco bell has brothel services now ? 
  did the math , it adds up to 1.5 , so we should substract half of the brain . 
  i would think that the fiber is coated , and coating only one side would be a bit pointless . 
  xcom : 467 ( got russian version before realising my country wasnt in region :( ), 
  spec ops - 1798, 
  jesus was a kryptonian ? 
  i guess part of it is because of currency manipulation and keeping it relatively cheap by few financial tricks . 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  so us will invade us for using chemical weapons ? 
  so that 's how pure happiness looks like . 
  and i still love the second one more than 4th . 
  um , did i miss something ? 
  i do n't think he even know what art is . 
  you seem to not notice that the woman isnt in the kitchen ... where is this society going . 
  she got the wedding expenses i guess ? 
  i dont get it . . it seems like people these days dont know party etiquette and how do respond to invitations . . 
  yea , i dont get all the fuss behind it , i only comment because i like participating in discussions . 
  hey , want to start a cult ? 
  it seems profitable these days , seeing how scientology is doing . 
  well ive tried it on pc so it was worse . 
  i still remember going through gta2 with tank and lightning gun . 
  ede-e always makes sneaking harder . 
  what was banned ? 
  hey , dont judge us !, 
  thumbs up for taking it like a boss !, 
  there is tons of japanese people i met here . . why would n't they be here ? 
  so , another cool stuff my acf can do !, 
  seems pretty cool , do you have closer images ? 
  is the course on particular language ? 
  or is it just basic introduction to people who have trouble with understanding the basic principles ? 
  yea , know complex analysis and still have to do the alphabet , its just a mnemonic device . 
  i wish my university had ice cream store . 
  or maybe reward for a wingman ? 
  i think he might have some kind of condition . 
  and i sit here , having handwriting of a doctor while not being a doctor . 
  yea , thats what i thought , just wanted to be sure . 
  i dont like downvotes , it seems like such a negative thing and just increases the hate trolls spread . 
  and it also clouds some peoples opinions , which might be true/not incorrect , just because its not common . 
  thats something a hipster would say !, 
  well , im more like 1/3 way to phd , but dont think i will seek it . 
  i hope i will win , need some cheer up as my depression have been up recently . 
  i would be careful with that research , unless you are into dicks ( not judging ) . 
  so its 20 % of that 8dolars ? 
  i think i will add that combination to my blacklist of things not to look up , right next to spacedicks . 
  well im not a woman so i didint have him there . 
  probably my favorite movie of his . 
  ( i 'm really troubled , is that sentence grammatically correct ? ),
