  hmm , i think i kinda liked dead money , i quit after starting honest hearts . 
  might come back if i have the saves somewhere . 
  you also get to experience a lot of polished mods . 
  so many robots had to die until that happened . 
  or just use a glove . 
  yes he does !, 
  i think he might be some kind of actor or something . 
  damn , that 's some giant technicians . 
  those are some cold tenticicles . 
  random dickbutt spotted . 
  except that oil came from algae and other small sea stuff . 
  wtf is wrong with your gut ? 
  i never had any troubles after eating there . . 
  not to mention that mcdonalds got pretty expensive and healthy food now is in same price range . 
  i think the shtick fast cheap and fast burgers . 
  now it 's only fast . 
  again ? 
  come on , we all know that the more shitty food we will eat , the faster we will develop immunity . 
  obviously a hacker . 
  look at all those key presses which made no sense . 
  i swear , i will not look at this pic , it can pretty much be only 2 things and neither of those i am willing to witness . . 
  damn , using that in public would look so funny . 
  it reminded me of looking trough what all keys do on a game when it has no instructions . 
  thanks for a chance , doubt i will get lucky . 
  boredom intersecting with free time and knowledge . 
  yea , i eat 7 40mm rounds a day for that . 
  nice dude , i hope whoever wins this will enjoy the game !, 
  crossing my fingers , but i am happy that you are giving it away to someone because it should make them happy !, 
  oh god , got ta love these passive aggressive posts on / r/askreddit, 
  not to mention that it probably took quite some time to put it together . 
  you could then become a comedian could n't you ? 
  that guy will be un stable for quite some time after this . 
  accidental science is best science !, 
  it 's a cat . 
  getting on top of stuff is their thing . 
  i thought that was the point of the title ? 
  oh my god , lost it at the aids drop . . 
  reminds me of the pastor going dark in s1 . 
  yep , from now on we will call it hamster , so say we all !, 
  say `` you look dumb , but i still enjoy looking at you '' . 
  then again i am not too confident in my social skills . 
  8 months old , seriously ? 
  all that airflow !, 
  why would that be a bad thing ? 
  good thing in econometrics you only need 0.05 . 
  ( hell even 0.1 if you spin it well enough ), 
  i wonder if i could set it up and use as media controller whenever i choose . 
  probably yes since it is pc , just wonder how easy would it be . 
  do n't forget their love rival , thatcher . 
  obviously i was joking , it is what analysts in news papers often do . 
  well maybe it was intercept with that p-value , in that case it is not that bad since often proving that it is in fact 0 is quite problematic . 
  i just realized that i instantly assumed it 's syria and did not even bother checking , thought it was mentioned in title after second guessing when i saw this question . 
  you look at her up and down and say `` hey , how you doin ' '' . 
  oh you know , op or someone else took the picture with their phone/camera ? 
  so many people do that . 
  but in reality , does it matter if they do it ? 
  it 's not like it is some major thing like covering it in tinfoil , and if it gives them small sense of security , so be it . 
  oh . . well scratch that . 
  i love how they obviously knew how ridiculous this was but still did it . 
  helps when the floor is waxed , not that easily done outside . 
  unless you are trying to break the ice . 
  for the breast you mean ? 
  what if i have no power but have force ? 
  `` i hope it 's cena '', 
  yep it was . . 
  `` i wish i was 4 again '', 
  do n't we all kid , do n't we all . . 
  yea , song style is completely not something i usually listen to , but this is quite enjoyable . 
  luckily potatochipman can save you !, 
  / u/pm _ me_your_toes ? 
  and its 300,0000,000 zimbabwe dollars not usa dollars , right ? 
  time machine is not that accurate , ran out of funds . 
  `` 10 minutes into netflix and chill and he decides to turn up the heat '', 
  is n't beer belly a 6-pack abs . 
  now i wonder how r rated wizard of oz would look like . 
  damn pinhead from hellrazer had a weird child ? 
  i was planning to watch it again after 10 year break but i have multidimensional stats test tomorrow : /, 
  one laz pit would go crazy and try to kill nyssa . 
  i do n't know man , it 's the ones that i ca n't see or hear what terrifies and horrifies me . 
  but is he a fucking legend ? 
  he mined all the materials in his back yard and manufactured tools and used them to make pc parts . 
  come on , everyone can do it !, 
  but someone will always get the short side of the stick !, 
  source - japan . 
  buy us dinner first , mate !, 
  it probably did not need to travel a lot . 
  yea . . a lot of great comedians/comic actors leave us too soon . . 
  ocd, 
  well boycoting steam is a fair thing to do . 
  not everything they do , they do as good as they could and should ( looking at you steam support ) just because they kinda have a monopoly . 
  they just need to call it `` autopilot '' . 
  that would be some decent compression . 
  you probably wake up early all the time , or have a hairless chest ? 
  you should call exorcist . 
  but it did change at one point . 
  so if it changed once you cant say it never changes . 
  hello guys , i am pretty new to this craft so i thought i will post one of my first tries . 
  i figured that it is not good enough for a post so i decided to comment it here . 
  but feedback is welcome . 
  whispers,
