  and how is that also not dangerous ? 
  you crush the truck with tons of water and let all the fuel , oils and other stuff get sweaped and soak into the ground . 
  you can now attach hidden guns there !, 
  yea and its a bit better choice since you are in usa or other advanced in prostethics country ( because of wars as i nuderstand ) , i wonder if it would be as simple out here in eastern europe . 
  its a secret conspiracy , they are going to attach it to android !, 
  i wonder is if its similar thing grasshoppers secrete . 
  is the maximum amount 0 ? 
  isnt it a bit wrong colour ? 
  arent horses bad to use as lawn eating animals because of how they poop ( its late , couldnt remember better word ) and thats why goats , sheep and laamas are used ? 
  im just checking , i guess my memory is too skewed on chemistry . 
  dude did we ask for feels ? 
  feels = / = feeling bad ... urban dictionary is your friend mate . 
  its not only that but it was clearly written by a white american . 
  its a good practice to do that , atleast from time to time , try standing while doing computer stuff and it will help in all sorts of health things , im pretty sure its not hard to find article about that . 
  you can easily adjust your workspace to make it work ... 
  so brewing your own beer is considered hipster ? 
  im pretty sure alcoholics wouldnt brew their own beer , moonshine maybe but not beer . 
  shop beer is terrible , unless you go to local breweries or do it yourself you are usually just drinking water with powder . 
  yep , especially medical and university debts . 
  yea i decided this season is not worth watching ( not that any of them were ) . . 
  im sorry but curve ? 
  typical american , forgets that it 's time when europeans gets on reddit also . 
  well australians always posts some deadly animals . 
  thats a bit scary . . 
  why wouldnt you ? 
  oh i forgot reddit is full of assholes and in general terrible human beings . 
  its sad that this is rare enough for it to be ggg moment . 
  whenever i see this gif i put my finger on that spot . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ god ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ know ^ ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ ^ comment ^ ^ ^ ^ will ^ ^ ^ ^ follow ^ ^ ^ ^ this . . 
  ok this makes more sense now . 
  meh some people dont need any reason to downvote . 
  yea i knew that was going to happen :d, 
  he will torture you with terrible writing . 
  are you hinting that you are gay ? 
  no joke in the name or im missing it ? 
  well where i go i dont even pay directly to the stylist so i dont tip ( its not really much of a custom to tip here anyway ) . 
  yea i totally dont get how its rude . . 
  but with random twist , each smaller safe has harder combination !, 
  how are you driving without 3d glasses ? 
  all i can think of is bioshock . . 
  meme definition covers quite a lot of things actually . . 
  they do it but most of the time they dont really need to according to studies . 
  i dont think he needs any weed , he is high already !, 
  if you are a driver its kinda your job to check if he is okay and administer first aid if needed ... 
  lowering birth rates will also crash economy , job market , and add lots of other problems ... 
  ok as non-american or englishman it took some time to remember that there is a word dime ... 
  or whoever was taking a photo knew what a bad idea it was ( and therefore what funny results it will get ) and didint tell op . 
  wow . . why did i laugh that much from this . . 
  plot twist , op already knows !, 
  no because reddit user base is too small to define something popular if it gets to frontpage ( it also has high number of people who are a bit outside of popularity norms ) . 
  who doesnt . . 
  so if there is no clues it must be a dropbear . 
  yea , we can only hope to be as good parents as people like op . 
  who ? 
  well as long as you know it isnt . . 
  there are a lot of americans who i think wouldnt know it . 
  ( though im not that good at geo , so i cant blame people who dont know some european countries as i dont know most of us states ), 
  interesting breed of goats . . 
  well world is full of stupid people , the problem is that probably most people are in a way stupid because there will always be a topic you know little about or your knowledge is wrong/outdated . 
  so its a cake fight ? 
  want to join some t2 rifts ? 
  or put it into bowl full of rice . 
  its also illegal to drive with bad lights . . 
  god damn ants they are goint to wipe us out !, 
  i didint really care much about it , but if you say that it seems to be a failure maybe that 's the reason no one talks about it ? 
  mostly everyone who died drank dhmo , we definitelly need to ban it . 
  a name fitting a true evil cat . 
  i enjoy doing the opposite , when you read you always picture everything in your mind and then you get to see it in the movie and have all the details producers leave out . 
  its late . . tomorow first day at work so dont judge me !, 
  sometimes it turns out to be decent even without following the book . 
  and how else will you thank someone ? 
  oh i thought you were against it in general , not the stranger part . 
  i bet he is still sleeping deep under it in a coffin . 
  is it latin words when you play it backwards ? 
  hey , op is the legendary man who had his ribs taken out !, 
  if you get bitten by a mosquito , heat up spoon on a fire and press it on your testicles . 
  6th one looks weird , small ears , big eyes . 
  this version makes the scene funny one more time . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  dogs are used like that in lots of rural parts of europe . 
  what ? . . 
  dogs were bred/evolved to be used by humans and gain shelter/food and whatever in return . 
  well decent treatment is giving the dog food and shelter ( which doesnt mean living in the house ) and dogs evolved to gain that in return of being usefull . . 
  well damn . . but i guess my comment karma wouldnt be good enough though . 
  well that obviously instant black list . 
  yea it was terrible , the wedding part should have been 1 episode and the last episode should have been a season , from the part when he met her up till her death and on last episode should have been about how he got robin . 
  but im a random internet guy so thats just my stupid opinion . 
  the same way goverment knows whats best for the people , and look how it works out every time !, 
  hey , even metal can do what title says , just needs more work . 
  also killing off all the usefull bacteria in your stomach is not nice !, 
  it usually comes out of regular taxes and seniors usually dont need to pay it and socialy dependant people usually get it , if your aunt under some kinds of poverty lines its not the healthcares fault . 
  atleast here it 's that way ( not canada ) . 
  sorry for spoiling mate . 
  i am kinda watching a lot of shows , but now i think i 'll need to reduce the number because i got a job , though the one that is most interesting now for me is hannibal , it is quite an inteligent show.vikings is pretty cool and the 100 looks promising . 
  other than that is just couple of shows which are running for quite some time already . 
  i cringed at that title . . 
  though is probably the right way to write it , but all those random news titles ruins it . 
  meh not planning on starting anything new , i still want to make a time to watch s2 of house of cards , but thats not smth what spoilers could ruin . 
  you could spoil me got , but i know most of the bigger spoilers . 
  overall spoilers kinda does n't ruin my enjoyment , since a lot of those `` plot twists '' are predictable if you wasted enough time on tv series , and i usually watch series with my brain turned off ( unless its smth in particular interesting like hannibal or following which involves a lot of psichological pressure ) .
