  also probably not all cows are the same breed ? 
  bulls make the happiest milk . 
  that is a beautiful spider . 
  you just have to sit on top of espresso pot and wait till it starts boiling . 
  yea , i love taking vitamins which are similar ( you have to dissolve it in water and it fizzes up like that ) . 
  as long as we do n't get anti media plastic , which spins opposite , near that media plastic , we are ok . 
  otherwise we might have some fireworks . 
  why does fashion even matter ? 
  you ca n't get enough of the champ !, 
  you sound like rocket scientist . 
  how is nasa these days ? 
  cmon he has been jerk for comedic purposes since the beginning . 
  being jerk to gamers is just new target which he can milk for some time and carry on to something else . 
  going out with a bang . 
  science results , especially statistics . 
  well the cars which would be mass produced would probably have more safety mechanisms . 
  what if they offered 25k if you managed to find one ? 
  big portion of viewers do not watch lets plays/streams for the game itself , they watch it because of the content creator . 
  well the screen is 1mm , which is the important part . 
  on the final design we can only speculate . 
  still cant figure out how to turn this grill on . 
  well . . til, 
  if that is shitty then what i would produce would not even be on the measurement scale . 
   [ res ignored duplicate link ], 
  proceeds to click, 
  that is way too risky for reddit . 
  it is still rude , we do n't know , maybe this elephant was shy ? 
  on what ground you base your conclusion ? 
  you just need some virgin blood and you could resurrect it . 
  what will you do when water nation attacks ? 
  smoking it will still be bad , you need to separate ingredients to get the curing part instead of helping with some cancer and causing other ones . 
  ca n't remember the video source but he was not saying any jokes during that , he was actively arguing with that guy instead of telling jokes . 
  i think that one of the big parts on what makes comedian good is ability to deal with hecklers with comedy and not violence/insults . 
   some douchebag in a labcoat, 
  you sound quite pretentious . 
  well the last point quite clearly states that there is risk in lung cancer . . 
  well i guess i will finally give it a go . 
  is the game similar to dwarf fortress just a bit newb friendly ? 
  gnomes have mastered science of particle accelerators . 
  explains that ~ ~ fleshlight ~ ~ mushroom someone dig up . 
  i just ca n't really deal with stuff like that . 
  i hate being mean to people and i always try to either ignore or dissolve situation in other peaceful ways . 
  but at one point i bet these people would be just too much and i would become someone i do not like . 
  this thought process is what makes me want to not let them into my country . 
  mail ordered from russia ? 
  dumb life is best life . 
  like ok , pounds stuff can be explained by stupidity in some far fetched way , but the whole jupiter thing just screams at you that this is a troll . 
  it would be ok if op would have posted her channel and not a reupload . . 
  did n't you hear , good schools only have 10 persons per lecture . 
  someone cruel should test that . 
  all i have are frogs and it does not work on them . 
  we are on / r/todayilearned , no one checks the source here . 
  seems like he had a heart attack from fear of her . 
  first of all wtf is this video ? 
  they do n't show any kids eating chocolate . 
  also , dark chocolate is best chocolate , i hate when it is sweet , it destroys the taste of it . 
  can confirm , i am le and i ca n't hit anyone . 
  not really , you ca n't just go around and read trough everything , most people do n't have time for that . 
  they already have me as an owner , no need to put any more burden on them . 
  that 's why you are only dmg , to rank up to le you need to hit no one . 
  you need hacks for that . 
  well they are underwater so i might not have taken archimedes into account . 
  come on dude , that 's how you find your soulmate . 
  be brave !, 
  now if only we would stop using wrong damn pesticides . . a farm near my grandmother ( well not really a farm , they do n't grow much anymore because of age ) lost 3/4 of their hives just after some farmer decided to spray their fields with something shitty . 
  what if that fucking monster is into that ? 
  until some homeless person starts masturbating to that . 
  well at least some random crazy person in usa mentioned our country . 
  fuck your cheese world , i want it made out of pizza and beer . 
  dude . . that 's not a lot of tabs . 
  sounds cool , can someone take these assets , make something with the engine and sell it ? 
  if you ever have a bad day just open up a playlist of them and you will instantly feel better . 
  now all op has to do is wait for a comment , which would say what he was doing wrong to make his cat act like that . 
  no no no , you are wrong man . 
  blue leds only beams away blue spectrum wavelength , you need red ones to get more heat away from the system and cool down your parts . 
  how can that get someone so angry ... 
  especially in what looks like a nice day for a walk . 
  that 's a cheap knife . 
  does n't it get too hot for a walk ? 
  this is dank as fuck . 
  tourist area i guess ? 
  would take away their food . 
  not to mention that they did not buy any bullets . 
  at least you can always just download more ram . 
  except its ` stralia ? 
  where does peanut butter come in ? 
  that 's what people call child trauma . 
  well not all gonewild posters thinks things trough i would believe . 
  damn thing like that falling from a tall tree could kill someone . 
  he is a hippy anarchist so he can . 
  it 's not that crazy of a thing , just a normal procedure . . 
  you could kill him by doing cpr without knowing how to do it , does it make cpr crazy thing to do ? 
  especially since in some cultures partying is how they honor a person who passes away . 
  i do n't really get this post . 
  does op imply that watch shops are obsolete in some weird way ? 
  i am pretty sure they had them 2 years ago too . 
  they just pushed them out for september for people who buy gifts i guess . 
  this looks cleaner than a lot of pools . 
  what a chairful family . 
  flip phones are fun until you accidentally break one .
