  that is completely different to what you wrote . . 
  wait ... 
  damn that 's a match made in heaven . 
  you americans do go all out . 
  i do n't think there is right or wrong here . 
  extinctions happen all the time and we might be a natural course of nature too . 
  but we are fucking ourselves over and that is the main message which might have any effect on motivation to improve it . 
  i think he will probably go down like mozart or other great people in the way that people will always listen to his music and it will influence and inspire others to try being musicians . 
  yea , wait till it evolves to charizard . 
  being 94 is still an accomplishment . 
  though it is japan . 
  they still need to deal with heizenberg . 
  yea but only minority of people thinks of him like that , because evidence are more leading to him being strange but innocent of those dumb accusations . 
  huh , win10 seems faster for me than 8.1 or 7 was . 
  i mean , the updates are frustrating because they sometimes tend to break stuff ( for example after one update when i turn on csgo i get 72 fps until i alt tab and go back to it ) . 
  they have annoying snooping which they sometimes decide to turn on after updates . 
  but overall as an os it is solid software . 
  this is completely wrong , there are thousands of people culled with fake allegations . 
  damn google is terrible at translating this :, 
  `` man no internet nor telephone cables enter the eksisozlug what he is texting . 
  you were not saying yes . 
  beautiful minds '', 
  would n't that numb your dick and you would not feel it as much ? 
  and there is 0 proof for most of the convictions . . 
  you might have misunderstood , you would not feel that blowjob because cocaine would numb your dick down . 
  the best part . 
  that 's why hitler is best costume , no one questions who you are . 
  everyone knows you are charlie chaplin . 
  slutty version is very similar for both . 
  well this still makes no sense but at least it is translated now . 
  those things are addictive as hell . 
  next thing you know you will be living here just so you could eat them . 
  and a salt meter . 
  they must be martians . 
  you know what ? 
  forget the pepsi , pour beer . 
  is n't he very pro chinese government ? 
  i would guess people there would love him . 
  why not watch the full movie on youtube which he linked ? 
  what do you expect , those people read daily mail regularly . 
  that 's what happens when you are one of the top people in the field . 
  leave, 
  is this the weird one where they all get superhuman strength and other abilities ? 
  giants are not that social , they are more known for having tribal society . 
  lizard people are everywhere . 
  yea but random kids getting super powers is so overused these days . 
  so the terrible addiction got you too . 
  how are the parachutes i lent to your mum to use as a bra doing ? 
  i mean , if he cant identify what they are then they are technically ufo 's . 
  as if tesla out of all companies needs shills on reddit . 
  i mean , this has been happening for decades already . 
  the best scientists are skeptic until they have enough evidence . 
  we have shit ton of it to prove it . 
  you ignoring this mass of facts and scientific publications makes you opposite of a scientist . 
  i mean , what the hell compelled him to do that ? 
  i think that was a russian spy . 
  i do n't believe . 
  i have the done plenty of statistical modeling with the data we have . 
  proof in science usually means that with certain probability ( usually 95 % + ) we are certain that our model or assumptions are correct . 
  with climate data it is closer to 99 % . 
  we did have higher temperatures and we have good explanations to for it . 
  current change due to its rate , timing , other variables being in their stable and normal range we have no other explanation than climate change being a result of humans . 
  if you have better one than go ahead and publish your findings , but we have a consensus that climate change is caused by humans . 
  what if it is heterocycle ? 
  best korea is the only worthy one . 
  seems like time was bad for whoopi goldberg . 
  tbh hfr in hobbit was very annoying and made it look more fake in quite a few places . 
  though when gaming once you go 144hz you ca n't go back . 
  i have not seen any of them in a year . 
  though might be because i do n't read youtube comments . 
  it surely is , once you dig deeper into a lot of articles and the papers they are based on you start to see how much bullshit is being spinned . 
  this is especially clear when you have degree in statistics . 
  can someone inform ignorant eastern european what are these ? 
  ahh , black market . 
  filmed by different people i would guess . 
  i would argue that is serious health risk if she would not let someone with stomach problem go home in fucking food business . 
  the smell , look and etc. 
  you want him to die out of overwork ? 
  comments on certain channels are not that bad and toxic like they are on those very public ones which often get posted on / r/videos and such . 
  the thing is , once if becomes that people will start having different expectations and it will make the whole thing more stressful for op . 
  you shiny heads have a long way to go . 
  too late . 
  the constant oppression was definitely evil . 
  yes , in every aspect we are living better lives in baltic countries . 
  soviets really abused our economy and culture . 
  that was russia . . 
  well you did not hit eureka on that one . 
  hmm so if we cause another economical crash the ice will come back ? 
  you do realize that we are in the cycle where we get less energy from the sun ? 
  you know those major cyclones and storms we have been having in the past few years ? 
  they are caused by this . 
  run !, 
  i am pretty sure people are down voting because they assumed you are using sarcasm and are pro communism . 
  you saw the movie ? 
  he addresses this . . 
  it is definitely sketchy that they removed it . 
  hopefully we are not having / r/news again . 
  funny how mods on / r/videos are removing this video every time it is posted because it is `` political '' . . 
  but it is not he who is saying this . 
  he is only the presenter of information since this is his official job . .
