  he probably said `` hold my beer and look how i touch this laser beam . 
  i do n't know , ned stark did n't really win when he got on his knees . 
  all bad publicity is still publicity . 
  that sounds a bit bad for a hc league . 
  but did n't they get a lot of customers because everyone wanted to see how bad they were ? 
  i even imagine they could have turned it into a themed restaurant where you get treated like shit ( probably a bad idea though , but people pay for a lot of unusual experiences ) . 
  well there is a minimap of the tree in the corner . 
  also this was probably done with breathing a high concentration of oxygen before holding the breath . 
  pretty much , unless it 's counterfeit , it will be cheaper to order it . 
  yea , i was wondering how to call it , thanks , what are the risks of doing that for as long as he did ( breathing that concentration of oxygen ) ? 
  wow , probably worst troll i 've seen , most of them at least are trying to be a bit creative . 
  ok seen this gif countless times but only now i noticed he says `` my love '' at the beer few times . 
  so submarines were a submersible microwave oven ? 
  yes he says that , but he also says my love . 
  wait , do n't ask that now , first let him explain how to use 3 shells . 
  well i think those 2 characteristics go hand in hand . 
  but were n't submarines supposed to be underwater for long duration . 
  would n't that cause too much problems if people started to get high level of radiation ? 
  i understand that they could not care about the people but that would cause too much of logistical problems even if you disregard the lives . 
  sounds interesting , i always were more curious about older wars than ww i/ii , but the whole introduction of submersive and aerial combat is intriguing . 
  though i always was pretty bad at history , i have terrible problem at remembering names and dates , and i 'm statistician , i should at least remember numbers . 
  it would barely fit but thats a thing i would want in my room . 
  the only thing i noticed was that she did n't talk too much ( and i guess that 's a reasonable case to criticize that ) , are you talking about chat or something ? 
  i did n't even bother with reading it . 
  what does even indicate that op is being childish ? 
  he gave a decent criticism , it was not insulting her in any way , he pointed out the fact that she had very little ways to contribute , and it seemed that she did feel out of place from time to time . 
  i think thats a quite straight forward way , preventing the genes from being passed on . 
  the car backseat one . 
  and i was exactly thinking about starting a bow ranger in rampage . 
  reddit white knight i believe . 
  i believe that it should be war themed but it should be team based game , we never saw one of these and it would make some interesting interactions and give more chances for some people who know game less . 
  8 is not really shit , in a lot of ways its faster than 7 , and if you are not lazy you can make it look like 7 with benefits of 8 . 
  looking how digital is having hard time i think it would also be throttled by billions of dollars . 
  he probably did n't read the tos . 
  or some replicators ? 
  sorry but that is wrong , global organizations make constant profit by slowing down the push of their tech/biomedicine . 
  even scientist are constantly involved in projects where they are forbidden from publishing papers on what they work , sometimes it can leek out through loopholes like student did , but most of the times it will not . 
  have you tried skipping all zones untill ledge ? 
  it has fairly easier monsters to fight and its linear . 
  its inevitable , all non cognitive work will eventually be obsolete . 
  the only thing stopping it is the fact that all infrastructure is designed for humans . 
  that happens more frequently than some people make it out to be . 
  he was thinking about going back to his spaceship . 
  doubt it , though america seems to be at those levels now . 
  most of people who do bran work actually exercise frequently , there seems to be a correlation between intelligence and obesity ( ca n't prove sources , but that 's one of things i am thinking of doing statistical analysis ) . 
  so if society is pushed towards the world where you can survive and flourish only if you are intelligent then we are safe . 
  good thing is just to add few extra resist nodes , and when you get to the caps just reset them with the free reset points you have . 
  the problem is that there is a lot of backing in taking jokes like this for granted , thats why sometimes i get annoyed , sorry for being a joke-blocker . 
  nah mate , i just want machines to rise up and take over the planet . 
  shhh , i am not supposed to be here . 
  i just hope that it will not cause too many people begging for items from people like him . 
  my eyes hurt even looking at the pictures , ca n't imagine living like that even as a kid . 
  you dishonored the stark family , and for that you will lose your head . 
  superstitions and traditions go hand in hand . 
  well then if you are far away from resist nodes i would suggest calculating weather it would be cheaper to buy the refund orbs or to buy items which would boost your resists . 
  no it has nothing to do with it being shit . . 
  i stated that if you want the looks of 7 , looking differently has nothing to do with os performance or it being good/bad . 
  it should have ended at tl ; dr. 
  also the mailboxes . 
  huh have n't seen this map , it looks damn cool . 
  was it recent ? 
  he just warns about a person we should not trust , and warns there there are people like him . 
  what are you talking , people constantly give away things , of course if you are an asshole and being mean all the time , then sure , no one will give you anything , nor will want to interact with you in any way . 
  this would be awesome , having head of piety . 
  meh , merveil is the shit . 
  i have live report from chris - `` no '' . 
  the thing about poe is that even if you get confused or dont know whats going on , community will help you , people are very friendly and there are quite a few streamers who constantly interact and help new players . 
  ca n't wait for the update . 
  as for diablo , i was going to play , but when compared to poe its a bit weaker . 
  the point of hardcore is that it challenges you to be alive and thats what is the advantage of it , it forces you to think and plan ahead . 
  loot/xp is the same , the economy might differ a bit . 
  exactly , if i ask a question and get an answer why would i want it clogging the frontpage . 
  `` you will fucking boost me on lol to diamond or i swear i will shoot you '', 
  next step is maps , if you can manage to do them , if not - farm docks/boss farm . 
  sometimes i think that these captchas will eventually be possible to solve only with computer algorithms . 
  oh my fucking god , rollercoaster tycoon brought so much fun to my childhood , cant wait !, 
  dear god ,, 
  please , please , do n't let them fuck up this one !, 
  sincerely ,, 
  time, 
  as a kid i did like them , but seeing them now they are not that entertaining : /, 
  yeah depression sux , good thing im not suicidal/cut myself so its not as bad . 
  but still i ca n't find motivation . 
  i do n't understand the shark week , whats the point of it , do americans like sharks that much ? 
  i do n't know , i would fear other things swimming in overcrowded beaches . 
  though thats only the case because where i live we barely have any coast and its baltic sea so no sharks there . 
  watched it all , was not a good experience , but then again i watched gantz live action movie and liked it so i might not have a good taste . 
  `` save '', 
  wait what ? 
  this is exactly how the paper looks ? 
  i thought it was a hyperbole . 
  i hope that when i return to poe to rampage i will be capable of eventually getting atziri . 
  that sounds cool . 
  it will probably stay relatively same , desync is because how they separate calculations on their severs and your computer , there are quite a sum of reasons why they want it to continue doing it same . 
  only bought premium stash bundle when it was on sale , i 'm a student with limited budget so that what all i could afford . 
  so its in the smallest bracket . 
  probably based on the fact that all life % nodes got flat reduction . 
  especially knowing that health overall was nerfed a bit . 
  were n't most of % nodes have been nerfed ? 
  hints are all over the journals .
