  you probably would think differently after a week of owning one . 
  they tried to steal the camera !, 
  this is a weird article . . 
  they do have taste and the taste is usually not bitter ( maybe the ends tend to be bitter ) , some of them has kinda non-sweet watermelon taste . 
  this is like saying that you could never be football player after seeing ronaldo play . 
  there are a lot of bad actors . 
  because mimicking face and matching it to voice is not something anyone could do better than doing it with face trackers ( or w/e this is called ) . 
  that is why a lot of games with good face animations are done this way and all others which had it done artificially look very bad . 
  is n't pi cheaper and more powerful than what he suggested ? 
  all up to 100k . 
  but we would need to speed things up , so we need to go up by 250 after hitting 500 and by 500 after hitting 1500 , then by 1000 after hitting 2500 , then 5k and after getting to 15k we can all quit because this is pointless . 
  what madman would play cs : go at 10 fps ? 
  what is this , 19th century ? 
  total defeat happens . 
  that guy knows he 's fucked . 
  yes it made me smile , just because you are hard to please does not mean others also want to be cynical about everything . 
  come on , even they are n't that bad to play a competitive shooter at low frame-rates . 
  damn as someone who likes to collect different kind of money units i would love to find something like that . 
  the oldest i have are probably those soviet banknotes with animals . 
  i am not sure how this relates to my comment . . 
  well we are talking about a competitive shooter , sure they can go and play , but they will not enjoy and also drag their team down . 
  never heard of him . 
  most people only have 69 watt jack . 
  how the hell did you get only survive 6 attacks for the robot ? 
  you are on fire in this thread , no wonder you work for amd !, 
  what about taping 6 together ? 
  you braliukai are crazy !, 
  title should be `` why british tv is better than us '', 
  docking gear extended !, 
  well it would go the same , except with risk of human lives . 
  did you paint it 's legs and shell ? 
  this has better quality cgi than transformers . 
  are we even sure this is cgi ? 
  pretty much everything is doable except the trashcan-auto-ordering ( that would require rfid on every item ? 
  so it would require some work from the sellers ) . 
  fuck this , ca n't even listen to these guys anymore . 
  makes me feel sick . 
  good thing my country does not have it that bad . 
  just the usual basked going trough the church and nothing more . 
  like there is no logical explanation for this , your pc must be possessed by his ghost . 
  that is one weird place . 
  still more entertaining than / r/funny . 
  would this type of toothpaste help me maintain my teeth sensitivity a bit because i grit them during sleep ? 
  you really are fragile . 
  well but that would be the same as just scanning like she did before throwing it out . 
  that would be interesting , a spheric wheel which by using magnets has some way of lifting your car and is spinning because of other magnets and electric motors . 
  replacing them would be tough though . 
  what is outdated about it ? 
  you can get tv streamed trough internet into your pc whenever you want . 
  so thats why people in japan like karaoke so much !, 
  that is how science works . 
  `` hmm maybe i should wear gloves while handling radioactive material , who knows it might be harmfull ? '', 
  are n't those equivalent ? 
  even killing molerats is hard with no weapons , but overall , you just need to be good at giving stimpacks . 
  ugh so i have been rewatching stargate universe and only now it clicked to me that it is the same actress in it . . 
  hmm i heard people calling new boxes `` epsilon '' . 
  i usually have a goal to stop dying in every map . 
  but i ran with -10 fire resist up to lvl75 in this league because i really was too lazy to trade . 
  do you need the explorers to return and cash in the caps to finish that ? 
  new season of his show was pretty bad though . 
  * but damn , she can actually sing , and better than me !, 
  obviously too many , so many electrons that nothing else fits in the trashcan . 
  no , plenty of other comedians get posted here . 
  the reason why usually couple of the same comedian bits get posted close together is because , when someone sees a video , he might go and check out some more , then he sees something good and wants to share with others , so he posts it on reddit . 
  we all knew it was going to be this video . 
  one of the internet classics . 
  i would also if it was not a futuristic design but just a sailing boat , but i would probably not be able to afford . 
  those were just cardboard boxes , shaped a bit , and then with shit glued to it . 
  i hope this will go on for so long that people will forget the reference and will just post it without knowing what it means . 
  oh so it is an android going haywire , stuck in random response loop !, 
  delete his facebook account . 
  damn , it must be pain having to deal with the hair everywhere . 
  and they have close to 1b in 2015 revenue . . are n't there some anti-competative laws to force them into doing their service properly instead of screwing consumers over ? 
  well if you got bigger salary then you are promoted . 
  well , it is just the screen , so there are other parts which would make it thicker , or you would need a box next to it ? 
  would have been all ok if he was not a shitty person . 
  that 's why he got banned . 
  any plans for making mr. safety videos again ? 
  the oldest type of anesthesia . 
  tits and pussy gets all the views . 
  nah , she is just ice cold down to the core . 
  wait . . 
  so there are more achievements than i would normally see ? 
  not an achievement hunter , but this is fun little thing . 
  how are the ones down to 2012 ? 
  worth watching ? 
  i know , people should not be allowed to have fun on the internet . 
  who would even buy oculus if vive was cheaper ? 
  seems like vive has a lot more things packed into it . 
  and it kinda even looks better . 
  it would involve an orgy with tarantino . 
  but the truth is , rift people must have an idea on how much vive will cost , so it will cost even more . 
  large companies would not set price knowing someone could undercut them . 
  i guess i 'll start the trial after exams , i wonder how much of the good content will we get here in eastern europe . 
  curbing overpopulation . 
  good thing my e-reader can last a long time if i am not listening to music . 
  like i read every evening for few hrs and it 's been 2month since i charged it ( maybe more , just approximating ) . 
  damn this is funny , and he did not say a word . 
  i think he is doing that because he knows that if he added voice to his humor we would die out of laughter . 
  who the hell takes a lambo out during a flood ?
