  and nato without us would still be miles ahead of russia . 
  no that is completely fucking different things . . 
  you overplay the amount of fear we have . 
  it is mainly media which is fearmongering , most people are not . 
  yea but value in taking those cities would be non existent . 
  they have to get rid of all the overstocks of crude oil somehow . 
  i have never heard anything like that so not sure if sarcasm or america is just that far off . 
  i love how sjin is pushing blame on lewis for using broken mechanics . 
  sjin it to win it !, 
  maybe cucumber is a metaphor and you actually have to fuck the demon . 
  `` we cheesed her '', 
  is it not the point of divinity ? 
  yea , expected a short zoom in on a massive space city . 
  i guess the trailer will be full movie . 
  your own fault for going democratic way . 
  autocracy is the only true way !, 
  that 's pretty much the only thing they know . 
  you are an epitome of generalization . 
  there must be severe health problems because of this . 
  apple or orange ? 
  fuck it then . 
  this is as political as it gets . 
  but somehow mods still allow this video to be here , but when it came to that climate change documentary they were swift to remove it . 
  i guess toucan play this game of unboxing . 
  there are some people on this planet who clean their house . 
  i know it is unbelievable . 
  no wonder people are starving when food is banned . 
  the problem is that big chunk of population rely on burning stuff for everyday needs . 
  hard to change from that when they are still relatively poor . 
  must be a robot . 
  crocodiles would like to have a talk . 
  rage katanas are necessary for every gamer . 
  well these days building coal plants is more expensive than renewable generators so it is not all too bad . 
  well when opinion does not add anything to discussion it tends to be a bit annoying . 
  everyone has opinion about what is funny or not so if they would all share it it would be just clusterfuck . 
  so unworkable that most of the world starting to see a lot of gains from it and pushing up investments , countries in europe manage to run entirely on renewables on some of the days even with not the most modern of what can be built now . 
  similar situation against eur . 
  but these jumps are due to uncertainty of what this political event will mean to global economy . 
  it is just politicians trying to calm down the public by saying things like `` uk will open up free trade with us '' and other stuff . 
  people click because of someone else is interesting on the show and not because of fallon . 
  so it is reasonable to complain about having to suffer his antics when trying to watch the guest . 
  there is a line between opposing political views and being offensive xenophobic bigot . 
  everyone is . 
  adventures of harry and his experiments with polymorph potion . 
  i think there is a problem that existing is still pretty greedy in rich world , you have to put some effort to be neutral . 
  damn . 
  i did not want to start my day with this many feelings . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  again . . 
  someone like trump getting elected . 
  i am in eastern europe and have been having same past few days . 
  i think the question was if he is drifter or end . 
  it is almost as if it is written by japanese person . 
  toddler logic . 
  ca n't even begin to imagine what that feels like . 
  still if it burned the eyes , hard to tell what it was doing to the lungs . 
  no where he mentioned they were largest . 
  ca n't imagine living without it . 
  i like to make all sorts of food with flour and i do n't particularly like eating meat . 
  magnets , how do they work ? 
  ca n't tell if excited or terrified . 
  these type of social games are probably the only vr focused games which look fun out of current ones . 
  some type of upgraded version of tabletop simulator would also probably be fun . 
  and i 'd imagine for games like this even cheaper headsets would be fine . 
  so we colonized mars !, 
  you win this time . 
  if this the same company which recently bought out another oil company instead of diversifying ? 
  yea , heck they had russian commentators so could not even understand what they were discussing . 
  scottish mps hold a lot of seats right ? 
  hard to see them voting for article 50 . 
  you forget the option of threesome . 
  poor mom . 
  uh , you made me imagine someone making fries in crude oil and eating them . 
  #someone grabbed it, 
  seems like there are a lot of us undefeated at ufc on reddit . 
  we should form an army . 
  it makes you think about how many things we take for granted . 
  though i would probably be as exited as this kids if i visited and african village . 
  so sad that there is a lot of violence over there though . 
  hopefully they will do the invisible fight justice . 
  one of the best scenes in anime . 
  wait , are they asking you to vasalize them ? 
  had no idea that ai might ask that . 
  well this was allegedly due to political pressure . 
  they bought up a state owned company ( while themselves being partially state owned ) and it allowed the government to add that money in the positive side of budget hence reducing deficit . 
  someone please correct me if i am mixing things up . 
  seems like the unit maintenance will bottleneck him . 
  he was at -60 gold . 
  he needs his allies send him as many trade routes as possible . 
  you do n't really need to be a dog to do that . 
  well when you try to befriend wildlife which is known for being aggressive , you are going to run into few issues . 
  he got 3 % which is i guess something . 
  not sure how it compares with older elections . 
  he is going to make / r/diablo great again . 
  i think i 've seen interview where he stated that he will not run again . 
  so hard to tell what will happen in 4 years . 
  and make the skeletons pay for it . 
  only a matter of time before someone will decide to spin a running chainsaw and decapitate himself . 
  soft pillow is kinda easier . 
  charlie the destroyer of worlds , commander of beasts .
