  here in europe gas prices are pretty high even with cheap oil due to the tax . 
  i wonder how will this government income be absorbed when more and more cars will be electric . 
  yea , that 's why quite a few people want to try out trans-siberian . 
  spaghetti factory monster will enjoy the soul , ramen . 
  with or without bob 's mods ? 
  not really a choice . 
  no wonder people are mad enough to think trump would do well as a president . 
  `` maybe banana got peeled ? '', 
  you make wood out of oil . 
  what if it became alive ? 
  we did not have adam sandler back then . 
  yea this was pretty surprising to see being used that early . 
  if only people like you understood that computer science and making flappy bird are two different things . 
  wait till we get ttp/ttip , that 's when i think shit might go down . 
  i do n't know man , they say women come from venus , so that might be a good reason to explore it . 
  better than what , power cables ? 
  well the software of the car is what caused the accident , if your phone decided to explode due to siri deciding to overcharge your battery , the blame would kinda fall onto the producer . 
  probably hot guy will still get similar reaction . 
  man you do have issues , i hope you will feel better one day . 
  it 's ok , you will be treated better once you will treat others with respect . 
  make it f2p and they will all be like that . 
  so if you ca n't afford that then you are a hostage . 
  i am not american , but i am voting for trump !, 
  who does n't want to make america great again ^ ^ ^ tm . 
  there is a thin line between science and doing something stupid , i think he might have crossed it . 
  100 times better with sound . 
  this guy has perfect facial expressions . 
  it was !, 
  them being short also helps with it . 
  add \\ in front for hashtag to work properly . 
  all money went for makeup on buzzkill 's eyes . 
   it gave her a clownish look that made me want to thump my head on the table of the small conference room the doctor had appropriated for our meeting . 
  joker , the origins . 
  the play was a very big part of the book imho . 
  hmm expected something completely different in sub about mud men . 
  feeling a bit sorry for you americans . 
  you would have to reduce settings at that point so still the same . 
  we joke around that the trains in our server are controlled by skynet , they keep killing us at worst times . 
  matches seem to be a bit more random in balance of peoples skill at dmg as compared to le/lem . in dmg often 1st and last person has 20kill difference ( sure kills are not everything , but it is re-presentable ) , where when i was at le it was fairly even ( with exceptions ofc ) . 
  yeah , lets all go pick on asians ! ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  it does not matter if it is not a sale if the people will not be buying it anyway ( or like most tv show pirates , they do n't have option to buy ) . 
  it does not create any cost , it might even give free pr . 
  probably people learn this at school and go to reddit to post it . 
  well it 's not like only the finns could be taught about this guy . 
  it is good if you are good at frogger , i myself got killed too many times on it . 
  one is not really being used , did not count it . 
  trains are a bit more fun than robots , and we have resource spawner overhaul mod so we have stuff quite far away . 
  i think this station is missing couple of ores at the moment , but eventually will probably expand ( you can see on the other side of track there is already one substation ) . 
  things do n't clog up too much yet . 
  but lead deposit in the base is drying out . 
  there are techs on bob 's mods for that . 
  without that this modpack would be hard . 
  best escapes are done with help of inside man ( or woman in this case ) . 
  i think to fully enjoy bob 's mods you should play with several people . 
  yeah , went from pretty nice to boring cover . 
  steel beams ? 
  i wish it was a bit longer so it could follow the book a bit better . 
  this is like those guys who stand at the side of the street and shouts that 9/11 was inside job and that rapture is coming . 
  nobels for economy are often given to statisticians/mathematicians who just had some deep interest in how economy works . 
  i do n't really understand your point so no wonder you get downvoted . 
  well neumann died in 1957 , nobel prizes in economy only began in 1968 . 
  now if you look at economy prize winners you will see that a big percentage of them were given to econometricians , which is basically applied statistics and mathematics . 
  yea i think nash has both abel prize and nobel in economy . 
  well i thought that it would be enough to refer to him as nash since game theory was discussed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_forbes_nash,_jr . 
  til he recently passed away :(, 
  yea it is a great movie . 
  maybe it is partially responsible for my carrier choices . 
  same , i like giving blood because it is so simple , you just go there , lie for a bit and that 's it . 
  hell , they even give you chocolate and some other stuff . 
  ( they gave movie tickets with blood donations several times ), 
  but i always have that anxiety whether it was used . 
  canadian vampires are so greedy . 
  i like ac/dc and it was terrible cover . 
  oh that was episode 5 . 
  not as good as episode 69 where it all turns into terrible porn for 5minutes . 
  ca n't fake something like this . 
  looks like something from nightmares . 
  there is a difference between satire and gawker . 
  aaaand his name is john cena !, 
  it would be serious drama , but we have to deal with felicity . 
  would not be rushing to call tokamak reactor a cutting-edge , stellarator is where the advanced version of fusion is going probably , since it would be more viable as long term power generators . 
  still impressive , and if they reach their goal of 17min then it might prove to be possible enough and cheaper ( i would guess you would just cycle it on and off if , assuming that would net energy in one designed to do that ) . 
  you have to just close your eyes and believe . 
  hey it 's me , your brother . 
  ca n't really be happy about streets full of drunk people imitating stereotypical holiday . 
  i always wonder how do they keep them secure , does not seem to like anyone is paying attention to people using them . 
  though i love the self checkout , eliminates so much hassle and you can fit 6 pf them instead of 2 normal lines . 
  totally worth the sweet sweet karma . 
  i do n't know , i climaxed pretty decently at the end . 
  first they beat them at go , now they are going for politeness . 
  some bugs are just so random !, 
  a lot of copy/paste or using functions . 
  another one of these ? 
  can you restrain yourself and downvote or ignore the post instead of commenting something no one cares about ? 
  they should do snoo next . 
  it does work when strong math and not basic stuff is used . 
  at least they get rid of whoever could not solve something this simple . 
   giant red kong fist bazooka, 
  giant red kong fist bazooka gatling gun ftfy,
