  but if he believes/thinks that it will grow , then he is not lying , but if he thinks that it might not grow = he is lying = it will grow . . or is this logic flawed ? 
  that 's the best documentary there is at the moment . 
  so this is how pictures for gw posts are gathered . 
  plot twist : the friend comes out as gay . 
  doubt there is anything made out of meat there . 
  im from lt so i might translate, 
  yep, 
  oh so dogs now can write ? 
  damn they are catching up to cats . . 
  origins of harlem shake ? 
  ok so alongside bunch of e-products ( taste enhancers ) there are actually meat powder in there . 
  when you get to complex analysis calculus seems like a dream, 
  are you willing to have negative wage and health benefits ? 
  it should explode , but i opened it safely too , may be triggered randomly, 
  he had to take it off for the lamp to actually help ? 
  yep , no other choice but apple products for you mate . 
  immortality ( even though im depressed ), 
  what if im christian and an atheist ? 
  patrick jane, 
  i guess im the only one who kinda enjoyed it , ofc it had `` some '' issues with plot but . . 
  probably you just dont know your fetish yet, 
  your lithuanian brothers came up with it, 
  modern crops or medicine, 
  look , i think he is smiling aww, 
  wtf did i just watch, 
  literally, 
  thats 64f for our american mates, 
  there are few types of lazy people , those who are lazy out of stupidity and those who can do that and still be productive , im the 2nd type ( always do what i have to do but put it for the last minute and usually get great results ) , but i understand the frustration , especially in the situation when kids environment is involved . 
  have you tried talking about it with him ? 
  also laziness is one of symptoms of depression i think . 
  if he is depressed then professional help would be more useful but if he is arrogant then getting him to seek it would be problematic . 
  as for letter i think that would n't do much help if he is depressed , he needs to have some kind of shock to realize what he is doing wrong . but im not a psychologist so that might be wrong . 
  that its bias towards the writer not the truth, 
  so its 1pm ? 
  where can i get one ? 
  as a person who always goes to meetings early , that would be annoying, 
  i hope i wo n't fall of my bed after i go to sleep soon , after imagining this ... 
  so thats what his 3 wishes were . 
  so you are that type of person i hate then , i guess . . 
  i would name my rabbit alice, 
  ugh i guess that a terminal disease then . . 
  maybe he is only using different type of algebra, 
  poor serge, 
  i wonder if that is a metaphor, 
  and here i was thinking i could watch all the older episodes ( before 2005 ) : /, 
  spongebob : the shining, 
  yea need to make every series / movies / books in a list then, 
  why only to a car ? 
  i ride it all around the supermarket , growing up is for sane people !, 
  seems like a cool boss . 
  sorry but everyone knows the who let them out ... 
  first time i read it as coat ... 
  reminds me resident evil , seems like milla gained some weight . 
  i think thats one of those things ( forgot how they are named ) which has vagina . 
  quick , try to bend a spoon !, 
  cats usually do that , there are water drinking fountains for cats which imitate this ( loops the water ) . 
  seems more like alien abduction . 
  well , they kinda were disrespectful so nothing unusual to kick them out . . 
  and now i have thriller stuck in my head ... 
  pretty much how it feels during my migraines . 
  after you realize how much relationship would complicate stuff and eat up time it cheers me up ( university does n't leave much free time ) . also the fact that i cant stand talking with someone who is even slightly less intelligent lowers the selection . 
  wan na trade to dota 2 invate ? 
  has any1 got link to the video ? 
  i guess no need to shop for dinner . 
  showering everyday is overrated , especially if you do n't do much physical work and do n't get sweaty . 
  damn , mine is in red zone . 
  i can close , but its not lockable . 
  how the hell it took 2 years ? 
  have you got some strange skin condition ? 
  but your skin naturally should change skin layers ( even if you stayed at home all that time ) , but that probably just slows down with age . 
  who doesnt love him ? 
  tried calculating how much money you spent on it ? 
  glad to be of service mate :d, 
  first of all school isnt that important . . as for making them study , the main thing is finding what interests them and use that . 
  dobby is a free elf !, 
  i suggest running !, 
  and you 'd think that over these years they would learn to model server population and use dynamic number of servers according to that . . 
  glad the kitten survived !, 
  same thing goes for me , only lithuania , though the more i hear the song the better it gets . 
  you can drive certain cars from 16 here , and normal cars from 18 , drinking age is 18 ( 21 ) , but that 's an american mistake to imply that all european nations has sane laws . 
  as person with same situation , i dont mind seeing those pics . 
  when you die , `` shit happens '' . 
  donate it to charity and help hungry kids . 
  took few seconds to notice . . 
  damn , i didint check , its a dead end . 
  the follower is exiting car and coming closer . 
  he shows me to open the window , maby he is just lostttttttweafdhawasfdg, 
  that incident was very unlucky , getting your heart pierced by a sting was so improbable . 
  now with new , revolutionary boob bounce ai !, 
  is his name satan ? 
  isnt singularity - infinite density with 0 volume ? 
  who cares , commercials are designed to attract stupid people . 
  they let dogs inside passenger sitting place room ( dont know how to call it ) ? 
  thought they were n't allowed , this seems cool . 
  yep, 
  a tasty , tasty sheep . 
  maybe its diplomatic passport ? 
  i thought he had some terminal damage which just takes some time to kill you . 
  i know the feeling : /, 
  put a hand on his knee and he will move , or hit you , either way no personal space problems .
