  you assume he takes advice ? 
  the problem here is that it is diesel and not crude oil . 
  metal is too heavy for me , i prefer carbon fiber . 
  or your nose , or fingers , or get face scarred from frostbite . 
  so many bad things happen up there that it is just not for me . 
  currently started 3rd book , it is hard to imagine the series being turned into a movie and not tv series . 
  he is from ethiopia , view is distorted . 
  at least this video is nicely done and the cuts flow pretty well . 
  could n't he use the air going upwards because of those 2 holes he drilled as a stopping mechanism and cover them in order for the balls to go down into chamber as a trigger ? 
  hot dogs which automatically go into your mouth so you do n't even need to use fork/hands . 
  might be a good application for drones . 
  banana is eaten = astralis will lose , everyone knows bananas are choking hazard . 
  someone rolled in a transformer into the shop ? 
  hole foods . 
  how is that different from someone walking his dog or pet alligator ? 
  though it is hard to tell if it was done as a joke . 
  the quality sadly gone downhill quite a bit . 
  they are slowing down the episodes so much that it almost feels like watching power point presentation . 
  manga is still awesome though . 
  apple earpods in a nutshell . 
  magic . 
  i think that someone elected him as a president is more insane . 
  he should just walk it off . 
  this guy probably has more trouble than just clicking , this seemed like a very serious case . 
  so he should have let his child get burned by the oven ? 
  the more you do it the more likely it will become an instinct move . 
  you should not go to vacation to china . 
  the ones which phrased it as a joke ? 
  they are my favorite . 
  one eyed white dragon ? 
  ok , i am starting with this one . 
  got 2 last time when only watched from semi-finals . 
  and now none with having twitch on for all matches . 
  like seriously , this would be economical suicide for china . 
  as if vegeta would go for anything other than direct confrontation . 
  that guy is so high he is probably at mars . 
  just use your mic and dudidududu ... 
  i wish i had unlimited wealth to pull random stuff like this . 
  he is just racist . 
  and being solid at relatively high temperatures . 
  often when i go to / r/all and see their posts i ca n't stop but thinking `` surely they are not serious ? 
  they do want some stability to increase wealth . 
  volatility gambling is tricky these days . 
  i thought they were going to use tariffs on mexican goods as a way of funding the wall ? 
  in this case us citizens are probably going to be the ones paying . 
  finally now both bottle flipping and dab is dead . 
  i hope he starts wearing a helmet . 
  duncan gets fleet which can actually do something , immediately backs off . 
  that is how pyramids have been built . 
  the size of our atmosphere is just on completely another level even if we would build couple of millions of these turbines which would be necessary to power the planet . 
  probably fossil fuel plants affect wind more than these . 
  money would be slightly irrelevant in this case , especially debts between waring countries . 
  very likely . 
  once they show their capabilities more orders for commercial satellites will come up and that can be profitable . 
  especially once moon bases will start being built . 
  just like nazi germany rode it out ? 
  yes , future mars missions will rely on moon bases . 
  especially manned missions . 
  you overestimate china by a lot . 
  the only thing they have is manpower . 
  but manpower against us would be pretty useless . 
  because this is one of the main targets of esa and other agencies ? 
  * alternative flag, 
  if exactly this does not happen i will be very disapointed . 
  it is more about fuel/water being made there . 
  this is just a normal shot . . 
  what about all other ethnicity ? 
  these type of articles are fucking annoying . 
  doctors are chosen because of what personality they will present and obviously on their acting skills . 
  i think it is time we had an octopus doctor who . 
  you seem to be quite brainwashed by media . 
  why is it racist ? 
  is it not more racist to say that next one should be of a certain ethnicity ? 
  oh , this ages old picture . 
  must be a very tiny arena . 
  that 's why they say `` bitches get stitches '' . 
  can it go to 12 though ? 
  cause mine can . 
  pole vaulting . 
  better . 
  it is just hardcore dance , he will come back as a zombie . 
  hold my ~ ~ beer ~ ~ gene pool . 
  that lie was too hard to push after new equipment and ammunition turning up . 
  and machinery which requires expert knowledge were used . 
  what are you crying about , you can literally complete everything in the game without spending any money on gems . 
  sure if you want some random skins or whatnot you are expected to buy them . 
  but there is nothing you ca n't complete gameplay wise . 
  meh they are filming 3 of them now iirc . 
  that tells how weak the budget is . 
  though there are reasons why people do not want to put money into who and looks for alternatives . 
  wait , he is still working for ms ? 
  not sure is calling someone a weapon is an insult , heck i do n't even know what qualities that implies . 
  is that punk version of daft punk ? 
  it is not as simple as using water or foam when it is forest fire and it is windy . 
  people who salute . 
  but she does hit air molecules so with high enough ramp she would miss it would n't she ? 
  how would automation solve this ? 
  you made me realize that i want dc show from a villains perspective . 
  fun fact , often organ damage happens and it is not so apparent from the start . 
  well this is the language he is using so i guess this is civil now ?
