  maybe on 30-40fps it does . 
  though when i buy pc i look for a long run so im bias in looking for what will work well now . 
  oh i even forgot about two keis . . that was ... as much as i didint like the catastrophe , i think it could be better in anime form . 
  its first time ive seen this so its unintentional , as opposed to most of other popular comments . 
  im not german , i just used germany as it has relatively similar pricings . 
  im going to use local sellers , ordering tends to be expensive to my country from abroad . 
  i doubt that i will need 650w , i would probably need 550w , 600w would be a bit safer pick . 
  my main concern is reliability and sound outup . 
  probably non-modular would also be more beneficial for first time build . 
  for motherbord , im pretty green ( new , not enviromentalist if it confuses ) , so i dont fully understand the benefits of new stuff . 
  i will not overclock and will not use dual gpus . 
  and yea im mainly was looking for price and reliable maker , cant push it up to z87 , might be able to meet in the middle between , but not sure . 
  yea im not too concerned with modular building , sometimes just prices seems to be greater . 
  but ive read some places that modulars has a bit higher temps , that means it would need better cooling and that means it could get louder . 
  anyway what would you suggest out of 550w options ? 
  ( im mainly looking at http://www.1a.lt/ and http://www.skytech.lt/ , language you will not understand , but if you just need search option ), 
  whats the main differences between matx and atx in terms of its capacity , i might be ok with matx if the parts i listed works fine with it . 
  nah , the main choice for me is atx vs matx as the case is for these mainly , im not too concerned about size as both will fit , as far as ive seen most of the time its the extra pci slots what is different , im not entirely sure what i would gain by having them . 
  the main issue could be the price but it seems that its similar . 
  yea i was looking at that seasonic psu , but the 520w was a bit worrying ( so if i going to get it from a shop where ive got some security i will get it and change for 600w if it fails , i guess there is no harm to try lower ? ), 
  might be true , but here http://www.bit-tech.net/hardware/graphics/2013/10/09/msi-radeon-r9-280x-ge-oc-review/8 are a bit larger numbers . 
  sorry i missed the total system draw . 
  what abaut matx mobos ? 
  any suggestions ? 
  the first 2 has pretty much the same prices . 
  im not entirely sure the differences between d3h , and d3sh ive originally posted . 
  so i gues it is better , also seems to have a bit newer sound card inside it . 
  so i guess it pretty much settled , ill just post [ build ready ] so that maybe few more people would see it and check for mistakes . 
  the , not having ssd , was a price choice so that i could invest a bit more into gpu . 
  though gpu might be 770 gtx , it will depend on what deals i will get . 
  they relatively the same but if ill be able to get 770 for a very close price i might go for it . 
  i know , thats still pushing my price limit , i will eventually add ssd , but for now im settling without it . 
  when ill earn a bit more ill add 120gb evo . 
  yea , my old core 2 duo + 9800gtx will finally be able to rest when i get this . 
  ( or not , i might be giving it away to family friends as they might be in need of it ), 
  im not german , just added for price in euros and similarities . 
  im in lithuania , so mostly all foregn places cost quite a lot to order . 
  also i might get personal discounts in some shops im looking , so that also influences the price and choice where i buy . 
  im probably going to get it from https://www.skytech.lt/ , or https://www.1a.lt/ and limit is 2500 lt , but the build is pretty much done , i was asking if it all will work fine together and thats it . 
  yep 2500 is my limit thats why i went with seasonic psu , as its the best in that price range . 
  770 is not really faster , they are more or less the same with r9 having more potential . 
  the 770 you added is not a very good one either , tf would be the one , and its 100 lt more . 
  you also accidently added 2 hard drives so that bloated the price a bit . 
  motherboard you added is not that beter its the same with few additional pci slots but its atx as opposed to matx . 
  i wouldnt risk getting zalman , they tend to be a bit lower quallity , im better of with n300 as it offers all around better cooling atmosphere , especially in summer , and is well tested . 
  ill look around about psus . 
  ok here is my build http://www.skytech.lt/krepselis-76718.html , ive got a question , is this psu good enough/reliable ? 
  thanks , was working on it for few weeks . 
  it will be my first time assembling it together so im exited to get it next week . 
  whats wrong with that ? 
  does the bike cost more than the car ? 
  sorry for barging in in not my topic , but i was wondering will i be able to add 2nd 280x to, 
  it says it supports the dual-card thing but i dont fully understand the slots . 
  ok , im getting a pc and i chose gigabyte ga-b85m-d3h mother board , and was wondering , will i be able to add 2nd r9 280x to it ? 
  it says it supports the technology , but i dont fully understand the slot system . 
  im getting msi r9 280x , and i took psu seasonic s12ii-520 for power , do they fit together , i dont fully understand how they connect ( the whole thing with number of pins ) , do i need something extra ? 
  if so what ? 
  yea i just got confused when i saw the 6pin +2 pin . 
  yea im not going to get 2nd gpu anytime soon , nor ive got enough power for 2 . 
  i was just wondering if thats a place for future upgrade . 
  yea it is , was just a branfreeze moment i guess . 
  thats what i did , chose the mobo just because its a decent one in that price range , also can fit 32gigs of ram someday if im crazy enough . . 
  yep thats what i was thinking , thanks . 
  probably going to buy some stocks . 
  sorry for being mean but i laughed at the name . . 
  not all people vote because they agree with whats written , also if it gets popular on reddit that doesnt make it popular outside of it , we arent that diverse . 
  im getting my 280x next week and i was wondering can i use only 1 of the 3 games now and save rest for later ? 
  only thief is what i would like from the list . 
  ( im not even sure my seller gets cards with the bonus games , but still ), 
  because there is no desire/need to do that . . also i would n't trust most glass bottles . 
  well by the looks of the `` robot '' fight tv show in last year , we are a bit too far from this . 
  so modern art ? 
  she worked so hard that she warped space-time around her !, 
  pretty much , what ive heard from some ex-dreads , it eventually gets stinky and bad even with quite a bit of care , im sure there is a way to properly minimize that , but still ... 
  its way older than that . . karmadecay is not always accurate . 
  post a ticket 1 year old ? 
  so have at least 8 characters + no more than 8 characters ... that surely cant be shortened !, 
  it was pretty boring part , but the moment , when that guy just threw the glasses on the ground , got me . 
  well that earned the guy 2x gold , been a while since i wrote anything good : / . 
  i guess work makes me incapable of thinking like a redditor . 
  well when you sit to play one game of civ , you usually end up with a beard . 
  took me a while to remember the episode the other guy is cosplaying . 
  though that episode fits reddit very well . 
  upvote system is a bit different 80000 upvotes = / = 80000 people voted for it , it has some kind of diminishing algorithm to calculate it . 
  but anyway , popular opinion on reddit is not the same as popular opinion outside of it . . 
  might be wrong , its where commas would be in my native language . 
  at least i 'm not an asshole . . 
  lithuanian , its the rule about putting another sentence inside the main one to describe something . 
  nah reddit is all about getting called a moron by a random stranger , that 's where it shines !, 
  well i usually am surfing / r/top , but just because its more convenient than / r/new and filters some of the bad posts . 
  huh , thats pretty much picture near definition of random . 
  thanks dear sir !, 
  so im getting my new pc soon and it has 280x , im not sure if my seller works for those 3 games , but if it does first game im getting is thief . 
  now , can i leave the rest 2 games to choose later or do i have to do all of them at same time ? 
  as im not sure about murder , and other games doesnt seem to be attracting me . 
  do i get rewards for current achievements i have if i joing playfire ? 
  i wish i had attention span to read that comment . . 
  but its probably more of a lack of interest than attention . 
  or uses always , commercials cant lie . 
  is there any info about murdered ?
