  respond with '' it is a picture of you '' i dare !, 
  agree , he was the best :(, 
  wrestlers know how to miss, 
  only modding could save simcity, 
  the problem probably is not building things there , but to have them actually do stuff and send out data agents, 
  dont forget jumpbears, 
  and still ea wo n't care, 
  because he works for ea, 
  hmm would this quest work awesome with recycling centers ? 
  i once tried to stop it by kicking, 
  reporting for booty !, 
  ( i know ... but had to say it ), 
  which server ? 
  im from eu w2 , so we wouldnt have timezones in sinc , but any1 here comes from that server and wants to team up , im up for that . 
  its probably made like this to dumb the game down , so probably no chance of getting it back . 
  by standing there i guess you are distracting them from the `` riot '' so its perfectly understandable . 
  you would still need to spend 500 $ for expansions and dlc, 
  cant chose between dead space 3 and battlefield 3 , main concern is that bf3 has a lot of dlc out and that would hinder my chance to enjoy playing online , and ds3 does n't have a long-term viability . 
  but as i understand there is alot of maps on those dlc ? 
  if the reason is games , not natural cycle , then its probably the whole series of screw ups not just simcity . 
  who else memorized it ? 
  i would like color indicators too sometimes its hard to find where i missed upgrade, 
  would be cool , but that would never happen, 
  so is here where the 4400 live ? 
  so you got karma ? 
  pretty sure they do, 
  maybe this will be new trend in 15 years, 
  and wtf is that ? 
  yea had that happen 1week after buying , after being told it was a male ... 
  why is n't this tagged as gore ? 
  that face :d :d, 
  whats bad about having tiger pattern ? 
  i should get 2nd , and a new pc ... oh wait i 'm poor, 
  or malzahar, 
  shit and this got stuck at end untill new page loaded ... nope !, 
  few years ago i had such pc , though it sadly wasnt working, 
  what if you just like the t-shirt ... ? 
  map is probably bigger and ai better, 
  why the hell not both ? 
  soo . . need to re-watch another one ... 
  hard to make heart out of cubes, 
  lol that tear freaked me out, 
  beep, 
  same goes to migraine medication which might cause pain ... 
  isnt jesus a real historical figure ? 
  ( except all that son of god crap ), 
  wtf were you playing ? 
  is he a pirate ? 
  aaand now its art ,, 
  that guy has some skills, 
  dude where is nsfw tag ? 
  good , needed this , now i wo n't need to play it again and i 'll be able to start first bioshock . 
  how dare you !, 
  whats happening is that you are losing . 
  all hail orangered !, 
  thats one mighty stead !, 
  we have to use nukes !, 
  dont worry we shall be victorious !, 
  they did tell us how , check the blog . 
  nice try periwinkle, 
  yes you are , and thats why you are losing, 
  that is how it works . 
  flame thrower i presume ? 
  arent widows deadly ? 
  yea according to wiki they bite had 5 % mortality rate from bite before the antidote was created , + bites looks like to cause a lot of damage, 
  i thought bananas might be getting extinct soon because of the diseases ? 
  so is he a scientist or a composer ? 
  thats one bad-ass cat, 
  and why did this have to be at the end of the page ... 
  that one was pretty obvious for reddit, 
  poor batman , years were bat for him . 
  and here i sit , having this sound machine which can run some games too . 
  damn it guys we lost ... 
  they still look cute, 
  source ? 
  i do n't think artists would mind that, 
  probably a bad idea ... 
  i think you are forgetting pirates . 
  because its nutella duh . . 
  i think it ends just at the best part :(, 
  sleeping . 
  how would that distinct smart ones from stupid ones , all of that is simple calculator `` math '' , smart ones would only do it faster, 
  unobtanium goes cheap these days . 
  and here i sit , wondering weather i should get a new champ to have fun or to get some different runes, 
  so i guess its that time of the year to rewach sg1 . 
  so does it come with biological printer with standard set ? 
  what type of jokes you like the least ? 
  some programmers use it as a habit, 
  that fibonacci !, 
  i ended up in snow biome first time :(, 
  or unless you are a shark, 
  maybe the concept of god is better for them than science , as they might not understand science as good and religion might help them cope ? 
  looks like a real life pokemon, 
  i would say `` because i like to think '', 
  someone needs to photoshop an explosion there . 
  because its more efficient to dry from top to bottom . . 
  what is this reference to ? 
  so thats how newborn trains look ? 
  dont forget the brand new 5 in 1 , shampoo , conditioner , body wash , tooth paste and mouthwash, 
  isnt that a thing which blind people use ?
