  so many choices and not a lot of money . 
  well i knew that i would not be able to stay there , at least not in i place where i did internship , since most people there were with phd or masters . 
  what i hate the most is hypocrisy , and people who hate things . 
  and then she continues by spilling the drink ... 
  well i think you would be fine by just adding people who are fine to your friendlist , and forming premades from there . 
  playing in public ones is hard even without having to deal sexism . 
  have you tried teaming up with people from other time zones ? 
  wow man , did not realize wasteland 3 is out !!, 
  jk , thanks for the giveaway . 
  i 'm on my 3rd , i first buy meat units , then buy expansions and spend half of my meat on hatcheries , then i buy territory . 
  now make coats/clothes which can change how they look with this tech . 
  obviously you would need to carry backpack with batteries all the time , but you have to make sacrifices for fashion . 
  np , 100k euros and its yours . 
  `` who communicate telepathically '', 
  i do some freelance work for the company , so that 's something . 
  the only way to feel about this is to enjoy the spam of `` wh '' while knowing you do n't use any hacks , it makes luck-shots like this very satisfactory . 
  i do that a lot after kills like these , luckily only 1/10 of the times i get killed because of this . 
  i did not know that plants can have albinism . 
  oh fuck , that would be interesting !, 
  and i think they did confirm other speedsters happening in the show later ? 
  it 's like dark batman after flashpoint . 
  6078 , thanks for the giveaway !, 
  a.t.o.m bombs . 
  i know right , that bear even tried to attack that scary swede . 
  `` silver noob with fucking p90 . '', 
  what usually happens in chat after this . 
  if i use free respec will the ascension cost increase , and what happens to lep mutation effect on the ascension cost ? 
  yea it got a bit better now that i am at mge , hopefully it will be better in dmg soon . 
  though i do n't like p90 , the only unusual gun i use is sg 553 . 
  especially on dust2 if my team does n't buy an awp then i pick sg and spray a bit between doors , 1/10 times i manage to hs someone who is going to b. 
  scientists sometimes do not think things through . 
  why stop filming when that 's the best footage he could have expected . 
  hold my abba cd , i 'm going in !, 
  easy , i wish for 100 genies . 
  well usually you need to add the tax , and then the prices are more comparable . 
  you do realize i do n't do it every single round ? 
  it 's a situational choice to do that and it helps 1/10 times . 
  and why would i even send you anything to prove it when you are taking an aggressive position ? 
  between the doors , not through the doors . 
  damn , that 's an insane donation . 
  that must have been so surreal for him . 
  5679 , i hope i can win , need something to cheer me up . 
  seems like one of them had his stomach poked by several bullets . 
  what if my country is not among the listed ones ? 
  counter strike, 
  north european or south european ? 
  watchmen watch obviously . 
  yea i have had a problem of having more rows . . 
  but then again i did not use excel to work on that data , only used excel to have the quicksearch accessible on the side . 
  i think sanji and the others have their hands full . 
  not too much time passed since they got separated . 
  bart is love !, 
  the mark was kinda related to demons coming to existance , and it 's purpose is to lock down the darkness . 
  the darkness smoke looks exactly like demons ... 
  so maybe the mark not just locked the darkness away but also spread the darkness among people and people who become demons have it leaking out ? 
  i always wonder what i 'm shooting at when i shoot that wood wall . 
  i bet it 's not even close to hitting anyone . 
  who is he again ? 
  as someone who loved and still love dinosaurs , i 'll watch the movie , even if its bad . 
  yea , that 's my favorite animated movie from dc . 
  what 's the point for the virus to leave someone motionless , surely that wold hinder its ability to spread ? 
  almost 1k wins and only mge . . had a big break , before it i was mg and after coming back dropped to silver , had a hard time ranking up after that . 
  also i need to mention that i almost only play competitive matches . 
  and 120fps , so peasants ca n't see him . 
  just do n't be dumb like me and do n't accidently add 1e28 to lepi and freq mutations , other than that distribute them evenly since everything increases based on oom . 
  67 and my favorite tv show is burn notice . 
  all that laughter is what kinda made this funny . 
  this does n't look like a great alternative to current transportation , but who know . 
  damn this was a funny cat glitch . 
  ummm ... 
  someone is actually using google + ? 
  you should really stop with your necrophilia . 
  i wonder what blaine thought after that reaction . 
  well get a volleyball or something then . 
  did not know about that issue with facebook . 
  though i do n't use it . 
  someone want to hold my nagev ? 
  it is still considered ice age . . 
  m4a1-s now costs more than awp . 
  more like bigmac-10 . 
  those are crocs early design . 
  like they obviously probably listens to people reaction to the series , also its not like the season is finished at the start of the season , they usually can change things on the basis of reactions of viewers . 
  well it 's not really as bad as he says , it was ok for tv show pilot . 
  is it not the original definition from ancient times ? 
  damn i like this guys delivery , though i never heard of him . 
  this probably will ruin the doors in a year or so . 
  those dishes increased his stats quite a lot . 
  well even you know he will not die , what you wonder is how he will survive . 
  simulates being hanged as a piece of meat so that you could objectify yourself more . 
  is it me or does the 9 demons look better in anime than they did in manga ? 
  damn , that was great !, 
  oh god that poor lady , but this was hilarious !, 
  `` i go to school in dooplin '', 
  yep , definitely better with sound !, 
  that 's not what other people tell me . . 
  i just consider them unworthy to hear my sounds . 
  stick is probably the best teacher a kid could ask . 
  as someone in similar situation , i do n't care , their song was pretty good and i would not mind it winning . 
  it has nothing to do with political agenda of russia . 
  new boost meta confirmed !,
