  so , you didint have a plate ? 
  or did you eat it . 
  bravo , got bravo box today . 
  playing cs : go and i can see that im getting better each week . 
  bastion : 17798, 
  trine 2 : 2672, 
  i guess i know where i will go in case of nuke attack . 
  til using calculator makes you smart ... 
  would like a virus named tom , thanks . 
  123 , sorry dont know any of such music . 
  and i sit here rising my acf tadpoles , thats my only connection to biology ( except the obvious ones ) . 
  probably mic circuit . 
  great list , commenting to save it . 
  based on the the `` pipes '' ( how can i not remember how to call them ) scale to people in front it seems like he is small , but also its probably a backpack for 17inch laptop . 
  thanks, 
  is it me or does the logo look very similar to reddit aliens face ? 
  he said conceived , not born . 
  but i guess it would burn up in atmosphere if it did fall from that hight ? 
  does the following scene happen also ? 
  am trying to figure it out too : /, 
  obviously you are not welcome there !, 
  what if i told you that there are candy bars for diabetics ? 
  plot twist , op is a female . 
  how expensive are those rings usually ? 
  seems like a scene from alien . 
  but what if i have 0 fucks ? 
  did it hurt when he clawed into your lap ? 
  i was referring to grammatical error . 
  how is any of my sentences incomplete ? 
  do you think someone missed opportunity to call the syndrome amazons syndrome ? 
  or is just me ... 
  glad that many people know that about amazons , thought new generations might not be so knowledgeable on antic myths . 
  well you are from the new generation which does n't read many books ( im also from such generation but i was an odd kid ) . 
  lies !!, 
  that 's mathematically impossible , trust me i 'm mathematician !, 
  it pretty much adds tons of stuff from the start of the game up to the endgame . 
  would definitely need to start over . 
  was n't tb video out but he took it off the youtube because he didint like how 1.2 got presented ? 
  its not like you will see much spoilers knowing their progress speed . 
  tell that to vampires . 
  they become smaller and attack in large groups ? 
  conspiracy theorists , i summon you !, 
  same thing happened to the unicorns . . 
  no lithuania ? 
  at least we would diminish the hipster trend . 
  can i see recording of it somewhere ? 
  i missed the stream : /, 
  good servers , builds , mods , there are tons of stuff to do . 
  big gifs , is this sci-fy ? 
  well i guess that 's is n't such a bad thing , less spoilers temptation . just the devs input intrigues me . 
  well then maybe you should n't die so much :d does the start seems harder or easier for 1.2 ? 
  just curious , using mobile as a router ? 
  at least hundred hours of gameplay . 
  did he watch porn on that ? 
  if no , then he did smth wrong . . 
  ive got a question about game difficulty , do you feel the game got harder/easier in some of the stages ? 
  so more than 1 ? 
  maybe gardening = doing it just enough for yourself/family , farming - doing it for profit ? 
  it is rescued , if they arent taken , they get put down . 
  is there vid with sound ? 
  well wouldnt you ? 
  so three pages are a lot to kids these days ? 
  why do they even bother ? 
  but , but he stole your karma !, 
  what is this 1.2 you are talking about ? 
  i thought this was at school , at uni i never had such short papers to write , even on lectures sometimes you write 10 + pages of notes . 
  im thinking of adopting one from shelter sometime , but are there usually kittens available ? 
  i want to rise it from beginning . 
  the deep holes always face up , you 're welcome . 
  instructions were unclear , forgot my keys . 
  its all fun and games until you get shot by hunters . 
  damn that 's hypnotizing ... 
  i dont mind such gamble , the reason i want a kitten because im very curious person so it would be fun to rise him from kitten . 
  well its 2nd for some time zones . 
  well im thinking either adopting or getting stray kitten , though at this moment i cant . 
  dat inventory management ... 
  it would reach orbital velocity . 
  then again , i usually have same problem until i have fast way home . 
  you spelled his name wrong twice , he will come to hunt you . 
  i was glad that i didint know that eow appears when you smash 3 pots . 
  well i think if you watch totalbiscuit/jesse lp you wouldnt spoil too much . 
  idk , ice age seemed pretty legit . 
  `` hardmode bosses have a chance to spawn on their own to help players progress through the game '', 
  aww how nice of them to help us ... 
  still , having that skeletron prime spawn would suck . 
  its not tech , its magic !, 
  do n't know if i used correct thumbnail : / . 
  yea i think medium is optimal one , mainly because you will still probably make few more worlds so it would just save up time to have main medium . 
  all what you mentioned is kinda connected to what type of drugs coffee and alcohol are . 
  i think that axes should have most damage from melee weapons ( it kinda seems logical ) . 
  but when you think about axes , knockback doesnt sound realistic to what axe weapons actually do , crit is a bit better though . 
  i dont want somethig public . 
  but does he like breakfast ? 
  as a math student at uni , getting the answer is not always as important as is the solution process itself . 
  well technically she didi n't fuck with him . 
  soul of tights ? 
  an non jokingly why not might , being dropped in new jungle dungeon . 
  yea forgot about it , long since i played . 
  also burn notice ended this month if i remember . 
  had a brilliant ending .
