  what is even the point on copying if you are not using original artist . . 
  donald dump . 
  it is most likely the vocal minority which opposes this . 
  that is why he got accepted , made everyone believe he was actually 29 . 
  almost like tree farming . 
  it was a hyperbole . 
  took me far too long to notice something off about it . 
  that synergy between fry and alan is hard to replace . 
  nah , i am pretty sure swedes invented this just to trick tourists into trying it and then laugh at them . 
  could you diy this with syringe ? 
  it is really hard to think this way when you have trump saying what he says . 
  that is big part of the problem . 
  these shots are done from different angles . 
  it is deliberate shot to try and make crowd size look similar . 
  i love the sounds that makes . 
  everything is large in his hands . 
  the thing is , he is not saying what he is going to do . 
  he is spewing usual political bullshit but with in words of a 14 year old . 
  is your daughter a dad ? 
  ` accidentally ', 
  hopefully it will get a graffiti regardless . 
  you need to train them to something you would normally not use , like `` i do n't need more money '' . 
  either japan or canada , lots of nice sceneries in both countries and they are far away so it would be unique . 
  well made is not the right word , had an accident might be better . 
  most probably noticed camera . 
  are you not afraid of contracting cancer ? 
  damn never knew something stupid like that happened , still hilarious . 
  do i take the money during summer when i will take the climb or can i get it in advance ? 
  or beer . 
  obviously high end , look at all the beef . 
  only helps when deciding to rush or not to rush . 
  no , there are proofs to 2 +2 = 4 , same as with global warming . 
  you can provide the reasons why you are right . 
  it is crazy that country as rich as us ca n't handle a simple problem . 
  how can they be so bad at infrastructure spending ? 
  hmm if i do not remember touching any mercury should i be worried ? 
  the end . 
  that is pretty offensive to hobbits . 
  that is his point . 
  the problem is that no one really rows for 100m in competitions . 
  elijah seem to be a great guy to hang out with . 
  he was pretty great in his new tv show too . 
  yeah it definitely seemed off . 
  i am negan . 
  and they wonder why no one wants fords . 
  they just hate europe too much to buy european cars . 
  when the issue is unsolved for so long it should be regarded as bigger issue , otherwise it sounds like very inefficient way to deal with them . 
  well i am not a car person , so maybe my opinion is affected by that . 
  never seen the point of mustangs . 
  is there particular reasons why they have problem like that ? 
  the vacuum ? 
  well the probe would probably be nuclear fueled since it does need to take readings . 
  well since a lot of that energy is spent in heating up the water and a lot of the energy from water is used to heat up the air with increasing surface area the math probably has a bit of an error . 
  also i wonder how much steel is 1000c , i would guess it is lower at core ? 
  but i can prove that no heat can melt the ice beams !, 
  obviously solar wind is getting stronger because sun is yuge now that trump is president . 
  that heats up the planet . 
  is savitar his daddy ? 
  i hope he escapes every episode to make it feel that they ca n't change the future . 
  it is his meta-ability . 
  he is mememeister . 
  they do need an episode to blow all the money on cgi . 
  downvotes happening because no one agrees with your bullshit , stop with your confirmation bias . 
  the whole relationship is weird . 
  it is us , they do n't fix problems , they hide them under the rug . 
  i will try this too , though in my country you probably would need to buy something to get other free stuff . 
  or just do n't see the point in celebrating them ? 
  you do n't need to be intellectual to have an opinion . 
  well the color really depends on how fast it froze over . 
  geez what cave did you come out of . 
  savitar probably costs a lot too . 
  i ca n't understand how you people manage to paint things like this this nicely , especially tabletop gaming figurines . 
  i mean not someone like me . 
  what ads ? 
  oh wait , not even ublock stopped that cancer . 
  you do know you need a banana to be pro do n't you ? 
  increases your adr . 
  i once saw a dude get angry at self checkout machine , i told him to calm the fuck down , machines have feelings too . 
  not sure what 's the big deal , i also have four working legs . 
  even if the risk is very very small it still reduces long term costs . 
  i am more impressed that they managed to be so good at following this plan without preparation . 
  smaller , then decimated by arrows and surrounded = charge !, 
  ca n't be , we still have n't seen the english use magic missile . 
  pretty insulting , i am actually apache helicopter . 
  someone needs to gold that poor chap . 
  you forgot my red rocket . 
  yea the author is torturing the poor ai by not giving it enough words . 
  hopefully they will keep me as a sex slave . 
  well now that his main bitch is dead he has a lot of them in line . 
  i still do not understand why prometheus is so suped up . 
  did he get the whole deathstroke serum into him ? 
  heck he is pretty much deathstroke in different suit at this point . 
  yeaaa , nationalism is what he wants , economy does not generally like it when borders are closed . 
  she is earth2 laurel . 
  booty is zoom confirmed ? 
  must be all the blood she drank . 
  they are pushing for more and more tariffs , building a wall , blocking people for immigrating due to their religion and threatening/insulting their allies . 
  this is not literal closure of borders but the effects are the same . 
  get lost in some woods . 
  thank me for the help before you go out though .
