  second semester will be tough . 
  ( hell first is not easy with god damn fallout 4 ), 
  i have the opposite , i try to play d3 but it gets really boring , so i go back to poe and create some new exciting builds or run hard crafted maps . 
  there is just so much more to do in poe ( even if you do n't trade , if you do trade then there is nothing to compare with d3 ) . 
  survival skills in this one are strong though . 
  it is easier to continue the genes after running away by sacrificing current mate . 
  edit : holy shit , that sub exists . 
  just because people like someone it does not suddenly become worship or cult . 
  the reddit obsession of being different ( the anti circlejerk ) is a bit obnoxious . 
  but it is true , tons of young people admire him . . 
  if he inspires people to push for their dreams then so what if he has flaws ? 
  what hero is perfect ? 
  not in this context . 
  a hero is someone who is admired for his achievements and qualities here . 
  damn , i would not trust that pc . 
  could be a bomb . 
  so that people could see what his cpu parts are , duh . . 
  maybe to show that it was a weak haki , not something like vergo had ? 
  i thought that that described win 8.1 ? 
  at least try to make some kind of joke , just posting the sub does not make any sense . . 
  tbh , i also liked how the default character looks like , just changed few features , added a beard ( was thinking of making it longer every 10 levels ) . 
  mime would have used dongers . 
  scotland is mad that the rum is gone . 
  it is not meant for view of our mortal eyes . 
  i do now . 
  your face would be on your ass . 
  yea but a thirsty russian crashed into the island . 
  is it really that girly of a thing ? 
  tons of men do that and admit it . 
  cooking . 
  just calm down and enjoy the game , there is plenty of content for a while ( unless you rush ) . 
  i have that feeling after blowing myself with caps mine i throw . 
  happens so often , especially when legendary ghoul sees you too soon and rushes . 
  wait , was this the paranoid guy who thought he was getting poisoned ? 
  i think i found a fatman near him too . 
  i think that diving board was the thing after which i stopped having fear of high ( but those were a bit taller ) . 
  that is a beefy power supply . 
  nope , just no one likes you . 
  weird , i found them quite recently 15h in , ignored them , they had skulls and i was going for that four leaf factory . 
  i barely heard any mention of them so i though i should keep away until someone asks me to look into them . 
  found them near the river . 
  depends on the movie and spirits . 
  thats what distinguishes it from being manly and girly . 
  this is how ww3 will start . 
  they just really want all that spicy cancer tax . 
  or did the math , it is a very basic one . 
  some days he likes to wear manly clothes , other days its dresses . 
  not everyone is bourne for that kind of life . 
  plot twist , happy was also training and has some new op powers . 
  i really hope this is a joke . . 
  you would be punished for arms trafficking . 
  but hacking is a wide term , and not all of it is illegal . . 
  because it was the topic of this comment chain . . 
  they also increase your violence , so you will be in a max security jail . 
  most people i know showers . 
  do you seriously not know whats the difference or are you just trolling . . 
  are you not pc brah ? 
  as if witcher was not buggy and had no performance issues . 
  and i know 3 people and also myself who had 0 problems with fo4 . 
  who you know does not matter , majority of people are having little to no issues and just vocal minority is screaming their lungs out . 
  as well there are tons of threads and posts and reviews with people not experiencing any problems . 
  the question is , does sweaty balls in this context mean negative or positive thing ? 
  best yogscast video , 11/10 . 
  they are down-voting because it is not a dumb idea and because you are an asshole . 
  the reason you are thinking it is dumb is because you probably never tried it and do not realize that this is the first generation of the product . 
  have i even mentioned the article ? 
  we are discussing the idea of how these devices work , not the article . . 
  come on , what corporation would n't be shellfish ? 
  this is the greatest acting i ever seen . 
  a bit far to look for ethnic russians . 
  though they do have a lot of tourists . 
  actually its from 1 to 12 , depending on mathematician . 
  1 dimension universe models exist . 
  well we can see what happens when a tourist decides to fly his jet to turkey . 
  and the swan is gay . 
  good thing i have a lot of bottlecaps . 
  damn , i tried to shoot this guy like 5 times from different angles . . 
  or maybe you are colorblind ? 
  i went there and i did not give a shit . . 
  how does this stuff taste op ? 
  try out / r/outoftheloop, 
  not great , no one accepts my bottlecaps as currency . . 
  well like all of us you probably have no ammo for that thing . 
  colour is 4th dimension . 
  kinda . . 
  i still only have 1 , then again i did n't check the traders for it . 
  but i think having just one shot makes it kinda more special when you use it . 
  that assumes that industry will not bribe enough people . 
  we both know that you had nothing better to do anyway . 
  but then i will have to take care of all the settlement shit , i am ok with going and killing raiders or ghouls , but i hate building stuff . 
  i am trying to imagine this race with all of those buses full of children . . 
  this is too dark even for me . . 
  whats the difference between him an trump ? 
  like how could you kill something this majestic . . 
  i kinda get hunting for food regular boars , but this one is just too great , probably would not even taste good . 
  i think she might be having a stroke . 
  if only gaming skills would transfer to real life . . 
  yea but that is way different from normal games . . 
  it definitely does not train gunplay . 
  transformers would be lens flares and explosions .
