  this will probably be safe , especially at only that mass and that type of `` waste '' . 
  but still , there should be a better way of dealing with it eventually . 
  did n't turkey release a lot of inmates in order to make space for these `` coup ` ers '' ? 
  well the election observers are not going there mostly because his acceptance rates are so overwhelmingly large that his victory is inevitable . 
  i am confused on how this is not treason on jr side . 
  i am not american so maybe i do n't get most of legislative things . 
  but this has to be fully illegal , so how is he still walking free ? 
  he had a hard life , so ca n't expect him to be smiling all the time . 
  going to meet for information delivered by foreign government who are offering to affect the state of election and give blackmailing info on one of the runners ? 
  that sounds like treason . 
  if internet taught me anything it is the fact that there are abundance of people who hate fun . 
  this is breathtaking . 
  it is perfectly readable if done properly , i do this at work daily . 
  you do realize that these acids are so widely spread in consumer products that banning them would be silly . 
  not to mention that someone could make these acids just as easily . 
  almost look like flapping wings . 
  probably would be best to do not an overlap of all the lines but have them on several plots side by side and in couple of levels . 
  if you fix the y axis you can still compare the trends quite easily . 
  something along the lines of this : http://imgur.com/a/zuoun . 
  i 've seen this , are you guys characters in an anime ? 
  drugs , lots of drugs . 
  it is just russian propaganda , ignore this . 
  another doctor who subreddit with usually a bit more critical audience https://www.reddit.com/r/gallifrey/comments/6nmirt/spoilers_megathread_the_13th_doctor_is/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=new&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=gallifrey, 
  because it is overly discussed topic and people stopped caring . 
  especially when we need to see it in order to judge . 
  this `` kid 's tv show '' has better writing than most of tv shows . 
  they even eased us in with master -  missy . 
  what ? 
  only bart is a reference to naruto . . 
  the whole point of this is to distract public from bigger issues . 
  must be hard to type for you with that beak ? 
  i mean killing innocent people and destroying others lives was a pretty huge defeat for the government by itself . 
  if they would not have done it , there would probably be way more casualties from that time than what the blasts caused , it was a world war . 
  now world is relatively peaceful and none of the nuclear countries wants to risk using them . 
  nk has unstable and psychopathic leadership which does not care about what happens to their people so they are more likely to cause this unstoppable chaos . 
  or tick track . 
  would a public school teacher count as us intelligence official ? 
  only 4 , which is kinda scary . 
  this bill is so much against public interest that it is hard to defend someone voting for it . 
  why not puppet russia ? 
  he knew how popular 3d movies will become . 
  well it will be the most populous country by then too , so with relatively well thought out plans and government capable of following trough it is quite expected for them to grow quick . 
  hoping they will get people out of poverty . 
  is n't it ? 
  well we ca n't base hypothesis validation on few days data . 
  everyone knows the only true lord is lord atom !, 
  how do you discharge after hard day of filming ? 
  also probably uncomfortable to be in same position ? 
  how can they argue it is pro-consumer when it clearly adds additional costs ? 
  how do you know quality is down on this one if you did not watch it ? 
  and bleached of course . 
  because everything is happening because it 's 2017 , duh . 
  is n't he taking it from certain person who loves riding horses shirtless ? 
  i think he would be opposite of cool . 
  my first proper concert i went to was of linkin park . 
  it was a great experience . 
  sad that he did not get help sooner . 
  even if it did happen , so what ? 
  minecraft is still a good game, 
  i also feel that making it different is correct approach , the japanese movies are very well made and trying to make a copy would just fall short . 
  a big part of the game is trading , and doing it on standard is pretty meh . 
  and why would you talk to someone like him for that ? 
  username checks out . 
  based on the nickname i think we should be concerned about his overwhelming love . 
  yep , those are clearly chemtrails . 
  the trading is just very unbalanced there due to the league being old and full of legacy items . 
  since after every temp league everything gets dumped into standard it skews things a bit . 
  but the game is perfectly fine without trading or with minimal amount of it which is perfectly doable on standard . 
  it is still quite popular league so my thoughts might just be biased . 
  we just need to see which will win luke 's armor or danny 's fist . 
  after this they will become best buds . 
  is n't lc 's shirt also super since he got into the powerup chamber with it ? 
  yeah , no bullshit spoilers , just a good hype trailer . 
  yea pen seems to be the only viable thing if everything he said was true . 
  you must be him to go for such a low hanging fruit . 
  i am impressed , this guy is too childish even for disney . 
  i definitely see frieza wishing for all universes back just so that he could destroy them himself . 
  there will be plenty of cheap flights in western europe , just not u.k. 
  except the house , it had a pretty weak grip . 
  this was great . 
  the kid liked it a lot . 
  hell this is better than buying some crappy chinese plastic shit for 60 pounds . 
  and a voice made for silent films . 
  well this was wholesome . 
  great to see happy people . 
  well he picks people similar to his way of thinking , so incompetence is a given . 
  if you got ta lift you gon na lift . 
  it is because of that . 
  well lifting 20kg protein powder bottle is good warmup . 
  as someone who reads a few papers due to work , i definitely usually check the journal which it is published on . 
  there are plenty of them which will publish something what is incorrect or very biased . 
  and sifting trough the articles and double checking it take a lot of time . 
  or had a card deck ready in case they get fooled to do some good tv , it is not like they never get fooled and it would be unexpected . 
  especially by the guy who already managed to fool them . 
  they knew that the guy which will come is someone who does card tricks , so not just in case someone , they knew who that someone is . 
  well not sure how honest he is . 
  so suicide ? 
  i would be worried if they did not protest because of the ban . 
  well hopefully india has more backbone to enforce it . 
  similar things do work in a lot of countries .
