  and if i could have had an android cheaper obviously i would have gone with it . 
  the phones itself are both as good as one another . 
  at this point i even forgot that sanji and others are in the crew . . 
  welp one more reason to add to a list of why not to skydive . 
  no idea what he was saying but it seems like he succeeded at it . 
  well we do n't know if her mouth has been anywhere . 
  op did not share details . 
  well i never knew about that sub but once i saw it i knew it will be the case with all the comments . 
  god people are weirdos , and i am the biggest one . 
  the reason i want this game is probably reason a lot of people wa n't it , i grew up with gta 1 and 2 , they were amazingly fun games , enjoyed 3 as well as san andreas . 
  skipped the 4rth because of couple reasons and now i want to try the new one and get my nostalgia on . 
  will probably not be able to afford it in a while , so giveaways and waiting for discounts are my only options . 
  overweight = / = obese , to be obese you need to be ~ 20 % heavier than normal ( sorry , napkin math ) . 
  they will just license it out , telltale - half life 3 . 
  that 's one of the reasons some of us are so socially awkward , we do n't want to risk getting punched by some crazy random guy . 
  `` mooom , how do i ask a girl out ? 
  is she supposed to be staring at me like i 'm an idiot ? '', 
  i would be amazed by the parenting if someone would manage to pull this off . 
  the point of ram is that it is crazy fast , this sd card will not be even close . 
  there is enough make-up and photoshop in this picture that you could turn any middle aged dude into hot babe . 
  thats a small horse , not a dog . 
  he is training for your mum obviously . 
  you ca n't get punched over the internet yet . 
  tell that to a kid who had 3d printed prosthetic arm . 
  500 x 290 for mining rig , now that is a rig which can heat a small town . . 
  i am staying away from weird places and water now . 
  i just hope my dreams are ok . 
  well i guess she can swallow a lot of celebrity juice . . 
  oh god , this makes me laugh every time . 
  i need to bookmark the video for hard times . 
  imagine how many takes this took to film without laughing , probably stuffed several dogs full . 
  `` all multiplatform games sell less on pc '' even if that would be true , it would be due to bad ports . 
  even less since you probably got big part of it back if you sell drops . 
  i think you used to get them from badge crafting , not sure now ? 
  nah he got unlucky and had to be dd , just said '' the juice is it ? 
  tbh putting more money in the schools not always helps , though that obviously depends on country , and i heard a lot of bad thing about us schools , so it could solve some of the problems . 
  but i believe that the issue is more complex than just funding . 
  not sure who is at bigger fault , can you cross double yellow line ? 
  making it exclusive like that would undermine everything what pc is about . 
  doubt valve would do it . 
  norway , the japan of europe . 
  i would probably do nothing , world end means there are no solutions . 
  telling anything would just make the world way worse for a lot of people for the last week they have to live on it . 
  for non-american , was obamacare really that bad ? 
  pff , you want peasant resolution ? 
  i wonder how many times was this joke said . . 
  well they do n't really sound any special , at least that 's what impression i get after reading what they are about . 
  eighteen is not really adult yet . 
  a stick . 
  hopefully not the same one he uses in wc . 
  this looks like from sci-fi movie . 
  so if i tell that i am very smart whenever i meet someone , i will actually be genius ? 
  i was doing this completely wrong . . 
  thats some x-files level of stuff , they are just preparing for colonization ? 
  only listening to sound makes it very very bizarre . 
  damn jenny . . she even changed her name . . 
  i guess 5th dictates what to write . 
  he might as well become a monk . 
  i wonder how many people lose their backpacks like these guys . 
  i guess showing off in front of camera might be a factor . 
  probably , there are subs for everything , like hashtags . 
  though i guess it would just be full of gifs from afv . 
  dry top was very confusing for me . 
  i guess i just need read up a guide or a that . 
  where in sw all the goals were easy to understand and map was easy to go around in . 
  give him a benefit of a doubt , he might be mentally challenged . 
  what part made you say wow , confused . 
  source ? 
  was thinking of watching it , but i 'm always skeptical about mecha 's . 
  not a lot of them i tend to like . 
  about how stupid some people can be . . 
  i know its wrong , but some people are just too frustrating . 
  til thats a thing . . 
  damn , lucky bastards . 
  so no moddable policies ? 
  with a lot of garbage and corpses preferably . 
  and here i was , wanting to create druid city with massive forests and big distances between everything . 
  damn a mod which adds giant trees would work wonders with my idea of druid city . 
  at least i finally can see it partially as black and blue . . 
  as if that was the only reason not to use \u00b5torrent . . 
  orca bit my arm off , can i return it ? 
  he said `` no '' , god damn it !, 
  well we can go with [ classics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqt-h753jhi ) . 
  but you also might damage your doors . . 
  ca n't tell which made me laugh more , the answer or the fact that it got gold . . 
  not only that , but you are also the last one to do that . 
  tbh , i do n't think that you would need too much time to make it fit into south park style . 
  still pretty cool that someone went and did it . 
  the only question is , how much of the game is moddable . 
  tesla tank coming summer 2015 . 
  you think people would share ? 
  god i hope that game will be what it is expected to be . 
  even though i do n't fully like paradox dlc strategies , i still want to get this game as soon as i can be sure its good . 
  well at least he is not wrong . 
  well there are more than 3 people in the picture . 
  just 3 faces . 
  yea , it does look like that . 
  i might wait a bit to see how much control modders will have . 
  then again i got half of the price down from selling csgo stuff so i might as well get it as soon as most reviews will be out . 
  if only i was entertaining enough to be able to attract people to the game : /,
