  the same people who think cheap hat films deeds are legit . 
  `` hawking was wrong about world cup , can we really trust his physics theories ? ', 
  i do n't get the reference ? 
  ive heard that their skin is actually very soft and nice to pet . 
  though it might be some particular breed of sphinxes ? 
  well i guess i was too ignorant to realize that . 
  unless you wake up before hitting the ground . . 
  nah coolest thing was programming on pascal to get this effect . 
  or dig a hole and make a medieval trap . 
  yea i also was wondering what would happen if someone fell . . 
  how to spot norwegian in a group . 
  here she would get fined if you started drinking in her car . 
  wow london people live in the future . 
  at least here we have a lot of trees . 
  put it on , you are already distracted so the chance of accident is increased , better be safe and with a fine than hurt and pay for medicine . 
  yeah , i was thinking that there are lots of ways to pick up someone . 
  w8 a sec , ive got no time to use proper language !, 
  of course it would , there are people who regret doing crimes everywhere . . 
  sorry but america has too many of both kinds . 
  if we would do a proper statistical analysis it would need to be ajusted to density and few other thing , but no matter what you do us would still be in the lead because of widespread gun usage . 
  its weird how they justify gun use when places where most people are without them , are actually safer . 
  of course there are people who doubt their action every second of the crime , not all people commit crimes because they are bad , some people have been pushed down the society drains so far that they dont see any other way to survive , those people not necessarily have no compassion . 
  they will power dozens of quarries to just terraform the world into a big hole . 
  or just build a digital miner and invert it on something what does n't naturally spawn . 
  then i guess its pretty sad if you think like that about all the criminals . 
  bad parents . . 
  wow its been a while since i had this . . 
  yea there are several degrees of bad . 
  does n't seem bad . 
  pretty much , just not as kinky . 
  whats so rude about being attracted to different people ? 
  if you are unlucky then yea , though its more than just head you need to avoid falling on . 
  well thats what i imagined , sounds pretty cool . 
  though when ill be able to get one ill probably go with russian blue or some of its deviations . 
  well fixed , if that bothered you this much . . 
  well could be true , i might sometime decide to do a statistical paper on that , but still , i prefer getting attacked without a gun where i have a fighting/running chance instead of being attacked at gunpoint . 
  correct me if im wrong , but the way he handles his nose makes the shark senses go into overload and paralyzes him which makes that safe ? 
  sorry but i dont get it ? 
  some homeless people actually get out of poverty eventually . 
  still a shitty way to die , just randomly brain decides that its not worth controlling this body . 
  whats the point in holding a phone next to your head if you dont need to do so ? 
  look out , we have a badass over here !, 
  my work has winxp + ie , and i have to use them , so ive got that going for me . 
  idk , most homeless i see are most likely only alcoholics not drug addicts , but its eastern europe so its a bit different . 
  i think i used to be a fan of this guy when i watched wwe , now i cant even remember his name . . 
  though he was jumping from high up . 
  yep thats him , he was pretty cool to watch back in the day , alongside the guy which had the terrible family tragedy ( chriss benuat iirc ) they were 2 of my favorite wrestlers . 
  hey !, 
  they successfully found dried dirt ... to later find out that they can make it from normal dirt . . 
  what if that is actually zips who is frozen ? 
  op is 12 probably , we are too old to get the joke . 
  probably , but what about the `` super next gen graphics '' ? 
  it would have been cool if it had that too . 
  well im betting that witcher 3 will look great , though its still loong till its release . 
  yeah whole video that was bothering me . . 
  i guess im a time traveler . 
  i would probably try to travel as much as i can and as far as i can if my condition allows it . 
  god damn it stickley , you are failing your tag . 
  it had to be porn gif . 
  so whats next , shitty ascii ? 
  yep , she looked at camera which indicates bad acting , must be porn . 
  is how long we have until the end of the world from this moment . 
  what the hell is this shit comment ? 
  no relevance to the video . . 
  the guy was literally assaulted by her , and he actually reacted how any whiny feminist would want , without actually hitting her . . 
  thats pretty impressive . 
  he is probably too cray cray for that . 
  he looks like he just farted . 
  same goes in feminist posts with genders reversed , what is your actual point ? 
  or are you just being cynical and dont know that all people can be equally bad . 
  when you have a thought `` no one would actually do this '' there will always be someone somewhere who will do that thing . 
  huh , interesting novelty account . 
  / r/circlejerk, 
  oh and that will be a great story to tell my future grandchildren . 
  idk , thinking about a bicycle without a seat and woman riding it would easily result in thinking about this occurrence , its not a quantum leap of thoughts . 
  i would like to disrespectfully disagree with him , but i calmed myself down . 
  oh god , im not american but it still creeps me out of thinking someone like him in the white house ... wait . . 
  there will always be bush . 
  yeah , though its probably the case for most presidents these days , especially since a lot of places has low liberal rates . 
  so what ? 
  im sure gay person could also make connection like that . 
  of course someone would , just you would need to give them money . 
  and at the end i bet you could find someone somewhere who would do it for free , though i dont think it would be fun to hang around that person , but still . . 
  these dungeons are cool , though in one next to my base there was an arcane boss , and i could in no way kill him as he shields himself and ignores damage + teleports away , eventually he teleported somewhere and i could n't find him , checked the whole underground area , no where to be found . 
  will need to dig everything with digital miner , maybe that will help . 
  also i activated the tower tnt trap without knowing what it was and it almost did kill the boss ( when chest loot fell i thought i actually killed him ) . 
  im pretty sure there is more than one who filmed it , though i dont have any urge to look for it . 
  nice try , we know that everyone succumbs to reverse psychology . 
  they are just differentiating from civ at least a bit , if this is not popular then they will try something else . 
  he just spams gifs , obviously reposting them . . 
  thats how i imagine professional cyclist , that and add a pinch of doping . 
  su baru in my native tongue means with a bar , so it is punny . 
  there are far more alarming things happening than criteria annexation in russian agendas . 
  i would n't jump to call someone paranoid , that 's what was happening before past wars too . 
  yea that was a satire . 
  wow thats pretty amazing . 
  yep , apparently im too sleepy . 
  meh anti derivatives are easy , a bit harder when they have few more dimensions than 3 and when you add complex analysis , but still ... 
  yea sorry , a place where you go grab a drink . 
  nope , eastern europe ( lithuania ) .
