  yeah , now i am thinking fuck the europe , i 'll have a goal of owning africa . 
  well currently i have already cored all of it so it is a bit better . 
  also do not want vassal to use up relation spot . 
  i still want to actually claim throne from someone . 
  come on , they are even teasing me with their name `` atta man '' . 
  seeing how russians are completely owning commonwealth , i think i would have worse problems in europe than france . 
  i am impressed that we can have this level of shows on youtube for free . 
  this would sell well on network tv . 
  his other series are pretty decent too . 
  second part . 
  media is controlled insanely in russia . 
  it is often very bizarre what they are telling people . 
  imagine warships going to battle blasting this on their horns . 
  everyone know that once you go over certain level of drunkness you become british . 
  yeah i had totally forgot that i had 2 lvl3 advisors . 
  and forts are already gone . 
  only fenced out france because african countries are pretty weak . 
  hopefully i can take over africa before the game ends . 
  colonies seem to be pretty stable . 
  i am almost alone in south america and in north portugal , france , brits and me have pretty equivalent nations ( no where to expand anymore so might start to have tensions , no idea how colonies interact ) . 
  well i am also a president of most important people in the galaxy club . 
  how did you make map like this ? 
  as a lithuanian , i gladly accept our swedish overlords . 
  because above countries give same reward for all medals , so on average russia will give less . 
  i am impressed that they made it in such a slick way , no need for a turret on top of the car . 
  sorry no jackets , our club uniform is being stark naked . 
  so i had a lot of fuck ups in this game . 
  first i switch to protestantism quite early which fucked me over and got me into a lot of debt . 
  thankfully i managed to get out of it and spread out my colonies . 
  had couple of big wars but nothing too special . 
  then lost a war to france in 1750s ( surrendered and gave back iberian zones to portugal + one island to french ) . 
  then in 1780 i had an unsuccessful war against mali and kebab attacked me seeing how i was doing . 
  thankfully repelling kebab was easier than fighting mali and i agreed for peace in return for their 1 province . 
  then 1800s kicked in . 
  brits declared war because of the colony friction . 
  ethiopia declared war on me and they were allied with french . 
  this fucked me over quite a bit . 
  at the end i surrendered to french-ethiopians giving them a few provinces . 
  meanwhile while brits were bullying my colonies i decided that i will try go straight for them [ straight for them ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ltad1 ) was quite lucky to get 20 unit stack into the island and after getting one easy province i pumped a lot of mercs and went for london . 
  for whatever reason they did not defend at all [ did not defend at all ] ( http://imgur.com/a/qremv ) but after they had 130 unit rebels spawn i decided to make peace and took northern coast of england ( including london ) . 
  at 1819 decided to end with the kick on the doors and kicked out portugal out of iberia . 
  ended up with solid colonies . 
  owned half of south america and about third of northern america and also had australia , greenland and few other islands . 
  i guess it could have been worse for a newbie . 
  [ ] barry using speedforce to troll julian because he got annoyed . 
  did not expect it to fuck me over as badly as it did . 
  i think so , do n't remember if i colonized or stole from some type of weak nation . 
  so she actually is evil . 
  might be that the thing which wiped out a lot of mutants ( if this happened , hard to tell ) also affected his powers . 
  wait , so this is sequel to that timeline ? 
  are canadians joining eu now that we have one place freed up . 
  requesting might indicate one of the mental illnesses which would qualify you for it . 
  so it 's barry 's fault . 
  out of those who did not close down probably all were the ones which listened to the advices . 
  only if you will not bring newfinese . 
  otherwise we will just wall them off together somewhere and be happy . 
  hard to give away something what is pretty profitable . 
  though they did cast x-men quite well so hard to tell how marvel would outdo them with their perfect casting . 
  did zi this coming . 
  well she is probably the smartest one on the show so maybe no . 
  but kid flash might fuck it up . 
  well we barely saw the spider-man so yea we ca n't really tell how it will got . 
  but other a-listers were pretty fitting for their roles were they not ? 
  well last episode kinda indicated that he was having dreams too ? 
  also the show refurbishes the restaurants which is usually necessary and very close to impossible for a struggling business . 
  might be cured already in 2020 . 
  so when you add up these 2 together we have teamwork which is correct . 
  so russian propaganda inadvertently saying the truth . 
  dire cats . 
  natural selection . 
  all who did choke on them died out . 
  not all people can close the door . 
  whore, 
  we joined euro quite a while ago . 
  is it dropping that for all baltic countries ? 
  did you use incognito or the biased version of google ? 
  damn , had no idea that israelies went that far . 
  i mostly watch it as background noise while gaming . 
  but the quality of the show dropped in last 2 seasons so probably not going to watch it for long . 
  he has a wife , so yes . 
  i 've seen this thumbnail few times , decided to watch it and have no idea what i just watched . 
  i at least understand the appeal behind hpc . 
  i think it will still differ based on what country you are in . 
  would be interesting for someone to do comparison on different countries trough proxies or something . 
  only worthy warriors can enjoy kinder eggs . 
  yeah , i just killed a dragon next to them and they are going to try to stop me from picking vegetables ? 
  except the parent comment . 
  which is ironic . 
  i was referring to masterchef . 
  yeah i thought he was talking about masterchef . 
  and they kinda replaced kitchen nightmares with hotel hell . 
  it is very very similar . 
  ( though first few seasons overlapped with kitchen nightmares ) . 
  everyone is gay . 
  it is a happy world . 
  alarms are too distracting . 
  if we look at nature , quite a few species have males die instantly after sex . 
  quite interesting knowing that some countries smelted pots , due to lack in resources , in order to make weapons during ww2 . 
  nah , it is because when you eat it you remember how beautiful it is and your heart starts to bleed . 
  but you ca n't stop because how tasty it is .
