  i would imagine it would be cheaper to do a lot of these things if we would not rely on old technology as a baseline . 
  hopefully musk will have enough luck to build the big rocket without too much problems . 
  future is here . 
  geez , how did you live up to college with these survival skills . 
  are you using amd ? 
  it is probably because of the fact that it is reusable it is possible to make it that big and not bankrupt several small countries . 
  what about the magnetic field ? 
  does mars have strong enough one ? 
  yes it would take couple of months and then it would take a lot of time to wait for shortest distance again . 
  and first colonists are the ones who are very likely to die . 
  better send cheap disposable redditors . 
  damn those costs are insanely low . 
  can you blame the guy ? 
  xbox would not post something that stupid on their website . 
  as long as they are not 60fps pixels . 
  my eyes bleed at anything more than 30 . 
  are n't humans already official symbol of hate ? 
  all seem to be having fun , maybe that is the key to success . 
  no , not really . 
  all i can read is that game is challenging which is what you would want from a game like this . 
  first it took me way too long to realize that was not a carrot and then i did not even notice anything weird with pinky . 
  damn waking up early is hard on me . 
  get out of here with your inferior pinkeys . 
  damn that is one major fuck up . 
  ca n't imagine what made you decide stabbing your leg was a good idea . 
  hey , you can always hope that you are in a generation which will reach longevity escape velocity . 
  are you sure ? 
  if mars had life then it is highly likely there is oil . 
  yeah it was a bad idea , and i was eating leftovers which were not too appetizing . 
  i mean , i understand punching a wall or pounding table , stabbing yourself should not be something you would decide drunkenly or not . 
  hopefully mars will be the last place i poop . 
  i think he had brain damage once but he regenerated with memory loss . 
  might be wrong . 
  he is old as shit too which makes him a bit more wise . 
  he just stopped giving a shit . 
  he gets hippy pigeons ? 
  dog has seen some shit . 
  op what are you doing at your home ? 
  someone should edit this with pictures of trump being a president . 
  planet will be fine , it is a lot of current species which we are wrecking . 
  and millions of people in developing countries . 
  but the ones who are causing this are not going to feel pain , they are going to die before rich will start feeling effects . 
  undertaker will come for mountain . 
  have you seen protests in us ? 
  police has military grade equipment and are protecting interests of corporations . 
  totally expected it to be replaced with that angry tiny frog scream . 
  was disappointed . 
  first time i 'm seeing this guy so he might have gotten few new viewers . 
  personally i could not listen another 10 minutes without sticking a screwdriver trough my eardrums . 
  well people who do exercise understand that crossfit is unhealthy and want to stop people from doing it . 
  why did you buy them if they are free ? 
  push ups are probably most dangerous for shoulders if done incorrectly iirc . 
  300 pound barbels ? 
  who except captain america would use those ? 
  sorry , my english knowledge fucked up and i mixed those 2 together . 
  kinda hope the cops were fired or punished . 
  oh you . 
  almost gave me lethal dose of laughter . 
  do n't forget to add some lead in the soup to make it taste sweeter . 
  this is so odd to see in 21st century . . 
  yes , can i have your criptocurrency ? 
  nope , what is it about ? 
  sorry , i do n't understand french . 
  i do n't even know what crackle is . 
  though i 'm not american . 
  probably temprature and humidity and some other chemicals are important . 
  what 's even a point of a gun like that ? 
  welcome to [www.reddit.com ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ), 
  i think in eu this there is a law about this . 
  that is how decades of therapy looks like . 
  could n't we clone it ? 
  just an ad . 
  let 's see how russians will try to spin this . 
  698 , thanks for a chance . 
  often meeting old friends and hanging out makes me realize why they are old friends . 
  how do they taste ? 
  i am waiting for him to be linked to some type of drug cartel and just weeding out competition . 
  she seems to be bad at hunting eagles , there is one sitting on her . 
  well no shit . . 
  so better to bomb them with civilians right ? 
  this is starting to get too good to be true . 
  hopefully cdproject does not fuck up . 
  though i could do without multiplayer . 
  does canada even need promotion , it is full on beautiful places . 
  nature is amazing out there as far as i seen from my old friends who moved over atlantic . 
  i bet they transmuted it . 
  usually the point of going to concerts is because it does sound different than recordings when performed live . 
  it is pretty insulting to buy his product and not get delivered too . 
  is this the one which he did not send to people who bought it ? 
  i mean , this is stupid question to ask a politician , there is very high probability he would have degree in economics . 
  liar , we all know videos did not exist before youtube . 
  why are you so annoyed by comments , you can just ignore them and let us have fun . . 
  `` umm , guys , i left the house but it is very cold and scary , can i come back in ? '', 
  the more you know about economics the less you want to comment about it since it is very subjective topic historically . 
  source degree in econometrics . 
  yea usually when conversations like that happen i stay away . 
  mostly because i do n't trust my accuracy since my degree is more in mathematics than economics . 
  crossfire does not always work out well . 
  heck , here i am getting 1440p 144hz monitor which my 280x will not really handle well . 
  but my idea was to buy it so that i would not need to replace it for a long time .
