  that is actually perfect , someone needs to create / r/redditroadrage for stuff like this . 
  all i have is pocket sand and tenacity , but it will be enough !, 
  but marrow is dead , so no mark.ii . 
  oh but he can lock him up with chains in a basement !, 
  50 shades of superman x batman . 
  looking at your username i would say that it is then perfect for you ? 
  damn that is a lot !, 
  people usually do n't want to arrest themselves . 
  because you are an alcoholic duh . . 
  well what do you expect when you are months on a ship with no women ? 
  superwonders !, 
  matt damon is martian manhunter !, 
  yea we should also throw them into the ocean to eat these weird things . 
  `` oh so you are happy ? '', 
  well do n't you guys have multiple eyes on your arms ? 
  darn it . . 
  most of my lectures start at 5pm gmt ... 
  this is going to be tough . 
  is this canadian version of / r/polandball ? 
  honest question from someone who never heard of boyz ii men , were they big , and were they something inspirational for patric ? 
  that was so random , i wonder does it makes sense in some context ? 
  give me 2 beers and i can dance to anything . 
  ( well i was in dancing competitions when i was a kid , but stopped in late teens so it does not count ), 
  the video is old so sadly internet did not make the phrase a thing , it will probably not spread now . 
  it was something between being slaughtered and watching funniest stand-up . 
  and the numbers will probably increase . 
  in bird law , he is the national hero . 
  that is called pornographic memory . 
  that 's why it is not entertaining and profitable anymore , especially stuff like scary snowman , where everyone knows what that sketchy weird looking snowman on the street is . 
  damn thats one majestic creature !, 
  eating nutella with stuff a lot and i 'm not fat , your logic is invalid . 
  and your point is ? 
  just take the nutritional values into account and you will be fine . . 
  you would actually be very surprised . . 
  what are kids for if not testing your theories ? 
  two chicks at the same time covered in nutella ? 
  why else do you think piccolo was so stuck to gohan ? 
  he is his real mother . 
  oh thats what op was saying ... 
  i was so confused . . 
  you should check her instagram out . . 
  i think that s.h.i.e.l.d will successfully ward off the evil . 
  because change is hard and expensive in short run . 
  no dumbass . . 
  if it is 14:37 you will say fourteen thirty seven ( or thirty seven past fourteen , does not break the pyramid ) ... 
  if the race took 3h 30min and 57s then that will be the order you will call out the time . . 
  are n't we all ? 
  if i live to old age i will definitely troll the hell out of people . 
  little chance against any predator high in the food chain , unless you can outsmart them . 
  `` bob stop counting and lets grab a beer , that tree is old as shit '', 
  `` what is old as shit in years ? '', 
  `` probably something around 1 000 000 '', 
  hence your comment ? 
  fucking reasonable people and their damn logic !, 
  what 's the fun in that ? 
  about 3.5, 
  thats where body transplants happen !, 
  one man tank . 
  are spiders there to catch the bugs ? 
  it actually does n't make too much sense , if your goal is to lean and not to get the paper you will not cheat and use the tool properly . 
  that 's why profs in my uni usually do not mind , especially since most of exercises on exams would be from hard to impossible to cheat ( well except asking your friend for answers , even that is tricky ) . 
  then again i study math so a lot of theoretical thinking is involved and not too many computations . 
  again , my situation is different , we hopped trough diff eq/linear algebra pretty quickly since in reality anything in there is easy to do and as you say it is easily programmable and usually done on computers in irl situations anyway . 
  proper math involves a bit more fundamental things which are not that easily defined for computers to solve . 
  pretty much ( though the methods differ depending on the animal and the goal/situation ) . 
  vikings and leftovers are two very different shows but both are amazing . . hopefully they will not be cut short . 
  as someone who watched the episode , it was still hilarious . 
  most of viking and english interactions are great in that show . 
  you mean khal drogo ? 
  never heard of that position . 
  what you are saying is that cool outfits will be back in fashion ? 
  i think that would make darhk excited . 
  will turn people into zombies . 
  so do i !, 
  hey , its a gift and a curse . 
  not all of us are porn stars like you . . 
  when will they send x-com squads ? 
  in an ocean of noodles , the backbone makes small waves . 
  well either you did or did not . 
  second this !, 
  well it is a mass produced beer , those are always worse than alternatives . 
  it is not bad beer but it is not the best by far ( even among mass produced svyturys usually ranks low in taste out here ) . 
  what if the gf gets jealous ? 
  golum looks way better . 
  probably had ring for shorter period . 
  yea . . 
  pretty much most daesh attacks in europe ( stopped and not stopped ) were done by people who were already marked . 
  like wth ? 
  the problem is when the realization comes too soon , then you are powerless to change anything and you have to suffer the insanity . . 
  i agree that the flag thing was pretty silly , but it 's hard to compare the two events , france had a coordinated attack in several different places , not saying that what happened in us was not terrible , but france incident was just too crazy . 
  something motorcycles in mad max would be using . 
  wait . . 0 times imaginary number would not be zero ? 
  yea yea , it 's just the phrasing of first 2 sentences what made it weird from mathematical standpoint . 
  implication that infinity is not a real number would not really matter in defining whether it can be multiplied by 0 . 
  if you believe in string theory , everything is noodles !, 
  praise flying spaghetti monster !, 
  ads let you see all the cool stuff you ca n't afford . 
  that extension , kinda crowdsources the titles on articles in popular newspapers , turns click bait into something more reasonable , so without extension you have to read and be disappointed by stupid articles . 
  well he is addicted to substance called short term profits , that is pretty common in market . 
  you would need a very big plug for such a big asshole of a human being .
