  nope , you are hallucinating . 
  depends on the girls dude . 
  tiny giraffe not duck sized horses ? 
  the chick wearing red cap is pretty nice too . 
  challenge accepted !, 
  that 's what makes it challenging !, 
  but i have seen interstellar . 
  that 's how super villains are born , what if some random bloke got bit by radioactive concrete block ? 
  you just do n't know how to eat them correctly . 
  so that 's why horse radish tastes so much like the `` wasabi ? '', 
  we have some very strong horse radish growing near grandmas farm . 
  though i never did like it too much . 
  yep i surf / r/todayilearned too . 
  i wa n't to play it because i loved the story of first two witchers , the game is just a bit too pricey for me atm , i should get it because i could use a lucky day ,, 
  do n't forget that he is distracted with trying to trick her with that `` riddle '' . 
  that 's just plain stupid combination of things . 
  especially an open world game based on an actual city , so many things they need to plan and design to be as accurate as they can . 
  or maybe they just do n't like you because of who you are and not how you look ? 
  nah you do n't understand their genius idea . 
  they will switch actors back and everyone will be happy and the channel will need to pay the old actor less money . 
  there so much stupid plot holes in the show that it 's so cringey . 
  well at least you do n't get turned into zombie vampire . 
  that 's all according to feng shui . 
  will you have a chemo round or going for an alternative route ? 
  glass shards will shred inside of your mouth helping you to savoir the taste . 
  that 's how russians get drunk when they are out of alcohol . 
  well at least you will have a very unique fuck . 
  burn notice, 
  even on cs : go i have not seen this word ( only the full version obviously ) . 
  russian gps , not sure how it helps with tank healing though . 
  and we lock them up ... 
  do n't you yourself look like naked mole rat when you are without your suit ? 
  yep i also wonder how to do it . 
  wait . . 
  the onion has been around for 16 years ? 
  comeon reddit grandma , let kids have fun . 
  well they made the decision very easy . 
  do n't ruin his dreams . 
  i think they use the old meaning of the word gay ? 
  nah , that 's just russian trick , they are actually using 99 year old submarines , and when we find them we think they are just some old relic . 
  shame !, 
  i would hold off for some time , with all the privacy issues it presents it might as well be better to stick with 7 while its supported . 
  there might not be as much outrage if they only stopped patching it since most of the patches screw the mods up and probably causes troubles for a lot of adventure maps too . 
  yea i was surprised at that , when i was selling my goldwyrms i got about 1ex and 120c ( + ) worth of currency and realized that it might be less than 3.5 ex at those prices . 
  ( still happy to get a buyer since i 'm not used to trading ), 
  not a person i would expect to review a doll , got ta love the confusion on his face when he read where the flamethrower is . 
  how does it taste ? 
  so you were the reason why servers went down !, 
  welp , i guess i have something to learn over the last month of summer . 
  and then impress my university coursemates with my mad cube skills . 
  old royal people are just tired of all the shit . 
  i guess it takes time for the right pair of people to come by to be worthy of them ? 
  most of the time people delete their comment before it gets to negative triple digits . 
  so both you and your cat mutually understand that he does not care about you ? 
  it supposed to be a good haiku . 
  not as good as you think . 
  1 guy 1 beer . 
  guy seem to put so much work in his movies that this is in no way surprising . 
  lets hope new mi is good . 
  if only they would spent that money somewhere useful and not into blood diamond encrusted bottles . 
  i can kinda understand the price when something has been kept for 100 years ( though my knowledge about what that does to alcohol is slim ) . 
  what does this have to do with how much money he has ? 
  tesla still has investors and the company has to make profit . 
  thousand off might mean a lot if it will not generate enough sales to substitute it . 
  the risk is too steep , better use napalm on the grass just in case . 
  except that tigers are great swimmers , which might make this gif a bit sad . 
  if he reacts to water like that he might have been in cage for most of his life . 
  it would be funny if someone managed to get payed by russianbot factory for posting sarcastic messages . 
  the cheaper part depends on where you live . 
  hell yea , ms is terrible for people who upgrades their pc often or has multiple stations . 
  how in the fucking hell this seemed like a good idea ? 
  like i was a child and done stupid stuff , but this is beyond stupidity . 
  if only my tank was bigger , i would have gotten this to be my frogs buddy . 
  but i heard they get pretty big . 
  interesting , i seen the albino ones in quite a few pet shops , maybe different genus ? 
  it costs 40 euros more where i live , though asus does have better contrast ( and maybe colors ? 
  if only dx12 would be on win7/8 .1 . 
  things like this makes me realize that i should stop buying my games on steam and go to other sites with better support . 
  like what the actual fuck , if some random asshole hacks my account and i do n't know a cd-key from winning giveaway 2 years ago i will be locked up from my games on which i spent several hundred euros ? 
  this not only is bad support but sounds pretty illegal . 
  it 's not retarded in any way , it is a system design to punish premades who just kick the 5th person because he was just not good or even without a reason ( used to happen a lot ) . 
  you need to kick a lot of times in short amount of time . 
  he can like that game and have strong feelings against valve way of dealing with steam . 
  sure he is a bit too aggressive but steam caused quite a few people a lot of trouble so it gets on peoples nerves . 
  you must have a good life if that is such a bad luck for you . 
  do n't do it scar !, 
  rule 1 : be funny as mr.bean, 
  rule 2 : get bitches ? 
  i do n't click yes because most of the time there is no good reason to kick someone . 
  well yeah ... that 's what milli - means ( 10 ^ -3 ) . . like in milliliter . 
  how do you go about not knowing this ? 
  it 's not like corporations do not have control over governmental decisions in a lot of places already , tpp would just make it cheaper for them . 
  except that in us you dont have 5 times difference in minimal wage and ppp . 
  locking your account worth hundreds of euros just because you cant remember 10 year old cd-key while being able to fully confirm your identity with countless other ways should be also illegal . 
  but do n't you learn that in school when you study chemistry/physics ? 
  is that an alternative way of saying that he is no longer alive ? 
  soon at your local airport security check !, 
  looks pretty tasty . 
  all of you are wrong , everyone knows et built the pyramids . 
  i do n't even know wtf is going on in that show now .
