  no need to escalate with people like that . 
  people get offended by weirdest things . 
  nissan to you too . 
  but vandalism at halloween is pretty much only american thing . 
  i mean , coups are definitely a quality of a stable country . 
  well it can be as healthy as you make it . 
  pizza and beer obviously . 
  armchair war 2014 , never forget . 
  why would he lift his leg . . 
  10min cooldown ? 
  is n't the minimum 30 ? 
  i ca n't comprehend how a company like samsung can fuck up on this scale . 
  heck i got them before even leaving the house . 
  sorry , i was living with your parents . 
  ca n't really come back up from being drowned in mariana trench . 
  do they always do it ? 
  so after getting bored of stellaris i started recently playing euiv , any expansions out of these adds a lot to the game ? 
  the problem that these short explanations include the things which were added to the game as a patch and not what buying the dlc will give you . 
  is the collection missing any dlcs ? 
  any other good dlc ? 
  for example if you like colonising things ? 
  yea , thinking about spelling ~ 20 euros on dlcs so will get common sense , art of war and maybe eldorado + conquest of paradise because i am interested in exploring and colonising . 
  perfect place to make a survival shelter . 
  as far as i see that pack has mostly unit skins , it is better to spend 24 $ on the particular dlcs like art of war and etc which were mentioned in several comments here . 
  i used this guide https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/56nbb8/eu4_dlc_guide/ since i only got them today its probably more useful . 
  yes . 
  yep , the confidence intervals on forecasts are insanely big in situations like this . 
  but this fact by itself has negative pressure on it . 
  companies do not like unpredictable situations . 
  yeah , i 'll stick with high end computers and gaming , its cheaper . 
  yea tunisia out of all people offered me loan when i was being owned by enemies as castile . 
  probably did it as a joke bastards . 
  and i was having fun , starting to colonise when aragorn invaded with help of england ( obviously france declined to help , great ally ) . 
  totally crushed all my armies and now morocco declared war after i signed peace . 
  this game is unforgiving . 
  i wonder how much coal mining adds to this . 
  wait , maybe this is why my csgo has 70fps until i alt tab once and then it goes up . 
  those drill happens every couple of days , drafts are also not a new thing for them . 
  do n't go shouting wolf when it is just regular sheep . 
  so there is a chance ? 
  its the same fucking thing every time , most of people have no idea the drills are happening and only small portion of those millions are participating . 
  you are not the only one who has family there . 
  so to combat nato expansion they occupied part of their neighbor which would obviously lead to other neighbors joining nato which would allow putin to scream that nato is expanding aggressively . 
  do you not see how clearly putin is choosing his actions to create backlash from the west so that he could push his `` west is bullying russia '' propaganda ? 
  i benchmark should wait for we think . 
  there is a lot of people playing it . 
  heck i have 2k + hours in this unplayable mess and still have a lot of great matches . 
  you should not let the couple of bad apples ruin the whole pie . 
  are they going for high score ? 
  turkey is not too far behind . 
  as a future emperor of earth . 
  thanks . 
  greece probably scores higher . 
  not according to his [ list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_coups_d%27%c3%a9tat_and_coup_attempts_by_country ) . 
  unless the car has wooden stakes , they 'll be fine . 
  i saw that it said something about 3 mil points ( it was a puny south american region with 1k natives ) . 
  also should i spend my points on improving the regions ? 
  i play as a castile so pu was granted to me as event . 
  trying to suck up to denmark since they took over whole norway and is going to be good ally . 
  but doubt i will get close to getting into pu with them . 
  what about a patent ? 
  did you now know that doors are not designed to be opened ? 
  it is definitely laws which are allowing it for them and which are the problem . 
  nestle only cares about profit which is the point of business . 
  you sure do know how to blow people of their feet . 
  and my axe . 
  perfect to drink morning lambs blood . 
  nah , she is obviously a neo-nazi . 
  well you are on internet , so it is as close to your wish as you can get . 
  but he himself is probably millennial . 
  do millennials complain about millennials ? 
  weird to see spain being unchanged from how it looked at the start . 
  portugal spreads out in a lot of islands and other continents . 
  maybe spain did not bother to spread their forces so thin . 
  yeah , car autopilot needs to be quite a bit more complex . 
  how did someone managed to put that stick so deep into you ? 
  from copenhagen probably almost anywhere would be cheaper . 
  pretty sure you can save comments by clicking `` save '' button under it . . 
  currently playing my first game with castile , so all i can say is that aragon is such a pushover . 
  also fuck portugal . 
  the thing is , you live in one of the most expensive cities in eu so you should have an income to supplement that . 
  generally above 50 % ( that is still high if you ask / r/personalfinance ) towards rent means that you should probably move if you also want to save for retirement . 
  are there particular reasons you are stuck there ? 
  or in this case , they might grow up in a wheelchair . 
  in my game morocco got eaten by portugal and tunisia quite early . 
  i can create one with only my personality . 
  these people need to get on my level . 
  i was waiting till i see ming fucking over asia but when my ships finally sailed to east asia all there was a big blob of korea with no mings in sight . 
  so i should have as much infantry in a stack as my combat width ? 
  ( 30 currently ) . 
  though i 'm spain if it matters . 
  that was my first thought . 
  bunch of shows like this are faked like hell . 
  hard to patch the problem between chair and keyboard . 
  i fucked up a bit . . 
  was at war with african country and took it over completely ( took about 20 provinces in one go . . ) . 
  lets just say i had `` a bit '' of rebel problems , got a war announcement from france ( did i mention that i failed to claim throne from them which made them not very happy ) . 
  so they came with their doom stack and started claiming my provinces , could not defend against them even though my stack was pretty much equivalent . 
  austria did not help me too much so i decided to agree to piece ( they liberated the portugal part of iberia and took one island , so could have ended worse ) . 
  so now i sit with a lot of negative income and 11k in debt , like a modern spain .
