  i cant really remember enough to recommend/not recommend . 
  out of these - pulp fiction ( though schindlers is very close ), 
  ok my best friend is me , i know him for my entire life and the funny thing is all my deaths on path of exile hardcore league as they all came from my stupidity not lack of skill . 
  as for why i want blacklist is the fact that i want to try splinter cell universe but im not that into stealth and blacklist gives more space for not so stealthy gameplay . 
  you mean you can send pics of girls who you cant beat of you ? 
  are you a mormon ? 
  also a nuclear containment vessel . 
  you know , electricity is not cheap these days , might as well make my own power , heard there is cheap uranium in iran . 
  first of all , wrong subreddit , second of all adorable = / = sexy , so make up your mind which one you want.and overall grammatical structure of the sentence is terrible , is it done with google translator ? 
  now i 'm afraid to immigrate to the us , they treat people who writes numbers differently very badly . 
  damn numerphobes . 
  ( i 'm mathematician/econometrist so this is very important factor ), 
  add boobs somewhere and you win at reddit . 
  wrap around leg and pretend it is broken . 
  was it some kind of accident or did he do it intentionally ? 
  someone should get him psychological help if so . 
  just smudged it against his face, 
  so you mean that all the delivery trucks have free stuff ? 
  story of my life . 
  as someone who has been here for some time , not what i expected to find here . 
  its a timey wimey wibly wobly kind of stuff . 
  yea it got better after some time , im just too inpatient when im tired . 
  the best breed of dogs for me are golden retrievers , because they are pure goodness and happiness.whenever im around one they always seem to try to play and make you happy/lift your mood and thats probably a best feature for a best mans friend . 
  also happiness and uplifting companion would probably increase your lifespan by a bit according to some researches ( old ones so dont have links present . 
  retrievers are also very smart dogs and usually used as guide dogs which i think is cool . 
  second best would probably be huskies because they look majestic as fuck . 
  the coolest present would probably be the monopoly because i enjoyed the shit of playing it and it probably inspired me a bit . 
  its probably when shops start to bring decorations . 
  i would like orcs must die 2, 
  and you think india/china doesnt have a big asian immigration ? 
  america does n't too, 
  my frustrating moment was when my dead space 3 save file got corrupt somehow , resolved it by not playing anymore , wasnt my copy of the game anyway . 
  ohh it ended so fast , did n't get a chance : / though thanks for creating a giveaway . 
  i bet i can use csi software and enhance that to get a key !, 
  its cheaper for euro countries . 
  i think i joined reddit after going to check it out after random funny pic and just registered . 
  as for riddle , if i remember it correctly it goes like this : he was born in front of his father ( therefore before ) , his mother died during labor ( therefore he `` killed '' her ) , and he was a pastor and married his sister ? 
  well thats a pretty bad quiz but w/e . 
  i 'm 22 and got 25 . 
  dont know about sydney but here in eu countries where they also had to switch off the analogue people use digital ( or cable ofc ) , but who watches tv these days anyway . 
  i was wondering why its so expensive in euros at steam . . you can easily get cheaper on the site and give the devs more money . 
  well wasnt there a law which forced eu countries to switch ? 
  and yea that was a joke , my grandma uses tv and i understand that many people does . 
  that i didint expect , so old radios or simple hand made radios wount work ? 
  not as bad as ice planets with no trees and blood spiting bats . 
  eye , captain . 
  you damn plant people ... 
  i think its not a feature yet . 
  i successfully died there . 
  is the way gravel/sand and ores work together will stay ? 
  isnt steel = iron + coal ? 
  you probably placed npc spawn item . 
  might take some time, 
  you should see it on your inventory/character screen . 
  try doubletapping left or right and see if you dash . 
  probably would be helpfull , now if i die after exploring far i just skip to other planet , which might be the reason why there is no map . 
  get dash tech and you can dodge fall damage . 
  i agree , for me its completely different experience from terraria . . 
  yes you can do some comparisons , but mod ? ... 
  are there npc quests in home planets yet ? 
  or is this for future ? 
  yep had one in my ship until i accidentally killed him . 
  well i 1shot him so no way to heal :d, 
  it should n't . 
  is it tier1 planet ? 
  i too want to find my people . 
  also love the `` they said they would come back for us '' camps . 
  it would be pretty interesting but unbalanced , even if it cost tens of thousands pixels . 
  might have misquoted a bit , but the idea is the same , they were left behind by the crew . 
  ive just finished steel armor set , whats the next step ? 
  is that enough to explore tier 2 ? 
  an us fish people need diving dance, 
  same happened for me with bone chest . 
  there will be a pet system, 
  btw sorry for steam link but it was more convenient as my game is on different pc than i surf reddit with . 
  he killed me , he seems to be diseased or something . 
  just went on to continue my quest to kill all florans in universe, 
  they should add shield descriptions , too many people get confused and keeps asking it . 
  yea they are quite common at end of apex jumping puzzles . 
  doesnt it get unlocked when you craft starmap/use it ? 
  we already see mods for making ships bigger , some other tweaks . 
  dont think so , unless the npc quest system is in the game ? 
  i dont get it ? 
  sure , during day it does n't matter , but nights should be cold in desert ( not sure why they did n't do them like that ), 
  will do , if i remember after i get back at end of the weekend . 
  i think they said something about gravity being a thing later on . 
  this game is in very early beta so it has just basic shell . 
  i looks just like an ordinary elastic bandage for me . 
  yep , pretty much hard to make an adequate testing when there will be so much changes . 
  so get job and help your parents ? 
  well it would be hard for indie as it costs to host everything probably . 
  especially when the suggestions goes too much and they want devs to make game different from what its intended to be like . 
  depends on how modder protects his code.but technically yes they have to ask legally , but thats just about using the code , dont know about using the idea the mode is based on by re-coding it themselves . 
  especially good when visiting plant people with fish people ( god damne names are too hard to remember ), 
  well its probably tomorrow/day after , though they could consider that people are waiting and push the part which is causing the need for wipe earlyer . 
  but i think its the part which is taking the longest to balance . 
  they are changing a lot of thing which changes how character power/defence is calculated so they delete the char instead of wasting time on converting algorithm , and uses the time for better things . 
  every1 was warned about the fact that characters/worlds will be wiped few times in this stage of beta . 
  florans are assholes , thats for sure a con . 
  the main focus of game is exploration , forcing up a bigger cost would just make it grind based which isnt that good . .
