  i thought we allowed paintings and pictures of our prophet ? 
  mr.fantastic is now asian , human torch is still black , invisible woman is now a gay male and the thing is a dog . 
  this should do it . 
  lets go sell the idea to fox . 
  hmm , says that it can not find that name . 
  hmm , i guess she can be silver surfer , but instead of weird creature , she is just naked chick , and likes water . 
  shia labeouf as doctor doom , the cannibal . 
  i 'm pretty sure that site means that you have to climb to the top . 
  i wonder how it measures games like total war , civilization , eu , poe . 
  completion of these games are quite odd topic . 
  outch , that hurt even thinking about . 
  soviet american republic society - sars, 
  i think its more like the game already was in closed beta , at least it had most of the features you usually see in closed beta . 
  never ? 
  what if i want cancer ? 
  yea , i would not like to see people posting my piles of duct tape + rope + chloroform . 
  well , i bet that is one of the most stressful jobs , where you have responsibility for country like usa . 
  pretty much whole world judges you . 
  ~ ~ meth ~ ~ usa presidency , not even once . 
  its not deadpool talking to himself , its one deadpool talking to another deadpool . 
  like really ? 
  that 's a sub ? 
  the probability of your team having a rager is smaller than enemy team having one . 
  i think its one of those pokemon things . 
  definition of a lot of reddit jokes . 
  yea , they even delivered it directly to japanese people . 
  you mean prayer three ? 
  it took me far too long to get what whistle is representing . . 
  almost to the hand washing . 
  i think that most people would not mind robert downey jr. haunting them . 
  i do n't get these type of haircuts . . 
  but damn . . that looks like impressive work . 
  `` no evidence of climate warming up . 
  so climate change is a myth . '', 
  those lightsabers will force all the shit out . 
  do n't worry , they are wearing white coats , they must be scientists !, 
  yes , but bigger cost does not necessary mean lower profits . 
  they just knew that it would generate bigger income if they had more capabilities with game system . 
  yea i was very disappointed with beyond earth , so i 'm skeptical about this one . 
  seems like you know more about how to make profits than blizzard , so that 's fine . 
  but let them use strategies which probably several competent people created . 
  and how is anything overpriced ? 
  most of things you can get faster when working several hours and getting money for purchase than grinding it out in game . 
  the only time i only see surrender being ok is when there is a leaver . 
  great games after several years after releases and with all the dlc . 
  are you making fun of persons name ? 
  no , bruce wayne is the moon , he just tricked you into that bs you are spewing . 
  and ? 
  thats what i do n't get , why not allow people to bring at least 1 friend over , its a team oriented game . 
  reddit is full of these filthy sewer dwellers . . 
  they do things like cleaning and other things they used to do in 1800 . 
  that must be hard , government will now pay annual payment of 1 000 000 to help you with your struggles . 
  2 black eyes , seems like someone already did the job . 
  you have to upvote me twice now !, 
  i 've already gotten gold for a comment which had only 8 upvotes , it has still 8 till this day . 
  ca n't top that anymore . 
  reddit detectives strike again !, 
  that guy seems like some kind of super villain , quick check if he has pressure cooker . 
  i think he is the know villain called unidan , just uses fake name to trick people . 
  he is known to make up aliases . 
  you must be able to get meat hot quickly . 
  looks like lizard alien . . 
  and that mans name ? 
  do n't tell me , let me guess ... 
  does it start with a ? 
  those who used to get ( and still gets ) paid for testing games do way different job than most beta testers in these public beta tests . 
  nah , his name is le ther seatbelt, 
  well zombies are green-ish so it will make sense now !, 
  op is not only bundle of sticks but also a hypocrite , lets all bring out the pitchforks !, 
  is op a vampire ? 
  warcraft 4 , not sure how that would work with wow universe being a thing , but warcraft were such fun games . 
  i live in a 70 's drama movie , does it still count ? 
  you filthy journalists should start following the facts !, 
  yea because this subreddit users will definitely outnumber readers of pcgamer . 
  mountain dew or coke ? 
  your sponsor ad is very obscure . . 
  if you really have doubts then better just wait and focus on other things . 
  game will be free anyway . 
  `` conspiracy theory '' ohh boy . . 
  yea , should also mention that gamespot keys seem to be for american region : /, 
  its for us region , should mention that i think . 
  they say that , but keys are for us region . 
  lots of people does , if only there were people from us with eu keys so we could trade . 
  i think that its too obvious to add that , then again , a lot of very stupid people are on reddit . 
  coat hanger is assault to any pregnant woman !, 
  how would we arrange that ? 
  i was wondering why screen is floating . . 
  these adds are probably worth more than that car . . 
  whatever weekend they will want to stress test the servers just before launch . 
  you are being an asshole and i get it , but you realize that gamespot did not even mention what region keys are for ? 
  half of this subs europeans have us keys , eu key giveaways end on friday . 
  this , having person being toxic is very discouraging . 
  yes there are , my friend disliked the lack of item/gold mechanics . 
  been couple of posts of people disliking game here from time to time . 
  look at his history , seems like he is a troll or really someone who has dislikable personality . 
  you are not being rude , he just views it as an attack because it contradicts what he thinks . 
  this was my goal to find out , it seems like that this is the reason you created this topic . 
  wait until the game actually gets enough people for matchmaking to work properly , now , unless you want to wait hours or days for match to be composed , you have to deal with this . 
  so what you mean to say is , that the team which has better players win ? 
  that 's preposterous !,
