  better than being a clone . 
  um i guess charizard would me my choice , though its not an very original one . 
  good old prank of gluing the cap and asking someone for help to open it . 
  the thing is if its filtrated properly ( which bottled water should probably be ) it should n't go gross . 
  there are bottles made from better material these days , might cost a bit more , but still . 
  oh so you have to bury them in flower pots like indoor plants ? 
  thats why i love cats , they just do n't give a fuck . 
  instructions were confusing , now i 'm stuck in a flower pot . 
  is it me or is car engine missing ? 
  its also fake , look how other items dont even move . 
  everyone pretty much know that so i dont care anymore , i just put invisible if dont want to be bothered . 
  i dont seem to find the new games on my steam , do i have to do something to claim them ? 
  or you would get burned . 
  i guess she used stealth boy too much . 
  i dont think masturbation is offensive , inappropriate - yes , but not offensive . 
  thats what i give my companions , brightens the day each time i see him . 
  its pretty annoying to see how only now some people realize how damaging putins political work is . . 
  i get impatient and nuke the shit out of everyone . 
  yea i had some trouble for few days after getting it on sale , but then fallout nv saved me from it ... um ... wait ... 
  edited , thanks . 
  just a bad habit . 
  if life does n't give you lemons , just steal them . 
  changed him to cass , tired of his bullshit . 
  whats your lock-picking level ? 
  what is he from ? 
  so first of all , thanks for that great bundle . 
  as for the question , what is your favorite / most memorable game you played which you/your company had nothing to do with ? 
  well civilization is a really good game , so not a disappointing answer :d, 
  it breaks fast , so the `` game '' does n't last . 
  selfishness is not only materialistic but also psychological . 
  everybody is selfish . 
  i also try to tear the cover of battery :d, 
  i guess i learned something even after having terraria since beginning . 
  lets hope this means trailer will be out soon . 
  foreplay ? 
  thats because its easyer to tell what you are doing ... peeing into pool is always bad . 
  i guess there are two kind of people , i find it pretty attractive . 
  this article explains it http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=how-do-scientists-determi , hope its simple enough to understand for you . 
  what cards are you willing to offer ? 
  still playing the main game , trying to stay away from dlc ( i hope im successful ) , so cant wait to try this one out . 
  im more interesting in how much of them value based you are willing to trade, 
  so you are willing to give them all for the coupon ? 
  oh i hoped for the skyrim most , i need those for badge also :d, 
  but you can easily distinguish the taste ? 
  have n't heard about any of the games , can some1 who did tell something about them ? 
  cats cant taste sweetness , so i wonder what makes her enjoy it . 
  bordelands 2 would be great . 
  or if they killed a hallucination :d, 
  or stream of honey ? 
  do n't really remember , i think this could help http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=strange-but-true-cats-cannot-taste-sweets . 
  yea cats are weird and awesome . 
  i guess , but isnt milk bad for adult cats as they cant digest lactose ? 
  great idea, 
  one of more funny clips , especially with the right music . 
  you mean you wouldnt be able to go for skeletron with copper ? 
  thats just a part of their sinister plan to rule the world . 
  exactly , it only works in tokyo and other cities where having pet is pretty complicated because of the rules . 
  do i get the bonuses even if i buy for 1 $ ? 
  i would love if they would add dragon age origins, 
  so just buy $ 1 games , and only play the ones on steam , ea gets no money and you dont need to instal origin . 
  got the dlc for sims 3, 
  meh i think ill give all to devs/humble, 
  yea but i do n't give money just to any charity , only on those which i made good enough reaserch . 
  `` that 's the noise i make when you stab your nails into my face '', 
  did you ask for threesome ? 
  was n't this a trend sometime in distant past , like few months ago ? 
  here in lithuania its pretty diverse , but government is pretty anti-gay but not strict as russia . 
  now im going to sell this idea for billions of euros !, 
  i think its soda . 
  yawns are terrifying !, 
  the moment you buy hummble bundle and dont know what to do with all the games . 
  yea , just need to find the site . 
  whenever i read `` chipped tooth '' instantly feel strange feeling in my chipped teeth . damn brain . 
  ugh still more than my budget , i guess i will wait for steam winter sale . 
  it kinda controls the population by killing the big guys , lets other fishes to grow faster = repopulate the fished ones quicker . 
  well , wount there be a problem at places where they have specific region distributors ? 
  any of these worth getting / have steam cards ? 
  is it trains simulator ? 
  will be hard in those extra big maps to transformer it :d im still wondering if its a good idea to play on that one only by myself . 
  ill start like always , straight to hell with exploring caves on the way . 
  not an efficient but kinda challenging way . 
  well , cows do have horns . 
  hmm , sad that its 5dolars , but might get it if nothing better comes up this week . 
  and sadly it seems that you dont get all the dlc for it . 
  god damn it merry , get your fucking shit together . 
  i wonder if i can run witcher 2 , gforce 9800gtx + , inter core 2 duo 2.66 ghz , 4gb ram ? 
  would be great to have that tutorial . 
  saying sorry after each bullet will be hard . 
  my bad, 
  well maybe in my heart , but not on my passport . 
  not particulary interested in any of those : /, 
  my curiosity got the better of me ... 
  worst part , im was not as disturbed as i probably should have been . 
  frieza the origins ? 
  was going to write something creepy , but meh , she 's too cool . 
  thought on buying but now im scared , whats wrong ? 
  well im probably going to wait for beta to start . 
  dont understand what you are trying to say . 
  ok thanks, 
  or depressed adults ...
