  am i the only one lucky enough not to go there ? 
  ( or is this a cover up story to hide subreddit where revolution is being planned ? ), 
  would be great thing to happen , i wonder if ggg could reply . 
  meh excel can still be usefull in alot of stuff ( if you already have the office ), 
  this book brings back nostalgic memories . 
  can someone translate this ? 
  meh its one of the most used and very easily remembered formula , doubt that any1 would need to go that far for it . 
  twist : op is a dude, 
  i think most of people would do that to save loved ones life . . 
  quickly make gifs out of new asdf and get free karma !, 
  spiders which eat birds are quite common , though this seem to be a bit bigger than usual ... 
  well then go and like for the bro in need of help !, 
  thats the blood of his enemies , i think he really wanted to score . 
  sorry , but reddit would have horse mask on ... 
  and of course a great comedian !, 
  funny , most of things at hospitals are outsourced to india . . 
  what that has to do with being a good server ? 
  ordinary 20 % tip , from rich customers that might be even low . 
  what is this magic trick ? 
  i dont think its photoshoped . 
  instead of this , they could take out the boxing , the referees there are terrible . . 
  better call the nurse !, 
  i think that they have clan function planned in future ? 
  well , i guess you have your future planned out now . . 
  transfer all to cayman islands and run !!!!!!!, 
  captain obvious strikes again !, 
  now same thing with a running chainsaw !, 
  i guess its in country where legal drinking age is higher than 18 ? 
  library is a good quiet place to take a nap between classes !, 
  you do n't mess with cyclops !, 
  too soon ? 
  velociraptor seems to be not interested in her flatmate . . 
  maybe its because gaming memory is connected more to emotions , where the math equations are usually just brood force repetition ? 
  so this build bad for hc ? 
  at the moment im just adding the health nodes which are on the way of the build ( the ones they are skipping ) , as for iron reflexes , this build is for armor , not eva , so there is not much to convert . 
  yea , the prize list needs a bit of work , those items will become very cheap as they are not what a lot of people would want , so they end up being forced to sell it to get something out of it , market will get saturated by them . 
  i was really wondering why not give something as a prize from shop?that would not interfere with ingame economy + if the race point milestones would be large enough , would not impact income from the people who buys those things . 
  when races are short , its about the skill , when races are long , its about who can stay up longer . 
  and there , on city of reddit , there is a high possibility of cats , with a little bit of boobs !, 
  i 'm sure he have n't seen yours either . . 
  any1 know morse code ? 
  this makes me feel old, 
  i wonder is this a big issue for bears ? 
  not class related , but look at difference between hellboar and fleepqc, 
  so you basically trying to get some1 to gift it to you ? 
  those bastards time travelers ... 
  or , they are just being nice ? 
  as you know the rule , 10 cats per room ( i might be giving a bit rough estimate ) . 
  maby they know how to make people immortal ? 
  dont you take deodorant or other spray stuff and make flamethrower ? 
  you spelled boobs wrong i think, 
  rivals to hells angels ? 
  are n't those 2 things similar ? 
  double hoverhand !, 
  the government is going to be sooo mad !, 
  you mean spork , or foon ? 
  yea i have similar problem at university , same thing happens when i talk to people , or try reading . . 
  but i dont really think its add , i might be just bored with everything or smth ... 
  still edible , but not that tasty ? 
  yea i have trouble with that too , especially with names an similar stuff . 
  are you sure you still have your soul ? 
  its hard to notice when its eaten by, 
  basement gingers . 
  that 's what i thought as well , is that him ? 
  aliens !, 
  its just not worth that ammount of money ( the price is alot for some ppl ) if you cant even play when you want . 
  landing track is clear for landing ? 
  it will take a while until proper drm emulators are created . 
  probably the positive effects from sales and negative effects from all the issues are canceling each other , also as you can see the price is supporting seasonal trend , so the effects of the simcity are very low on it . 
  edit : also if i remember correctly the nasdaq ratings are going up this period so that is also affecting it, 
  great game , though i prefer 1404 one . 
  best choice is to wait some time , price is high and issues makes it not worth that much untill fixed . 
  though im broke so im abit biased to wait, 
  thats not them ( scam website ) , but yea that is fake . 
  source ? 
  yea thats why im asking for a source, 
  close to 0 % as they are improving servers and online related issues wo n't make a big impact on the income . 
  is it possible to use paypall ? 
  not a problem , and what should i do if i want this on my old orgin account ( its empty but dont want to use other email ) . 
  which parts do i need to fill out ( as im not from india its complicating smth ? 
  thanx , everything seems to work , this price is affordable for me ( in my country it should be this price according to the incomes , but then they force to use russian version ( no language change ) ) . cant wait to play . 
  the point is , its not cheaper in a lot of low income countries ... their regional pricing is semi-terrible, 
  but probably not indian , heh, 
  if this is true , probably alot more will get banned . 
  not arguing with that , the whole market is doing that , but it should change, 
  the question now is , is there a way to get money back if that happens , though there probably are no chance for that . 
  some buildings take up a lot of place , and there arent that much high-density buildings, 
  go to the dark side , export criminals to neighbors !, 
  you get money from robberies when you got vu tower , but i think it doesnt work properly when they migrate to other towns . 
  ya did same thing , and now my oil pumps got the outup 2times lower than before , is this premanant decrease ? 
  hmm so im a bad human being for liking both bionicles and lego in my childhood ? 
  well at least i 'd be warm there, 
  well knowing how much oil mining takes up space , or a proper wind farm , i think it would still fit, 
  now repeat few thousand times, 
  well we could consider urban farms which are space efficient . 
  mine is intel core 2 duo 2.66 ghz , 4gb ram and gforce 9800gtx + , and it runs ok-ish , with bunch of stuff in bacground and with few options on high i get only few fps drops ( my city is only with 100k pop ) . 
  though im used to low fps playing so ... 
  once you get train stations , air ports its a bit better , and there are few zones which has whole side of road connectable . 
  dont underestimate sim ability to engineer, 
  i guess i found my new desktop background,
