  but did she have a jar of dirt ? 
  thanks obama ... 
  and they hanged her ? 
  i would think that there would be better ways to put her down . 
  ohh if only this would be a rule . . 
  still , living for 120 years is pretty cool , maybe i should stop bathing . 
  im pretty sure they use a bit different paper for money . 
  im pretty sure they use not cellulose ( trees ) based paper but cotton based paper because normal one would not be effective as a banknote . 
  they also add up all sorts of alcohols to it and etc. 
  i cant imagine how is he smelling or how many skin diseases he has . 
  is there things outside of reddit ? 
  i think he must be some kind of religious bluff . 
  wow so many people calling themselves agent smith , you are like tenth one asking me to follow you . 
  you also all look strangely identical , but im not good with faces , so im sorry but i must decline to your offer too . 
  he first have to find the woman to look for the g-spot . 
  thats ~ 14cm for metric system users . 
  oh you know , another revolution . 
  exactly , its pretty dangerous to go out in such tempretures with higher humidity ( or so ive heard ) with open skin . 
  i think that we can find many examples of missing link in our society . 
  yea ive got interested , are they expanding movie universe mandarin ? 
  obvious troll sentence , no one is that stupid to do that . 
  well he seems all right to me . 
  ghost rider got a new vehicle ? 
  i think i can make an econometric estimation that he took about 420 weeds . 
  its interesting way to see tectonic plates . 
  moobs, 
  it seems fake for me , but im not an expert . 
  in no way its a scam , maybe your particular subject or uni is or your goals might not coincide with uni , but this is in no way a scam . . 
  i benefited a lot and learned things i would no way learn elsewhere in my uni . 
  i find this trend strange , its completely non existent in my country or most places i went . 
  but in no way i hate it , people eat what they want , its one of life joys anyway . 
  i find that black people usually are more racist on reddit . . 
  wow thats probably the best cat face ive seen for a long time !, 
  dogs , as all pack animals , bond for survival , and thats why they make such relationship , so you are technically right . 
  much feels, 
  well ... 
  i have no words . 
  i think there was already a post depicting most of placed where this was used , its quite fun to see how many of shows used it , but then again , props a lot of the times are easter eggs . 
  does any1 know the species ? 
  thats the beauty behind wrestling , to make it look like there was an impact and do that relatively safely . 
  but the storylines ruined it for me . . 
  if only he had a sister named andromeda . 
  look at the canadian hellspawn followers . 
  does it have a tail for defense like a fight off mechanism or a separable one for distraction ? 
  i understand that the 5 tails is genetic mishap , im talking normally which of these 2 defensive mechanism he uses his tail for . 
  not classic greek ? 
  thats not a floppy ? 
  damn that looks so similar just decolourized . 
  doesnt matter , most people wount know the difference . 
  it will be more like `` greek / latin same shit '', 
  oh sociopaths you make the world interesting . 
  they care if their goal is profiling . 
  we dont know if op has brains guys !, 
  or samsung , the list goes on :d, 
  exactly , there is no way that would work legally ( though im not really an expert in law especially us ), 
  i dont think they are talking about removal , they are talking about post . 
  the thing is that sociopaths are a bid misrepresented , they are more common than most people would think and only a small fraction actually goes on a killing spree . 
  but a lot people thinks that sociopaths = serial killers . 
  yea i mixed it up , does n't change the fact that i dont know about it . 
  yea sorry , were not implying you did . 
  and they are still considered the racist ones . 
  countless of games played , muscle and photographic memory , knowing sounds and etc. 
  with enough time it should be possible , though pretty impressive . 
  because thats a very common thing among depressed people so its not odd that more than one people posts it . 
  and how is it science with only one bag ? 
  im math and statistics student ( econometrics ) at uni and still dont see any science here . 
  i see , so thats just a random drunk idea . 
  i hope its more than just calculating means , medians and sd . 
  well still , what is the plan , what statistical methods are you going to use , how many data are you planning to collect and etc. 
  you must have a research plan for it to be adequate in a slight way at least.this is no way a real science project as the test object has a massive population and your plan doesnt seem to take a big sample size of it for it to give reasonable results . 
  disregarding all that its a fun thing to do but wount produce any results if done on such small scale . 
  they all must have had like 10hp left and no helmets , then arranged in a line ... ugh thats pretty impressive luck, 
  so they provided the paper to use for flipping it back over , not that bad of a kids . 
  that wasnt awp , scout usually takes few shots to kill , and to kill 3 people it needs them to be very low hp . 
  it does 300 dmg you are right . 
  but i think the bullet loses more than that dmg when passing through to get next target . 
  this is cs : go gif so its ssg , which many people still call scout . 
  they did show up . 
  um how do you get steam to look like that ? 
  well you do want to use the opportunity and see how world looks in 3d . . 
  well it all depends on when you go to sleep , if you constantly sleep for < 5hrs it starts to get hard . 
  im 97.314159 % sure he is trolling, 
  thanks, 
  if you consider pale shrek cousin a female . 
  whats the reasoning behind that ? 
  as long as they are taken cared of and loved , name does n't mean shit to them . 
  what nightmare ? 
  you got it just at the right spot . 
  i think that a lot of people dont care about them earning profits , its more about those profits influencing politics and law system to a point where ordinary people has too small of a voice in society . 
  std, 
  its reddit , what the hell did you expect ? 
  so they are just rising you for replaceables . 
  i love you too cat . 
  as some1 who isnt a fan of ms design i prefer ops one a bit more, 
  so op wants to see craig naked , though he might have cool tattoos . 
  if you leave a banknote on a table next to a window and the window is facing east or smth so that sun has enough time , it will blur . 
  im also not , but i think bill and banknote is a synonym . 
  i thought that most window glass cant blocks uvas and lower ( uv ) . 
  whats the source of your claim ? 
  `` all that '' , thats a very short comment .
