  nah i 'm of the master race so thanks , did n't know how profiles work on mo. 
  god damn armors made out of neutron star matter . . 
  ah , but can i get full experience of being a vampire without joining their side ? 
  or do i lose any perks ? 
  well as im doing a bit evil sided playthrough i would definitely sell . 
  same question for pc if there is any difference . 
  nah , im staying away from mods which add content . 
  usually with drm , cracked versions become superior than the original product . 
  im happy , had a good weekend , worked hard , ate meat made on fire and drank wine , weekend done well . 
  exactly , i like the sort of less hardcore punk and a lot of other things which are considered `` real '' punk just does n't cut it for me . 
  is this the guy who you meet with broken wheel ? 
  it took a lot of effort not to kill him ... 
  yea i also am in similar situation , though im the rare gem who doesnt like dungeons dark , especially when you like to look for secrets . 
  how do i start it ? 
  if i remember i need to find some kid in windhelm , am i correct ? 
  how many times does anyone post same unoriginal crap which you just did ? 
  that 's what meme is , its not a term applied only towards pictures . 
  phew , glad i live in europe , only threat here are russians . 
  yea because cam rips are where the core movie piracy lies . 
  looks like a dance . 
  i wonder , how long did it take for any of them to notice . 
  i guess ill start over then , need to finalize what mods too add if thats the case . 
  do i launch the game after every mod or can i just add all of the ones i got and launch ( mainly i ran through first 5 pages of most endorsed nexus mods and added what i wanted ) ? 
  but does n't nexus mod organizer have sort function ? 
  also do i need to pay a lot of attention into mod configs ( mainly adding the ones listed on that / r/skyrim topic , with addition of immersive creatures and few others ) . 
  well i have 70 + mods now , so fresh start is safer for me . 
  im obviously using mo. 
  maybe glasses are there so that it would be hard to see which ones are the puppets from the eyes ( like they cant replicate it correctly ) ? 
  looks like a stark member . 
  i did sort it , i 'm not sure about what version of my skse is , i think its 1.9.32 but there does n't seem to be a file named skse.ini . 
  i 'm running realvision and have enboost . 
  how do i uninstall my old skse ? 
  i used the installer . 
  ok , thanks , ill check if it fixes my game , also i uninstalled the interesting npc mod as i did n't like how it changes the game , hope this does n't break anything . 
  oh i forgot about bash , i had added 30 mods since that bash patch was created . 
  what does it actually do ? 
  especially annoying with mod which adds more patrolling factions . 
  honestly i didint like interesting npcs that much , though i will probably add it again when im done with vannila . 
  is it safe to add xce to a current save or does it break something ? 
  didint you just do that ? 
  also a question about dawnguard , i just happen to see that i was actually turned into vampire after dealing with the dog ( god damn i knew it would end bad when i follow a talking dog ) , can i still join dawnguard ( since i heard they have some good loot ) . 
  its weird but it seemed like with that mod some people still fight the dogs of vampire master . 
  damn , maybe some sunscreen and makeup will fool the dawnguard ? 
  lol, 
  i was thinking about armory , its just that kitchen and library is pointless for me , im better off just having a place to display some loot . 
  oh that billion dollars smile . 
  well religious establishments do that already for immoral reasons . 
  so bizzaro flash should n't be able to move ? 
  yea i know about companions , but i do n't want to be filthy dog . 
  well i hope im not too late . 
  well i just got the homestead and was building full house so i did a lot of fast traveling for supploes ( im ashamed for fast traveling but i wanted all built ) so idk how much time passed , but i think im not full vamp yet . 
  op should be aware that pot leads to skooma . 
  is there any reason to rush thieves guild or i can do it whenever ? 
  yea i was too late , sun burns , veins of people looks so tempting . 
  im not sure what you are asking since your writing is so chaotic , but there are mods which rework follower system and a lot of them lets you have several of them . 
  where even scripted screens kill people . 
  hey , at least we get to see stupid americans getting hurt from time to time today . 
  sit down and smash them with a rock . 
  also isnt he werewolf ? 
  true warriors join stormcloaks , fuck the emperor !, 
  read the books , they are also awesome and i expected less from them . 
  so that 's what that song about trembles was about , god damn chihuahuas . 
  so i guess you cockblocked your dad ? 
  every movie has terrible plots , basically is the same movie just made a little different ( like call of duty each year ) and i still want to go see the 4th . 
  yep bone spines break very easily , but he could play with the help of some duct tame from his engineer . 
  there are tons of decisions made so that people would not use fast traveling , you miss quite a few quests and interesting locations like that . 
  thats for level 2 nirvana . 
  nah jaden is always confused , not sad . 
  that does n't end well . 
  well eyes are already not real . 
  did n't know all words must be capitalized . 
  only came here to see how well this comment did . . 
  / r/skyrimmods i think the sub you want , sounds interesting ( though necro is dark art so its natural they are aggressive ) . 
  meh , i have immortal talking dog following me ( i keep getting distracting and not finishing the mask quest . . ) . 
  careful , nsa always watches . 
  how will all of those people get a bite of potato salad ? 
  i had a bit opposite trouble , cant find measuring cups . . glass will do . 
  i 'm not even mad this gets reposted so much , this guy is legend . 
  meh , there will be plenty of chances to talk with her , but how many more times in your live will you get a chance to use that line ? 
  ah , so op created this post solely with the purpose of showing his gf off to the white knights of reddit !, 
  ffs . . cant stop laughing at `` pig with swords '' ... 
  damn this mod sounds awesome , sad that im quite far into my playthrough to start over . . 
  is this 2010 again ? 
  im pretty sure this is centuries old fetish . . 
  you can her what ?? 
  i hope the plate has no other uses , tossed it out somewhere . . 
  need to incorporate some 1337 speech !, 
  axes , they dropped axes . . 
  also its chinese blunt-axe so it has 0 ~ 1 dps and aggro everyone . . 
  how many toes are still there after this encounter op ? 
  i do n't get these comments ... why judge her , its a nice picture with good timing and all you trolls can do is judge op ? . . 
  props to whoever took the picture . 
  2 mins of hard work ruined . . god damn it cat !, 
  does n't everyone do that ? 
  hate when some old woman thinks she entitled to not follow the rule because of her age and goes with 16 items in 7 items lane . . 
  what if it starts spinning by itself after the first step ? 
  there seem to be some kind of water installation covered with the blue plastic , maybe it had/will have fishes and filter is for that ? 
  a lot of american pictures works for safety ads . . 
  im not sure , but you are an astronaut so you have better understanding of valves . 
  i do n't know . .
