  yea mod support can mean a lot of things . 
  there are still not a lot of info about if policies will be moddable and other things like that . 
  imagine if she was one of the replies in this chain . 
  ca n't we count dam floods as disaster ? 
  do n't judge thomas for his life choices !, 
  this post . . 
  the question is if ea would allow these to be uploaded and distributed . 
  they are just horsing around , not fucking . 
  on reddit ? 
  front page can happen . 
  that has to be uncomfortable to hold , but then again , i understand little about assault riffles . 
  damn , you left too much space for repost . 
  someone will write `` i laughed as their pieces decomposed '' . 
  yep , eli5 has a lot of things which i wonder about before falling asleep or on a bus and which i never bother to look up . 
  i guess bus stops are for low density and metro is for higher ? 
  thats why i say the lines are formed , it would seems that logically thinking buses are less efficient for high density zones , and metros are the way to go . 
  same way as metro would seem to be waste of money in low density . 
  though not sure if game logic works like that . 
  this makes 0 sense , but making sensible purchases does not matter when you grow money on trees . 
  i am thinking about collecting all these things which never happened and write a book , which will never happen . 
  that 's because it represents a bit more than just number . 
  but what would be a point of that ? 
  but as you said , it 's just a game after all , so it represents game world and its units . 
  as someone who is not informed about unity engine , what 's the big difference between those 2 versions ? 
  iirc sc2013 had similar strategy with giving youtubers and streamers game early , and a lot of people ( including me ) still bought it . 
  let 's hope it gets a bit harder , otherwise only hard mode will be longterm option . 
  that 's a bit frustrating , but i guess from business perspective makes sense . 
  probably not too hard if you have been waiting for several months . 
  luckily i have 16euros on steam from selling csgo stuff . 
  ugh that seems to be close call , also where are you getting 35 $ ? 
  pretty sure you can get cheaper on gmg . 
  what are your pc specs and how is the performance on that pop ? 
  the reviews are almost always written/filmed ahead of time . 
  so your point does not really stand . 
  small bugs are easy to ignore when reviewing . 
  thats one of my plans , getting 1 district with no cars . 
  well where i live , 970 would be minimal wage ( actually more than minimal wage ) . 
  i 'm happy with my i5-4570 and 280x, 
  well there is place for religion dlc , doubt that it would happens since it is tough dlc to fit into game and to sell . 
  well thats would not be a surprise , question is , how big this dlc would be . 
  and some of us still have to . 
  i thought they said they are considering day/night cycle sometime later . 
  whether that will happen and if that will be a dlc is a question . 
  i guess someone just mixed up the dates . 
  meh , they will live short but clean lives . 
  i thought vodka was considered soft drink in russia ? 
  oh you gave me flashbacks . 
  for whatever reason there was a high grade alcohol inside a sprite bottle at my grandparents farm . 
  as a kid ( probably less than 10 years old ) i grabbed that bottle thinking it was sprite . . did not end well , and i hate sprite now . 
  it is also a fact that it 's not 10th of march for everyone . 
  no matter how many times this will be posted , people will still keep asking . 
  you should probably get that mole checked . . 
  2015 of triassic period of course . . 
  soft drinks has nothing to do with carbonation . . 
  i do n't know man . . i prefer big mac . 
  so you want to buy the game before release without preordering it ? 
  your post is confusing . 
  sure you can , preorder bonuses will be dlc , and they are like less than 1 % of the game . 
  this , score is subjective , and reviews cover the subjective points and explain them , if you read them and if , for you , the points which were bad for reviewer , are ok , then there is nothing wrong with it and review is still good . 
  i kinda enjoyed xl , what 's wrong with new one ? 
  well xl itself had major framerate issues . 
  but daleks !, 
  wait , does this mean you can name them ? 
  sums up reddit opinion on him perfectly . 
  i somehow do n't really use highways that much , my first square has only big road connections to it . 
  though after working with heavy traffic ban i do n't really see any big downsides . 
  is it bad to use 6 line roads for exists ? 
  `` tonight on history channel , is tinfoil coating government conspiracy to secretly keep people safe ? '', 
  so whats the best place to use the 6line ones , i usually use them around high density district and then middle of it . 
  and use grid if its big district . 
  strip clubs and enabling red-light districts also would be cool . 
  for a sec i thought this was on / r/funny , what was even the point of this , idk , `` experiment '' ? 
  almost could have been created to be posted here . 
  tbh , shit like this is not new to current generation . 
  blue everyone or you will never see your id again . 
  would n't deleting that small bit be better , would not create 4-way . 
  for a second i thought '' but eggs are pretty dirty , why have dirt in the soup '' and realized that some countries wash them heavily before selling . 
  the only thing i grid up is the industry zones , kinda feel like that 's apropriate for them . 
  even skynet is trying to get rid of that damn bastard . 
  first !, 
  from the moment you open this gif its pretty obvious whats about to happen . . 
  who needs brain when we have internet to tell us everything . 
  i know few people who does , football is most popular sport in the world after all . . 
  they kinda do . . sports games are pretty popular . 
  sure they might be more popular on consoles since most of them are good as couch games , where management game works great for pc gamers . 
  well , lets hope bing finds a way to know when you will want to masturbate before you even have the thought . 
  those 2 are entirely different , in one you go to fuck someone ( well depends on preferance i guess ) , in another you get told to fuck off . 
  adding le in front of words makes subreddit names very confusing ... 
  what if one person is dressed up as a dog ? 
  we all know russians originate from atlantis , just from very very old times , when oceans were made out of vodka . 
  leaving up to moders might even be a best solution , crowd of dedicated people will create bigger variety than some paid artist . 
  yea , traffic is terrible in my city , i also might have set up too many bus routes . 
  well i do n't think they banned horsing around yet . . 
  rip in pieces . 
  your friend will be missed . 
  this is one of the reasons i am happy i was not born in usa , i had a chance to get free education . 
  their parents are geniuses . 
  well , i guess there will never be a more fitting place for this joke . . 
  bro job , bro job !, 
  well this was posted couple of times over the years already .
