  steroids are for fleshy weak humans . 
  maybe friedman is also his own employee and that makes it 100 ? 
  isis terrorist ? 
  cricket mixed with rugby , well that sounds like an entertaining sport , though there might be a bit too many injuries . 
  match is probably over by now , though next game lewis might have a mortal enemy . 
  i think i met my father while playing cs : go . 
  well he would n't be my father if he did n't . 
  lets hope some modder can make use of them somehow . 
  the only way you can see more than 30fps is if you are shown 60 fps gaming from the time you are baby until adulthood , otherwise peoples brain ca n't handle all the frames and they die from epilepsy . 
  ugh this reminded me of that football player who died while celebrating a goal and doing vaults . 
  do n't laugh at peasants , this is a real struggle . 
  `` you have a quadruplet , but wait , there 's more ! '', 
  i am in a hurry so i hope this is the correct video . 
  that is his fetish . . duh, 
  getting the -30 % negative health virtue makes health pretty much unimportant . 
  do n't forget -30 % negative health virtue . 
  i 'm glad that whoever are taking these people out are clicking, 
  `` will it bend ? '', 
  sounds line new youtube series . 
  one million points ? 
  in zimbabwean upvotes ? 
  `` who lies for karma . '', 
  this would be interesting , though i do n't think its my actual top comment , i just comment too much and old ones disappeared . 
  there needs to be a youtube series `` will it bend ? 
  good old gaming mags with free cds with demos and free games . 
  boobs , just as good as taser . 
  now connect your usbs . 
  everyday is halloween , just the masks differ . 
  i think he is just trying to figure out the best way to murder people with that knife . 
  just because you have bad sense of humor does n't mean others do also . 
  to someone unaware , the female eats the male . 
  no disease ever stayed in vegas . 
  its more about having a choice than showing it to everyone . 
  they want equal rights . 
  as far as i understood ? 
  and so many people were trying to prevent this that its a bit scary who is in our government . 
  he obviously is just communicating with the spaceship . 
  i guess that 's the only reason someone would buy this car . 
  my worst nightmare , i have phobia of ticks . 
  sand looks a bit weird around those parts . 
  i wonder what was my highest comment , some comments just do n't appear in my history anymore for some reason : /, 
  if i ever become a superhero i will ask you to write me a theme song . 
  normal person would have asked them if he could join . . 
  quick someone , measure the tilt of heads for free karma . 
  at least he ca n't run away from cops . 
  redditor for 1 day , -100 karma , i guess not all novelties work . 
  iron created in more massive stars does n't spread until they die so even if our star was bigger the same implication would stand . 
  pretty much anything is space element since solar system was formed out of dust which came from novas/super novas . 
  its hit or miss , we were also pushing that ukraine will definitely agree to the deal with eu few years ago , but then politics in ukraine changed and shit happened and there is some fault on this crisis in that . 
  it 's parallel universe not bizzaro world . 
  term sounds good enough to be true . 
  it 's yet not well studied i think , seems like few species do that commonly . 
  but still , thats what op is referring to . 
  yea , this was interesting information , and i thought it would be something simpler than that . 
  only if you swallow . 
  how the fuck do most things get gold , pinky ? 
  til there are mouses for smartphones . 
  honestly , as a noob , a lot of the times i prefire in unnecessarily stupid places . 
  yes really , its official plural form when its not about the animal . 
  yea , i should have written , one of plural terms . 
  i once said i will only play civ for 50turns that day , ended up playing for 300 . 
  yea my nokia x6 is too old for me to be full master race like that . 
  this , its sometimes really hard to get better while playing in silver/novas because most people do same mistakes , here you can find info on how to do decent rushes without getting sniped running d2 short and etc. 
  as someone who studies econometrics in uni and started working in statistics field , keep it up mate , its a really interesting science and one of those which is growing in strength . 
  so should i turn it off if i want to improve my gameplay ? 
  ( also is it the one - wait for vertical sync , cause that i have under triple buffered : / ), 
  i love to do some random smoke sprays . 
  oh sorry mate , during meeting boss said you are fired from internet . 
  do n't shoot the messenger man , i 'm also struggling to think new things for jokes department , life is hard on the internet . 
  i 've heard that fox news are looking for people to make bullshit up . 
  would n't smurf get matched with a new player ? 
  this is mostly issue of playerbase not matchmaking . 
  masks just makes the game more fun , they should stay . 
  that 's when the spams about aimhack starts . 
  woosh . . 
  made the choice easier . 
  damn pp-bizon spray into b smoke are the best , though since i am nova i get called cheater if i get more than 2 hs there . 
  the funny part is that if i get to do pp-bizon after pistol win , i always get 2 + kills with it . 
  it 's such a random weapon but it works when no1 can hit anything anyway . 
  i think that cs ranking system needs seasonal resets of some sorts to shake everything into places . 
  it 's totally out of balance right now . 
  honestly i prefer five-seven , it just does feel better for me , and i usually can get longer distance shots with it quite nicely . 
  but i 'm nova1 so i do n't think that my opinion matters to much in cz vs 5-7 . 
  well my family are bunch of drunks , and alcohol never was too much of a taboo . 
  seeing drunk people is what made me dislike being highly intoxicated and drink strong spirits . 
  i do drink beer from time to time , but not enough to be drunk . 
  this reminds me about another film out recently , it also meddled with idea of a female robot and it trying to comprehend what she was . 
  also interaction with her was done in isolation . 
  i guess swamp kings also have a lot of bastards . 
  honestly when i hear how voicechat reacts if there is a female in a game is also what is holding it back . 
  in non 3rd world countries there is . 
  careful , police-drones will shoot your drone and it will cause a shitstorm . 
  so your excuse for not talking about an issue is that there are other similar issues ? 
  that was probably funniest episode this season , i can let out my inner child and laugh at stupid jokes while still listening to social commentary . 
  no . . it was the machine, 
  i 'm holding onto my phoenix cases hoping it will rise in a 6 months after new operation . 
  honestly i liked it , and it does n't seem like rt and imdb valued it nicely . 
  you found a golden ticket , its invitation to gaben chocolate factory . 
  so just like winter sale ? 
  damn , and i though i had got into extremum ( really chrome , you do n't know what this word is ? ),
