  finally there is a reason to start a jedi academy , anyone who wants to join send me $ 1000 . 
  may the force be with you !, 
  it 's obviously the speedforce !, 
  it does n't count as green tea ? 
  sorry i 'm tea-ignorant . 
  depends if it 's european or american . . 
  yea . . 
  i tried using a4 for several months , my performance dropped drastically , especially since i like to hold bigger distances . 
  they only need to take the non-biodegradable stuff , not sure how being biodegradable helps when you are on top of frozen mountain . 
  how is it not tea ? 
  like with other plants you take leaves of mint ( usually peppermint ) plant and drown it in scolding water . . 
  i guess you are right , though they are called herbal teas . 
  this sounds as a hilarious thing to watch . 
  yea that 's why it was so confusing , all what things like that is called tea in my country . 
  i would think that bringing trash back can increase danger of descent and so it 's hard to enforce it ? 
  i would love for there to be an ability to get either without changing load-out . 
  thanks volvo !, 
  i do n't know man , fuck is pretty damn old . 
  it 's not too hard if you calculate with a quarter of day like you usually do when you count days in multiple years . 
  that 's how should everyone born on april 1st be called . 
  what are you even talking about , have you read the article ? 
  well yea , but 0.25 is often used when accuracy is not too important . 
  i like to make my water angry so that the tea tastes a bit more bitter !, 
  i would call it scottish tea , though i 'm not from scotland . 
  damn fuck is old as fuck !, 
  i am impressed that he actually hit it with the bow . . 
  so it 's same like every day on reddit ? 
  sure , $ 50 000 and it is yours . 
  ok , just send the money to me , say its for the prince , my address is nigeria , scam street , the largest building . 
  only russian one and if it can be sent by mail . 
  you mean people used to throw bows at animals before riffle was invented ? 
  because that 's what i meant . . 
  wtf ? 
  op , i would always check if doors are locked and barricaded before sleeping . . 
  that sounds like overly expensive prank , but perfect of charlie sheen . 
  and causing mass panic by definition is terrorism . 
  does p0rn dvds count ? 
  we yesterday had a cheater on our team who kept calling where people are going at beginning of round ( probably a maphack ) , when we called him wh he accidentally said `` it 's not wh its maphack '' and then for whole game he continued to say he is not cheating ... 
  and you make these claims based on what ? 
  minced garlic + baked bread ( maybe grilled , not sure how to called it in english where you cut up bread up and bake it on a pan ) is best snack food , easy to make and relatively cheap . 
  sure it 's not as healthy as salad , but if you are going to eat junk food , this is one of the better ones . 
  because none of the times when russia occupied my country it ended good for my people . 
  not wanting to suffer is a good reason i think ? 
  i 'm also jelly , sent from eastern europe poor unlimited 100mb internet for 12 $ . 
  wtf is power puff girls z , i thought there was only one power puff girls show . . 
  if only i was a kid again . 
  why would it matter ? 
  you can apply the same case to the whole region . 
  at least you do n't have russia living next to you and threatening with nukes . 
  how can you even call that cheese ? 
  hey !, 
  some of us pushers also have feelings , and some of us even regret our decision !, 
  vaccation imminent !, 
  it 's hard to get the key in when you are drunk . . ( but seriously , do n't drink and drive ! ), 
  damn the therapy will cost some money . . 
  if it is green and alive , it also is urinal . . 
  30 % of / r/aww is puppies posing for camera . . 
  yea , that was pretty obvious , still does n't help understanding this ad . 
  you tasted some bad wines . 
  the first fucking sentence in the website . . 
  no idea what he was talking about , but damn that was stupid idea . 
  i wonder what people in 1950 thought would happen in 2015 , not that ability to predict things is even comparable when we have way more data , computers and overall advancements in science which helps us . 
  i think that the last person alive will also want to kill the only person who is alive , eventually . 
  nah , it 's always the cable which is fucking you . 
  now i 'm interested to try that , though i do n't like the mcdonald 's salads , prefer getting them elsewhere . 
  now i wonder , if lunch is pretty much the biggest meal for me , i probably cold eat a hamburger at mcdonald 's with fries and still be skinny ? 
  hey . . that computer virus carved on bones is totally legit ! ... 
  if only the tsar was blind too . 
  oh , i remember our philosophy of economy professor telling us about this , rally interesting case . 
  so it 's a good thing to do every half of year ( obviously better to get doctor check you out ) ? 
  if they do n't move out by the time they are 30 , and there is no justifiable reason , then the parenting might be the cause of that . 
  wow ... 
  so much ignorance in this comment . . understanding universe will benefit us because that 's the only way we can really hope to predict what will happen to our solar system , going in blind and hoping for the best might be ok for a lifetime but it 's a terrible idea in a long run . 
  and things created to understand universe does trickle down to us . 
  also the game will not last forever and aging is also a factor in pro gaming performance . 
  probably more so than in some sports . 
  it would probably be easier for them to do that if they had all the episodes . 
  oh , i got worried that so many things contain a lot of ox ( checked wiki page ) , so it means that from most of them i will only get ~ 10 % of ox ? 
  that 's obviously the genus of land fishes . 
  not all of us might have the energy necessary to walk longer distances . 
  this could help elderly ? 
  i think it had something to do with cholesterol or something ? 
  i 'm not a big egg eater so i do n't remember how it is . 
  well it 's almost 1 $ = 1 $ anyway . 
  now if they go the way they went with seatbelt it would be cool . 
  how much for chicago ? 
  maybe you are , i 'm 100 % organic . 
  me too , i wonder if this means i do n't brush my teeth enough or something else . 
  or cop a cop . 
  woah 2km long trains ? 
  how many wagons is that . 
  that 's an australian tradition , racism is part of it . 
  all trapped methane and other gasses under the oceans and ice gets released . 
  would kill mostly everyone . 
  what about 2 packs so that you could carry both ? 
  you underestimate how big of disaster that would be , obviously it 's the worst case scenario and unlikely to happen , but if our effect on climate continues at same rate , probability increases . 
  what ? 
  they used to be good until they became clickbait website/youtube channel . 
  3d 4k 144fps should be the goal . 
  yep , just plug 2 hdmi 's in the back of your head and you are ok for vr .
