  beyond bosses look so fun , sad that i do n't have patience/focus to play hc . 
  well thats pretty obvious what was behind the click . 
  wait , do we get new decorations after leveling them ? 
  well why not just use couple of alts and try to get a lucky option , not that expensive thing to waste ? 
  damn , ca n't wait to see what i missed when ill get back into game . 
  today was a bad day since i barely found any masters while going through a2m . 
  same as difference between normal cat and nyan cat . 
  op , did you own cats before that decision ? 
  well i watched a lot of it , and i can tell you that this is anime . 
  ok thanks , did n't know that . 
  reddit police , who else . . 
  excalibur !, 
  interesting , no one yet made any racist comments , is reddit evolving ? 
  world would be way better if they did . . 
  damn that 2nd kid . . and overall this video . . 
  but a lot of banned food are healthy and not processed ( vegetables , fruits , milk and etc ) !, 
  idk but i feel violated . 
  is n't it old , posted several times and completely broken and does n't work reliably ? 
  damn more than half dollar cent !, 
  damn it op . . 
  this spoiled the whole movie . . 
  ramsey , the best guy to force you eat your medicine and healthy food . 
  i hope shit with comcast will make netflix decide to go to my country eventually : /, 
  yep . . when i start a league i usually have a tab full of flasks and tabs dedicated for gem colours . . and i only got one bundle . 
  oh the great villain of russia , bucketman . 
  so lets just call them putincrats . 
  you forgot tropical island , the easiest map . 
  damn , there needs to be a hypocrite meme . 
  and still . . 
  somehow i think this will be a bad port again . 
  idk , education is pretty good medicine against stupidity . 
  i never had ds , but as far as i saw sonic had a few fun games ( i hope it was on ds ) and they looked interesting . 
  i thought this was the norm over there in usa ? 
  that 's why redditors do n't leave their houses . 
  similar thing happened over here and president got kicked out of his office . 
  lithuania , it was of course a bit more skechy than just donation , but still . 
  well basement has 4 walls and a roof - counts as house . 
  thats those with one big room ? 
  i 'm studying statistics so i do realize the numbers . 
  you sound like a journalist , so yea we should not hang out as you skew the statistical reports to mean what you want it to mean . 
  only if you use imagination . 
  ( i wonder if someone will get this reference ), 
  but what if you are under pressure ? 
  well we still have those moments , arya survived a lot of bs situations , so did john , and so did bran . 
  i got it during second one , i must be genius , i should stop studying math and quit uni to make money . 
  at least after collecting bridge toll she can go shopping . 
  obviously not since people have different sense of humor , but when someone dies we tent do say good thing about them . 
  taking advantage of people ? 
  up until today i was pretty much clueless and did ' t know this `` discussion '' between gamers and game journalists was happening . 
  ( the corruption in industry was obvious but not this clear ), 
  the last one . . lost it, 
  damn so because i do n't use words like that i ca n't work for them ? 
  he does youtube and plays tabletop games with different people/celebs and shitloads of money for funding it through donations . 
  i 'm just totally confused how all this bs got so out of control , not even sure what people are arguing about now . 
  and thats probably the point , most people who just notices it now will probably not realize that it got started with corruption in game journalism and is not about misogyny , which means journalists achieved their goal in covering their asses . 
  exactly , phil is being total asshole everywhere and that makes me not want play fez because the feel of enjoyment will be ruined by even if little - associating game with him . 
  yep , used this often during lightning, 
  it burns , just very fast because of heat/radiation . 
  damn this was pretty nice post . 
  yea i came back to csgo after a long break i had 400 wins and at first i was crap with new set and time off i got dropped to silver elite . 
  now that i played a lot and got to the feel of game as i had when i was nova 2 i cant rank up . 
  even after win streak and everything i start getting those 4-5 game streaks where i get leavers in every game and just burn out after that and get dropped low again . 
  at times like that i just feel like quitting csgo is best idea . 
  thats why people who bloat console superiority do n't read books , their eyes ca n't handle all the words . 
  tagged as peasant . 
  if reddit could turn something into a movie i would finally be impressed by what we are capable . 
  yea that went well . . 
  i actually also liked the last season ( with few hits and misses ) . 
  the trick is leaving one pocket for sand and another for eggs . 
  that sounds expensive . 
  well i guess you can try hiding an egg inside your trousers then . 
  so its ok as long as no game includes women ? 
  sounds like you love them a bit too much . 
  this should be a series and named torture of tb . 
  that 's ... that 's majestic . 
  damn simonbot code is broken , somehow he got ocd . 
  that actually pretty cool , when i did some metal detecting with uncles friend ( he had some nice equipment ) all we did was find some random cans/barbed wire / nails . 
  and we were around ww2 battle zone . 
  sorry about your dad . 
  damn i would love to see random unaware drunk person reacting to this on his way home . 
  we used to have a cardboard cut outs ( photos ) of policeman , but i guess they disappeared too often , i presume they worked a bit better than this . 
  til : there is a book about this . . i guess ill be reading that now . 
  but . . but i do n't want the responsibility . 
  so soviet union is oficialy back ? 
  belarusians and russians are the first to be in it . 
  pretty much nothing on the internet would exist without math , no youtube and other stream-sites , probably no jpg and other formats of photos , probably global network would also be hard without probability theory . 
  i guess i 'm too tired . . 
  just look at his posts , he must be surely getting some money , otherwise why would he say that and not even once provide any evidance . 
  accidentally click enter instead of delete when you selected everything , gg . . 
  that sounds pointless , since you can spot folder easily already , with detailed list . 
  seems like that might have broke physics . 
  i do n't know man , for every downvote you get , somewhere in the ring a squidonian dies . 
  reddit is like string theory , no one understands it . 
  nice try , but your mojo wo n't work . 
  the point of reddit gold is supporting reddit not the comment . 
  so as long as somebody is buying it , it 's a good thing . 
  damn so i do remember counting to 10 correctly from 10 years ago when i had some karate lessons . 
  i always thought that it got distorted in my memory when i hear other variation of 4 and 7 . 
  they were just joking around , and the way he played the game helped them to do so . 
  the concept of game is pretty simple .
