  yea , what are they using as bendable batteries ? 
  it is problem of education not of happy meals or kinder eggs , pretty sure there are a lot of countries where both are available and people are not unhealthy . 
  or mmorpgs in general . 
  apocalyptic movie for shareholders . 
  yes , which is education . 
  the chocolate would burn up i think , chocolate melts at pretty low temps . 
  what institution did you escape from ? 
  that tower looks cool too . 
  sad that it is a fucked up country . 
  yeah i found it inspiring what he managed to do even with mental illness . 
  i wish i had fraction of that dedication . 
  i found this one more interesting than a lot of other things being pressed . 
  how well does the person see after procedure ? 
  are n't they using dead people as donors like this ? 
  they will not see anything regardless . 
  when this is so culturally engraved into their society , how the hell do you fix this at that point ? 
  this is very messed up . 
  he was just keeping them safe . 
  yea , it is nice to have brazilion dollars in your bank account . 
  nazi pirates . 
  new top gear or episodes ? 
  i thought i will end up the same because only whites and blues dropped . 
  but luckily at lvl11 i got that racer tracer legendary skin ( and i do n't really play her much . . ), 
  and with shorts and shoes like that , if it accidentally went into the shoe it might have been bad . 
  do it with liquid oxygen !, 
  non stop teleportation is very fun . 
  / r/tsunderesharks with cats . 
  you would probably want a truck with vacuum cleaner thing attached to its back on the side of the road . 
  so not a lot of risk of getting hit by a car . 
  well for me the people on the game are getting better , so it might be your bias . 
  main reason why i am not an astronaut . 
  and the stench is repulsing . 
  sadly ca n't have endurance when you are scared . 
  and as far as i understand from education part , a lot of types of degrees would be fine so at least i got that covered . 
  that is his quirk . 
  that 's a bird , not a dog . 
  i kinda do not think it is a truly mathematical proof . 
  and having proofs like this might stop someone from actually looking into this problem and finding the usual type of proof which might have been useful in lots of other mathematical problems . 
  but i do n't consider myself an expert since i am only master of statistics student ( still need to finish my thesis ) . 
  he does have to load the turret . 
  ftfy, 
  what 's that ? 
  wait ... you do n't have to hit directly ? 
  not arguing that it is not a valid proof , similar things are being done ( usually when trying to prove that something does not exist what fits certain rule , all you need to disprove it is to find something that fits it ) . 
  i just see a lot of empirical proofs taken for granted in statistics which are not really good proofs because we ca n't be sure about asymptotic results ( often happens with machine learning methods of modeling ) . 
  no wonder i suck as mccree . 
  you might be adopted . 
  i guess it is a bit naive to think we could win against ai rebellion . 
  but this is fiction so i do n't get what your problem with it is ? 
  odontology easier than fixing bikes confirmed . 
  but you are supposed to try out popular local activities !, 
  i 'll do it for 50k , being able to screw around with an international sport might be fun . 
  that hairstyle , that earring , is this what justin timberlake is doing these days ? 
  or a vegan . 
  i mean , how else do they expect the lottery business to be a business ? 
  yeah , the overlay is totally unnecessary , but i guess then it would have been quite a bit easier to do this . 
   `` i just have to not be krillin . '', 
  yea , but satan defeated cell and majin buu , so he is no where close to being that strong of a human . 
  thanks , for some reason this video did not work . 
  hard to think that shit like this still happens in 21st century . 
  especially the last step of the bags taken off the inserter . 
  helps to imagine those are bullet holes . 
  and not reaching the ground . 
  if he was allowed to sit down he would have been fine . 
   trillions of people live on the planet, 
  which planet is that ? 
  you forgot that mole people does n't count as people . 
  what about theory that he ends up creating a school for mutants ? 
  when you stop caring about kids they stop caring about your lessons . 
  poverty and adverse home lives is not a good excuse to stop trying to reach them and inspire . 
  yea but economist has similar audience as reddit , it does not appeal to public majority . 
  as reliable as fox . 
  it is a bit sad that he repeats his jokes a lot , once you seen his show you know most of his material . 
  if only we were like this in western world . 
  all we do is get drunk and start fights . 
  it is like tourettes of the internet troll . 
  it was a low hanging fruit , multiple people thought of this and not everyone saw yesterdays thread . 
  from what i can tell it is a huge success , and a very fun game even with randoms . 
  time will show how it will be in long run , but it was worth the 40eur ( people compares it to tf2 but i had totally different experience and actually am enjoying ow ), 
  `` look at me . . 
  i 'm the queen now ! '', 
  and he is the one who is homophobic . 
  quite ironic . 
  it was a choose your own adventure with best adventure chosen for you . 
  two stones with one bird . 
  it is great to see the scientist to be so excited about what he is seeing , this is probably a dream like situation for him . 
  depends on performance . 
  we need to wait for reviews instead of hype and pr . 
  i am pretty sure there are far worse games than this on steam . . 
  yeah , shooting trough smoke couple of time and getting kills is not unusual , people tend to move behind smoke in predictable manner . 
  this is not a good logic . . dust_2 is most popular map and because of that it will get most reports . 
  but you ca n't really take this as evidence of this meaning that dust2 has bigger % of cheaters . 
  why would nato attack russia ? 
  there are no reason to do that . 
  it is russia who is trying to destabilize the region . 
  definition of threat is very varying depending on the ideology . 
  would explain why they are not telling anything . 
  why do you think we lithuanians are so good at basketball . 
  sure , `` your girlfriend '' , admit it , you are that girlfriend and you are single . 
  you also ca n't do that to cats , if you put a cat into a cage then a khajiit will slit your throat at night .
