  even nurses have trouble finding veins/arteries . . 
  damn all those hipsters . 
  yea a lot of people saw this , might be some kind of cut error and they changed some cast in middle of it ? 
  damn i usually do n't laugh at trolls but this made me at least smile . 
  have a nice day . 
  this reminds me of an episode in first season of x-files , also this reminds me why i do n't watch animal planet . 
  ban over using carbon emitting vehicles ? 
  your first thought was about humping a camel ? 
  thanks , mr. nostradamus . 
  this water is too cold , exterminate , exterminaaaate !, 
  sorry but stone kills 2 birds , not sure how it goes against 1 . 
  damn i almost fell of the chair . . 
  but man , you will have a headache from all those frames . 
  well hair transplant could help achieve your dream . 
  he probably does n't work in area where this would be an issue . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  quite in a lot of places where looks are irrelevant and the person who is hiring just cares about job being done productively . 
  not a lot of educated people like our president , she tends to 180 her position every several months , but your post has 0 relevance towards the issues fellow lithuanian pointed out . 
  but as far as my opinion goes , the people who got burned by sanctions were too slow to react , the evidence of russian government shitting on their neighbors are not new . 
  he could have said he was dreaming about having broken arms . 
  i do n't know op , maybe because you suck at buying printers ? 
  i had mine for more than 5 years now and still works perfectly fine . 
  what a dumb title . . 
  its not a successful thread if it does n't get this reference posted . 
  why pay for a therapy when you can make a related askreddit and see how other people had it way worse . 
  and she succeeded proving that she is too dumb and crazy for any normal man to want date her . 
  * sigh *, 
  i once tried to walk outside without blindfold , i literally died . 
  good thing by brain lags several decades . 
  huh , just memorized this yesterday , i 'm quite impressed how little time it took . 
  damn i guess in some third world countries public transport is terrible . 
  yea i never had any problems with public transport in lithuania ( also month of public transport for students costs as much as a single 3d movie ticket ) , though this is 2nd world country . 
  of course if you travel very late at night you will find appropriate crowd using it , but same thing will happen on the street . 
  damn it reminds me of how awesome kimimaro fight was . 
  op probably cant grow a beard so do n't be hard on him . 
  my precious . . beard !, 
  no but i had been in few european metro and they seemed decent ( not sure how london underground is ) . 
  you disappointed me when you killed all marvel universe but did n't go for dc afterwards . 
  i do n't think that a reference to very old arc of mainstream manga/anime is that great . 
  i think the shocker here is that he actually went and told that , sane person even if he gets help from parents would n't proclaim that . 
  do n't forget a big hamster wheel to go alongside that . 
  most men have 2 heads . 
  poor fat cat . 
  cereal killer . 
  bottom middle guy is struggling with arm placement . 
  not as cool as all dc tv-shows being in the same universe . 
  no , you are got confused , the nsfw part is being happy . 
  nah bat-dad in flashpoint was pretty fucking amazing . 
  this is way lower than that . . 
  what the hell ? 
  just usual downvote troll nonsense . 
  what i hope is that they would make those shows in a way which in the future would allow them to join arrowverse if they decide to do it . 
  damn , did n't even know that was an anagram . 
  so sassy !, 
  damn he did great job not to smile/laugh . 
  shit . . 
  i guess i 'm dead , this hell place looks exactly like it was on real world . 
  the same thing we do every night pinky ... 
  i guess this was not funny ? 
  then they smoked weed and bonded with some jokes . 
  yep , counted at least 5 times , seems like he was a great father . 
  be happy they are not nolifers and those are not poopsocks . 
  so is it 700 years old or 700 million years old ? 
  also what the hell does that have to do with geography ? 
  what did this piece of crappy code say about us ? 
  thats just how giraffe tongue looks like . 
  there are quite a few soups which are made with milk . 
  i am sorry for people who think that this is believable , the temps would end the laptop before it could heat up the marshmallow . 
  this is how you get impaled by twigs i guess . 
  i was wondering how he got it . . and i sit here with -2 because i downvoted few posts of mine before deleting because i realized what stupid shit i wrote while drunk . 
  or just a camgirl to do the same thing this woman does . 
  i am going to be the only data analyst who manages to use that nokia to compute statistical models which no one will need . 
  but are n't there any hidden windows data ? 
  cause the space on my hdd seems fishy . 
  its just an subjective opinion , for me they do n't look badass because they are very poorly composed . 
  and i 'm one of those people who hope that steampunk/wasteland outfits one day will be mainstream . 
  you , a lowly human being giving your worthless opinion to such a great artist , modern mozart , and dali of music , kanye west ? 
  ( damn i struggle with commas in this sentence . . ), 
  it would probably turn up the same way scary movie series . 
  if i had where to watch it when it airs i would watch it again . 
  i thoth this was a pun thread ? 
  that 's common sense , not history lesson . 
  more like gas bender . 
  for example op was a joke also . 
  he is off to buy some viagra . 
  probably poker , thats the only way i could think of . 
  thanks . . now i imagine a naked fat man panicking and running around , trying to find clothes and dress up . 
  universal translator field tardis creates probably consciously projected his voice so that doctor could smack him for being annoying and antagonizing him . 
  i think that still makes you an asshole . 
  well he does ride bike a lot , so i guess he should be in shape . 
  i bet that would look cool if poked with scissors . 
  at least you are not a cruel man and provided urban dictionary link and not link to graphical view of actual docking . 
  first few episodes of current doctor who are a bit iffy , but it gets better . 
  its technically a kids show so if you do n't notice subtle things it might not be for you . 
  but can our brain comprehend more than 300 gb ? 
  jaden is just always surprised by everything because he forgets what he saw a minute later . 
  tesla is so green even lawnmowers wants to cut it . 
  * we have no faces, 
  i ended up getting one 20euro skin drop ( dont remember which one ) so i think it was not that bad to keep doing them . 
  yes we should , if that shit is harming population as a whole , we should discourage its usage , and since the users of it are corporations and their whole goal is profits , increasing costs while using harmful methods is correct way to deal with it .
