  but i guess co2 would be better than methane in the atmosphere . 
  mosquitos ducking hate me , but i might be sweating more when exposed to them . 
  he might have mistaken what lactate is . 
  or kefir , which might be closer to milk . 
  my point exactly . 
  ca n't really check this while at work , but was this adjusted according to population density ? 
  i will add more of them on my pizza , that will negate the negative effects of eating a pizza !, 
  they could also split comcast up , it seems like it 's a big market controller . 
  that sounds to be a hard thing to do accurately . 
  more financing for development into project r would be cool !, 
  and some rice ? 
  morality is hard to come by when region is struggling economically , it 's a complex topic i guess and eu probably discussed a lot before making the decision . 
  hey , at least i know how to cook pizza and kinda enjoy doing it . 
  most of other stuff i know how to cook are equally bad for me . 
  do these kidneys stay the same size or would they grow ? 
  well they are called a bank for a reason . 
  you probably eat bad food but not enough of it , is n't whole . 
  thin while having bad diet because of genetics , a myth ? 
  well there were some linkage between digestive system eco-system and caloric absorption ( i think there were some cases where people after ` poop ' transplant gained more weight without changing diet ) , but this is probably a case where digestive system is damaged and abnormal . 
  have never heard any scientific paper linking genes to this . 
  hey , i always hoped magic actually exists !, 
  this whole video is legendary , that ` lady ' was more childish than the kids . 
  yea , pretty much all of her arguments were pretty bullshit , she just did this to yell at someone and make their day miserable . 
  they make the best omelet . 
  hey , they have rockets which can hit the ocean !, 
  would it manage to get close without getting taken out ? 
  kinda doubt it . 
  i do n't think there are any politician who would suggest killing off people who are just fleeing the war . 
  which one of you is writing now ? 
  jk , drunk redditing is the best , as long as no one knows your reddit username . 
  yea , but if you would live in a war torn country you probably would want to escape into western world . 
  damn i thought the person controlling it died , this makes the story a bit less sad now . 
  that would not have helped . 
  it 's not a movie . 
  make it sound like siri to make it more funny . 
  there is points in classification it simplifies a lot of things and let 's focus on others . 
  the distinction between liquids and solids is pretty clear . 
  damn i wish this was still in olympics , i love watching fencing and this would be something similar . 
  what does your toes have to do with this ? 
  there are a lot of bad tils , try browsing sorting by new , though it does take time and effort to get that many . 
  have you tasted both ? 
  by a bit of autism you mean small symphonies which occur in autism is seen in some of the savants , which had little to do with them having any autism . 
  ugh i slightly recall the reference but ca n't remember from where . . 
  i see how you would defend it when being in their position . 
  damn , someone used a lot of drugs to write this . 
  probably some kind of pseudo-bankruptcy so ca n't be a good thing , then again poorest people probably already does n't have great credit ratings . 
  i would not want to live in an disputed region . 
  these cards would probably still not cost him any sweat . 
  we are already about to have lightbulbs which use it , and probably tons of other things . 
  it 's just that it currently is useful when you do n't need a lot of it . 
  you sound just like her . 
  what does this has to do with me ? 
  you are being an asshole and that 's what i pointed out . 
  for now . . 
  it would not be too fucked up if it was set up properly . 
  now steam takes 75 % of the profit + modder needs to get 100 $ before he can cash it out . 
  i do n't know , head splitting headaches are no fun . 
  so if everyone stopped watering the lawns it goes down to what ? 
  its blue and gold bastard !, 
  the black and white one . 
  damn , smart giraffe , must have been a kinky buddhist monk in his earlier life . 
  yea , we have more fun people . 
  i kinda like these mods which adds just annoying people who you end up killing . 
  i should get back to skyrim , but updating all the mods i had installed will be tricky : / maybe i need to wait until all this blows over . 
  i expected something bad to happen , good thing no one got hurt ( except probably the bear in his young days ) . 
  lol , rarely facebook posts make me laugh . 
  that would just mean that i would play without updating . 
  so pretty much most skyrim mods ? 
  why ? 
  damn , this is actually pretty funny , i would hang it . 
  that 's not what i meant , you will always be able to not update skyrim , the same way you can play it with steam being in offline mode . 
  with happy ending up your arse . 
  we do n't know if his mom would fit on an aircraft carrier mate . 
  well it made decision not to support steam as much as i can easier . 
  will not buy witcher 3 on steam and will not buy gta v on steam , if i will get it . 
  yep, 
  yea , i probably will give negative review soon . 
  that 's where all of migi friends sleep . 
  nah , ca n't be that , i surf / r/funny and it 's all about the jokes , does not crack me up . 
  skins usually ca n't break , does not rely on compatibility and are easy to test out before buying . 
  people already were moving away from steam workshop for modding skyrim because there are a lot of issues with that platform when having bigger number of mods . 
  his ama , or w/e you call it , post about this is weird , his replies are so vague and nothing reassuring was said . 
  yea , if i would see alpha version selling in retail i would know that its not a game i would want to buy . 
  you will have to combine tes vi by buying all the parts and stitching it together , all the weapons , buildings , towns and mechanics will need to be bought separately , they are not guaranteed to work together and might break completely after updating one of the parts . 
  tes vi : the jigsaw puzzle, 
  his ama is pretty weak at addressing the issues , all the answers are vague . 
  just send them emails , sign the petition , boycott steam ( use other places to get game , there are a lot of them ) . 
  these might seem small , but if enough people do this it will make a big difference . 
  cast on death is a new meta , confirmed . 
  just because someone has different opinion on the issue does not make them sheep or lesser people . 
  by having sex with a secretly gay senator who opposes gay rights , i will post his name in 2 weeks . 
  was their brother notin wong not at the school that day ? 
  today its heavily processed so that it would not get bad and would be very easy and fast to heat it up . 
  fappening 2 : thanks obama !, 
  there is no way a laughing baby will not make your day better . 
  yea , cashgrabbing and dividing community , that 's the right thing to do obviously !, 
  wow . . stuff like that makes choosing what modders to support easier . 
  it probably cost more for valve than they got out of it . 
  aka has a quality control , mods will never have this because its not cost effective even with mandatory payment . 
  yep , i kinda get that mandatory payment on giant mods where they are like game expansions and adds tons of gameplay .
