  as he stopped attacking . 
  no it just barely puts you at 0 . 
  glad to help you out mate !, 
  like he holds it in and then goes fuck it !, 
  more like 20q gem pumping machine . 
  yes there was a screenshot here . 
  oh look what we have here , a specimen of reddit asshole race . 
  how much experience did you need to grind to reach 49354 level books !, 
  is it only me thinking that its more of wtf material than funny ? 
  is it because you never stopped having sex with her ? 
  nah i usually get to the right place before fountain comes . 
  what is this , 2010 ? 
  wait what ? 
  we are finally getting remake of fantastic four ? 
  we can still hope for some improvement . 
  was n't this well known for decades from psychology research and experiments ? 
  well i was born in 91 and i can relate to a lot of the 90s kids post ( might be because we used to get most media decade later or smth ) but i never thought myself as a 90s kid . 
  so what will they do ? 
  drop the thing in volcano , put torch into some kind a house fire with chemicals , put mister fantastic under a press ? 
  well i used to think that that label meant you were born in 90s generation but then all those post bashing the label use made it confusing . 
  the price always rises in these leagues and its probably more related to the fact that people are getting more exalt worth ( endgame ) items and that increases demand for them . 
  he was focused on cold blooded revenge . 
  or wood if we go back . 
  still looks good !, 
  something something . . broken arms . 
  well there is no reason to alch 66/67 so therefore he is stating the same . 
  most of racers and other professionals use protection so that the danger would be minimum . 
  depends on time periods but it probably was unorthodox . 
  should we tell him ? 
  i guess you are not really a book reader if you judge book without finishing it . 
  or you could put it in your shop thread and sell it to someone . 
  in diablo2 it was kinda of a money sink , but on poe the currency itself acts as it so there would be no need for such system . 
  what about the sex scene in original 300 which took half of the entire movie ? 
  an here folks we see homo rectalus in its natural habitat reddit !, 
  oh so thats what those random chinese messages on chat was . . didint have chance to read in map but seemed strange . 
  i know how scripts work . . 
  oh cool , long time since i listened to anything so might be good to read and remember . 
  some people forget to quality it before vaaling . 
  well you are a white knight . 
  huh i thought it was 11/22/63 because of the names , clown was kinda in topic also ( im only half through the book so i thought it was from where i have n't read yet ) . 
  seems like good enough proof of spaghetti monster for me . 
  why not 1 ? 
  of course report it , your friend probably is not the only one who knows it and abuses it . 
  have you discovered much on discovery , learned any history from history or seen any music on mtv ? 
  thats because media is shithole used only to manipulate society . 
  thats what he thinks about picasso work . 
  is meditation mentioned twice ? 
  then where did ham come from?it surely cant be just a part of animal . . 
  who doesnt want fucker free light bulbs ? 
  quite a nice mod just not on right item . 
  trading in d3 ? 
  no , he is the god of tv . 
  back when the simpsons was good : /, 
  like brushing sandpaper on your skin . 
  the colors are not that fitting , try that rare red dye . 
  wait what ? 
  you buy game , then have to pay each month and there is more paywalls ? 
  yea its a bit annoying that you cant complete some bounties , log off and return to finish off rest of them , but its just design choice . 
  yea , the way d3 handles lag/dc is terrible , you would think that such huge company would know how to add reconnect system . . 
  probably in the next exp . 
  have you actually got flawless royal unlocked ? 
  looks quite alien . 
  could also be drugs , but who knows . 
  oh god , when i was a kid i loved these godzilla movies . 
  i do n't understand your point ? 
  finally , the time when fresh air is commodity . 
  slow shutter pictures are all over the internet and its nothing unique . 
  go type slow shutter pictures and you will get thousands of pictures and a lot of them are far more impressive . 
  this one is quite of bunch of randomness without any real idea behind it except `` pretty colors '' . its probably your first try and eventually you will create quality ones if you put more work in it . 
  so i guess the pencil didint disappear this time ? 
  ran by skynet software . 
  similarly how that guy drunkenly ordered goats ? 
  first of all , what am i supposed to see ? 
  second of all , mistakes in title . . 
  well probably some work on lighting also done . 
  i hope you did not forget to ask them to implant some chips . 
  are you trying to change your identity ? 
  seems like a dropbear in training . 
  isnt that actually not buddha ? 
  also food shape as buddha is kinda ironic . . 
  i think it would be actually better if it was not a joke , cant understand how people are alive in the industrial cities over at china with all that smog . 
  im pretty sure we are ~ 10 years away from skynet so it wount matter . 
  wow this was actually pretty great . 
  idk i googled how to make a nuke and im pretty sure i can make that , just need to order few stuff . 
  saddam is dead , im just his doppelganger !, 
  not rob ford ? 
  damn, 
  poor planning . 
  it is true in this case , if it was a crosswalk then the driver would deserved it more . 
  why do you hate to say what a lot of people think ? 
  no , he is actually an alien . 
  i was wondering , so since marvel studios dont have the rights to xmen , does it mean mutants dont exist in this universe ? 
  it seems stuff around head plates are rotting or being damaged by something so it might reveal itself soon enough . 
  i never understand why people smoke 20 cigarettes , like i understand when they do it few times during breaks , but 20 seems very quite a lot . 
  but hips do n't lie mate !, 
  yep this one was way more professional . 
  well if it would be a traffic jam it would be somewhat justified . 
  seems like an overkill . 
  ugh its funny how little of actual math is in calculators ( or in primary/secondary schools ) . 
  because its so expensive to do xrays . .
