  i ca n't really comprehend what motivates people to make fun of someone honest like this guy . . 
  sounds like those people are just grown men stuck with mental capacity of children . 
  pizza is probably the most important organization in the world . 
  watched it at least 10 times , it gets funnier and funnier for some reason . 
  you can probably calculate how much alcohol was consumed at each line . 
  not hard to reply to him and say its exact price . 
  he is not being rude , gave you a simple offer and that 's it . 
  i myself sometimes will agree to sell to lower price if i had my item listed for long enough . 
  well my third or whatever time was done while gaming on the another monitor . 
  yeah , he seemed to deal with the dog pretty well after he got reassured . 
  are you talking from experience of your own head trauma ? 
  but it kinda is not that counter intuitive , a lot of things follow diminishing returns . 
  dicaprio 's wedding will have one of those i heard . 
  my table sometimes also jumps 6 inches , but i do n't own a dog . 
  ah so also gets rid of free-thinkers too , two birds with one stone . 
  because people who complain about reposts thinks that everyone follows the exact same redditing schedule and habits as they do . 
  some companies also do n't want creative people to find flaws in the company and go off to make something better . 
  that 's what the majority does . 
  yea it is never going to blow over soon and everyone will be back to smoke signals . 
  nah do n't come back , less competition for rest of us . 
  that 's because you want to do corners fast ? 
  that is called an elephant . 
  i am just cutting onions in my bed while watching this video !, 
  `` it only took me 8 minutes to sink to my waist '' only ? 
  what you do to get out of that situation is do n't stand still when you feel yourself sinking at rate of 0,125 m/min . 
  when i cook my pizza i always end up making family sized one . 
  good part is that i have pizza for 2 days . 
  what ? 
  well he does pick on kids a lot of the times . 
  yea , kinda hoped it would be more steam-punky than just a normal knife . 
  probably was using expensive car to get to that speed . 
  maybe because those cars have better brakes people using them are getting off easier ? 
  well definitely beyond what a math student like me can afford at this moment . 
  that is how i imagine turps being ceo . 
  do bees get high too ? 
  meh , if i will tell the pr version on my qualifications ( data scientist ) i will get decent salary . 
  do you do it in alphabetical order ? 
  i hate this stupid argument , both sides will have reactions like that , both sides have extreme vocal minority who ignores every argument . . saying that you got banned for saying he does not have realistic shot gives us no information of how you argumented that . 
  your last paragraph completely describes one sided opinion which both sides will have about their nominee . 
  do n't really do this anymore , but i used to eat scrambled eggs with a bit of sugar sprinkled on top of it . 
  `` i guess this is how i die , just going to stand for 20min '', 
  is there another way to reddit ? 
  nah , they are talking about mathematical element . 
  error 666 is how you know you are in hell . 
  oh almost forgot about this youtuber . 
  eh this is pointless bot . . 
  if a reply is very popular on youtube it means that probably a lot of people felt the same . 
  if it is a common idea then it will be posted on different places regardless of whether it was posted elsewhere . 
  correlation is not causation . 
  well i am not sure about remedy part but putting few drops of eucalyptus extract ( i suppose it is oil , do n't remember exactly ) into bath makes it very relaxing experience which a bit helps with my migraine ( it 's not the oil by itself i guess , but the relaxation part , regular hot bath also helps ) . 
  but the burning part is true , if i put too much of it in the bath it definitely burns and kinda ruins everything about the reason i would use it . 
  ( the little bottle was very bad for dosage ), 
  this dog got used to dealing with the cat it seems . 
  can confirm , wet dogs cure cancer . 
   his entire family are asshole nightmares, 
  wait ... 
  so are they nightmares for assholes ? 
  that should clear the neighborhood of them . 
  nah , i think he is genius when it comes to it . 
  making all these great titles . 
  well op , i think that you got quite an improvement as opposed to looking at those generic buildings . 
  looks pretty cool . 
  quite surprising that that amount of movement is probably harmless . 
   this browser does not support video playback . 
  using ff , wth ? 
  nah he is john `` the biscuit '' bain . 
  well damn . 
  that is your problem . 
  reinstalling game or doing some work with soundfiles can help with that . 
  my bigger problem with the game is that mtx skins , which you spend your money for , actually reduces the quality of game by introducing lag . 
  guy probably is breaking the laws . 
  not on all netflix . 
  adult films obviously . 
  well it completely freezes the screen when party member joins the zone . 
  do n't forget to put it under the press . 
  yea i watched some letsplays and it seemed very bleak , maybe not my genre . 
  bought factorio and i did not need to pirate it because they have proper demo . 
  a bit disappointing but what can you do . 
  this probably should have been default feature from the start . 
  i wonder when we will eliminate needing that much labour from it . 
  seems like it would be possible to automate . 
  that is kinda what the 0.1 % are doing . 
  that 's because pizza is created by worlds shadow government in order to control and surveil us . 
  dude . . that 's korean !, 
  do n't be racist . . 
  a lot of people state that decline started from s1 . 
  why else do you think it is being developed ? 
  think of all the money robot brothels could make !, 
  being stupid is also part of his uniform . 
  because these are just normal ignorant kids and not uk gangsters . 
  any idea how long will this deal be on ? 
  i will only be home in several hours and i 'm thinking about getting this . 
  that sounds pretty decent , expected less . 
  yep . 
  have n't seen it in europe . 
  i would sure love to have a car as my kidneys . 
  i just ca n't stand fallon always interrupting guests and laughing obnoxiously . 
  i mean , those responses could have totally been from an actual person . 
  there are few other countries like that where tourists come without any respect for anyone because that 's how the culture in their country works . 
  how did this make sense to them . .
