  so people do catch it . 
  damn , that fox jumped 10 times already and dog still has n't noticed !, 
  well , that 's a ballsy thing to wear . 
  i was just referring to bad fashion sense of hers . 
  i could n't build city so grid ` y , i like building round spikes everywhere . 
  like palm trees . 
  minimizing number of traffic lights . 
  i also had that concern , then i realized i do n't really care much about min-maxing . 
  better have proper tax system than shitloads of debt . 
  why confession bear ? 
  putting lid down is the proper way to do it . . 
  they want you to join in duh . . next time they start doing it again , just jump into their bed . 
  wow , thanks !, 
  oh god , remember enjoying the shit out of this as a kid . . weird times . 
  oh god . . 
  i am going to hell for laughing at this . . at least queen is playing there !, 
  oh , so there are youtube comments which makes me actually lol . 
  still not worth reading them and getting cancer . 
  its based on pure logic . 
  people with `` stupid faces '' and loudest voices who are n't the extremes in their belief , will not go out of their way and scream at everyone they see . 
  and people at extremes who does not have loud voices will not be heard and will be ignored . 
  probably nsfw , then again , who in the hell browses / r/wtf at work . . ? 
  she wants the d !, 
  have n't played that for 2 years . 
  all those amd r9 must make it hot as hell in there . 
  yea , who would have guessed that spewing flames at someones face is not a good idea . . 
  i got lucky enough to get overpass drop on d1 . 
  what guy ? 
  well , not as badly though . 
  damn , that 's a dangerous place to box in . . 
  it 's miami though , no one is straight there . . 
  especially when doing a physical feat which is at the limits of your capabilities . 
  i tend to keep my pc in the bathtub to keep my 280x cool , and it is also always clean because of that . 
  17 times ? 
  i do n't want to boil alive man . . 
  though me playing games , and it keeping my bath warm while i 'm in it , sounds like a marketing strategy for amd . 
  only if he has a suit . 
  be honest , you knew about this fetish long before you saw the subreddit . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  it was just a joke between bro 's . 
  my axe does not discriminate !, 
  running premades is not always that great also , i try to add people to play with and i already had 2 cheaters in my premade because of that ( that i know off ) , luckly both of them are banned now . 
  crappy russian one , where everything stays the same . 
  what if i want to eat the worms ? 
  but then i will have to read youtube comments , that will give me cancer . . 
  well , that 's a subjective thing , personally i do n't like russian movies . 
  i thought policies ca n't be moddable ? 
  not in general . 
  there are few i do like , but i do n't like the style of most of them . 
  have n't really seen any of them iirc , or was that one popular vampire movie swedish ( ca n't remember the name ) ? 
  thats exactly how russian tourists are/were in europe . 
  have to upvote the one true god !, 
  or is it closer to lim _ ( n -  0 ) p_n ( female ) = 0 ? 
  or for a role of harvey dent . 
  i also remember being at the louvre and seeing forehead of mona liza . 
  what about white , pointy hoods ? 
  i need to hurry up in getting all achieves to start using mods . 
  of course there is . . 
  or hating juice , too many misunderstandings . 
  that 's high , must be good !, 
  wtf ? 
  get a room you two ... and can i watch ? 
  average consumer will not save money , but smart consumer might be able to . 
  we obviously have smart consumers , just average consumer is not a smart consumer , and that will always be true , there will always be ways to profit from lazy people . 
  i am not white . . 
  i am yellow !, 
  praise flying spaghetti monster !, 
  i am lorde , ya ya ya . . 
  a superstar , obviously . 
  wtf that stance even supposed to be ? 
  i will never understand this crossfit thing . 
  well . . what else would you expect from lara croft cosplay ? 
  you and a million other people . . 
  depends on how you use it . 
  at this rate , joke bot will end up like other bots . . 
  so , you like stating the obvious ? 
  says its 600kw , so should be able to , if building is not too power hungry . 
  nothing , just more people getting high and having paid sex . 
  imagine replacing a lot of windows with cost effective version of these . 
  you would get power from pretty unused and widely available space . 
  even if it 's small amount of energy , still helps towards green buildings . 
  yea , i would rather give food , but if i would be a begger , i might be careful when taking food from strangers . . 
  especially in china . 
  welcome to reddit , a place where everyone considers themselves geniuses . 
  fish , onions and tossed salad . 
  perfect meal . 
  there still exists the problem of finding the correct organization to donate to , some of them are a bit shady . 
  i am already at a point where i do n't need driving , most of it i can do with public transport and since i live in capital of my country , it is usually faster and cheaper . 
  i do have license , but at this point i have not driven a car in 3 years . 
  i would need to learn a lot before doing that again . 
  that 's like 1 persons yearly bill . 
  if comment karma still counts , then probably yea , though money might become worthless when so much of it is put into circulation . 
  hey , thanks for giveaway and i will do more research into you guys when i 'm not on phone . 
  as for a game , i would love transistor , i loved music in it while watching some lps of it . 
  you crash the economical supply and wealth is now useless , wars rage over the world as no one has any purpose to live . 
  stocks , i do n't have big things i would want to buy . 
  wait , they are free now ? 
  where can i get 500 of them ? 
  bleeding a pun thread already ? 
  that 's why you are banned from pretty much all gyms except the pokemon ones .
