  did you have a heart attack ? 
  thats something what would give a nice adrenaline rush . 
  `` you just experienced a life changing thing and you are going to live rest of your life being productive and focused '', 
  that 's pretty much nothing for peace , when they are willing to give up cities , then they are desperate . 
  got same offer , but he killed my traders so i nuked him . 
  are those haunted houses common in us ( or where you live ) ? 
  its not the first time im hearing about such place so was just wondering . 
  who doesnt want gold ? 
  somehow im not surprised its dali . 
  shouldnt the meme be opposite ? 
  damn that could cause some nightmares . . 
  everyone should know that sharks get scared when git in their nose , thats a good defense against them . 
  well theres not much you can do when facing shark what wouldnt involve risking getting bit . 
  great game , one of my first rpg . 
  im not even american and we dont have sharks here but i know this simple fact from biology studies . 
  but few downvotes doesnt count , i know few people who does that for `` fun '' . 
  also to the topic , im building roa ranger ( trying out few single targeted skills aswell ) , but im lost on my build , could any1 give some tips or is my build ruined ? 
  current skill tree : http://www.pathofexile.com/passive-skill-tree/aaaaagiaadeefgx5ffaz_hsbi_ykpsu_lok6wep9vvpasfs9z6b0qx11h0ghdpsmoskiqkokpmkn1k-nr-u0grfiu-peotn-2o3cfd0n4svo1usu7g7veu_w9pj2o_zf_rr-ya==, 
  how about this ? 
  iron grip was a bit out of the way so dont know about that . 
  im on domination , too scared to go on nemesis as i got killed 10 + times on last boss . 
  so untill i feel confident im sticking with this league . 
  thanks , ill try it out . 
  ok so im playing as bow ranger on dominion , my main skill i think would be roa , i use lightning arrow as an alternative and fire trap from time to time . 
  im thinking about doing something with crit build , so i might change skills if they dont work good with critical . 
  this is my current build , im thinking on going for the path to iron grip , just cant choose how . 
  yea i saw that one , but my planned build is a bit different ( got point blank in it and other slight deviations ) so wanted to get some insight if thats viable or i should change something . 
  yea , i just messed up few paths so im not sure how to fix my build ( there are few bad circles ) . 
  but i guess trial and error method will do . 
  an awesome comment . 
  ( sorry studying for midterms . ), 
  but the numbers of gem slots seems odd for merc . 
  sorry , not overweight , though i bet it would be true in uk/usa or other countries where its a problem.here its rare to find 20s and overweight . 
  glad to see the levels being mentioned , more reviews needs this . 
  thats how mushrooms grow naturally fairly often . 
  my bow ranger could on domi :d, 
  during nights he is joker , during days he is green goblin . 
  i think you need to train them from little for it to be not uncomfortable . 
  yep , husky cant climb trees so cat would destroy that poor dog . 
  sorry but im 14-year-old-man-child !, 
  yea but it will be nerfed with next patch probably so it would be risky . 
  ok i missed something , where was the story how he freed the gladiators ? 
  thanks , thought i missed something . 
  im always afraid to bother people with my noobish pricecheck questions : /, 
  how do i know if the items are worth keeping and not vendoring ( im act2 merc so close to endgame items , pretty sure domination has little market on lower level items ), 
  well the only thing i traded was my melee damage support gem ( 14q ) to a guildmate for 10c , but it wasnt for profit or anything so took what he offered , he needed it and i had no use for it . 
  the question is , are they playing american or european basketball ? 
  its mainly a pvp gem , but untill pvp becomes more popular its pretty much worthles ( or you can get few worthles q gems and vendor for gcp ) . 
  also i think some people use it for portals . 
  missed opportunity to have 7 shrines active : /, 
  there are a lot of differences but i cant name them from top of my head ( 3pointer distance , quarter lengths , dribbling rules and etc ) , its hard to follow as european rules change each year to get the gap closer . 
  yea but basketbal federation was founded by europeans and they made fiba international rules which is used by europeans . 
  but nba has different rules in order to change the game speed for some reason . 
  why are they wearing those ? 
  ( not american here ), 
  imperial of metric fuckton ? 
  ( had to ask ), 
  death of the monster or the streamer ( from heart attack ) ? 
  whats a good place at act 2 ? 
  ive hit a bit of wall from quite a number of rares because of lack of good items and few keystones . 
  as far as i understood how other redditors explained it , its not that dumb , just a normal fan rivalry jokes.though here fans tend to fight for real ... 
  might be just some kind of stabilization rocket.small ones probably go down before leaving atmosphere . 
  whats so impressive . . ? 
  most of normal men would probably fight a woman in only extreme situations , just because he lets her hit him , doesnt mean she actually beaten him . 
  its a sign from jesus , he gave you a loan and you will have to pay it back with 30 % monthly interest when you go up there . 
  that beast before dominus , the real endgame boss of poe ... 
  what if he does n't have friends ? 
  microsoft does n't know how to add formulas to excel . 
  well idk , it feels nice to thank someone for gold , and because gold is anonymous you cant really thank via message . 
  would like batman arkham city, 
  as for gif , one of the recent ones http://i.imgur.com/cxtbi.gif, 
  reddit guild is pretty casual and friendly , you could try that ( i think there are few spaces left ) . 
  this is the super mega turbo top comment !, 
  woups , added . 
  probably wount get picked but one of my more favorite recent astronomy pics is http://i.space.com/images/i/000/033/758/original/farthest-galaxy-discovered.jpg?1382543376 which as it states is one of the oldest/furthest galaxies recently confirmed . 
  this is the one . 
  pie because you can have meat in it , cant imagine cake with meat , also everyone knows that cake is a lie ... 
  whats those new bundles ? 
  it pretty much depends on how your parent act together , if they seem happy and you dont see anything wrong happening between them you probably better to leave it as it is , divorce only puts a lot of pressure not only on your parents but also your younger siblings . 
  thats why schools should teach people to use latex for math language text , it makes everything better and is even easier once you get the hang of it . 
  got ta love some programmers , good thing your school didint mind the programmer doing that . 
  its written that it only works against the bullets with named standart . 
  it might be just statistically completely resistant . 
  statistics are not lies its the fact that people are too uneducated to fully interpret and understand them , thats the problem . 
  more like , a lot of alcohol in your system . 
  no , he was pulled in because truck was driving to fast ... geez people , learn some physics . . 
  would like batman arkham city goty , thanks . 
  which ones ? 
  would like arkham city , thanks . 
  no wonder you are scamming people ... 
  ugh i just imagine the train coming ... darn brain . . 
  everyone knows immortality pill has to go other-way in . 
  no . . lewis stole yogscast from him , thats why he sent cheese for his birthday as he still holds a grudge . 
  same case would be in many european countries with relatively low gdp per capita . 
  we are looking at you americans !, 
  she only gave it to you so she could demand money to fix it . 
  also i only need arkham city , so if its possible give asylum to someone else ( not sure if they are under same key ) . 
  so people of reddit , reply me with best gifs of her !, 
  yea we pay here i think also ~ 11eur ( lazy to convert ) for 100/100 ( though not tested as my net cards cant upload at such speed ), 
  well said , i 'm glad i did n't watch the awards , would have wasted my time ( not that i did n't waste it elsewhere ) .
