  i just am not good enough to go higher right now . 
  will try to reduce my sens hoping that that will allow me to be a bit better ( it 's pretty high right now ) . 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` well we the manga flashbacks should happen soon , and they were pretty great . '' ), 
  even with this 50 % off , there was a significant increase in smurfs . 
  7632 , thanks for giveaway mate !, 
  for anyone thinking about opening , remember , there are 10000 people who did not open a knife to 1 person opening one . 
  works pretty well on my iphone 5 . 
  damn , i feel so nostalgic now . 
  but yea , i have similar feel when playing this . 
  my game is turning out to be a true vault , a lot of highly irradiated unhappy people . 
  yea i 'm hoping to grab 2070 during steam sale . 
  though already spent big part of my budget on wolfenstein and transistor . 
  this one has more uses than reddit gold . 
  roaches finished my vault off , i already had food shortage because of power shortage ( i fucked up arrangement of rooms ) so everyone were very low . 
  then roaches came so i sent people with guns out to fight them and they died ( were low on health ) , rip vault 515 . 
  and it was one of those non rush invasion of roaches which seem to be a bit worse . 
  is there a way to check my room number ? 
  what about the dlcs , the complete edition adds a lot to base game ? 
  the one i 'm in is pretty close to 100k , but damn in these rooms it 's impossible to do anything unless you use the bots which a lot of people are using , levels just go insanely fast . 
  as far as i understand it kinda really does n't , steve just got very unlucky to get pierced trough his heart . 
  well even if the game is labeled as ru it is fully in english and game itself is the same as elsewhere . 
  so it 's not that bad as you say , but yea steam is usually terrible with their region stuff . 
  seems like they do n't really care about eastern europe . 
  well image suggests its defensive too , but getting stabbed by it would still not kill you ( even by big ones ) . 
  is it safe to use the scripts , will valve not ban those people ? 
  also was wchill one fixed after that exploitative code in it ? 
  damn so those people on coffee break are those who are unassigned ? 
  now i feel stupid and it explains all my troubles . . 
  damn that sounds fucked up . . why would anyone even use something like that . . 
  exactly , things like these usually have the opposite effect . 
  they can now probably expect bigger groups trolling their rooms for next days we have left . 
  it is funny how something so casual can create so much drama when some people take it to extremes . 
  these bots/scripts kinda ruined all the fun in the game . 
  got wolfenstein new order and transistor . 
  waiting for anno games sale , might get deus ex or metro on the last day , through probably i will not since i spend most of my budget . 
  wow . . that 's all i can say . 
  but then the casket will be expensive mate !, 
  how do those work ? 
  yea this was neat , though i got lucky enough to open up a legendary weapon so now my explorer only collects everything up . 
  selective breeding . 
  i usually give them 6 + stimpaks and send them exploring over night , though sometimes they do die even with that . 
  what purpose is there to just leave a bot running ? 
  that does not even count as playing the game . . 
  should i get dlc too ? 
  how much does it add ? 
  no , ketchup is a vegetable !, 
  i bought it and i am enjoying it , it seems like its a great game because you can take short play sessions so it 's always there for you when you have a feel like you need to play something different after playing a longer game . 
  the card mechanic is pretty fun , though a bit confusing at start . 
  that 's some big pair of eye that landed on your window !, 
  i have been sitting in century club for some time , though everyone here are talking only in memes . 
  7625 , thanks for the giveaway dude !, 
  the prisoner was speaking lithuanian , mostly repeated `` kalbek '' - `` talk '' . 
  also he was asking `` kas a\u0161 esu '' - `` who am i ? '', 
  when will let him go in the woods . 
  he probably said other stuff too , i was just not too concentrated so missed it . 
  yea i started to find very good guns on exploration ( with close to 20 dmg ) so pretty much most guns in lunchboxes are worse . 
  stocking these up for when i get a mission to sell # of guns . 
  i send them for 12h + and the stats are n't very good , only the weapons are 14 + dmg ( this seems to help a lot ), 
  i usually skip the long ones ( the ones which give 200 + caps usually takes a bit of time to complete and that means it takes long time until i can try getting lunchbox mission ) . 
  i would love to see hannibal make cepelinai . 
  i send them off to work out and rise the stats . 
  nice small trick , but god his presentation was cringey . . 
  that would be quite a knife if it could go into wooden table that far . 
  nope . 
  op just likes sleeping in a cage . 
  yea that 's why i usually try to get someone stay alone at the other site , just in case they were faking . 
  pf , 1 kill mvp can still happen . 
  yep , low hp person can still cover one entry and at least give some info before dying . 
  you must be russian . 
  they all live in sweden anyway . 
  well he is in a suit of armor so everything around his body is larger because of it . 
  hopefully my refund money comes before end of the sale , then i might get 1404/dod . 
  why ca n't they just remove that god damn drm from 2070 , it would definitely increase the sales . 
  it 's still kinda only important to keep food and water near the power because loss of it will make your vaulteers weak . 
  other things you can live with if you loose some power for a bit of time . 
  in a modern world they might be quite taxing on working age people . 
  he was the pigeon . 
  that transition of emotions is perfect . 
  someone evil should make a reaction gif out of that . 
  so in literature no one even finishes the beer ? 
  i study math , we sometimes need several beers to understand what the hell we are reading . 
  thanks !, 
  i think op was drunk or high , he deleted all his messages on this post . 
  what if i ask if she knows when does narwhal bacon ? 
  so why stir up drama about nothing when if someone asks for demo you shy away for some reason ? 
  of course someone with that voice had to have this `` talent '' . 
  so what is the purpose of this post ? 
  taking the [ gdl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_duchy_of_lithuania ) back one step at a time . 
  for a moment i thought i will take my pants off . 
  they will be metal kittens !, 
  started playing shogun ii , pretty fun game in the series too . 
  though the accent of all the dialogues and stuff can get pretty annoying . 
  sex might get interesting on it . 
  tentacle girl , best girl ? 
  / r/theonion + nottheonion, 
  this is an interesting thing to surf . 
  soap bubble freezing and then someone blew on it . 
  heck i die on cache a main from person on catwalk/heaven , tell the teammate `` he is heaven '' , then i hear big sploosh ( he jumped down to forklift , it pretty close to him and loud ) . 
  my teammate - 0 reaction to that , still looking heaven . . 
  i thought that it was a feature , not a bug .
