  there is nothing wrong about hell , look what kind of people are `` going to hell because of what they are doing '' and it looks like party for me, 
  time until you learn to walk is easiest . 
  expenditures are not the fucking reason why its high . 
  its not common courtesy , common courtesy is covering instead of spreading germs into air . 
  if you had that hair would you be concerned ? 
  it would not be too bad even if it was 10-20 years ago . 
  oh what a prank , he would just need to use some leg muscles to jump . 
  well if it was for cancer checkup you could always do it with a blood test . 
  thats how it all started , they evolved for tens of thousands of years and invented time travel to go back and take over the human race < puts on tinfoil hat  they are everywhere !, 
  yep everyone will see how shitty movie it is and tell everyone else , movie theaters will be full . 
  tell that to brits . 
  lead in everything anyone ? 
  he opened the door and saw heisenberg , because he is the one who knocks . 
  ca n't wait to see him in flux buddies . 
  galaxy s5 now with twice the explosion power !, 
  do n't know why you are being downvoted for not liking something , but yea , for people who prefer sips style of minecraft as opposed to kim and duncans it could be a good chance to check it out . 
  he did n't say anything mean , he only stated that he will watch it because sips is coming over . . 
  well there is nothing bad with that . 
  looks similar but i do n't remember that happening . 
  a lot of uni students know that going to donate blood is not for a good cause , its so that you could get drunk cheaper . 
  is this the one where they went apeshit and started hunting each other ? 
  will check it out to remember , memories of gantz are always clouded since how it differed in manga / anime / live action movies . 
  well what you get is very different depending on where you live , we only got tea and small sandwiches . 
  would not call that a breakfast . 
  i would have preferred that instead of cheap tea and bad sandwiches . 
  real juice or orange drink ( have to ask since its america ) ? 
  well knowing how , not so long , they live i think even that would not help . 
  wow i really hope that 's not true , but damn i 'm pretty sure it is ... 
  when you think about , there must be people who can pull out the exact episode number out of memory because of watching friends ten times . 
  and most of readers agree with that , stephen king has a lot of problems with ending his books . 
  i 've head about his part in 11/22/63 ( though could n't find anything in joe 's wiki about it ) . 
  he should have ended some of the books half way through if that was the case . 
  same thing in lithuania . 
  well they have to balance out global warming somehow . . 
  climate change is a bit op . 
  he gets 2000 calories just from breathing around them . 
  * alerminaty, 
  yep , my migraine just wants to thank them . 
  to be honest , i do n't think he would need to do much running . 
  its not like much things would help , i 'm better off just doing something instead of laying down and still suffering relatively same pain . 
  solution to world hunger # 1 . 
  yep snowpiercer was a fun movie . 
  i think she knew he is about to cry and that 's why she ran out , there 's whole thing about not wanting to see your father crying/vulnurable, 
  even on realistic scale this is not a big thing . 
  egypt ? 
  does 1.2.3 and 1.2.4 add a lot of things ? 
  also he is a celebrity , a lot of people know who conan is . 
  thorix more like . 
  why would you want to return when you reach success ? 
  he wanted to know where he could find success , not random ancient stairs !, 
  desperate , with no hope left , they will seek revenge on giant hairless monkeys . 
  well i guess you succeeded , do n't know at what , but you succeeded . 
  interesting time to post winter soldier reference . 
  thai food is actually fairly popular as far as i know . 
  there usually tends to be problems with teleportation between dimensions , so they might not be able to make a spell which would send someone to space station . 
  for fucks sake , i actually laughed at this ... 
  wow i just realized , i think i actually never saw blade runner . . 
  mosaic does the opposite . 
  that actually makes things harder , fame is a tough thing , winning is not always fun . 
  took a while to notice its 3d glasses . . 
  that 's actually pretty cool , and saving time = / = lazy . 
  well i think he was recycled . 
  oh robot lawnmowers are not anything new , but this one seems to be pretty ergonomic and has a decent waste disposal system . 
  he did n't attack yogscast in any way , he just pointed out issues provided by the model they are doing yogsdiscovery . 
  he was not criticizing normal way of sponsoring content . 
  well at least its not australia and there are no dropbears , though angry kiwi birds would be scary . 
  so even though 4 ( iirc ) max slots in hideout does n't mean you are locked out with leveling all the masters and getting their shops when you meet them or you can only trade with the ones you added to hideout ? 
  people like you have all the fun , not knowing sounds fun . 
  yep , a lot of action . 
  wow even if you mute the video she still looks dumb . 
  and for my next trick i will prove that god exists with a simple scientific device known as bible . 
  yea , im usually very agnostic , but this debate made me cringe . 
  there is a whole story in my family friends circle where one guy applied to a job which needs it ( do n't fully remember if it was mandarin ) and he did n't know , then they did n't actually test it and he got accepted . 
  after few weeks he had a situation where he would need it and he told to the manager he can speak it . 
  do n't remember how , but he did n't get fired and got transferred to different position . 
  repost bot strikes and misses . 
  was the water boiling hot or something ? 
  things can create memories , the best advice is live how you want and do what you want as long as you do n't cause harm to others . 
  op was so afraid he had to create throwaway to post this . . 
  well not in this video . . 
  i guess someone had to take a side job to pay the bills . 
  could you upload the time series data somewhere ? 
  but you do n't really need to go into the game to know how your build will work , you can easily theorycraft the tree because all you need to know is the path to take to the keystones you want and minmax the nodes you need to use to get to there . 
  if i recall correctly you were able to download the new tree before the last bigger tree reset . 
  based on his downvotes he is probably a true rebel reddit does n't need . 
  to use a great thing like reddit where you literally can get help in learning anything you want just to mock around sounds like counter-intuitive . 
  i have no idea what you are trying to say . 
  damn , the guy is going to get quite a few comments . 
  wow did n't know those `` eye tattoos '' were permanent . 
  that makes this a bit insane . 
  though a lot of body mods look insane for me , though i have nothing against people who enjoy things like that . 
  i usually give exact change also , i just hate carrying around a lot of coins . 
  though i usually use self checkout lines if they are there and dump all the coins i have into them . 
  the biggest problem with this system is that it does n't work , it blocks a lot of videos where there are no copyright infringements . 
  by grand scheme of things you mean 14 billion years ? 
  `` there is golf course tho ! '', 
  oh now i hope chilly wowas branch out into one of the 3 space stations . 
  rng is based on distribution , be it normal , geometric , bernoully , poisson or what ever you choose . 
  still laughed so who cares ? 
  every rule has an exception .
