  `` you need help ? 
  having trouble with dark side ? 
  call now 220-yoda and get a discounted lessions in using the force '', 
  sorry at work , cant read full article , but will it affect its neighbour countries ? 
  just maybe not as creepy . 
  does reddit karma count ? 
  wasnt this game a clone of some older one , with same features just different graphics ? 
  i almost lol ` ed , and im at work , would be hard to explain why i am laughting . 
  can confirm , lituanians call them the same . 
  though not much confusion there . 
  anyway , i dont really like pomegranates , they seem to be a lot of work to consume . 
  yea i picked the game up this weekend , and imediately i saw that my nation is in there so i started as lithuania ( one of the larger countries at start date ) , but then i accepted aliances from neighbours ( i guess you dont want to accept it unless you have a mission ) and they forced me into wars with others , it was fine and i didint really get attacked . 
  but then i got a mission to conquer a region i have claim on and every time i play it goes downwards from that point , i usually am able to take it but then i start not to gain any manpower and forced to buy mercs . 
  but even with that i always get plumeted by them . 
  so should i just not do the missions related with doing that ? 
  also since its a very large nation and at the time historically there was a lot of problems because of that it is the same in the game , rebel risk keeps rising and i end up needing to spend points to stop them . 
  jeez , so i will have to go and repost to be super sayan after ascension ? 
  cant watch youtube at work , whats in the video ? 
  is it from wrestlemania ? 
  well then inductively next step is heads in a jar ? 
  what makes you you , a cognitive creature , is your brain , so i guess that would be the reasonable limit . 
  well i guess there will always be this way to be recorded in history , if all else fails . 
  with metal coating ? 
  what about choosing england ? 
  i am very interested in naval exploration , and just dont want to choose portugal as its always suggested . 
  i thought raw was also ppv ? 
  well i have a pretty decent amount of mathematical knowledge ( econometrics student ) but if you asked me when ww2/ww1 started , i would probably be off by couple of years . . 
  yep you can always bet that one redditor will make a penis post in mostly any topic . 
  til there is military channel . 
  but ww2 started in 1939 , i always make the mistake in calling 1940 ( or if you include japan war 1937 , source - wiki ) . 
  but it doesnt matter when the americans joined , war was already happening full blown . . 
  poor poland ? 
  they always are mentioned , but their smaller neighbours are being forgotten . 
  yra talking about kings . . lithuania few years in gets child king and cant even start wars ... what about allies , do i accept most of them or do i wait , since if they start the war i will either have to loose prestige or go to unnecesary wars . 
  well what about eu series ? 
  they are still popular and leading the way in the harder strategy games . 
  im also european , an no . . not everything is free . . unless you are a pirate . 
  well with lithuania , alliance with poland is pretty much a must as you can attatch them to your country when they agree to do so eventually . 
  but its a long way getting to that , and without any ports its complicated to manage economy . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  you can get raw with cable channels which airs it . . 
  a lot of them do ... 
  either you are incapable of searching or you are just blowing thing out of your ass in sake of an argument . 
  or you might be living in a country where there are no cable companies or you cant get satelite dishes . 
  heck these days most of internet providers will give you offer to get tv channels with it . . 
  i just cant harm riga , latvians are our brothers , but when i tried to get livonians they usually have a lot of allies and they just crush me after initial taking . 
  but im just probably rushin into wars too soon , wars are complicated in this game . 
  and lithuania can creat commonwealth union with poland which esentially give you access to its regions . 
  well ill try , though when do i start wars , do i need to have certain number of troops ? 
  as after i start it it becomes expensive to rebuild the army since manpower goes down . 
  and mercs cost a lot . 
  of course . lt is angry , there is a lot of incentive for russia to harm us and they have been doing it for few years already , now that they wount build atomic reactro in kaliningrad , they are going to have serious energy problems out there and since lithuania is trying to cut as much energetic ties from russia as possible they are the ones who started getting buthurt and doing illegal economical manipulations to hurt us as much as they can without getting too much attention . 
  the who let them out . . 
  thats only instructions how to reassemble after it explodes . 
  send him to australia . 
  we need it reversed !, 
  nothing impressive , especially if you only wearing them for work . 
  well he was under pressure . 
  quick someone , reverse it , and feed on free karma . 
  what is cross fit ? 
  too lazy to google on my old phone . . 
  im not entirely sure how much it costs in dollars but i would like transistor : http://store.steampowered.com/app/237930/?snr=1_4_4__104_4 . 
  welp , not i know how to test is its safe to use someone else toothbrush !, 
  what about missing episodes ? 
  huh wait . . is he in this season of mentalist ? 
  well i guess that explains the time he needs to write a book with 1000 pages . 
  no . . you only give yourself handjobs ... 
  unless its something more impressive ? 
  launcher does the allocation for him . 
  and his pc should handle dym lights . 
  well you can try mekansim , it would be similar to the other tech mods . 
  nilesy sleeps until midnight because he is a vampire , so it would be tough for him to visit often . 
  there are episodes which are lost forever after bbc messed with their archives . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doctor_who_missing_episodes is it hard to make sure ? 
  stephen king also wrote a great book about jfk assassination . 
  fucking res , thanks a lot for this picture ... 
  at that speed i dont think it is . 
  source : as a kid i didint know how it works so i jumped on a fast running one , it hurt quite a bit . 
  yep its way more fun when person cant figure out an easy word than an obviously hard one . 
  lol , never heard this one , this phrase is useful , thanks . 
  fuck i laughed so hard my migraine started . . 
  not really , you just knew what would happen . 
  idk , he wasnt that great in mentalist , probably not much his fault , but still , him being in a show = / = he will have an interesting character . 
  wow this is advanced version , it says 45 seconds instead of minute !, 
  not really , but it still requires more time to make it . 
  thing like this would be great in offices . 
  birds like having shiny , especially if its not his . 
  dumbledore dies also . 
  that very large temperature is usually case sensor , i dont fully know why but its nothing to worry about probably . 
  well we know that people coming back from dead is possible , but it will not happen , it would deviate from books too much . 
  you criminal sympathizer !, 
  i dont think there is even a chart for those skills . 
  i do n't think those spikes would prevent those 3 things , its so that no one would lie down . 
  but yeah , these things are to divert homeless to the shelters , though they could add some info near there for them too . 
  screw it , antagonize both of them and give them a common foe . 
  looks more like cumcakes . . 
  well she can now just throw it at his door , he did not forbid that . 
  seems like she is paying them for a lesson . 
  i dont get it , what does this have to do with topic ? 
  well random drunk people will pee anywhere though .
