  4chan is fairly sane compared to reddit . 
  risk of rain, 
  shittysoft, 
  eh sorry mate , not today . 
  the whole uplay is not that bad , but if you care so much then far cry are ubi games . 
  i just dont am not the person who buys the cards so i get them through normal ways , and there is nothing to buy this day . 
  you forget that you also are contributing if you craft other badges , that might be cheaper if you are just going for participation ( it becomes even cheaper since you get 1 summer sale card at the end of the day if you contribute which is 50c back ), 
  well the point of the game is for valve to generate more profit , you think they are doing sales and games just so that you could benefit ? 
  if its random it shouldnt be happening . 
  its because main crafters joined it and teams became irrelevant . 
  meanwhile green camp is busy playing blackjack and doing funny business with hookers . 
  pixel piracy, 
   eddited to change game after i 've seen some videos of it i think this game is what i really want ( i love anything about pirates ), 
  probably , still would need some luck , but if you want it and you are at the right place with some effort you can accomplish that , where summer sale thingy is based on where the rich crafters go and weather you then get randomly selected . 
  yea , you buy the team token and you can switch the boats . 
  f you , stop being mean to us !, 
  so what explosives did they use ? 
  a batch of he tnts ? 
  yep , he bet a dollar on the game . 
  risk of rain, 
  how many times do we need to post the same video ? 
  you would think that someone would have made this novelty account earlier . . 
  dishonored . 
  also maybe skyrim le , ive got base game on launch from local e-shop and its ru version so im not sure if i can buy le and add it or any expansions . 
  yea toxic players are so sad . . 
  here 's my story , i 've been nova 2-3 for some time but then i got new rig and sensitivity got messed up , so since i could n't get it to where it used to be i decided to get it way lower than i am comfortable with ( still high , but i 'm wrist player ) and that resulted in my reflexes being out of order so i 've got dropped to silver down to iv and got stuck here for few weeks already . . 
  i do n't mind silver problems and their simple mistakes which do n't happen in early gold ( no matter what people say there is a clear difference ) , but the toxic players is what really demotivating me from playing and destroys the enjoyment of the game . . 
  ok so as far as i understand first day most of 100lvls went to purple and started crafting like hell , that increased their lead and that increased price of switching to purple so the purple tokens they had got valuable . 
  red was the last team yesterday so their token was cheapest as no one wanted to join red , but because it was cheap crafters bought a lot of them and switched to red team and started crafting there therefore rising price of the tokens they have . 
  knowing that the top people from purple is probably at red , its just an dictatorship . 
  thats actually his clone so that they could continue doing indiana jones films + so that they could do star wars prequels . 
  hi , i would like antichamber , pretty much because it has an interesting unusual concept and i like artsy games . 
  753 , thanks for chance !, 
  those who contribute points *, 
  as a statistician i find these representations of data ... i do n't even know . . 
  and let someone else post the other one ? 
  im not that nice . 
  well i find that like in most team games ( lol , dota2 . . ) the thing what matters the most is the time you chose to play , i found that if i play at times when less kids ( sorry to be mean , but they sometimes are so obnoxious ) i usually win 80 % games , the problem is that i do n't fully understand the timings ( night games works best ) . 
  well judging from the username she probably does . 
  the rule is dont buy it if its not on daily deal or flash sale . 
  or she might have just been not cut for the job . 
  for me it also lagged by a day but eventually showed up in inventory . 
  might be just something with keys . 
  679 , thanks for a chance . 
  yes but that will say to the publishers that drm does n't hinder the sales and it will continue being added and people , who do n't know how/don ' t want to crack it , will be punished . 
  by putting fucking quality regulations to software industry , the misinformation and all other otherwise illegal things are rampant in gaming/software industry because everyone is fighting inside the bubble to squeeze as much profit as they can until it eventually will crash . 
  i 'm voting because of risk of rain , im not fully sure if i will get it as i didint read any suggestions about it , but i have 4euros to spend and i think that this game might be worth to get if what i read attracts me . 
  meh ill wait for autumn for better deal on transistor , got enough on my plate with games and i can mostly afford under 5euros now . 
  yes you can spew that answer to anything , its an easy way to say `` everything is corrupt so i will do nothing '' , generation change is happening for quite some time and people like you mentioned is disappearing to obscurity , you want change ? 
  than stop sitting on your fat american ass and just ranting ignorance . 
  geographically maybe , ideologically probably you are more similar to an american than european / asian . 
  sorry for ranting though , didi n't want to attack you or anything , migraine makes me agitated . 
  who knows , maybe in the most crucial moment of our life this conversation will decide weather we live or not !, 
  the crash of the system would affect all of the developers , when bubbles crash usually in the industry there are no winners , only those who lose less . 
  a channel where every science show narrated by morgan freeman , and every nature show narrated by liam neeson . 
  risk of rain also should have been cheaper , its probably just an update bug , it happened yesterday so just wait . 
  well nether is not even available for me . . 
  gandhi , because of civ5 . 
  if only . . 
  clearly a serial killer , would n't use that bathroom if i were you . 
  well they are not inside the town , so there was no need to be carefull . 
  good luck , have fun . 
  this fucking kid . . 
  he knows what life is about . 
  that 's how reposts work , get a better timing than original = profit . 
  yep , scissors in the same drawer he gets his can opener from . 
  there are far more problems than city size , the whole simulation from ground up is just so dumbed down and terrible . 
  the word . . 
  wow that looked impressive . 
  just like a tiny pillow blown up . 
  you can be retarded and still know what life is about . 
  thats if you actually can use netflix . 
  well skyrim definitely will be on the last day sale , now its with its normal discount not the daily deal/flash sale so it will get cheaper . 
  same goes for fc3 , and do n't know about dark souls . 
  ok i have problem with bash , i do everything as you wrote but in the overwrite there is nothing . 
  there is only a bashed patch ,0 in the modlist . 
  yea already thought so , im just tired today . 
  about mods , do i just add the step core mods and launch or do i need to do something more ? 
  well im mainly interested in mods which increase the graphical fidelity ( got r9 280x card ) as im returning to skyrim after 2 year break and just got the dlcs . 
  i love you too . 
  yea im leaving enb for tomorrow , i dont fully understand it and need to do quite some reading on what it is . 
  ok , thanks for help . 
  i wonder how much i can squeeze out of my gpu . 
  though my monitor is not 1080p . 
  1600x1052 or smth , radeon r9 280x 3gb vram , 8gb ddr3 ram . 
  well i added most of the recommended mods from realvision enb thread , though i didint like how dark enhanced lights and fx is so i went with realistic light overhaul , also didint like some of the grass mods so disabled them . 
  everything pretty ok , running 30 ~ 40 fps so might reduce some of mods here and there . 
  added also sky ui and random start mods , and now im thinking about getting a better map because default one is a bit annoying . 
  yep got that , though does the dlc add any new zones , map seems the same as old one , do i need to unlock something to see new zones ? 
  ok , thanks . 
  now im thinking installing interesting npcs mod , though im still doubtful as im scared it would break original skyrim experience . 
  2 years ago , without the dlcs . 
  thanks !, 
  one , not sure how i would manage the savefiles for a lot of them . 
  im a bit offtopic but , i was thinking about going for brotherhood quest at this moment but i am leveling heavy armor 1h sword + destruction build ( i know its bad but w/e ) and i was wondering if i will be able to do the brotherhood quests with it ? 
  yea i know , i finished the main game quite extensively 2 years ago , now got back to play again + have dlc . 
  also was wondering , is there any downsides with going for vampire side on downguard ? 
  yea i was looking up controllers to play dark souls and brothers , but xbox 360 one is ~ 40 dollars here ( ordering usually costs similar with shipping price to lithuania ) , are there any good alternatives for lower price ? 
  the shipping price , as i said , usually rises the price quite a lot for my country at places like amazon/ebay . 
  its so dumb , i had to read it 3 times to make sure i understood it correctly .
