  ah that guy from lord of the rings . 
  that 's more like it !, 
  now i want this repeated 100 times to see if there is correlation between starting position and finish . 
  are n't we all jay garrick deep in our hearts ? 
  nah they offered them for a big price for those few days . 
  limiting the supply so that they could increase the price . 
  til til means today i learned . 
  yea but maybe , just maybe , it was too late and not worth deleting it and screwing over people who are already having discussions ? 
  by today you mean almost 40 years ago ? 
  it 's harvard reunion , who wants to go and see everyone bragging about what they accomplished ? 
  well he is not wrong . . 
  trains are extremely heavy , and the only reason they are so efficient is because moving someone on flat surface takes relatively little energy . 
  well sjin is created by disney ^ ^ tm so they will still be connected . 
  this is one of the cases where calling the kids monkeys is totally reasonable . 
  if it was liquid it would be far from over . 
  not to mention that he and snark would have been good friends before becoming cold and flash . 
  i 'm sticking with my mistake because he is snarky . 
  yeah i liked that version of lex more than clark . 
  and again part of me really hopes they invented some magic whatever which makes it possible and real . 
  i know it is not going to happen . . 
  wait till you find out that lamborghini is also a large lawn mower maker . 
  for an european , these primaries are weird . 
  since earth is only 6000 years old ( japan is obviously older than earth ) that would mean it would take less time ? 
  because it is . 
  reminds me of my ex . 
  i admit i once slipped like that when i preordered simcity . 
  i maybe could if i could , but i never would , because i am a lazy fuck and this seems like too much work . . 
  i really want to learn eu4 , but damn . . 
  it will be on my play queue for quite a bit until i find that i have no filler material in my life . 
  hail corporate !, 
  guys do you think he knows he is an ad ? 
  looks like you raise your donger quite a lot . 
  if this was real then military would not allow it to be public . 
  that is irrelevant . 
  oh , sips and lewis are starting their honeymoon ? 
  you probably can . 
  there must be reasons why he ca n't figure it out at that age . 
  meh you usually can clean up while cooking without increasing time spent . 
  let 's have a pint in your honor !, 
  sure , it is called licking it . 
  if only they never grew up . 
  yea once you invent time travel it becomes pretty easy . 
  hopefully the kit will be out soon . 
  ah , fellow pizza eater . 
  make him cross universes and fight cosmic spider-man . 
  how is that different from ordering from a restaurant ? 
  i really want them to do full playtrough . 
  i was dying out of laughter . 
  have you tried putting that box on ? 
  maybe it is new design they are testing . 
  fuck , i 'd love being as strong as the guy on the very bottom . 
  reddit is going on . 
  most exciting would be to play one in a large field . 
  they are just copying greece . 
  i imagine there will be shia surprise and a cannibal will be living on that island . 
  i mean , how do you even pitch an idea like this to producers ? 
  will it disappear from my iphone ? 
  luckily it is not targeted personally at you . 
  $ 800 could probably get you triple monitor setup . 
  thanks !, 
  144ghz monitor ? 
  that would be insane . 
  to be honest , for a women that would be the safest place to hide something because of how awkward these checks can be . 
   these channels all band together, 
  good luck with that . 
  name him uno solo . 
  how hard would have it been to make nope appear as he nopes out ? 
  at least you can attach safety harness to that thin cable . 
  op just blew himself . 
  yeah monkeys were popular in soviet countries . 
  a lot of people who went to work to african countries used to smuggle monkeys back . 
  my grandparents were at least smart enough not to do that , most of what you have to deal with is not as cute as in this video . 
  `` well i guess i 'll be gorilla 's wife now '', 
  imagine playing amnesia with vr . 
  you realize its hz not ghz ? 
  yeah , wearing nazi uniforms too soon . 
  i bet he read some bullshit social engineering book where it said that if you touch someone a lot they will start liking you more . 
  `` look at all these things you ca n't have ! '', 
  so you are saying , there is a chance ? 
  at least asymptotically . 
  yeah , one of those people who i would love to hang out with . 
  even tough i do n't like wrestling . 
  yeah i also found that vitamins make me feel better , though i might not eat a full diet ( i do n't like tomatoes for example ) . 
  about your second paragraph , does it mean that people get automatically compensated after flood or terrorist attack if their property is damaged ? 
  or are there some pre-steps needed ? 
  yeah , that guy is imitating me . 
  this whole setting was always very weird to me . 
  can someone translate the tl : dr of this ? 
  i have been waiting for it for centuries . 
  high-rise motherfucker !, 
  i do not understand how that correlates to you not eating them . 
  maybe he is the scout ? 
  we probably have a bit more free time when we do n't start a family early . 
  yea but my comment does not say that those 2 things are incompatible . 
  i 'm only stating that it might be a big factor towards explaining this trend . 
  best thermal paste . 
  well not all of us have first kiss with a bat . 
  stop bragging . 
  pff , did not even hit the bullseye . 
  earth surface is majority water , also less risk if anything goes wrong aand it is way easier to scale the number of rockets this way .
