  get a room you two love birds . 
  some people browse / r/all, 
  fight 15people while masturbating is the next step for you then mate . 
  is that a wig ? 
  yea i hate new year parties and prefer being home alone , but still ... 
  yep use `` pussy destructor 3000 '', 
  are you sure ? 
  seems like 100 % makeup to me . 
  you know ww3 starts at around july 7th ? 
  you sir are master manipulator , well played . 
  exactly , ant its pretty predictable spoiler with all these economic trends , world politics state and craziness of the society . 
  well honestly , if i had no plans , i wouldnt mind having some fun dogs . 
  well im glad some1 did . 
  no its for 3000 horse power . 
  no way i would get gold for upvoting something ... 
  because asians dont really have much of tradition in chess , they have their own games . 
  why is all the similar stories always about rednecks , america is strange and scary place to go to . 
  and next son named iraq , you know , after the war . 
  saints row 4, 
  have you tried unicorn tears ? 
  have heard siberia has the deported unicorns from europe . 
  surely putin has some hidden away and using them to gain eternal youth . 
  [ 5 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 27 ] , thanks and good luck for other entrants . 
  gameplay challange : make every town hostile towards you /, 
  ci anyone ? 
  there are tons of things which alters your character significantly . 
  you can easily work your way throgh whole game without trading , you just need to play smart and know what you are doing . 
  if you are still learning than go to standard leagues and learn . 
  i bet it can kill 100 people . 
  thats what dystopian apocalypse is all about ,, 
  poor guy , he needs real psychological help . . ( also a plastic surgeon now probably ), 
  it sometimes takes some time to realize you are being trolled . 
  ( i know i wrote sometimes and some time one after another , i should feel stupid ), 
  why would they be coming now ? 
  they are there from the start . 
  i meant dystopian, 
  not many 16 year olds have bank accounts . 
  there are those fake eggs so maybe thats why , and you know food packaging regulations and stuff . 
  this is even too good for a porn name . 
  wow thats a first time i see tribal scarring art so intense . 
  try grabbing an axe and shouting `` here 's johnny '', 
  no 1 says he was working , saving for an ipod probably would take faster with job . 
  put computer in the oven and heat for 3hr , thats basically the same as end task function . 
  but when someone asks a wish you get stuck in a bottle . 
  but the person which you use that on knows it . 
  i want to be able to learn everything whats written in a book just by touching it whenever i want to . 
  i dont understand ? 
  but only naked . 
  ( not sure if this ok in rules ), 
  that does n't really make it that harder . 
  thats what ive wrote . 
  yes , all of them . 
  couple of billions in stocks and promissory notes . 
  well hitmen also get money , so yea . . 
  that first bath/pool scene ... 
  are you sure its a beach ? 
  cant seem to see any of it so i presume you are a liar !, 
  thats a pretty ignorant view based upon one genre section of anime ... its similar to judging literature based on kids books and erotic novels only . 
  that would be a pretty odd decapitation ... 
  i thought it was that but it sounded a bit weird , thanks . 
  it was here before vine . 
  yep , one of those so old that it isnt funny anymore . 
  i think that there was broken arms involved . 
  the op is a wildling . 
  you kno nothin sudest brewer, 
  even for a total stranger thats a bit scarring . 
  you mean his `` girlfriend '' he stalks and does his thing while watching her . 
  he has a wife , he cant be nights watch . 
  how fast does that happen ? 
  and is it just a scar , how did the henna get out of his system ? 
  it really rude to call me a thief ... im a pirate not a thief, 
  finish him !, 
  op waiting to cash out karma on making new post not a comment which some1 would copy . 
  isnt that when happy ending comes ? 
  dont think this will get responded to . 
  exactly , does n't arm hair , pubic hair and etc has a limit on how long they grow , so it has to know somehow if it has been cut . 
  from ? 
  i almost remember the lines by reading it one time , and i will forget it in 5mins . 
  thats my opinion . 
  sounds like a plotline for his new movie . 
  thought it was miyazaki , have his pack up in my to watch asap list , but finals does n't leave enough time for marathon it . 
  yea i wanted to be sure , i have it on my list for some time already . 
  i need to start counting how many people already replied with the name :d, 
  i know its great , thats why im keeping in my list for when i can fully focus on it . 
  i think he would be great for intro to age of ultron . 
  its because of the surgery performed on his heart and stuff , the brain robot was just altering his memories if i understand correctly . 
  i feel superior to you because im not a tumbleweed . 
  what makes me unable to exist ? 
  after some studying for finals its also what i needed . 
  thats not creepy at all , no no no ... 
  i bet he is peeing . 
  what is so hard about saying no ? 
  its very important to know how to say no . . 
  sorry only americans can be free , therefore if we want to see full content from other places we have to live in us . 
  lol what ? 
  well im white which is more of a color than black if we talking in physics, 
  you should feel bad as you are lower than 41 other tumbleweeds . 
  a story of start-up business profit . 
  what if he refers himself as his brother to push the embarrassment off himself . 
  its too hard to believe that such stupidity could exist especially with such following .
