  brackets when i was silver . . 
  the problem lies in writers and overall casting , not only michael bay doing michael bay things . 
  no time to read on phone , but it might be a theoretical prediction with taking humans out of equation . 
  look at how much carbon was underground from all the animals and plants which died over millions of years , it does n't just come from nowhere , so it must have come from atmosphere and the only way it would get back into air is through fire and maybe vulcanos ? 
  holy fuck , how could i forget that limestone has a lot of carbon . . 
  this is one of my favorite videos from past few months , whenever i feel down i watch/listen to this and i feel better . 
  reddit gold is what is most important in life . 
  that , and coffee . 
  his hair ? 
  sorry do n't know this reference . 
  once i saw the title i already knew this will be bs , and then it confirmed it when i went in . 
  like these are just random things writer could find good pictures of . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are countless number of things which could be in a list like that and still be more expensive than most things in the article . 
  pretty much what i expected , even without seeing it . 
  better than most firework shows . 
  is n't wow designed to be a good themepark for kids ? 
  sure its addictive if you do n't have self control , but that will happen with most games . 
  i liked the new purge way better . 
  whats next ? 
  10 hours walking in lol as a jungler ? 
  he drew a dickbutt , so its kinda the same . 
  heck even while being nova2 i sometimes drop gun to a teammate and use five-seven . 
  usually i can do well enough since its my favorite weapon , and it gives a chance for teammate who would struggle with pistol on that round . 
  i would not call myself better than average though . 
  my gameplay is like a roller-coaster . 
  nova is not that different from silver mate , stupid things happen all the time . 
  just try to ignore it and enjoy those great games where everyone is having good time . 
  would n't have time to play like that , i know that that would help . 
  you ca n't even miss the intrigues since you keep getting notifications . 
  and it seems like you only need to counter for few times and ai will quit trying . 
  it sometimes needs some time , launch be and wait for 5mins + , somehow mods dl is glitchy in be . 
  and i thought thats what made my mods work , i guess i got just lucky after 10 re-lauches and re-subscribes . 
  yep , pretty much anything i saw in silver happens in novas . 
  johnny depp , probably because i like weird people . 
  normal weird , not reddit weird . 
  that weird needs to have a new term invented . 
  that 's like +100 or -100 i 'm not sure . 
  i abandoned : / i wonder if the timeout was the only penalty since i just got to nova3 :(, 
  close enough , source - i 'm european . 
  which war ? 
  and why would i care about your and brits war ? 
  europe has few more countries than gb . 
  and how do we know you actually talk with him ? 
  that is no proof . 
  damn i did n't even think that destiny is just an early access game . 
  dude , just do n't get angry . 
  bruce banner could help you . 
  also do n't forget blindly rushing into awp when he already got 2 kills . 
  because most of complains are from traders who have hundreds of copies and will lose quite a bit of profit on this . 
  kids these days will never know how fun is old ut . 
  `` alfred , can you teach me how to fight ? '', 
  omg omg omg, 
  no silly , alfred is batman . . 
  countless of reasons , and this video is not really a good evidence . 
  report and hope overwatch will be correct in judging . 
  then report and he will get banned , something as obvious as that will definitely not pass overwatch . 
  if you go lower , one shot will just wreck through the map and kill everyone , just make sure you face away from teammates . 
  well gaben read his complaint and fixed the issue , the all seeing god . 
  are sg/aug bad weapons ? 
  i really enjoy playing with sg and i wonder if its a bad habbit ? 
  well tbh , pretty much every match in silver/nova someone gets called a cheater , so i guess if someone is ignorant he might take it as a fact and try to use it as an excuse . 
  i use sg quite a lot , because most of the times i can run fast to position myself and get a kill , with ak its far harder to do early picks for me . 
  but yea , if i cant afford at least 2 nades i go for ak . 
  what i learned is to never underestimate human stupidity . 
  what good comics should i read where constantine crossovers with other dc comics ? 
  remember remember the fifth of november, 
  old memes , same comments and bad plot . 
  i guess you will have to send 18 gifts . 
  as someone who never played on 128t servers , what would feel differently if it was adopted into mm ? 
  sounds cool , though i 'm probably not good enough to feel much difference , but still it would help me be better . 
  i thought they were controlled by chinese prisoners ? 
  well in probably this month ( + - 1 week ) i got from sem to nova3 , and i should hit nova4 pretty soon . 
  its not impossible , so you might be slightly not good enough or you could be unlucky . 
  just practice more and do n't worry about rank . 
  also you can maximize your probability by playing at evenings since i feel like there are far less percentage of trolls during that time . 
  you could also try to add people to friends list whenever you find people who are decent , and play with them . 
  turps will decide who will win . 
  yes you can , because there is bigger probability that enemy has teammates like that than you . 
  just play and ignore that , i was silver a month ago , now i 'm nova3 . 
  shitty temmates happens in probably every rank you will have , the key point is to be calm and if he does not listen , then focus on the game and not him . 
  pounds suggests its gb . 
  wow , i knew it was expensive but that expensive ? 
  and it still will have that crappy buy maps system . . 
  well true , you ca n't drop frames when game is super cinematic . 
  god damn snorlax did n't get enough sleep . 
  take it as an criticism , read comments and improve . 
  how much time you spend of things does not mean how good the content is . 
  he got butt plug . 
  well maybe someones internet speed is 20 millibytes/s, 
  i guess i 'm one of those few who enjoy seeing masks and it does n't affect me negatively in any way . 
  they do n't do big things on cs because that would be too much risk in a game where precision is important in most parts of it . 
  adding new items and shit tend to always unbalance a game , like look how well cz went . 
  just like all the ninja defuses in silver/nova . . 
  strange , the only issue with masks i saw was that they sometimes get bugged and drop down at feet level . 
  and what do you expect us to say ? 
  we have no proof of anything and just your words on a throwaway account . . 
  pretty much , if i see someone start tapping teammates and do it several times i will click as it was griefing . . 
  we have skins for that reason . . 
  yes you can , and that 's why it 's sometimes a decent thing to report enemy if he is clearly griefing . 
  do some push-ups/sit-ups before every match , helps to concentrate later .
