  so someone found it and had no idea it was special ? 
  / r/nokia3310materrace, 
  like a lot of people hate these videos , but i personally found at least a few new youtubers to subscribe to because of this notsofine bros fiasco . 
  [ removed ] \u2122, 
  sorry , sarcasm is banned . 
  you ca n't trademark something illegal . 
  you know what guys , i trademarked \u2122 ^ \u2122 trademark \u2122 ^ \u2122 , gg wp . 
  yea but usually the world needs reckless dickheads . 
  rises morale in battle . 
  member of pcmr obviously . 
  really considered clicking that , but the fact that you shortened link even though you formatted it , shows that it is probably a trap . 
  that would make it more interesting . 
  as an european , i would take subtitles over dubbing 100 % of the time . 
  or some hot dogs . 
  amd decided to add fusion reactors to their cards to lower power consumption . 
  yea it was so satisfying , hopefully one day the smart tv will fact check the news live . 
  because a lot of the times there is no one to call out the bullshit which is spewed . 
  not sure if sarcasm . . 
  how does the cat react to strangers ? 
  no , op is dumb enough to not know that a blind cat will not see laser pointer ... ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  latency is not an issue in 99 % of use . 
  will work well as a weapon to acquire a 5g phone . 
  i always wondered how it would look if you threw a large amount into water . 
  i love this guy who replied to you !, 
  well this was pretty entertaining and a bit of a change from recent rants about same topic . 
  nah you got it completely wrong , the card will be used for vr porn . 
  well i used to watch him and he always seemed like a reasonable person , so i did not expect him to say something very pro finebros , expected a bit more devils advocate side in additional to what he said , but i guess he did not want to get misunderstood . 
  probably because he is used to reporting on news on his channel/sourcefed . 
  heh never seen this , this was great !, 
  well it is pretty much in anything what has dubbing on tv . 
  i guess it is still hard to mute only character voices when dubbing ? 
  unless it was done by the producers . 
  yeah , i only saw that in animated movies . 
  one of the 100 rebel groups . 
  young people are too annoying , that 's why i say screw environment , i will be dead when it goes to shit !, 
  what stile he was covering it in ? 
  want to listen to more of similar genre songs . 
  are you seriously defending assad regime and comparing it to us government ? 
  instead he represses and kills his own people . 
  which is ok according to you . 
  i do n't live in us nor do i watch their media so this is a weird argument . 
  so if the whole world is agreeing on something ( even fucking china does ) and there are some small minority of state funded propaganda opposing it then it means that majority of the world is actually the ones who are wrong even though they consist of a large amount of independent sources ? 
  so seriosly just said that conversation is over and then you send pm with insults and suggesting me to go and die ? 
  very mature https://www.reddit.com/message/messages/4vo4pp, 
  well often you will see same comments because , shockingly , some people have same ideas !, 
  pretty sure in a lot of countries it is very easy to get into university/college and you do n't even need to pay . 
  especially in europe . 
  yea because it is probably more related to cultural things , it is not really seen good not to finish what you started just because you find something a bit tough . 
  admission rates will probably be similar between us and average eu country . 
  cs : go for example . 
  could you provide the sources instead of talking out of your ass . 
  because you take a lot of indexes like this http://thelearningcurve.pearson.com/index/index-ranking or http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2010/dec/07/world-education-rankings-maths-science-reading you will not find us in top1 . 
  woah lithuania was 8th in 2013 scores , pretty darn cool . 
  damn that hurt my brain . . 
  good luck creating feasible supply like that in short time and for reasonable costs . 
  currently renewable are still in too early of a stage to take over the supply , but nuclear could probably allow us to do that and it in some cases might be safer . 
  there is a reason why people do not use pure mean values for comparative data , we use indexes and adjusted data . 
  for example this http://hdr.undp.org/en/content/education-index would be your data but adjusted to make a bit more sense . 
  and at the same time the years of education tells little on how those years are translated into education quality . 
  so neither this index nor your pure mean will tell much about level of education, 
  edit :, 
  also that data you provided is very weird and probably inaccurate . 
  here i plotted log growth rates of this mean and you can see there are a lot of bumps of size which should not exist :, 
  ( usa in this case will be very close to zero . 
  biggest value was 0.032 from 1990 to 2000 which would approximately translate to 3.2 % ), 
  also bear in mind that provided data was from 1980\u00a01985\u00a01990\u00a02000 2005\u00a02006\u00a02007\u00a02008 2009\u00a02010\u00a02011\u00a02012 2013 so first few data points will be growth rate from those 5 or 10 years jump . 
  you were talking about level of education . 
  one of my favorite scene in that movie when i saw it as a kid , that and shower scene obviously . 
  say anything about the movie but this scene was very memorable . 
  heck , not only location but the train everything looks exactly the same as in the movie . 
  / s is for silvers . 
  calm down trump !, 
  damn i forgot about that , i really need to rewatch the movie since i liked it a lot when it came out ( though i was still a kid ) . 
  for some reason gore horror did nothing to me , i had more fright from x-files than from horror movies . 
  well good for you , what about the majority of countries which ca n't supplement national consumption with only hydro ? 
  i think mine is default . 
  and after more than a thousand hours i do n't think that changing it would be useful . 
  now i see why you are worried about cs : go having proper chat report case check . 
  `` go have a smoke and drink till you pass out like other kids outside ! '', 
  never crossed my mind . 
  i guess i am playing total war today . 
  an average squirrel can fit as many nuts in its mouth at once as my ex does during whole night !, 
  to unsubscribe to squirrel facts write `` sarah is a bitch '' !, 
  i know right , did not even notice that her jeans were ripped . 
  guys it is ok , it probably was imported american beer and he did it on purpose . 
  is n't that bad for your back ? 
  well it can because statistics uses calculus ( pdf , cdf anyone ? ... ), 
  but if you can you then can get one from another . . 
  we are n't talking about your sex life . 
  meh normal is easy to remember . 
  but i study for masters in econometrics so it is something what a lot of what i study is based around . 
  it is mumen rider !, 
  still does not explain why squeekers play better than me . . 
  they are at this point probably rarer than faceit bs . 
  because in the head of the moment and when opportunity like this happens you have to take a headshot , you do n't really think about every bullshit bug faceit has . 
  like it is pretty obvious , those guys are terrible at acting . . then again i do n't really watch any religious shows like that so maybe they all are like that ? 
  and it is not always even down to luck , people usually are predictable . 
  fuck this pc bullshit , am i supposed to die now to not offend all the mortals ? 
  like all those secret prisons , disappearing people and etc. . 
  this is more of a criminal organization than religion .
