  who cares about title and it being repost . 
  so only mcdonald 's eh ? 
  duckt tape and ignoring the problem ? 
  are you at least on a donor list ? 
  yea / r/buildapc is awesome sub with helpful people . 
  this reminds me that i need to figure out what monitor + ssd to get under 400eur . 
  that monitor costs 400euros locally so it would be a bit too pricey for me . 
  that 's because she is used to that more than he is . 
  her job kinda requires her to take interviews good . 
  where davids career mostly depends on his football skills and probably his looks . 
  thanks , fixed it . 
  well what you paid does not say much about how much they cost now . 
  sharks are already pretty fucked . 
  at least volvo is banning all the fun servers . 
  well for this guy it seems like it was worse than that . 
  they obviously knew this would happen , they had lasers on the ceiling . 
  depends , are you also a bundle of sticks ? 
  for me the picture would need fake mustache drawn on it . 
  he is just saying her that he is gay . 
  that camera man !, 
  the problem is that those who go out and harass people will never listen to any reason . 
  we ca n't stop them by saying this because they already decided to look for a target before anyone gets mentioned . 
  the thing is that suing someone takes so much energy out of you , especially with context like this , that it loses any purpose . 
  you will sue one person and 10 new ones will emerge . 
  only people who enjoy getting into this mess go around and throw sue claims . 
  hopefully it changes at least one persons mind . 
  but it 's still sad realization that there will be tons of people who will piggy back on this ( i thin i used this correctly ) to harass someone . 
  as soon as camera starts moving you realize whats coming . 
  well played op . 
  there is a mute option which helps to deal with people like that . 
  so many ninjas !, 
  you give good ones , hoping to get new revenue flow ? 
  roids and stuff . . just an abuse of the body . 
  that 's who eichhorst was talking about as the new fuhrer . 
  we needed this with all the pope stuff going on . 
  this is his earth name . 
  that moment you wake up feeling intense pain and not knowing what happened last night . 
  like a true viper . 
  too late , contracted epilepsy after watching that !, 
  3 articles for 3 rumors + bonus article  1 article with 10 rumors, 
  damn most of those real life ones were disturbing . 
  oh there are ton of people who use these . 
  mostly people who use low dpi/low sensitivity settings . 
  in shooters it really helps a lot , especially in csgo . 
  #precisely like your women, 
  makes me sad that i have only a bit over 3k life on my ball lightning life based witch : / ( lvl 69 but pretty much all life nodes i planned are already added ) . 
  well they are meant as an art pieces and not for everyone to wear . 
  these days they are probably very expensive . 
  * portals now teleport you back to malachai through his chest . 
  i 'm doing fine in 68-71 maps with 3k hp and barely any def ( only res maxed ) . 
  he was very active after drinking them . 
  that pro level of editing though !, 
  was this created just after the hate subreddit ban ? 
  yes , because they are using them anyways , with a proper regulation in their use instead of complete ban it can minimize the negative effects . 
  a lot of people get tricked into using some horrible shit because someone who has no idea what he is talking about told them they are safe . 
  with a proper medical monitoring and regulation it could be better . 
  yea this is how i started to feel , i 'm playing soft core but its just frustrating to die over and over because of the insane dmg . 
  but is it really unethical to do that video manipulation ? 
  changing someone from looking at the notes into smiling is not that bad as other things on agt . 
  oh that one about the mutant . 
  * poop talk, 
  yea this series are one of the best , definitely worth watching . 
  yep , ca n't remember when was the last time i pirated a game . 
  that 's pretty much the case in a lot of eastern european countries . 
  9867 , thanks for a chance . 
  i do n't think there is anything to question . . 
  oh wow thats an amazing bundle , good games . 
  i should get bta one . 
  vegeta people . 
  sounds like a fun friday . 
  so many gems while reading this . 
  are you a maid ? 
  but if he uses steroids then balls already contracted inside his body . . 
  what lies , the amount of time i skipped rare revenants because that dmg is just not worth dealing with is insane . . glad that now i will have a bit more incentive to deal with them . 
  d3 getting ready on new expansion ? 
  or more mtx ` es . 
  i 'm ok , i 'm white , this means i 'm basically bulletproof . 
  well they usually announce things like that in blizzcon do n't they ? 
  do n't forget the bleach . 
  you sound salty , are you a streamer who dies a lot ? 
  if i had 10 billion i might buy this for 48m . 
  again ? 
  this is already pretty old . 
  hypnotoad has seen better days . 
  that 's why math degree can earn you some good income . 
  the reason it woks because denmark and elephant was statistically determined by asking multiple people to tell a country starting with d and animal starting with e beforehand . 
  since these 2 things were most frequent ( because there are n't too many options to choose from for majority ) they could make this mindfuck trick . 
  i listen to radio which makes me radiologist , i confirm op is fine . 
  well when you were a baby you loved your mum have n't you ? 
  not sure if this would be a very secure answer though . 
  trying to sell my goldwyrms and seeing random low prices from time to time , though that might be just people not knowing how rare it is now . 
  so it was your first love was n't it ? 
  or stargate : atlantis . 
  decent show , just need to ignore few cringey conversations . 
  yea that advancement was amazing thing to experience . 
  piff was probably the only part i liked in this season . 
  just fast forward most of the acts . 
  happens often in dmg , but that is a lower rank i guess . 
  i think he meant that his team had 5 tk 's ? 
  lvl 68 map so obviously dropped .
