  my code is always black and white . 
  i was wondering what horrible challenge will it be . . and it appears to be that these days being tied with duct tape is dangerous and life threatening . . 
  like i read that , and yeah , a lot of people would definitely say that . 
  1900-12-1 `` prevent existence of / u/skullblasta '', 
  yeah , my feeling exactly . . 
  what about iphone peasants like me ? 
  fucking weirdos ^ ^ tm, 
  i guess i will need to remember to get it at expansion . 
  just beautiful hymn for our savior !, 
  especially when he pretty much nailed his pronunciation , just with a pinch of accent . 
  but that would just give him exposure and more views !, 
  has no one did the thing where you put flour into a balloon , it has pretty much same qualities . 
  so speedforce made oliver black !, 
  starting a massive brawl should be on everyones bucket-list . 
  you could also say that a snake was loose on that plane . 
  in crabpeople law it is illegal . 
  we all talk like socialists . 
  so now you now switched to language from accent . . french rap scene , as far as i know ( i do n't listen to it much ) , is pretty popular and influential . 
  heck most of american rap sounds weird since a lot of it are not even words . 
  plasma diamonds . 
  all countries should do that , this way the world will have free food !, 
  yes , all countries will be rich and will have free food . 
  oh wow i had one just like this , fun memories . . 
  i decided as a kid to completely dismantle it because i always liked to see how things work . . do n't remember , but that might be the last time i saw it working . 
  this is a great idea , though i think that we will start getting ads all around it . 
  whatever floats her boat . 
  my only problem with dx12 is win10 . . 
  i am not having problems with ms , i am having problems with win10 updates . 
  for some reason i doubt that soflo can play chess even a little . 
  i would think that rabbit 's and hawking 's brains are a bit different . 
  italy makes pretty good cars , ca n't be coincidence . . 
  what the hell ? 
  not only lead , but this now ? 
  this is very fucked up . . are n't those people who had to inform the public responsible for the deaths and harm ? 
  not for nothing but for storage which is expensive , and they want to keep increasing supply until their gamble to push expensive extraction works out . 
  like what the fuck is wrong with their products . . 
  in my grandparents village someone decided to spray their crops with w/e from monsanto and suddenly somehow , in coincidence , a lot of bees died out all around the village . 
  heck even name monsantro sound sinister and monstrous . 
  we were always taught to follow the pointy arrow . 
  they were pretty durable , still see some ladas from 70s-80s driving around in good condition . 
  well i was talking more about ferrari and lambo than fiat or alfa . 
  well they were not a part of axis . 
  seems like textures did not load correctly . 
  she is wearing a weird bulletproof vest . 
  you ca n't escape clickbait even at school . 
  iron-bat is the best bat . 
  i really doubt they would push cs : go to s2 anytime soon . 
  not without us knowing about it . 
  and since they would most likely need to keep it free ( for owners ) it is not likely they would invest the necessary fund into it . 
  wow , i can feel my neurons dying from this . . 
  til meteorites are cold, 
  not at a single point i mentioned some type of invasions . . 
  a lot of countries charges for bags since long time ago . 
  quite interesting to see when traveling how litter in the city differs . 
  so how do things like golf fields , water your lawn , plants , take long showers , have swimming pools are not a part of free market when you pay your utility ? 
  there are a lot of shitty schools , especially in developing countries , where it is badly regulated . 
  kids , after several years of school , ca n't read or write , because teachers do n't even bother to show up or teach and still takes in the salary . 
  i think it is trump !, 
  273 degrees makes even less difference when this number is most likely rounded anyway . 
  or any other western country . . heck there are more people speaking english outside us than inside of it . 
  and as always , whoever is making bullets is the real winner . 
  fuck op and his clickbait title . . 
  as if you would manage to pay it off in a lifetime . 
  some people just look at the world and see slideshow . 
  i choose the middle , `` pick two '' . 
  damn , now i kinda want more people doing this . 
  for example trying this on their lizards and etc. 
  i am 99 % sure this is not intended as scientific representation . 
  then again the channel is some random ripoff one so we do n't know who made this . 
  like at this guys uploaded videos . . 
  there is a new thing spreading suggesting iphone users to change the date on the phone to that and it bricks the phone . 
  the only way to fix it is disconnecting the battery , which is tough to do on iphone . 
  probably already happened , i wonder if there is a link to download all of them . 
  most professors would be 100 % for this , heck some of them share things which might be not so legal but teaches important things . 
  but i mainly study math so it might differ in other fields . 
  well now i am considering getting a hard drive completely for this library . 
  yea but the reason why it is controlled by goverments is because it can create more gdp if it is sold not for profit but to cover the costs . 
  step 2 , sticking your dick in there . 
  you, 
  that 's what i though , it is just an usual projection , a bit tricky since it is projected on 3d plane but it is not on itself any beautiful . 
  planning on being a lawyer ? 
  we are consoles now boyz !, 
  the thing is , they might value more the people who will go to use their store for this more then the sales they would get on steam and etc. 
  bad for us consumers , but for them it might work out . 
  most companies are like that . 
  where 's the 5th one ? 
  come on , those are clearly bullets . . geez , do you not know anything about guns ? 
  well it can , if they also give you money to buy food . 
  oh so the podium was also led screen ? 
  just have 10 cups of coffee each day . 
  oh look a squirrel !, 
  so pretty much good manners is most offensive things ? 
  so is nk , kinda . . 
  i saw that was coming so i came back to 2016 , just in time for the war . 
  do you stop drinking during those 2 days ? 
  i am not sure how happens on ships like this , but usually during the storms you have to go deep into the sea ( well not very far , just to have enough space to navigate the waves ) because it is safer and you ca n't dock during storms . 
  so if you miss your chance to dock before the storm picks up you get stranded in the sea . 
  but i only sailed on a sailing yacht during storms so not sure what is the procedure in big ship case . 
  reverse fire flash, 
  i would love to go to earth 34 .
