  what the hell assembling bike yourself have to do with anything . . 
  there are tons of expensive bikes where you will assemble it yourself . . that has nothing to do with the price or them being dangerous . 
  damn i miss that show , it was pretty good . 
  and if the weatherman is incorrect you can always make him fly . 
  yep , usually cheap bike will still be ok as an exercise bike , however cheap bikes are pretty tough to use for day to day commuting . 
  tbh i did n't see the movie and only had a glimpse of trailer , so i only presumed it was him because that 's what all the people were talking about these days . 
  its ok man , there are plenty of grills in the sea . 
  perfect for cross-fit . 
  also who wants the phone in pockets while jogging , i would definitely prefer it in arm band like that . 
  encouraging people to compete for darwin award ? 
  anyone here has a bible ? 
  we need to start exorcism !, 
  well i guess that 's one reason to get that much ram , so that you could have 100 tabs open . . 
  reddit breaks boundaries of my imagination every day in that regard . 
  real jesus giving him some tips on how to make it better . 
  this is the 50 shades of grey people should be watching . 
  it was probably cut in several places and been done over couple of days anyway , also that seems to be their job so they probably got paid . 
  `` sir , i work at grocery store , that is crisis by itself , and i 'm dealing with it by coming to this interview '', 
  * do n't actually say shit like this , talking bad about old job is a no no at an interview . 
  fountain of youth, 
  that sounds like very expensive bath , though i have no idea how much lsd even cost . 
  dude , you always have to have nutella in stock for few months , in case of zombie apocalypse or rapture or whatever reason you can think of . 
  worst assassin ever ... 
  but i guess it was someone desperate since he was willing to go down for the murder . 
  still looks a bit cool , though you have to ignore all the text . 
  usa , like come on you can find all the strange things compacted in that place . . 
  what about dead hookers ? 
  he is one of those people who can hack satellite . 
  i have n't , but i 'm not american , is it a brand not widely used ? 
  i i 'll google it . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people do use google as a verb , and even if your country do n't have same brand names used in generalization , i 'm pretty sure there are a few local examples , most people do n't even realize when they use brand names in such fashion . 
  you can ride it , but can you handle it ? 
  that 's how i imagine `` chocolate rain '' song was invented . 
  i always salvage what i get from those boxes , am i doing it wrong ? 
  finding a guild also helps , there are tons of guilds with new people these days , and even if you do n't find full party inside guild , it would make lfg faster . 
  phew , now if only i would not have taken medium coat by accident when opening it i would be a bit more happy . 
  science pirates - a group of highly skilled people from harsh backgrounds , who goes around and steals scientific papers and patents , boats are somewhat involved . 
  coming to theaters february 30 . 
  good thing you are such an expert in investing , you must be billionaire by now . 
  just do n't listen to us westerners , i 've heard there are cheap drugs in russia which will make you believe and imagine anything you want ... or someone else wants . 
  out of nowhere ? 
  totally expected that from video posted on reddit . 
  of course it has been done . . 
  me too . . 
  good thing there is internet , so we can ignore these limited releases . 
  people are actually usually treating console users decently , what is being made fun of are the people who claim that consoles and console gaming is superior to pc . 
  even though i would love to see attitude towards them like this , i think its a bit too hard and risky to try and do it on live action tv show . 
  not as bad as nazi one . 
  not the one in the video , but [ this one ] ( http://a.pomf.se/lhqphk.webm ) . 
  i know right ? 
  if i was not a broke student on unpaid internship i would get this game to calm down my inner sociopath . 
  7 euros/dollars if i recall correctly , it 's not a lot and probably will be very cheap during sales . 
  what am i missing ? 
  someone shared a funny link and another person explained it onion to others . . what 's funny ? 
  not my gif and i 'm too lazy to search for source to re-upload a gif without re-compression issues . 
  seagull , and maybe pigeons . 
  brb , buying cockatoo and teaching it demonic chants . 
  so i did not loose too much by not going to it i guess . . 
  i like to live dangerously so i keep double tap on during jps . 
  the edge is my destiny . 
  do i ready up some peanuts ? 
  that hazmat suit is otter-ly ridiculous . 
  its just simple lollygagging . 
  depends whether arms are broken . 
  downvoting just in case . 
  so you went from rap to metal ? 
  `` the time traveling redditor . '', 
  not really an acid , but yea always handle what you do not understand with care . 
  each has his own fetish i guess . 
  probably because not enough foreigners are in nba for it to be statistically significant sample . 
  call it arse valley for short . 
  it will tell you to join the army . 
  it would also be an obstacle when rushing the shore . 
  put up tons of ads , nothing says fuck you better than annoying adds . 
  well what if it is used in places where its too dangerous for people to be close enough to toss it ? 
  damn , there must be tons of secret immortals out there . 
  a giant grasshopper robot which can leap above buildings . 
  yep , got that on my list of things to try when amassing world domination . 
  real answer is in neither . 
  did they let her go ? 
  i hope so , got 2exotic ones and thinking of holding them for a bit, 
  ip will not be the reason for ban . 
  support usually can take 7days . 
  yea but most people do n't sell story paths ... 
  but it 's fashion wars 2 , the point of the game is to make your character look as good as you can . . 
  pointless feature addition !, 
  it 's black and white for charrs i think . 
  it 's all that 50 shades of norn hype , everyone making whips . 
  you think such regulatory issues are only present in usa ? 
  . apple still open, 
  nice try , but next time use a bit of creativity ... 
  do n't forget that content on netflix also differs in different countries . 
  well duh . . tv changes radio , interned changes tv , something probably will change internet , things should never be static when it can be improved . 
  main hand torch ele , pyromancer specialization confirmed . 
  that would be cool !, 
  he accidentally sawed himself into 6 pieces and scattered himself in separate places . 
  i do n't know if they count as bacon ? 
  at least they taste quite different . 
  i do n't think he has feeling in that hand anymore , so no pain . . 
  exactly , what phone you use means nothing , the reason i have an iphone 5 is because i got it from family friends for dirty cheap price which i would not be able to get for equivalent droid .
