  ^ ^ ^ someone ^ ^ ^ had ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ write ^ ^ ^ this, 
  pc , playing shooters on potatoes is not that great . 
  sure , pm me your steam id and i 'll add you ( though i 'm from europe so if you are from us it might be troublesome ) . 
  maybe you have to use http : / / . 
  added , hope we can play a match tomorrow when i get back home . 
  yea i was talking more about main pool of maps which are used in tournaments . 
  weapon : sg 553, 
  preferable skin : sg 553 damascus steel , love minimalistic skins like this . 
  link to steam trade : https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=39135830&amp;token=f1sltmk -, 
  i think this is the link i have to addd ? 
  thanks for reading . 
  well this had more information about the game then most of the shitty steam reviews . 
  smoking makes your lungs go black , maybe that 's why ? 
  this is the only true reddit silver , nothing can change it . 
  that 's more creepy than scumbag . 
  i 'm looking for sg , not ssg . 
  barely use scout , so it would be little of use for me . 
  well i agree more than you , so beat you !, 
  nah , got one myself , i kinda like default more than sheen . 
  tears of dwarfs . 
  wow there are more than 543,727 subreddits ? 
  is there a chance that borderlands 2 goty will have better deal during this sale ? 
  its not 75 % for me , strange . 
  nah when i go to borderlands 2 page i see it not being 75 . . 
  that would be a bit crappy , i hope its just a bug . 
  borderlands 2 is probably the only one i am getting in this sale . 
  would like borderlands 2 goty , the problem is im not sure what is the true price since for me its -67 % and for others -75 % . 
  so if it is not below 12 dollars then sorry for wasting time . 
  this one happens during every sale . . 
  i would really want borderlands 2 goty , was the only game i wanted from this sale , but unfortunately my region got lower discounts than rest of europe for some reason and im several euros short from affording it . 
  steam id http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt, 
  edit : thanks fellow master race person , ca n't believe that someone actually is so nice . 
  i hope i can give back to community . 
  if someone needs a copy of russian locked xcom : enemy unknown , feel free too add me , i ca n't use the game so i hope that someone will be able to . 
  i have xcom : enemy unknown which is locked to russian region ( which i ca n't use ) , so if anyone needs it add me on steam . 
  yea i will try to pay back to people when i can , only thing i can give now is xcom enemy unknown locked to ru region , i do n't think a lot of people can use it . 
  also as i saw there are other dlc which are not in the goty version , is any of them good ? 
  would be good to know for future . 
  hey . . pez is cool . 
  as someone who does n't really like cakes , my feelings are conflicted . 
  he has his pet as desktop picture , whats odd about that ? 
  i have xcom enemy unknown for ru region , anyone wants it ? 
  can you post your steam link , because the only drdoctor18 i get is american . 
  birthday pizza is good enough . 
  i 'm not american so have n't seen anything like that !, 
  i have xcom : enemy unknown which is for ru region ( and places near it ) , anyone wants it ? 
  sadly it will not work in your country . 
  might be trying to jokingly reference how you overuse your perfume . 
  so now we started turning jokes into memes . 
  it will be even harder to find any true stories . 
  because its a stressful holiday , especially if you have not planned and do everything last moment , which these days a lot of people do . 
  there are , source - i 'm time traveling santa . 
  oh god , there needs to be sub for these . . 
  ca n't tell if onion . . 
  rubbed onion in my eyes , i can see space-time now . 
  i 'm not an expert , but he used a lot of bullshit words , this means he is art expert . 
  its a well written story , easy to read . 
  do n't be lazy . 
  `` say hello to my little friend '' seems pretty relevant now . 
  but having ginger monkey is way different . 
  just curious , how do they enforce it ? 
  well he has already stripped . 
  well then you might want to join witch burner guild . 
  it will fulfill your needs . 
  well its ok to have an opinion . 
  i find new one more enjoyable , still has issues , but it is an improvement . 
  console users lower it , because they cant see more than 60 fov . 
  what a giant from poland have to do with my comment . 
  damn it gopher . . 
  i did n't come to watch a fucking slideshow !, 
  wait . . 
  arm school teachers ? 
  thanks for the giveaway guys !, 
  since down of times and pc gaming . 
  every time i do n't eat cheetos this happens , please help !, 
  do n't even get me started about god damn cat snakes . . 
  do n't worry , a lot of lithuanian youth are emigrating , so they might come to you . 
  good thing i did n't check what this sub was , was surprised and made me smile . 
  what do you expect when you take crimea and do all sorts of other sketchy stuff . 
  you already are a threat to eastern europe . 
  what about those stories where dota2 items sold for more ? 
  by reddit standards , this is more aww than creepy . 
  personally i prefer collaborational vids . 
  i just enjoy when there is interaction between several people who can discuss wide array of topics and sometimes trick each other . 
  sure there are usually less progress , but i do n't really watch videos for progress . 
  i get to experience it when i play games myself . 
  why i watch is because of the entertainment all sorts of yogscast member interactions create . 
  sorry for my english , having migraine and writing my thoughts in 2nd language correctly is a bit hard . 
  i 'm only mg so i think there is no point for me to check , i doubt people hack here . 
  he is probably silver , so every game does have a hacker . 
  well true , i know that there are people who hack . 
  steam friend told me today , already had suspicions and after he confessed i just made up an excuse and did not join his other matches . 
  he just said he got banned several hours ago . 
  do n't see any vac on his account so not sure if true . 
  as someone who has anxiety issues i always feel stressed when people call me cheater . 
  i know there is little chance of getting overwatched banned . 
  but if i know i make some insane smoke kills i feel like false positive is possible . 
  i used to be like you , but then i got better and since end of september i have got from silver iv to mg yesterday . 
  my thought is that my ch placement was the biggest downside and got better . 
  damn i should check .
