  the benefit of drone in this case is that it is small , so animals who are not afraid of obviously smaller but loud animal are going to be fine . 
  was a skit , they have those on shark tank too . 
  we have to have krillins death eventually . 
  i kinda wish the humans would get some type of power up too instead of just sayans moving forward . 
  there is still hope they will train in the time room . 
  that is a pretty tough truck to handle all that weight . 
  mr. popo will fix it easily . 
  does it just short it ? 
  i am not a techie but i am pretty sure that is not how electricity works . 
  not exactly the same thing . 
  thousands . 
  their fields might not be big enough for it to be worth the cost . 
  also the personal wheel coming out of an actual wheel . 
  where the fuck do you fit it and not loose structural integrity . 
  if done properly then it would be better . 
  as someone with anxiety , lack of stress . 
  father of no one . 
  nah , those are rum experts . 
  this video is good birth control . 
  or maybe neither , still not too sure . 
  not a remake . 
  yea , but they fail to find most of the weapons during tests . 
  so they are not making it safer too much . 
  do their planes go down and people get killed on them ? 
  heck european countries have far bigger risk than usa and so far no one is getting killed on planes . 
  this was probably the best episode so far . 
  hopefully they will continue to be better because first few were meh . 
  still have their lawnmower . 
  saying you drive a lambo is a good pickup line . 
  gets complicated when they ask for a ride . 
  yeah , lewis seem to actually care about what he is doing . 
  sad that some bad apples in his company tarnish it with scandals . 
  the relieving thing is that past few months yogscast content has gotten better . 
  heck lewis is matching all the subscriber and ad revenue they got during these streams and donates it . 
  so we should just believe in any false allegations without giving it a benefit of a doubt no matter how absurd it is ? 
  that seems like it is hole in zero since she did not hit the ball . 
  i mean , if not that weird type of villain bullshit s.squad would have been far more enjoyable . 
  now it felt like scooby doo the movie . 
  are you sure it is not the same 12 people switching outfits all the time ? 
  that is what happens when you have lack of talent and you still are famous . 
  you do not understand other peoples struggle because everything you got is based on pure luck . 
  wtf , he looked nothing like that other nobody . 
  i have no idea how did that come up . 
  i am pretty sure that dude had better personality than judges . 
  heck this is good tv show level stuff . 
  ca n't imagine that we are getting show like this on free media platform . 
  are we sure this is not george writing ? 
  i guess this is as far as you go . 
  better plan for retirement . 
  how could he loose if his god would want him to be president ? 
  does not matter , mods will remove it if the video has even remote relation to being political . 
  the content got a bit too moderated this past year . 
  better to be a pansy than to have a random bullshit happen which would make you slip and die . 
  weird that someone who can barely speak is famous for singing . 
  the biggest problem with this rule is that it is very subjective term . 
  it gives too much power to personal bias of the moderator . 
  but i guess we just have to deal with it . 
  i mean , have you seen jesus abs ? 
  she has to be in shape for her husband . 
  does this mean we are going to have zombie ostriches running around ? 
  that sounds quite scary . 
  what can i say , i fucked up . 
  writing thesis has weird effect on sanity . 
  it has a pirate flag on it so it has to be fun . 
  the way i remember doing it on rct2 is to just set up a custom scenario and i think you do not need to add objectives . 
  though that was like 10 years ago so ca n't tell if i recall it accurately . 
  but that was already known for already a week . 
  all i got from the secret santa teacher was some dog shaped slippers , she was hot though . 
  maybe we reincarnate into babies and we still remember how shitty life is for a bit until slowly we forget . 
  kung fu panda seems concerned . 
  yeah , fucking pretentious snowflakes thinking they are all unique . 
  james franco seems pretty chill too . 
  both seem like some cool people you would like to spend some time in a bar . 
  was n't he banned from another airline before this incident ? 
  damn this is sad . 
  he was one of those actors whose films i watched a lot as a kid . 
  hopefully he can still get back on his feet . 
  the right decision . 
  just wait for gog , humblebundle or even gmg sales . 
  they usually have quite a few better deals . 
  thanks op , and i wish good luck for other people !, 
  i think the fact they did it so obviously this time as a joke to those times . 
  we all died and went to hell , steam is never coming back . 
  anonymouse once bit my finger . 
  now its deadmouse . 
  those are n't turtles , they are replicators . 
  the only way i could think of it being workable is to use the fact that tarmac gets hot and somehow utilize that heat instead of replacing the material itself . 
  my so does not exist so that is as unsexy as it gets . 
  challenge accepted . 
  wait till he eats lemon and fish salad . 
  definatelly `` chewbacca mortis '' , terminal . 
  had no idea they had such bite force . 
  so my 280x would be in similar range ? 
  if it was 2016 after all the foam all you get is piss . 
  is it because of correlation of higher intelligence and suicide or mental illness in general ? 
  still ca n't decide whether i should get planet coaster or hearts of iron iv as a treat during this sale since i am finishing my thesis in a week . 
  the doctor . 
  maybe if it was 1960s . 
  it is 380 not 380x in the specs . 
  so is this a sequel to prometheus ?
