  `` baru '' is a form of `` bar '' translation with a core `` bar '' and the ending determining how the word is used ( grammatical case in english iirc ) . 
  we have one of the best lasers in the world . 
  also our language origins are pretty old so its no surprise it shares common things with some places . 
  speedy ? 
  you mean wall is just a metaphor , like the island ? 
  yep it was a terrible song for my taste ( im pretty sure it is good for lots of people , and thats fine ) , but the video was pretty good , a lot of references to korean culture like always , psy delivers . 
  a lot of bad songs can be catchy and fun , but its not all what good songs do . 
  the only mod yogpack needs is a mod which turns everything into dirt . 
  well ... 
  i guess its time to leave this planet . . 
  he would still miss a free throw into this . 
  i bet its a meth lab . 
  how could they not let him do that , its too great , even if you are an asshole , you would still allow it . 
  but how could it create a recipe if it could n't swear ? 
  not voting is also expression of an opinion . 
  thats probably how it is in majority of democratic countries these days . 
  yep , up until third grade they should only be allowed to watch south park . 
  id say it depends on you , when do you want to teach them about betrayal and that world is shitty ? 
  not a lot of people can avenge their father death . 
  well thats weird . . but then again , we have gw . 
  well we have 2 good weddings , so why not both ? 
  its not like there is much use from it , just be happy that someone donated to reddit and helps keeping it alive . 
  since when did 24 '' become `` giant '' . 
  i love these reddit `` environmentalists '' . 
  i still have n't met a true environmentalist out here , i 'm sure there are people who are , they just dont go around and proclaim being one everywhere . 
  is your friend a smith ? 
  that god damn luigi , he was playing us all from the start !, 
  it would require different meme probably . 
  reminds me of those tornado proofed cars . 
  crazy cat dwarf ? 
  well thats one way to attract feminist rage . 
  not really , there are sometimes rational feminists . 
  eh , pretty stupid experiment , no research into what actually happens , repeating shugar like its the main think in there . 
  anyone with a bit of physics knowledge could probably bust it without getting wet . 
  looks like a bond villain . 
  eh , this is very tough to explain , but pretty much anything in math starts from set theory , even things like addition , multiplication , integrals and etc. 
  begin from sets , its manipulation , measurement of them and etc. 
  you probably would be way better of if you read a book on it though , hard to explain it correctly and accurately without running trough several pages . 
  i 've been studying for my math exam ( not sure how the subject would translate but it involves random variables and theory around them ) so im a bit sleepy and tired so cant explain it in nice form . . sry, 
  that is actually pretty cool , made me smile . 
  oh dont remind me of the night which i spent surfing youtube for gameshow videos like this . . 
  pretty much it would be because you would warp the time-space in a way which would create a difference in time flow , so you would still feel the time going same as you did , but for an outsider it would seem like you age slower . 
  i dont have any personal experience with neither of them so its hard to tell how it is , feminism is not very rampant out here . 
  well true medical marijuana is different from the ones used for recreation . 
  grammar = / = mathematical language , source - math student ( pretty much bs ) . 
  in mathematical language comma is often reffered to and , so 1,9 is 1 and 9/10 . 
  there are no strict rules how to write math as long as you define the rules before writing . 
  literature doctorate maybe ? 
  the front is a bit less protected then the back though . 
  was it that boring ? 
  mother of dragonfruits ? 
  turn it on and off ? 
  applied math is way wider than you are suggesting ... 
  all forms of statistical analysis is applied math . 
  been some time since i laughed this much . . 
  you are going to sleep ? 
  i would not risk that . . 
  i guess ill add it to queue after the song of fire and ice series . 
  oh i thought it would be longer , then ill just read it today . 
  mate this is not future yet !, 
  ehm full name for reaserch . 
  yep , im staying away from all these meetings for sure . . 
  thats the problem of reddit , 70 % of time when you try to have an intelligent discussion with someone , you are going to get trolled or shunned by their believes . 
  im only in early 20s , so i cant imagine how it feels for you to communicate with people like this . 
  im trying to be optimistic . 
  well you can still screw yourself . 
  too much cloning , simon was first to be cloned thats why he was earlyest . 
  the thing is , this story being true or fiction does n't affect me in any different way , thats why i usually read it as its true and enjoy it more . 
  so i havent actually seen soi and am thinking of watching the series , though , where should i start since the playlist begins from their start of minecraft and i dont have time to watch it from there/nor i think thats where the real story starts ? 
  thanks , ill see what i can do , im master multitasker so i might be able to fit that in . 
  he already stole that so you are just torrenting it . 
  im getting thirsty . . 
  yep , got both games for cheaps , 17hrs into first one and i havent finished chapter 2 yet . . 
  and yet he gets all the chicks . 
  seems like an awful tv show , someone will definitely pick it up !, 
  woah , does this tree naturally spawn ? 
  i guess i need to explore more . 
  because it never really shuts down , just pseudo-hibernates . 
  i guess so , was not bashing it , i love 8.1 , that just needed some clarification though . 
  what the hell is this bot ... 
  fuck you , i laughed . . 
  im a statistician so im not sure how much this bot is accurate , i love all numbers , so the compatibility with 8 is pretty much 0 . 
  oh dont worry buddy , im giving you internet hug !, 
  skilled production is what should be industry norm /, 
  eh ill be that guy , source ? 
  yep , a bit disappointed . 
  as far as i understand its not porn . 
  so is swag - systematically wacky archaic group, 
  well there is always / r/circlejerk, 
  no , but your ignorant question suggests that you yourself are less than 18 years old . 
  well i dont get it so you are more clever than me by reddit standarts . 
  there will always be 4chan, 
  so if im one paper away from having bs in statistics/econometrics i can brag ? 
  you can probably still get it for 3 $ on the outpost . 
  well knowing how many people live in indian cities , and how many of them are working in it section , its quite rational to see a lot of questions originating in india . 
  then why not just use some kind of function which chooses random comment ? 
  thinking about taking fc3 : blood dragon , i loved the normal fc3 though i didint finish it fully as i was playing it at friends . 
  its on 75 % so i guess its as cheap as it will get , is it as good as normal far cry 3 ? 
  also game is going to get a free update which will bring multiplayer into it ( price will rise after it ) so its great idea to buy both . 
  is blood dragon long ?
