  took some time to get the joke : /, 
  hey , invasive species are bad mate !, 
  good things are harder to produce , and economically they create more benefits so the price and cost has to be higher . 
  yea , getting few people together and getting a tiny farm/vegetable garden is a great thing to do if you want to eat healthy . 
  i would fight a ninja with my knowledge , but of course i would lose because ninjas are faster than thoughts . 
  why u give us the feels ? 
  that 's an evil thing to do :(, 
  does he rip trees out of ground with his bare hands because of magical beard powers ? 
  yep , the boost its now getting from nanotech is pretty amazing . 
  i guess for getting an even tan ? 
  that sounded soo wrong . . 
  well they are already dont care about storylines , though apocalypse storyline probably would earn them tons of money . 
  at least the new one should be interesting . 
  i always wonder how these people wipe their ass ? 
  or do other daily stuff . . 
  i used to not understand whole obsession over huge breasts , but it got a bit clear after studying psychology for a bit . 
  the difference between 15 dollar haircut and 100 dollar one, 
  yea the sound bugs me sometimes too . 
  well i guess if you really need money , any job will do . 
  but i think they probably use those expensive japanese toilets with all sorts of functions . 
  well , its not like we have much of a choice if we are fans . 
  do n't lie , its mine , i always wrap money in newspapers . 
  i think a good artist could still make that work . 
  especially when conditions in most jails are terrible . 
  ugh , im usually not against reposts , but , god damn , this was already reposted yesterday . 
  nano technology already is all around us : / a bit misleading title . 
  can any1 explain what would happen ? 
  though its enough time to take it over !, 
  hey thanks for porn ads ... 
  came here to write it , glad there are people who thinks like me . 
  are you putin ? 
  probably would like to be a bird , dont really mater which one as long as it could fly . 
  would like ftl . 
  and one of my favorite moment of gaming is then my grandpa introduced it to me , if i remember correctly it was incredible machines , and from that day i was just addicted to it , it was a good game which taught a bit of physics and other logic elements , probably a best game to start gaming for a kid . 
  whats up with all these strange comments ? 
  sometimes i doubt that . 
  and sometimes the voices agrees with that . 
  dude , this is nsfw !, 
  unfortunately they did n't fly : /, 
  the problem is that western world does n't have enough of population for that ratio to be very effective on global scale . 
  africa , asia with its billions of poor people might not have that much chairs . 
  bash me as much as you want but i loved last season of fringe and its finale : /, 
  that 's how asians do it , its ok to eat differently if you are n't one of them . 
  thanks , editted, 
  ftl , mainly because of the mods and it seems to be easy game to start modding on . 
  i were n't even implying this was real , i asked what would happen if it was . 
  i have a dog ? 
  joker ? 
  doesnt matter , already had malaria . 
  you are a strange breed of trolls mate ... 
  they are at wars just not such which would be noticeable by general public . 
  sounds like a strange german porn name . 
  hey optimus prime needs to relax sometimes too !, 
  did n't you watch godzilla ? 
  it all depends on how much you are willing to pay . 
  it had very mixed opinions as far as i know . 
  superbrothers : sword & sworcery ep, 
  recent news tells different story . 
  i really loves last season because it focused on totally different fringe science ( if we disregard the time travel ) . 
  heard a lot of good things about the game so want to try it out . 
  its not beat the average here , so probably better to fix that . 
  pay 6 or more , or something similar . 
  where do you see word average ? 
  the bots are learning ^ ^, 
  yea , i believe duke nukem had some good ones, 
  getting spammed is not that fun ... 
  shhh , it will hear you . 
  i think this gif could be used a lot !, 
  no matter how much i drink , somehow i always manage to get home in one piece , i guess eventually i will be too old to be able to pull it off . 
  starslut sounds perfect for astronomy in my opinion . 
  unless begging is against the law in your city ... 
  yea , that one got to me too , whole story around the kid hit me in the feels . 
  as someone with anxiety , such thing would only make matters worse to me . 
  i wonder which ones are most corrupt . 
  and ? 
  infinity is not a number , so is empty set sign , so what does this supposed to be ? 
  so russian mail order brides now sends texts ? 
  i would say that eastern europe is as corrupt as western /, 
  just a habit from programming . 
  765 trine 2, 
  yea i like having everything separate , it seems easier for me to spot problems , might be my adhd or something else . 
  for me it was when grandfather introduced me to incredible machines ( if i remember name correctly ) , i spent countless hours with him playing that game and it probably what made me a gamer . 
  as for game , i would like brutal legend , thanks . 
  or maybe she just wants to motorboat them ? 
  its convenience thing , i had calculator watch pretty long time ago . 
  yes ... whats there not to get ? 
  well he has a lot of acting experience from wwe , and few other movies/series . 
  well it says acer , so its most likely a monitor . 
  thats a tv/monitor hybrid . 
  or no hiding spot . 
  gladiators used to do similar stuff too . 
  greed , fear of economical crysis and etc i guess . 
  plus they need to control the demand for it to meet the supply ( also to control supply of jobs market for certain market sectors ) . 
  its half-myth , it only works only until certain amount of time passes ( week or so , dont remember my psychology studies that well ), 
  i think you missed 1 many ... 
  i always thought that moron is worse than idiot , i guess i was an idiot to think that . 
  you are as pretty as infinite fractals !, 
  ( sorry , im mathematician : / ), 
  would like mark of the ninja, 
  mark of ninja or hotline miamy,
