  crunchy, 
  ok so the reality is , it is debunked in a way that proper models do not show statistical significance . 
  but the confidence intervals do cover some positive and negative effects ( very small ones though ) . 
  so this means that we have no real empirical/statistical reason to state that abortions will reduce crime or will increase it . 
  source - we did these better modeling practices in one of our lectures exactly on this example . 
  assuming he does not do it now . 
  way to go , politicize a harmless picture !, 
  being culturally christian but not believing in christian god is not too unusual . 
  typical harvard student . 
  that is why i hate everyone equally , i do n't discriminate . 
  he is already on reddit , so he is subscribed . 
  people are overreacting , this is just new sport they introduced in rio , kayaking with hurdles . 
  and z levels . 
  that is a lot of natural resources . 
  perfect for putin . 
  not to mention , owning a house/apartment have a lot of other expenses . 
  really depends whether your arms are broken . 
  which one would be lesser evil would widely differ on person to person basis . 
  that would require a very minor amount of talent . 
  lol . 
  pandas are too . 
  when you live to eat and not eat to live it becomes different story . 
  probably people who are less hungry will be less likely to complain about delay . 
  good thing all those olympic condoms were handed out . 
  would be quite fitting for an mmo . 
  ca n't imagine what it feels like reaching one of the biggest goals in life . 
  truly beautiful . 
  just some ninja duels . 
  this is cute on multiple levels . 
  hey it 's me , your brother . 
  if there is nothing for it to eat , does he count as immune ? 
  yea but hogs are a really big pain in the ass , this was too cruel , but world would be better with less of them . 
  meh , that lady probably was just happy to get rid of them . 
  no need to feel bad about it . 
  yea but they are using xp so no problems with win10 . 
  that is what makes it funny !, 
  was n't it jar ? 
  does your map have ukraine and russia switched or something ? 
  i think your timeline might be scrambled . 
  i thought that was his aim ? 
  no you bastard , that is actually a couple of vs !, 
  and the bootstrap continues . 
  you do know there is porn on the internet ? 
  well this one was funny . 
  wait , so wallmart sells firearms , but sex toys crosses the line ? 
  because even if nba was dying it isthe only place where basketball is being played ? 
  but it 's reich there . 
  good thing they censored it , otherwise this would be too much . 
  well this was kinda the fun part of spore , random weird looking creatures . 
  [ nms ] really want to check the game out , but reviews are troubling and it is expensive . 
  hopefully i have luck on my side !, 
  and they had a huge lead in this race . 
  pretty impressive . 
  not to mention they do n't look as buff as other teams . 
  would city of hamburg be enough ? 
  lithuanians got silver and bronze in doubles , baltics are stronk !, 
  is n't having heart rate that high dangerous ? 
  it has to be . 
  at first i thought , how could you celebrate while swimming , then i saw the picture and it was clear . 
  he will not reach tech level large enough to beat that city with a navy in time . 
  land attack would be hard from where he is on this game speed . 
  so i do n't see sjin winning . 
  especially when first nukes are not in nq . 
  skipped the part where he casted the bullets , and enjoyed every minute of the rest of the video . 
  when they were testing it with coconut and gel , was the distance not too small to be representative of the force ? 
  because it is not the same as having genetic offspring ? 
  hmm , maybe i should start being thick headed moron , seems like good survival trait . 
  we still have an ice age , and it is unlikely to change for quite some time . 
  it would force us to use a lot more fossil fuels since solar panels would be rendered pointless . 
  not old , but still feel old . 
  ugh , we are far away from that . 
  `` is < ...  dead '' is a title which tells you that the article is most likely going to be garbage . 
  googled him and barely any articles by him or on him . . 
  eastern europe definitely did not live comfortably not so long ago . 
  they worked hard to get where they are and it is reasonable for them to be keen on keeping it that way . 
  ah yea , because this would not go out of control with pharma money behind it . 
  well , you sound very naive . 
  well he did it as a comment . 
  why so rude ? 
  pretty cool , we also just got medals in rowing after a long long time . 
  our pair only started training together few months ( or even a month , not sure ) ago because one of the people who should have been there got injury , so one of our single seated rowers ( who was going to olympics too ) agreed to join doubles . 
  very interesting way to win silver medals . 
  might be atlantis . 
  yea , but then i lost it again . 
  what about jumping on one leg 50m sprint ? 
  was you latin teacher cosby ? 
  would love incredible adventures of van helsing : final cut , since this is the only game i want from the list i will only choose this 1 . 
  looking forward for civ6 hoping firaxis might not screw up another launch . 
  so he did survive , faked the suicide . 
  it really depends on the sport and the country , a lot of them do compete in a lot of other types of competitions for that sports and have sponsorship deals . 
  lithuania just got first historical medal in weightlifting !, 
  probably he did not want to risk injury . 
  it was our first medal in weightlifting ever !, 
  what a great way to celebrate it . 
  not only that , it was first medal in weightlifting for lithuania ever . 
  he definitely knew he had bronze before this lift . 
  none of the guys after him had any lifts left , only the # 1 and # 2 had them . 
  you want your pc be thrown on the ground like a barbell ? 
  nah , we have pretty decent athletes . 
  we are ranked 3rd in basketball and pretty good in other sports .
