  make a lot of mess , place the kid in the middle of it and post that with title like `` i thought these supposed to be cute '' . 
  when you see no working prototype on kickstarter you can be pretty sure it will be bs . 
  as far as we know . 
  i thought you drop the base not acid ? 
  human mask malfunction . 
  are you a cat ? 
  if i was a kid i would want these so much . . and i would not get them since they are expensive and probably not available where i live . 
  i would love to buy it but i would not for 2 reasons :, 
  i would not trust that it is actually dinosaur bone ;, 
  rings are god damn dangerous , i would not want to lose a finger because of random accident ( i guess i could still wear it as an pendant ) . 
  better than being a dalek . 
  well fuck you !, 
  god damn khajiits !, 
  i got confused for a sec , this was the one i remember being his last episode . 
  i heard that band is a blast . 
  at least we have cheap copper . 
  or just clutch . 
  i came , i saw , i bought it !, 
  you can check out gnomoria , it 's similar but with a better gui and a bit of different twist . 
  maybe a bit more simplistic , but it is still in beta/alpha . 
  they melt the hearts . 
  9 out of 10 of 600,000 is weird thing to say . 
  well i got it for 2 eur during a sale and i got enough gameplay to justify that price . 
  but dev is still working on the game . 
  and it will have steam workshop as i understand . 
  no , pure vacuum . 
  except with less epic fight scenes in church . 
  the problem usually i have with younger players its that they talk way too much , it gets frustrating when you are playing and waiting for calls and someone is just blabbering random nonsense . 
  of course there are quite a few not so young people who do that , but the ratio is still visible . 
  pretty much every fight scene in that movie was done very well . 
  that 's the main reason i liked the movie so much . 
  someone needs to construct additional pylons . 
  same in austrian servers . 
  i have the opposite feeling , the more i stay away from it the more i like the idea of nice community and having something to believe in . 
  i am not your friend , mate . 
  like , i try to understand logic behind that , but it 's pure evil . 
  eyes which state that you are already done for . 
  instant gummy worms . 
  yea , pretty much 0 motivation to get it gold . 
  they should just carry around some rum . 
  where is it gone ? 
  it stimulates the construction business !, 
  look at the road industry in europe . 
  every year after winter you get to reap money for fixing the roads . 
  when you see 20 year old cars still driving around ( hell even older ) , you realize that it would take a long long time for these cars to disappear . 
  considering making a 10cha 1int guy . 
  though with new perk system it 's hard to know how game will react to low int characters . 
  hell i dropped from le to mge in last week . . 
  sometimes this game just screws me over . 
  i know right ? 
  and it made me fucking laugh ... 
  i think you have this one mixed up . 
  yea some cats can be awful . 
  i was once sleeping over at relatives place , and that cat would just sneak up while im sleeping and bite my toes trough the sheets , not i-want-to-play bite , but seriously sinking the teeth bite . 
  ca n't wash the blood of my enemies . 
  he is pope , if i was one i would try that . 
  and out of wast amount of different people , the one we hate the most is op . 
  yea but she was already without it working at that place and living her life , and then she saves the plane without changing her appearance . 
  step 4 : cancer, 
  death is a weird super power . 
  thanks for giveaway !, 
  just reduce the amount of work you do . 
  at first i was wondering , why would you need to charge monitor instead of connecting it ... 
  i am dumb . . 
  more like a immobile rotting corpse . 
  so close . 
  lets hope whatever next comes in this type of tech will be better and become popular . 
  would love to see people wearing futuristic headgear like glasses + that headset which transmits sounds trough the skull and not inside ears . 
  i guess its us only ? 
  not available in my country also . 
  best i can offer is my 1 socialist eu cent . 
  kenya make some new puns ? 
  it 's so confusing , whenever you say fire box you have little idea where people will check . 
  what are these ? 
  somehow i am reluctant at getting wide monitor . 
  i just think that it would feel weird to use it . 
  thats the national treasure of england . 
  the series finale was probably my favorite of all the tv shows i saw ( and i saw a lot ) . 
  damn that is a bad pan , or you are bad at doing that . 
  knowing how annoying they are , they would find a way to get to the moon if there were people living on it . 
  welp , saving this gif to reap some comment karma from it . 
  you need to be upside down while watching this obviously . 
  but i thought those have no recoil ? 
  could n't you have someone else drive you around ? 
  i have been on sailing yacht a lot of the times , in no time , be it a storm or perfect calmness , i never wanted internet . 
  in fact , that 's a place where you go to get away from internet . 
  it usually depends on the task . 
  all these has pros and cons . 
  pf , you can do it in a month easily , just need to figure out some cool title like `` meanwhile , on gw '' . 
  corporation privilege is what is a top priority . 
  i do n't know , ralph is more like a potato . 
  this new the mask remake looks weird . 
  `` pup '' , that guy is a giant . 
  that is cheaper than expected . 
  tbh , if i had money i would keep this bike as an art piece instead of riding it . 
  he is just soo hard boiled !, 
  this would be so awesome , no more taxi drivers screwing you over . 
  hopefully they will do similar with buses soon , seems like it would be easier to do that because of all the space in it . 
  what was that game ? 
  hmm damn 12 bucks , and does not have good reviews .
