  dogs were first in space !, 
  well it is still simple . 
  well i only found out about this movie recently . . and its not being shown in my country . . no wonder piracy rates here are this high . . at least we got one of the best internet . 
  was n't the movie made in south korea . . ? 
  wow i would say he was dead if i only saw the face . . people are weird . . 
  yep that definitely looks like fire , but i understand that some people can get confused . 
  someone actually went and fucked himself . . 
  yep that 's why i was confused why there was implication that i was south korean , i said one of the best internet , not the best . 
  huh it was only 3k a bit more than 24h ago . . 
  laughing at inevitable/unchangeable things is a good thing . 
  the drum dish thing from above ? 
  also do n't forget how sips can make anything 100 times funnier ( same goes with turps ), 
  you are quite lucky he did n't leave you a gift . 
  when are they adopting bieber ? 
  yep , life would be easy if i did n't overthink what could happen . 
  meh , knife is always a good fork . 
  gives me flashbacks of when i jumped on moving treadmill as a kid . 
  lighting fireworks while sitting next to it wearing shorts and flip flops , must be an american trend . 
  at least this time its dark . . 
  ok i just started playing few days ago and now i finished beating expert ai , so as far as i understand i should go to play against people now , is there any reason for me to stay away from ranked or is there no downside in starting it since im at the bottom ? 
  wow , did n't know that so much is happening . . 
  www.speedtest.net/result/3611358811.png to my location, 
  http://www.speedtest.net/result/3611362667.png to london , not sure what happened with d/l speed, 
  i dont get people like that . . did you watch movie because it was serious ? 
  no . . what great about final destination is how stupid most of it is . 
  god darn landlover , get out of our ship or walk the plank !, 
  oh sorry then , i hate to have misjudged you . 
  im pretty unaffected by anything gross , the real thing which keeps me on edge is psychological cruelty . 
  yea but then you realize that things like that does happen in real life , just probability is astronomical . 
  i do n't get the point of this pun thread . 
  oh , never knew about these fireworks . 
  im not tangent with those people . 
  i thought obese people riding those scooter things were land whales ? 
  stop trying to go full non-euclidean !, 
  congratz , you are the vector of this thread !, 
  im a math student and even i cant recurse any more puns . 
  nah , if its turps + sips its 100 ^ 2 = 1 000\u00a0000\u00a0000, 
  people were deported to siberia just literally to die off . 
  but does n't the stream program bash on performance ? 
  also this internet is good , though there are problems with old router which randomly crashes later when 2 laptops and my pc is running and if it goes with a bit of drag on data ( for egz . 
  few youtube videos are running ) and its strangely not as bad when only 1 pc loads couple of videos . 
  its old router and needs a change but not yet is possible . 
  so does average go up with time usually ? 
  this , i started game 2 days ago , im at rank 20 and sometimes i do take a lot of time to do a turn , especial sometimes if something i do n't know is played . 
  wait so arena gives tottaly random cards and not from your collection ? 
  oh i though it was based on what i own , dont mine me . . i just started the game on sunday . . 
  god damn it ... 
  i was prepared to watch football game not porno . . 
  had to google what that is . . yea . . 
  pass . . 
  will check stream out , obviously not joining team since i started playing on sunday ... 
  yea the lack of chat is frustrating , but i guess its ipad decision . 
  i usually like to chat with people on games and this just distances social aspect of gaming . 
  sources ? 
  or did you learn that in russian schools ? 
  because that is bs . . 
  do you realize that the people who were sent to siberia were academic level people , they were very educated , therefore they knew how to survive and how to bring up their offsprings , the fact that they returned educated has little to do with qol they were given . . 
  yep , you are getting your facts mixed up . . 
  sorry but you yourself provided no evidence for your claims . . and knowing the scope of deportations in soviet union your claims seem to be a bit too bizzare , numbers just do n't add up . 
  i do indeed have a lot of personal connection to the subject , but your ignorant implication that because i did n't mention it , would result in me not knowing about it , just makes me realize that even if i did provide you with anything , you would still stick to your belief . 
  they fight crime when they hibernate . 
  cool , more reddit gold features i would not use , though i wo n't probably get any gold soon since i slowed down my commenting . . 
  yea sorry , i didint want to offend russian people , a lot of deported people were russian . 
  lost it at kelly c. . . 
  that 's how i imagine all fox interviews . 
  thanks !, 
  so cereal box surprises for adults ? 
  as much as i enjoy his commenting he also keeps spamming submissions of all sorts of repeating gifs . . 
  sorry but m stands for mcdonalds . 
  i 've got to admit , at first glance i also panicked , but then i just read it again . . 
  good thing its not nazi version . . 
  that 's why the very little games i still play on lol are on aram mode , the community seems to be more chill and just having fun instead of flaming all the time . 
  yea im annoyed by the artifacts . . 
  so clock is at 8:52 , someone is lucky and can wake up later !, 
  if a joke makes you laugh then its a good joke ... 
  humor is subjective . 
  that 's actually a great way to make money , capture the demand which is not supplied . 
  i bet he can even increase prices without losing any customers . 
  thats how you teach elephants to fly . . duh . . 
  yep , scratch swimming in the lake out of list of things i am willing to do . 
  so where is the godzilla ? 
  ( sorry , i know we do n't mention that movie ), 
  what does that have to do with being a dick ? 
  he is working at night with a product which is usually not delivered at night , its a premium good so it is going to be more expensive . 
  honestly , i already tend to stay away from public things like beaches and lakes out here , we have only few months when its warm enough and it gets just overcrowded and wherever there are a lot of people it tends to have nasty things . 
  ( eastern europe ), 
  thanks , edited . 
  hard to actually tell . 
  oh cool , a daily antisemitism . . 
  terrible dictators ? 
  was she at least hot ? 
  this is what i needed after seeing / u/unidan gif with maggot infection , thanks for eyebleach !, 
  well that 's quite a queer sword technique , but seems to be effective . 
  nice belly flop , 10/10 . 
  most pirates actually pay for things if they can , torrenting is widely used by people who cant access the content elsewhere . 
  telling myself what ? 
  seems like you either do n't know anyone who pirates or do n't realize how much things some regions ca n't access . . 
  good thing spielberg is very active in tv , falling skies , under the dome ( this could be better ) , now extant . 
  also canceled terra nova which looked so promising . 
  he is also not solid .
