  and you also live in canada which is probably the most beautiful country in the world . 
  it is like hearing an alien try to use english . 
  i kinda think differently . 
  i do n't think that high graphic games will be a big thing on vr . 
  other than games like elite or others where you are in stationary position . 
  most of what will catch on is the social type of games where you interact with other people because otherwise creating the games will cost too much to develop for only fraction of the gaming consumers . 
  ca n't be coincidence . 
  hence they are very very stupid . 
  and you have to shatter everyone else dreams ? 
  i know right , it seems like that wombat burrowed into concrete in a very precise round shape . 
  giant robots obviously . 
  majority of them most likely do n't . 
  it kinda makes me worried about his definition of fun . 
  ca n't really be worse than the slave thing which is going on . 
  heh pretty cool that something like this can earn someone money . 
  small bit of quantum teleportation and a lot of telekinesis . 
  what do we have here . 
  the good thing about idiots is that they never cease to amaze you . 
  you have not heard his side career as screamo vocalist ? 
  every time i see videos about farley i feel sad . 
  such a great comedian . 
  oh how i wish netflix getting rights to make stargate series . 
  not going to happen but maybe i will have some good dreams about it . 
  `` accidentally '', 
  without us it might actually benefit those countries . 
  closest i could find 4-6tb disks going for 30eur/tb . 
  this is with dumb piracy tax and vat included . 
  rip in peace sjin . 
  yeah we have data storage device tax . 
  i am not actually sure about actual rates since it is very vaguely defined . 
  but it even applies to stuff like mobile phones and etc. 
  they embraced the silliness . 
  they had crossover with sleepy hollow which makes ghosts , demons and etc a thing in bones world . 
  crossover is coincidentally is when i stopped watching both shows so not sure how it is now . 
  hard to tell if the confidence would in the currency would be the same . 
  huh what city is that ? 
  it sounds insane . 
  a bit faster if you travel with speedforce . 
  not sure what my neighbors thinks about me when they hear that and me laughing my ass off . 
  meh we taught our grandmother how to use internet and now she ca n't go away without access to youtube and knitting/cooking videos . 
  well originating from almost the same place probably had something to do with it . 
  they can still sell it to power plants . 
  tesla is the safest one according to testing right ? 
  i have not been following it closely . 
  because this issue is not as simple as the video presents it . 
  sick and tired of these type of videos which try to look like they found some big secret every one needs to hear . 
  huh looks very beautiful so probably expensive breed . 
  how the hell someone would not id his dog . 
  damn looks expensive . 
  is this in dollars ? 
  here you can get 150g pack for about 1-1 .50 euros . 
  these gold diggers are not even trying these days . 
  well if you are interested in gold i can sell you some claims for small fraction of karma . 
  a latvian hoax . 
  universe brought up wast amount of new places for stories to develop . 
  damn , they go for $ 2k + + . 
  it is not as broken as people make it . . 
  seems like they are building walls too , just out of people this time . 
  seems like they started assaulting the reporter even when he was being polite and not too pushy . 
  imagine what you jumping over them would entice . 
  i would probably lose my cool to at the end , but then i would get lynched by this mob . 
  well due to it 's size there is probably a good statistical chance of that . 
  you also need a lot of faith and you need specific city state which can be removed from the map . 
  he kept on hitting over and over / u/zugma25 even though he was down . 
  this was bloody and brutal . 
  looks pretty cinematic for me . 
  they started seriously manhandling them at the end . 
  in my country there were serious consideration into publicly funding it at least partially . 
  not sure if it passed . 
  heck , they had better graphics during renaissance . 
  i mean , not being able to see green as green sounds pretty crazy when world is full of it . 
  what are you talking about . 
  it is pretty simple thing to figure out . 
  lewis was open about it being because of city-state . 
  removing it from map is logical conclusion . 
  maybe my eyes are not real . 
  thanks , will take a long time to see that because of how many members there is . 
  well i am technically infrared/ultraviolet blind . 
  if trump managed to get in then anything is possible . 
  they are booming because of them investing heavily in the infrastructure and military . 
  this not always works out in long term when most of the parties involved are heavily corrupt . 
  look at how their silicon valley worked out , or sochi . 
  it takes adults years of therapy to learn that , i doubt that reddit can help . 
  does he drop bombs instead of gpus ? 
  well roofs are generally very expensive , would not be surprised if he could offer competitive price . 
  must have seen a burning bush . 
  is it that much of a fuck up to create something nice ? 
  you could try sharing it on / r/sciencefiction people like pictures like this . 
  that is the only reason i support them . 
  so what is their problem with kwh ? 
  they are part of efta and shengen . . 
  a bit annoying that you ca n't build tall empire in stellaris , but i guess that is just paradox thing . 
  i usually read until i get bored , and then i check how much there is left until next chapter and if it is closer than 5 pages than i would go to it , it it 's more then i will read couple of pages . 
  but whatever works as long as you enjoy reading . 
  even if you want to flip the book upside down on every prime number it would be fine . 
  sjin has a very nice cuban city next to lewis so these new type of nuke mechanics will be very useful . 
  he can go directly for capital . 
  meh i doubt it would be very different . 
  people in spain are pretty chill unless it is in sports arena . 
  heck she went on winning the show .
