  i climbed on top of many rocks , none of them higher than 1 meter though . 
  yeah , long gw surf session makes your arms tired . 
  ouch , felt that trough the internet . 
  if those speculated magic numbers are close to true ones we are still very far away from it . 
  leave this one for the first in stability island . 
  yea , how the hell brady manages to produce all these videos . 
  ankles are his weak spot mate . 
  thanks for getting that image into my head . . 
  no they are n't !, 
  at first i thought that he would argue that reducing it in half would not be enough . . 
  again , these things are not accurate , they have confidence bounds for predictions . 
  so by reducing it even slightly you will shift the bounds of predicted temperatures towards the better scenario . 
  and no one is arguing that reducing the output will be enough , but it will surely be helpful . 
  and there are ways of reducing its impact without reducing the production of it . 
  from changing gut bacteria in animals to feeding them food which gut bacteria would not consume and create the greenhouse gasses , or even going to semi-artificial meat . 
  the problem is not in the industry , it is in the rules in which it works . 
  not to mention that there are quite a few good reasons to having meat based food supply in order to offset the problems when the crop yeld faces a shock , which happens a lot these days . 
  probably most motivational out of all tedx talks . 
  they do not realize that if they provided a good product people would be willing to pay for the access . 
  heck the economist is still going strong and providing probably one of the better source of information if you exclude scientific journals and it is relatively cheap . 
  team orangered woo woo !, 
  seizure . 
  it was me barry , i was the fridge !!, 
  fuck , ca n't breathe . . 
  funniest thing in a while . 
  for me it has been breaching for centuries . 
  at least he stopped dropped and fucked the ground . 
  that is how you die with a bang . 
  op is michael bay . 
  add youtube drama and this will crash reddit . 
  i mean , it is pretty clear out of the way the box sides are layered that those spins are probably important ( or could be important if the creator wanted , which he probably did ) . 
  damn dude , this is probably one of the only games i really want now . 
  thanks for a chance !, 
  why are the instruments so much louder than her ? 
  barely can hear her . 
  i do love my toilet paper , i would n't be the same without it . 
  witcher 3 has ng + ? 
  is this new or did i miss this on first 2 ? 
  gog has a nice sale and with the xp you get for buying it i think you will get 2 more free games ? 
  still have n't got it yet , because of budget constrains and because i might not have time to play this week . 
  i think i might wait for steam sale in 2 weeks since it would be a bit cheaper than gog because i have some steam credits . 
  yea i was talking about the base game . 
  as far as i understand all the dlc are free excluding the 2 giant expansions ? 
   note to self, 
  ftfy, 
  sand probably would absorb a lot of energy and keep the electronics a bit safer . 
  i mean , 100 tons are a lot . 
  that is about weight of 50 cars concentrated in small diameter . 
  people do not know that default subs are catering for what majority wants and not what he likes . 
  most companies probably had designs for this for at least a decade , they were just waiting for tech to catch up . 
  nokia already started crumble at that time so they decided to use it as a pr move because they had little else going for them . 
  what else do you expect after all the docking he did . 
  how does it work that the lowest you can score is 400 ? 
  my foot would do similarly with those plasteline animals . 
  still why minimum is something other than 0 ? 
  do you have any tips on how to tell if a repairshop is going to be giving you a proper service and will not overcharge you for simple fix ? 
  does it include java , c++ , python . . ? 
  the witcher 3 , because i like adventuring in a open world games and really enjoyed the story in the first 2 games in the series . 
  imagine how great the seasons would have been with magician nathan . 
  dude careful , he might hear this and destroy our universe !, 
  we do not know if it is actually goku or someone else , also earring looks a bit fishy ,, 
  makes sense , no one would try to enter it . 
  bendable electronics . 
  [ worlds longest and deepest traffic tunnel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gotthard_base_tunnel ), 
  i feel similarly about video games and electronics . 
  so i guess it does count . 
  probably buys them on ebay or trough his contacts with other collectors . 
  my exact thought . 
  totally do not understand the point of this dance . 
  i guess i am getting too old for this shit at 25 . 
  only if you are on opposite side of earth from him . 
  i mean , at least hide something less hot . 
  well we are technically still living in ice age . 
  490 confirmed , cheaper than 480 , more powerful than 1080 . 
  sounds plausible . 
  460 for $ 50, 
  but it does not make much sense to delete the comments en masse . 
  after the attacks in europe the threads in / r/worldnews and / r/europe were pretty open and diverse , not a lot of comments were deleted even though they were discussing the links with islam and daesh . 
  are the american commentators so much worse when it comes to reacting to things like this ? 
  probably that is happening because of the mass deletion of comments and not vise versa . 
  you are comparing apples to oranges . 
  well proper mods do take time to create . 
  all i want is some radioactive sweet roll storms . 
  are those mods children or something ? 
  how did they even become mods of a major subreddit ? 
  i wonder what would happen if you poured it into a lock . 
  sometimes when your internet is dodgy you do not get confirmation of it and every time you click it will be a new comment . 
  / r/european are definitely racist , one of the main reason i unsubbed was the constant hate towards people without no factual basis . 
  pretty much the only type of sweets i consume . 
  for some reason my brain registered rabbits not rabbis and now i have totally different image in my head . 
  weaponised wabbits . 
  or be dicaprio . 
  that is too cheap , rovers are big . 
  how else do you think people get married ? 
  motivation to run faster . 
  would love knights of pen & paper +1 edition if it is still available . 
  i mean , bethesda did have fo4 , and pushed out comparably sized expansion recently . 
  it is not like they are sitting on their asses . 
  no , it was a decent game , but not an rpg as some people hoped . 
  same thing was said about fo3 .
