  i bet it was those pesky ducks . 
  just a couldntseedence . 
  do those drums actually do anything or is this just for show ? 
  soviet spy becoming a redditor , what a waste . 
  he did not change a lot , just instead of knife he has nukes and barely working rockets . 
  i do n't think window would stop an angry lion . 
  property value will instantly go down . 
  just encase yourself inside prince ruperts drop and be invincible . 
  there is always a term limit . 
  there is also life expectancy . 
  well it essentially depends on how you plan your play-trough , if you are more reactive than proactive then yea it can take longer ( not that one way or another is worse way to play ) . 
  i have certainly seen myself reaching things faster once i knew what and when i would be missing and prepare in advance the expansions . 
  there are people who buy them , be it russian propaganda machine or just advertisers . 
  i am confused , so this means that seahawks will win french elections , 
  maybe better on / r/moldlyinteresting, 
  other countries might become harsher on this since this is basically gambling for kids . 
  damn so many of them on the bottom . 
  ca n't be that so many liberal people support him honestly , or maybe russian reddit users are nationalistic . 
  would definitely make luffy one of the 4 emperors . 
  i think he does not need his body does he ? 
  i think that bm crew will beat strawhat and the rebels and then during last moment she will open the box and have a heart attack . 
  luffy has been involved in so many big events and he has a lot of different ships/fleets under him . 
  he has fishman island and i 'm sure that a lot of others would join . 
  you are trying to prove yourself too much . 
  feeling insecure ? 
  because she is not a web developer . 
  what do you even have to do with my comment , it is not about you . 
  who knew climate is so complicated ? 
  right , that is why we understand it completely and can predict it accurately . 
  ca n't be harder than bankrupting several businesses . 
  as someone who is not i can still understand his frustration . 
  and people like that needs to hear someone tell them off . 
  maybe next time she will think about how to be in public . 
  well backlash from public will be severe enough most likely , if it is as bad as people have been telling . 
  about one world cup . 
  also there is the problem that she does not try to understand him . 
  she just goes full `` i do n't care what you say , i am the parent so i can throw shit around '' . 
  if he wanted you dead nothing would help you . 
  i am not talking about macron , i 'm talking about random guy on the internet . 
  any one of us could be macron without even knowing it . 
   must feel nice to live in a city which is not dying out , unlike the rest of the country . 
  the same fucking shit happens in all of the countries , even germany or france . 
  you are just seeing it trough rose glasses because you are mostly seeing the big cities presented in media ( and even in those cases you can actually be worse of there than in lithuania ) . 
  you overestimate western countries , if you tried to live there you would understand this simple thing . 
  you are comparing apples to oranges ( giant industry centres to small northern europe cities ) . 
  and even in some of those cities if not for recent wave of refugees the population was expected to decline . 
  yes some cities die out and it is a natural thing . . 
  societies are driven by economical gravity models . 
  obviously it will depend on the people on how it will go , but naturally population tend to move towards denser places . 
  it is not dire , even those cities will balance out . 
  if you saying that here life is worse than it was 10 years ago then you are lying to yourself . 
  i 've seen plenty of people returning to lithuania and service sector is booming here . 
  it is reluctance to change and adapt what is driving people out of those cities . 
  i can bet you that in 10-20 years your mentioned cities will be growing ( ceteris paribus ) . 
  i think it is not the best thing to make the bmw drivers even more distracted . 
  he probably got it from 4th reich . 
  i feel that there is a high chance i would have done the same ( called the firefighters first though ) . 
  yea brain is surprisingly smart thing . 
  there needs to be a law which forces these intelligence agencies to inform relevant companies about their 0-day exploits and force them to fix it or face fines . 
  but what do i know . . 
  protecting the information inside the country and gathering it from outside in order to increase security ? 
  or breaking the law and making countries more insecure as they are doing now ? 
  but us not doing it is what makes it possible for chinese and russians to exploit it . 
  how do you clear the super , use kryptomite ? 
  you know how i did it , i muted the video , switched the tab , and watched another video . 
  that is the only way i know to watch this one whole . 
  yea that is when everyone becomes gender fluid . 
  ah the kajiit mob boss . 
  wait , so the 10 will change ? 
  is n't goten practically living at bulmas anyway ? 
  ah yea copyright infringement . 
  impressive time to go after ming ad manchu, 
  in mean his whole goal is to cause chaos in nato countries, 
  how ? 
  at this point this is so evident that it is almost impossible to deny . 
  so should we just call you mentally challenged ? 
  definitely said it in several videos . 
  because his paintings are unique and interesting , especially for that time ? 
  fire went out pretty quickly too . 
  being skateboarder is also not a choice . 
  she triggered mine so would not be surprised . 
  what stops them from launching a nuke like this without anyone intervening ? 
  nope, 
  well that is what half of apologies are about . 
  you left your shirt last weekend . 
  same happens in russia about baltic states . 
  he did have the last laugh . 
  i do n't think there are winners on the show . 
  prosperity freedom and education ? 
  they actually do , they rely on the low interest rates . 
  on the other hand . . scratch that . 
  those are 2 completely different shows . 
  on normal masterchef he is also mostly nice and supportive . 
  it 's netherlands , he can get that by being homeless too . 
  mostly because a lot of companies use us prison labor because they barely need to pay for them , so they can just do the cheapest grunt work possible cheaper than automation would allow . 
  where ramsey idea is more about providing long term skills instead of just work . 
  he would , with free health care that nut would not be a problem . 
  you greatly underestimate how many places provide free healthcare . 
  heck with india pushing towards it there will be more people covered by it than not . 
  a lot of people go to india for healthcare , us is on par with it , you overestimate quality of us healthcare .
