  unless its fbi, 
  paris , rome , and some of the more beutiful asia city ( lets say beijing ), 
  atleast they didi n't mistake america with india, 
  may i interest you in eating a forbidden fruit ? 
  i usually come here to find out smth interesting , if you want jokes , just go to those subreddits . 
  that was one of my favorite moments in the game :d, 
  the favorite episode :d, 
  time to do some research i guess . 
  thats how a lot of depressed people are , try listening to motivational audiobooks and stuff , at first it might seem pointless , but eventually after habit kicks in it should help, 
  well its a set of images i guess ? 
  and my gym does n't even have a tv , so running inside is boring ( and that 's a good thing , fresh air is way better ) . 
  people back then was afraid of such great speeds , they thought their head might explode if they go past 4 or smth . 
  i would like to see more destructive meteorite events , maybe after crafting something very good and as a downside being forced to build very deep as meteorites would destroy everything on surface , and steadily go down to hell level . 
  yea thats what makes me worry about my pc . 
  can you explain how does it work ? 
  good thing i 'm studying math ( well its econometrics , but that 's mostly math/stat ) . 
  why d ? 
  i 'm pretty positive it 's c. 
  universe is thought to be ~ 13.8 billion years old , but the question is about earths age , and as our sun is pretty young , so its not as old . 
  this movie series just reached the biggest depth . 
  no problem , glad you learned something . 
  they are getting trans-galactic transmission from their home planet . 
  well as far as i know my specialty is pretty needed + very versatile , so it only comes down on my stupid unmotivated ass . . 
  i was going to study physics ( wanted to go into theoretical physics ) but i did n't have enough score to get it free so i went for econometrics ( it would be so much easier for me to study physics , and im not motivated by money ), 
  when math goes to next level its not that easy . 
  everything depends on what model is used to explain the big bang and formation of the universe , there are tons of theories . 
  it depends on the tattoos , but i think that girls with good tattoos look more beautiful than without ( of course there are exceptions ) . 
  well i went for skeletron before any meteors so i killed him easy with gold + musket, 
  did i miss something ? 
  what gif are you talking about ? 
  to be sure not to bring out accidentally any dangerous invasive species which would disturb ecosystem ? 
  try to think what starts with a ? 
  was waiting till someone would do this :d, 
  yea i always get annoyed when ppl say his only weakness is kryptonite but forget about magic . 
  thats a cool dad you got there !, 
  i kinda feel similar about star wars ( probably nostalgia has smth to do with that ) , but definitely not matrix . 
  now cross out everything except the words and you have a new [ fixed ] post ... 
  well i was a fan , but i was only shocked and sad . 
  well it what makes him less effective so it technically is a weakness . 
  well as long as she is turned on ... 
  thats one of the things i miss being pc gamer , it looks like such an amazing game :(, 
  oh deer lord , some people are strange . 
  because its not backwards compatible and people do n't want to hoard all the consoles to be able to play them ? 
  and the bank is probably ensured . 
  what is this from ? 
  i do n't remember nudity being in there ? 
  not all cats hate water . 
  is the series worth watching ? 
  thank you , i will check it out . 
  got any other suggestions for comics based cartoons ? 
  thank you, 
  thank you, 
  cant imagine 40k run barefoot , is this 10k ? 
  yea i watched both old x-men and spiderman already when i was a kid . 
  ouch , that must have hurt at the end . 
  i think mmo tas rpg sounds better, 
  chinchilla might be more dangerous than that pitbull !, 
  i think the only way to fix that `` severe '' burn is amputation . 
  thats new form of hypnosis ? 
  hmm i start to feel like i have sexy clown fetish . 
  one more thing would be fun , is probably some kind of weekly/daily trials , which are timed and then having leader boards based on that . 
  yea i was wondering that too , wanted to try and stream when i save up for the game ( if i manage to do that , hard to save money for student :d ) . 
  well based on bids , quite a number of people would ( though probably fake bids are inflating it ) . 
  it all depends on how frequently the new cards will be released , but overall cards should be released in bigger bunch , so that you could buy expansion pack containing mostly expansion content , otherwise they need to have high price . 
  looks like arachno satanis, 
  i prefer bunny with cannon strapped on it . 
  so the caveman invented time travel ? 
  they released the cards to balance multi-resource builds a bit . 
  and here i am , stuck on last easy one . 
  yea similar tcg history , and also love the game despite how noobish i am now . 
  if you dont want to trade , buy your faction scrolls only untill you have your deck pretty balanced to start experiment next . 
  also do the easy trials before going against people , they teach you a bit by practice . 
  oh so it means that i dont suck as much as i think :d . 
  its not a bad idea , you will just need to spend time trading the scrolls for something more usefull for you . 
  no , they both have , and to balance the things out there exists gingers . 
  can we get the link to where its from ? 
  can somone give me 1 billion dollars ? 
  i kind of want to try it out . 
  rarity is what determines the cost, 
  yea im struggling with determining the rarities , they should be a bit more distinct . 
  you can stack up 2 heal enchantments on the same creature and that would make the downside diminish . 
  wait till you have 4 or more bunnies and get hand of god !, 
  as you make such compelling arguments to your case , i 'm sure they will remove it ... 
  can i get raw data , would be fun to try to model something with it . 
  no problem then . 
  the sheet itself has nothing very useful for modeling . 
  and here i was , dreaming about being stabbed in chest with a knife . 
  is that how bacon is being cooked in nature ? 
  you forgot splinter :( , how can rats not have him . 
  yea graph would help a lot , cant wait for them . 
  i 'm studying econometrics so im only interested in seeing the standart deviations , medians and means of the price in the graph to try and forecast something . 
  i think watching some videos on order vs growth with commentary might help , also watching streams and other things , just study how people react to things and try imitate at first and slowly learn how to do those decisions yourself . 
  after a terrible accident he was born , the almighty plane-man . 
  also reading the book second time after some time gives you new thoughts about its meaning . 
  ( if its a good written book of course ), 
  seems pretty nice . 
  probably 3g would be better for 4g , not sure . 
  that 's a synonym for condom . 
  well as i do n't have a finished deck i do n't have a choice but to gamble as i do n't like trading much . 
  the reason there are no sys-req because it might change , and there are probably some kind of debugger running now , who knows .
