  wait , what happened ? 
  no that 's not a wallhack , that 's just workshop skin which makes doors made out of glass . 
  what did you say ? 
  speak up a bit . 
  now he can literally give the girl he loves his heart . 
  god damn it , why does everything have to be produced in usa :(, 
  since you keep breaking fourth wall , you have a lot of spare bricks . 
  if you want to live better life then believe it does not . 
  also gluten free . 
  oh , so you one of those who likes to watch but not participate !, 
  nope ... not clicking that . 
  i 'm full of it . . 
  it 's half full you pessimist !, 
  damn , have n't seen so many consoles in one picture . 
  these gamer girl pictures are getting out of hand . 
  that 's some north korea level of shit . 
  well they need some different options than siberia since some people survive there . 
  i 'm historically ignorant so do n't know context to that . 
  deerclops is a twat . 
  was playing while listening to music and did n't notice he was coming , had no range weapons ( swamp was too far away for me to bother in the winter ) . 
  so he just came into my base and destroyed everything ( literally everything , he somehow even managed to destroy beehives out of the way ) . 
  the i decided to just screw it and facetank and kill him . 
  i 'm mighty wig so he was easy , the problem was though , that i had no lumber around , so after killing dc with log armor and helmet and spamming my spear i ended up dying from freezing ( that bastard destroyed my fireplace ) ... 
  the problem then , is the fact that csgo valve servers use 64tick system , so those clicks will still be registered slowly . 
  hey , as long as i have karma in hell i 'm ok with doing this circlejerking over nonsense like this . 
  especially since russians historically were n't so kind to my country . 
  this sub became not about facts but about alarm-ism long time ago . 
  are you obama ? 
  you do n't see feminist posts because they are not well received . 
  there is a lot of feministical debate these past few months , especially in gaming sector . 
  have n't met someone with number phobia before , you would die out of fright doing my job . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yea i think people are better off now listening to that flame war , everyone already knows that media is biased . 
  you write those words you see on a paper and then type them in into your browser . 
  no no no , you got it all wrong , you put the address you see on the picture as receiver address on envelope and mail it like that . 
  ( in indian accent ) . 
  hello , this is customer support for healthy corns online , do you agree to allow this session to be recorded ? 
  tried to reload steam ? 
  it downloaded it after i did that . 
  yea , its just sometimes it does not , not sure what causes that . 
  probably was after i stopped watching . 
  best thing since sliced bread !, 
  that could have ended way worse . 
  a pool full of sharp katanas . 
  damn , seems like the shit just got real . . ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  he did not demonize anyone , he pointed out issues and asked for clarification , sure if you read his insight while being biased from the start , then you will see any criticism as demonisation . 
  yes they disclose in a very small manner which pretty much only few people notice . 
  laws are imperfect and can be abused . 
  so what is your point ? 
  total biscuit and other people pointed out issues , yogscast looked through the criticism and improved . 
  and now you try to create big conflict where there is nothing . 
  he responded publicly because there was a public discussion about that topic and he shared his insight . . 
  because of that way of thinking we are having quite a lot of trouble . 
  when people do n't talk about issues publicly just because they have friends connected to it , then only stagnation can happen . 
  news covering something science related and interesting ? 
  well op seems is eastern european so russian oppression is more of a concern in recent history . 
  would be hard since he will regenerate instantly . 
  well op , maybe you should shower sometimes ? 
  plot twist , bruce works for the queen . 
  i am legend . 
  edit : fuck , i screwed up , i thought i had to use what movie plot describes my sex life . . 
  that 's how europeans feel also . 
  i wish . . 
  yea several days after killing dc , the fucking spring giant came ... 
  its a win-win , customers pay the money , park earn profit . 
  customers see the dinosaurs and feed the dinosaurs , hence reduces cost and still fulfills the need of consumers to observe dinosaurs . 
  so you are researching in the field of failures since you have lifetime of experience ? 
  no they are not . . 
  he is still off by a wide margin . 
  stupidity is repetative . 
  damn , makeup artists on flash are pretty good . 
  you never know where you will be when lsd kicks in . 
  well santa will not milk himself , will he ? 
  rule nr .1 to youtube comments , do n't read them . 
  is pretty useless to go trough post after post of garbage . 
  damn op stumbled on secret thief guild quest . 
  love and hate is meaningless , what is important is the truth that he is one true god . 
  its probably more about uneducated and living in certain conditions people than race . 
  imagine the chaos if they would stop praying !, 
  no , you mixed it up with wall street money prayer . 
  nah , you are officially citizen of cloud district . 
  but can we get the animals opinion on this ? 
  what does exactly the fox itself say ? 
  meanwhile i 'm too afraid to even try and open up my lenovo v560 to clean it . 
  i believe that i would break something . 
  its a fairly common thing to say in quite a few countries , a bit weird how overmorrow became non-used ( even google wants me to change it ) . 
  yea it seems like english speakers only think in short-term . 
  now i wonder what other countries do n't use that world commonly . 
  like , what the fuck australia ? 
  how does the government still legally have their seats ? 
  was thinking about getting dishonored with my playfire credits , but does it have an upgrade to goty edition on steam ? 
  i was thinking on getting the rest on winter sale . 
  thank god i 'm not the seal . 
  i guess ill wait for winter sale then . 
  nah i do n't have any money to spare on games atm . 
  and i will probably end up getting borderlands2 or divinity os during winter . 
  i was just looking for a good place to spend my playfire credits since i want to forget about that site . 
  do i go there ? 
  i was born there !, 
  bunny dictator would be great because at least it is appealing to look at , most dictators are not models .
