  are any of the games available with steam code ? 
  anything bad/disapointing ? 
  wtf is this link :d, 
  or you could write a script for burn notice episode :d, 
  meh , they will be able to make his sperm from skin cells , damn . 
  well , he has other sources of dna , it does n't have to be skin . 
  have no idea , but potentially yes , though i think eli5 would explain how it works . 
  if you ask it there then please give a link . 
  probably brand thing , maybe all of their products in similar position are called mini 's, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you can find dna anywhere, 
  you do realize most of your cells contain your dna ? 
  im confused , are you trolling me or something ? 
  isnt antarctica considered a desert ? 
  are n't we still technically in the ice age ? 
  well educated people rarely swear , swearing is totally unnecessary . 
  and thats why girls milkshake brings all the boys to the yard . 
  and a bit brainless . 
  safety regulations arent just for show . 
  how can you fuck with someone who can barely hold his blade straight . 
  well for birds is that they arent grounded so electricity doesnt go through them if i understand correctly . 
  as for this guy , i dont think its safe but i wonder how should one deal with fire in such place ? 
  the problem is that the water might create circuitry somehow and that might get to him ? 
  do n't forget to give him a sock . 
  and pirates are hoping one day they will be able to download a car . 
  thats one hell of a spoiler , should probably put a warning there . 
  im pretty sure you can . 
  if only netflix would be available in my country . 
  destroying one of the planets completely ? 
  a giant swimming pool with no water full of timey wimey wibly wobly stuff . 
  am i the only one who thinks that his looks/age not that accurate for lex ? 
  is it true that they usually dont have even number of legs ? 
  between 20 and 35 , the more concerning part the body shape , should n't lex be very fit and tall ? 
  yea , i get full fast on such restaurants too , though i like trying out a lot of different dishes . 
  thanks , mixed them up . 
  not all doctors are educated well , being focused on one field is different . 
  exterminate !, 
  exterminate !, 
  whats there to love if i was incorrect : /, 
  good thing he did n't lose his sense of humor . 
  not a creepy title at all . 
  wasnt it already confirmed ? 
  i think he was just surfing net with pc mouse , the hand seems to have been on the table . 
  did n't have time to read it fully , was running inside too fast . 
  looks same as in fallout nv . 
  this is more of askscience than eli5 , as for question its probably all about how much oxygen your brain and other organs need . 
  you should have replied generic `` instructions were unclear , penis stuck in the car . '', 
  because obamacares . . 
  yea , some people forget that americans are fat . 
  is it some kind of thing from shrooms kingdom ? 
  how did she react ? 
  thanks for reply , i have n't got a lot of knowledge in these sort of things so was wondering . 
  here am i http://edgeofspace.gamepedia.com/user:wizislt, 
  already got half of the games , i guess ill try to lurk for free keys . 
  i would love titan quest, 
  after hard day of uni i love to get some gummy bears , i know its strange . 
  hard to chose , but ill go for dungeonland, 
  improved chicken ai , your move cod !, 
  there is a difference between democracy and strange form of anarchy . 
  obviously its not ok , but when it goes against geneva rules its a bit more serious . 
  seems like some aussie is teaching his snake to fetch beer . 
  is there discount for fallout 3 ultimate ? 
  almost finished nv , need some more for my addiction . 
  yep , thats known for anyone who studied at least basic psychology . 
  but the problem is not that they cause violence but the fact that parents have guns easily accessible and buy adult rated games for kids . 
  blaming games for the accidents is wrong and focus should be based on bad parenting . 
  my frogs would go nuts for this one . 
  wow thats a lot of reposts , and im seeing this for the first time : /, 
  using force is always better than gps . 
  i would feel that they say `` catch me if you can '' . 
  that seems pretty good for a normal built man that height . 
  thanks for giveaway , wanted this game for some time but dont have that much spare money . 
  it looks poisonous , or is it just to trick the animals ? 
  does it need the original game ? 
  if no then i would gladly try it . 
  goodluck , hope he gets better , how does he feel ? 
  you do realize they have internal networks and are not connected to world wide web ? 
  most modern lightbulbs needs 16watts , 150 watts would be enough to run most of the laptops . 
  i would probably go for last fringe season , movie the moon , and queens a night at the opera . 
  glad there were people to help you , hope it gets better for you mate . 
  3d print the figurines ? 
  wasnt madara 's ressurection body been mendled to make him stronger ? 
  seems like a good game why wouldnt any1 want it :d, 
  yea i want to do ask and eli5 on how those plants are working ( not the basic thing about how energy is created ), 
  sorry for your cat , as for ultratron number ill go 426, 
  cogs , waking mars, 
  thanks, 
  damn , that was a long respawn time . 
  thanks , been slow day on reddit today but you made me laugh , mate . 
  thats why no 1 picks her . 
  am i the only one who is bored by these type of `` levitation '' , the metal bar/platforms are so obvious, 
  this , went here wondering if it worth all the hate it might get by posting this theory , hope people understand this is pretty true . 
  you are very pretty . 
  why is it socially awkward ? 
  you might made that girls day , if you do that to expect something back , you are doing it wrong . 
  heh , thanks , made my day a bit better . 
  thats obviously why they are for . . just regular football shoes . 
  yea there are different types for different conditions , such as snow , water and etc. 
  might be true , but i saw sharp ones being used by professional football players so i thought its like those . 
  burning the bed might do the job .
