  im about to get my r9 card and have no idea if its a good game . 
  im getting r9 280x in few days , do you think the same stands for it ? 
  though my monitor atm is only 1680x1050 . . 
  yes, 
  maybe they are designed to rotate on vertical axis and in exchange diminishing the ability of rotation on horizontal ? 
  thats just my guess . 
  glad to see im not the only one in 280x club , though i made a bit of a mistake and took matx board but midi tower , though now i will be able to keep the case when upgrading in a year or two , and i dont need any extra things in atx , just went for cheaper . 
  i also went with 4570 as im not planning in overcloacking it , but as i see from non-stock cooler you probbably are . 
  it can still be profitable , just need to do quite a bit of reaserch in which currency to mine ( there are quite a few lesser known ones ) . 
  im going to start up witcher with everything maxed and ramped up . 
  might not be enough to stress my 280x but its the game which my old pc could n't handle almost at all . 
  damn im scared now to build , what if im actually retaded and will mess up something . 
  being math student ( almost bs ) doesnt quallify me to be intelligent : /, 
  yea but not on steroids like 290/x . 
  im not en expert , but wouldnt a server machine be cheaper ? 
  it would be safer to add a bit more ram if its heavy-modded server , othervise it minimises the number of chunk loaders and things like that . 
  will i have trouble instaling matx board into n300 case ? 
  yea im usually not that worried about graphics ( probably because i couldnt worry about it since my pc was old ) . 
  i 'm not sure if ill play watch dogs in a while since its a bit expensive ( just pushed a lot of money into pc already ) , and since the first thing ill play is witcher 1 & 2 ( i will see how much i can push my pc on 2nd ) . 
  which of the 280x did you chose ? 
  well my main battle was between asus and msi twin forzr , but at the end asus had quite a number of worrysome reports of issues with it , and all what msi had some issues with bios ( fixed as far as i understood ) and issues with fan lubrication ( very easy to fix if i get one of bad ones ) . 
  but wasnt it very bad received ? 
  i dont think it has bigger online population than a lot of the games on the list . 
  first of all sorry if any of this was asked , im at work so i cant read through all . 
  do this work with any hardware or are there any limitations ? 
  are there any country limitations with the cloud system ? 
  after skimping through first few comments i noticed that there are issues with resource draw , are there any alternative software you could recomend untill your product is polished ? 
  rpg , pretty much because it has a lot of story based content , though nowadays genres are mixed together so its hard to determine what pure rpg would look like . 
  first of all , using numbers to rate something as subjective as games/movie experiance is a bit stupid . 
  second of all , 60 % movies are usually not good , yes you can sit and watch them and sometimes even enjoy it , but it will surely have quite a some of drawbacks . 
  where for games , you are interacting with games and putting in them more time than movies , also a lot of games are several times more expensive than a movie and you would want something closer to perfect than average . 
  ok ive got my new parts and there seems to be a problem with standoff hole placement . 
  my mobo is gigabyte b85m-d3h , and case is cooler master n300 . 
  6/7 standoffs from the motherboard alligns perfectly with placement on case but one ( middle right ) hole is way too far from where the standoff place on the case is . 
  help anyone ? 
  there are no holes on the case itself where it should be , as i wrote . . 
  nah , i only added pegs witch align with mobo holes . 
  i kinda liked it , hail hydra !, 
  wait , werent you at the last annual hydra meeting ? 
  what about unigine valley ? 
  was running it maxed for 15mins or so and temps are at 73c is that ok ? 
  msi 280x , where do i see my curve ? 
  i kinda find few apps useful , like the calendar one or weather . 
  and my computer boots pretty fast so i didint notice it saying hibernating , does this mean if i leave ff open when shutting down it will be running when i turn back on ? 
  as for start menu , i find that kinda less troublesome , i was n't much of its user before so i find lack of it fine . 
  well , ceasar was politically knifed and that was pretty entertaining i think . 
  maybe stronger than american ones ( everything is , even water ) , but not european . 
  of course there are hundreds of different brands and micro 's so its tough thing to compare . 
  but it was political knifing by physical means . . 
  as if mailmen will be necesary in near future . 
  robots will take over most of the job . 
  the true intention of this pyramid is monument from godzilla worshipers . 
  because grand buildings like that have top-notch quake protection ( like most modern buildings in quake-zones ) . 
  and fire most of the times can be isolated and treated . 
  im pretty sure japanese engineers are good enough to plan it correctly . 
  shut up gandhi . 
  honestly , as someone who rarely gets fast food ( few times a year ) , i would love to try something like this once . 
  sounds like typical american over here . 
  shouting at people to shut up for stating an oppinion . 
  whats the typical alc strength of beer over at canada ? 
  yep + / - same as our more popular ones in lithuania . 
  the principles behind it are pretty simple . 
  simple enough for person with above average intelligence , commitment , few simple old electronics and acces to internet , to be able to do . 
  well our most popular one ( atleast i think its most popular ) has a bit lower 5.2 % , it would be hard to find stuff with less than 4 % and still good . 
  and i even forgot that american beer cans are that small . . no wonder they bring 6-packs everywhere . 
  i would love to see this done on a bigger sample of experiments and see what statistical bias might emmerge . 
  its actually hard to say how it would work , there might be statistical significant unconscious bias in choosing someone who is most likely your father . 
  do we have any actuall back story to his early days , before he stole tardis and started regeneration cycle ? 
  no its not a dumb statement , there are wide sample of beers , but only a portion of it is consumed by a big portion of population and is popular , most of americans consume pretty weak beer , where an average beer elsewhere would be 5 % + . 
  damn it trevor . . 
  yes you can predict what people are going to do . . you can also controll what they are going to do , especially in stress driven situation . 
  yep beer is pretty cheap here , in a restourant you can get 0.5 l 5.2 % for ~ 2-3 dollars ( more on 3 $ side during sport events in arenas ) . 
  i tried watching the first season , but its just not really interesting . 
  thats pretty darn amazing , you could build the tallest skyscraper out of it . 
  well pack of smokes would cost about 4-5 dollars in a shop , 0,5 l bottle of beer in a shop would cost less than dollar . 
  we can swich places if you want !, 
  thats why its not used . . im not suggesting it , im just saying that it would still probably function . 
  there are rumors of a secret graphic level less than potato !, 
  also fix math , you take those 3 things out of pc to get equal ng consoles . 
  when i saw that price ... whats the point of it . . just run 2x 290x and you will get more punch from it and twice as cheap . . 
  nah my monitor isnt full 1080 , its 1680x1050 ( or close to that ) . 
  source ? 
  so any y = / = 0 is fine ? 
  yes you can , y = / = 0 , all else fits . 
  thats literally an equation for couple minutes . . 
  well its not really a complicated equation , but yea it would take longer . 
  you need to remember that it cant be 0 though , the canceling out means that it can be anything . 
  also fork is a best dagger !, 
  something something bear grills . . 
  oh i didint know that , thanks !, 
  application is applied cognitive functions . 
  i tend to imply that not all people who choose art are stupid . . 
  its incurable so no point in seeing the doctor . . 
  god damn it . . i lost it at the end . . 
  i started wondering why its different color ... you got me . . 
  so what if i threaten myself to commit suicide ? 
  idk , lots of stuff is fun for me the first time . 
  or bad diet and lack of exercise . . 
  is bike your only way of exercise ? 
  well then its also a possibility .
