  ugh need to save up some money and get darksouls on next sale . 
  it pretty much is . 
  it is for certain times when the supply of shoppers cant be cycled out efficiently . 
  seems like latvians like fallout 3 too . 
  with no income and time yes . 
  and someone made a post about this and got karma . 
  win win win win win win, 
  well based on my econometrical model for karma gain , that was the most efficient place to post . 
  but this droid is not the one you should look for . 
  and im studying for finals now ... 
  math math math math math math --  math ^ \u221e, 
  are you diagnosed or are you just claiming to have adhd just because of this ? 
  i would probably sit down and laugh my ass while eating the cake of my face even though i hate cake . 
  this man needs to be researched of how he is still alive . 
  wow seems like 1994 was a good year in film making . 
  hmm i should try it , as i got my e-ink book reader for christmas need to fill library . 
  why not ? 
  originality is a good thing . 
  so cant lawyers . 
  { b } reaking { p } iracy, 
  so ln ( win ) + win x ln ( 10 ), 
  so i guess not enough people are buying dlc . . 
  lieutenant nuts, 
  so they returned due to weather conditions , or am i wrong ? 
  damn it richard parker ... 
  sure , because domesticated tiger would be so reliable . 
  then it looks like you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  plot twist -  thats actually their secret handshake . 
  didint your leader invent cars ? 
  japan is in terrible economic condition for over 20years , how are they thriving ? 
  you mean mmorpg ? 
  probably poe , cabal ( if i remember they didint have dragons ) and im pretty sure tons of other ones . 
  but all the people must know leaders works , therefore they should now that it wount explode like that !, 
  come on , you can do it easier 26 +19 = 45 so it removes the square , also 45 = 9x5 so you can multiply 24 by 5 and then by 9 , makes it easy , and then you can add 47 , otherwise the sixth grader would need calculator or more time multiplying . 
  their size is scaled up to show the number of them , so it would n't look like that . 
  being hipster before knowing what hipster means . 
  i think that very warm water is the key . 
  that 's a year in reddit years . 
  well duh . . 
  ugh damn took long enough to noticed the online part . . 
  did you stay all night to get lucky ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ why ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ did ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ write ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ this . . 
  heh thats why i like watching movies based on books ive read , it just brings back all the memories and is quite enjoyable . 
  ( unless its a terrible adaptation ), 
  i wonder what some other stuff would make you say ... 
  this one seems quite ok . 
  meh , i didint even bother posting on my cakeday , nothing original i could think off and i dont have cats , frogs dont attract as much upvotes . 
  im pretty sure they happen in many places , americans just has the biggest voice . 
  are you familiar with crystals , they do `` grow '' ? 
  is it true ? 
  was my whole life a lie ? 
  thats why those long distance runs are interesting to watch , you never know whose strategy will be better . 
  you actually know . 
  yea thats what i thought later after seeing that there was a row of people behind them . 
  civ5 not installed , shame on you op . 
  so someone triggered a temple trap ? 
  as an econometrist - correlation does n't mean causation ... 
  isnt that technically true ? 
  never seen this so do n't care that its repost , but damn that had to smell insanely bad !, 
  sleep more , and spend other time productively . 
  an extreme version of those vibrating pillow things . 
  what does this mean for us people , can someone explain ? 
  ( not from us so didint follow this ), 
  i 'm always amazed by his rich vocabulary . 
  though many things he says are a bit stupid . 
  so based on mathematical transitivity ( because i have poor vocabulary ) i must also be stupid . . god damnit . 
  not in eastern europe though , drivers here tend to swear a lot and do sudden breaks , not wait when some1 is running towards a bus and etc. 
  though with what they are being paid i would n't give a fuck also . 
  so did you stay out late ? 
  be tired and ungly *, 
  how is that so ? 
  transportation requires more fuel , all the food requires water ( which usually consumes fuel in all sorts of ways ) and other resources , then also they probably farts a lot ? 
  the sound on this video is way more amazing . 
  big bad wolf got a date from red riding hood ? 
  i fixed it because it was wrong , not because i 'm ashamed . 
  i do n't care if someone saw or not , if i do a mistake i correct myself ... 
  but having bad attitude towards others is something what you ca n't fix . 
  i always fall for it as i like discussions . . 
  mate you did it also , we can see what you voted for !, 
  op is also a mean meanie !, 
  though cthulhu salad would be more funny :d, 
  lucky number 20 , and you win 20 dollars , well sounds like you should go to a casino and bet all of it on 20 at roulette . 
  i dont get it , arent tvs actually going towards 20:9 and wider ? 
  even though that is not what the name will be it is still funny thinking about person named cthulhu , knowing that it supposed to be unpronounceable . 
  sadly the gravitational attraction was n't strong enough to defeat the friction and they never met . 
  i 'm a math student , so these words are essential for me , and still a lot of terms i know in my native language i would n't probably be able to say on the spot in english . 
  my native is lithuanian , but as i 've been learning english since 6 years old i 'm kinda bilingual . 
  i thought that a lot of americans know spanish ? 
  i know a bit of german and french but i have n't put much time in growing my vocabulary in those . 
  i 'm pretty sure its a , i 've aced my driving test . 
  but i 'm not american so it might be different in the freedom land . 
  on this occasion it was n't really transitive property of equality , though the idea is similar . 
  is n't noise required for vehicle because silent cars would increase the number of accidents ? 
  this issue became more vocal after electric cars became more common . 
  sorry , should have read the story . 
  im pretty sure there is energy collector at the center which doesnt let the heat to pass through it . 
  ( hence its solar energy generator ), 
  maybe in the wild , they are quite common pets . 
  wtf , 20 for a single train ? 
  tales of achievements ...
