  how bout a brunch ? 
  get some lucifer action in there . 
  there is no rule for that amount though . 
  sure they are not attempting , that is why quite a few of those countries are increasing defense expenditure . 
  with a saw obviously . 
  but it is now blocked in a lot of other countries . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  not only very little seeds but it also seems like it is perfectly ripe to be tasty . 
  i am not from us , can someone explain what associates degree even is ? 
  closet was a test and he failed it !, 
  like what the fuck , these people might have fucked up future of those kids , it is so hard to come back up from bad education when they are that young . 
  you ded . 
  ca n't wait for more of him not understanding sarcasm/metaphors . 
  we need both to be sustainable . 
  but people seem to forget that carbon tax is to shift peoples consumption from carbon intense habits to less so and force the companies to innovate . 
  they also pollute more because they are manufacturing for consumption of the western world hence a lot of their pollution is our pollution . 
  yeah one american kid is like 10 ethiopian kids . 
  and in pounds . 
  what a crappy life they had if they instantly imply theft instead of kindness . 
  obviously social engineer . 
  hmm weird , during my bachelors studies from day one we had studies related to my degree and general stuff was spaced out for whole 4 years . 
  though i studied statistics ( econometrics ) . 
  i guess it is different in america a bit . 
  not sure who is worse , pence or trump . 
  his dignity shattered though . 
  soon they will sling tactical nukes instead of rocks . 
  i am pretty sure he is just trolling . 
  you know , because he is sjin . 
  vendettas are what makes this game interesting . 
  i already know it is navy seal one without understanding the language . 
  us emits about twice as much per capita as eu . 
  though it is 2013 data so now it might be even more . 
  do not worry my friend , cthulhu will hear your call . 
  they produce a lot of things which eu and us ( and other countries ) consume , so it is kinda our contribution too . 
  and per capita they are lower than us iirc . 
  because they do not produce more ? 
  they just have more people so if they lived in us they would produce even more . 
  and do you want to just prevent those people from driving cars , or do you want them to consume less than you do , or do you want them to stop making things which you consume ? 
  you seem to have some type of feeling of superiority without realizing that us is being bashed because they are over-consuming and not being efficient comparing to rest of western world . 
  heck they will soon be not efficient even if we take developing country standards . 
  but what do you want them to do ? 
  you want the people living in china be inferior and restrict them to some kind of caves consuming very carbon efficient food while you will live in your huge houses with terrible carbon footprint , cooled/heated by inefficient means and drive your oversized car to eat a huge steak ? 
  ok it seems like you are a troll because you do not understand the fundamental problem within your arguments . 
  they ca n't emit less co2 . 
  it seems like you want to just nuke them . 
  yes china has ~ 1/5 of the worlds population and they emit 1/3 pollution . 
  us has ~ 1/25 of the worlds population and they are producing 1/7 of the worlds pollution . 
  if you think that this means that china is bigger polluter then you have lack of fundamental comprehension skills . 
  do you want them to die or what ? 
  and us emissions are 300 % of worlds average ( worlds average though is lower than it would be if a lot of people would not be starving or living in poverty ) . 
  china already is controlling the size of population . 
  you keep repeating that we have only one earth . 
  but do you understand that average american is using up twice as much of earth as average person from china ? 
  the best way to address this is trough carbon tax . 
  make people shift consumption from carbon intensive products towards efficient ones . 
  i do n't trust you wish granters , not after the incident . 
  well maybe i am out of line but when the person is projecting inequality it is hard to respond in other ways . 
  will russia then repay all the money ukraine put into that region ? 
  yes , but extinction would take much more time . 
  humans are very good at adapting . 
  sure billions will die but that would not be extinction . 
  savitar is grodd confirmed ? 
  can barry even compare to savitar 's speed ? 
  or will we get wally beat him ? 
  heck swimming would probably help you do it faster , would n't it ? 
  i thought rowing might harm your shoulders ? 
  that last tire was scary as shit . 
  ca n't even imagine staying in the path of it like people below were . 
  hmm , so maybe mumen rider in one punch man is representing the absurdity of that . 
  had no idea that channel existed , thanks !, 
  for me usa was a meme for centuries . 
  the great swole leader, 
  i ca n't even understand how something like that is happening . 
  it should have been very easy for them to program things like that but they still managed to fuck up . 
  as they always say , when in doubt , meth . 
  it still has a lot of good action scenes and you can still see a lot of parody if you watch a few anime 's . 
  though something like gintama i could not get into it because a lot of jokes goes over my head in it . 
  well road accidents create a lot of unnecessary cost for the country so subsidizing autonomous cars could probably be cost neutral . 
  it is not only property damage , it is also healthcare costs . 
  as far as i seen its more cities skylines because it is not seemed to be that hard . 
  no wonder , his last name has hell in it . 
  nuke hype !, 
  since there was no preview maybe not ? 
  hmm for me it is cheaper than most games on launch . 
  yea , i recall rct2 and 3 being pretty easy . 
  hmm i would have expected it to affect both , citizens probably would not like to see their army razing and killing all the people . 
  do n't listen to people like this . 
  you are definitely one of the people who brightens the game . 
  mongolian war tactics . 
  well for me it is 35 euros when civ6 is 60 euros . 
  so yes , i do consider this to be relatively cheaper . 
  i wonder if they have it split into 2 eu regions . 
  but if public would look at these things as achievements maybe it would be done more often ? 
  we definitely need more acceptance and comprehension of scientific evidence in politics . 
  this is why if god exists he is a jerk . 
  `` ok , today i am going to make this weak ass animal which can only eat eucalyptus ( which is terrible food ) and also i am going to make them very , very stupid . 
  oh , let 's also make it capable of making very annoying noises . 
  hmm , am i forgetting anything ? 
  oh right , let 's also give them chlamydia '', 
  well you are still in far better position than people in my country .
