  like sjws calling people trolls for having different opinion and etc. 
  why not make hidden titles like in some subreddits ? 
  yeah , when something goes viral it becomes a dumb gimmick . 
  funny thing that i read the first half without realizing there were mistakes , something clicked after half point and my brain stopped reading automatically . 
   soon good channels, 
  sorry , ca n't tell the future . 
  yeah , i would understand if long lost cousin from completely different country somehow managed to get to f1 and race together with him . 
  but when you have parents very good at something you might find it inspiring and also will have someone to teach you and you will have all the connections ( also some genes helps too probably ) . 
  great . . now i imagine granny with big gold chain , with weed t-shirt and `` 420 blaze it '' hat , smoking a joint and selling weed on a corner . 
  come on , she is a die hard criminal , put her into maximum security for 50 years . 
  hard to race f1 on gas planets . 
  yep , 10 seconds quick . 
  is n't 45k just the payment for the climb not including all the equipment and training ? 
  that is how i cut my carbon emissions , knives at the end of the exhaust . 
  you do n't know it but you are actually blind now . 
  me too . 
  ah , would n't be good old fun yogscast without porn level acting !, 
  might be engine limitations so in that case it would be harder to implement no limits . 
  a lot of engines definitely have limits . 
  especially since arrow is probably worst of the 4 . 
  i am trying to enjoy and i still watch it , but the decisions made by creators ( writers ? ), 
  makes so little sense . 
  well daisy and rest of shield did stop an apocalypse level event , on par with ultron/invaders in avengers 1 , without any help from guys like hulk ( well maybe lash counts a bit ? ), 
  or thor . 
  the problem is not the felicity herself but the fact that she became the main character/focus of the show , imho it should be oliver . 
  hmm so recent movie everest was pretty decent on accuracy . 
  really liked that movie . 
  i wonder if they have scripts or set responses for that because so many of them repeat same thing over and over again . 
  yea i have the climb on queue , hopefully i will eventually get to it . 
  will check into thin air , thanks . 
  tbh not a lot of people were very positive about it from the start . 
  we even had god damn kree crash onto the planet ... 
  well he is called green arrow now . 
  well them being not on the news makes sense , they are working in the shadows . 
  about one in 43 quintillion . 
  good thing i am studying machine learning . 
  suck that ai 's . 
  no it would n't , shield and avengers are intertwined . 
  squidward was a global threat which would have been easily fixed by calling up at least one of them . 
  this made me feel tingly even with the laughtrack . 
  this is more of a british style humor than american style humor ( but it is kinda neither ) . 
  british comedians often joke about themselves , american ones joke about others ( it is a crude generalization but that is how i see when people talk about british or american humor ) . 
  yea but it is bigger than that !, 
  for some reason i had to pick the obvious troll one , so many people had the same idea . 
  most of them do make sense . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  it is most definitely trolls doing it . 
  even purely based votes on viewership and ratings it would not make sense . 
  well liv moore is a main protagonist of her comics/show and main hero there , so it does make sense to include at least one person from the show , same with lucifer ( who is more antihero i guess ) . 
  who knows ? 
  both are definitely dc tv shows and that is what the question is about . 
  anarky will kill felicity , confirmed . 
  this is how all cities in dc universe looks , you ca n't escape it , at least you will not have to deal with metahumans on this one . 
  me too buddy , me too . . hopefully they will come back someday . 
  i mean they have been crappy for couple of years now so you probably are held as a hostage ? 
  what if kylo ren is actually luke 's child ? 
  would explain a lot . 
  [ ohhh my goood ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70utg1l5bfu ), 
  cartman would approve . 
  if only they required little maintenance . 
  how large is a measure ? 
  what are you talking about , lucifer was not in arrow . . 
  her being luke 's child is popular theory . 
  but kylo ren being product of incest would explain why he is so messed up . 
  which is weird when you have tornadoes . 
  that is why humans are so successful , everyone hates someone and bands together to do it in cooperation . 
  us is definatelly a buggy country . 
  hopefully someone will release 2.0 patch ( \\ #trump 2016 ) . 
  i mean , in belarus wages that would be comparably similar ( or maybe us one will be cheaper depending on the state ) . 
  so we are beating americans almost like we beat brazil ? 
  are you a nomad living on top of a secular mountain ? 
  i guess sweden is just weird that way . 
  nah , i already hate you so it kinda does not work . 
  well stepping up would be an usual uncle thing so it does not sway the theory in any direction . 
  what happened already happened , they already live in timeline where they made the changes . 
  this definitely a great movie scene . 
  well that is pretty much the scientific process . 
  same , and another third to sleep . 
  you must be genius . 
  and joker . 
  luckily op is a known karma whore ant it is not his video , the guy filming the video helped him at the end . 
  yeah , their polluting shit killed half of bees in my grandparents village . 
  well human 's are technically animals . 
  you ca n't belly rub a nuke and make it fine though . 
  if i dated a supermodel i would give up on porn and masturbation too . 
  do they flap them even when they are asleep ? 
  well it was obvious he will destroy it , the story is what made the video interesting . 
  not just that , label all the food which have molecules in them , those things can kill you !, 
  a lot of the things he does anyone ( who is not totally physically incapable ) can do after one day of learning the tricks . 
  got any tactical hydrogen forks ? 
  too soon, 
  does this guy have anything what is not cringe ? 
  that 's the moment when i just turned the video off . 
  i really like it . 
  it has a lot of action so if you want that you might enjoy it . 
  i wonder if someone who sails a lot would have easier time picking it up ? 
  you kinda have to steer the sailing yacht in the same manner . 
  well she kinda has super powers ? 
  also lucifer is another dc show but not on cw . 
  do n't forget worst tech writing in the universe .
