  i just really loved luxury system so this makes me a bit sad . 
  still holding onto my money and waiting for reviews . 
  just do n't know what sites to trust these days . 
  you have to make sound effects to increase the force obviously . 
  and affinities kinda takes place of the ideologies ? 
  though still the congress is missing , and that i think will be somehow made into expansion . 
  i was confused about that episode , they introduced magnets and then never used them in anything ? 
  damn i did n't get it , no wonder i watch gotham , i need everything to be overly obvious . 
  yep , pesky pirates will never know what 's coming . 
  purge 3 - the rise of manbat . 
  thanks for spoilers mate . 
  was about to watch the first episode :(, 
  but russia does n't care that its people are taking all the damage , they have agenda to cut ties with western economy and does n't care if few people will suffer, 
  i imagine that the way they use colonization is a great way to incorporate into difficulties , you colonize the planet when other ones been there for 10 + turns . 
  reddit , i think we just found 4chan . 
  i 'm too afraid to open my lenovo v560 to clean it up , i fear that i will break it . 
  and once you get his full respect and friendship , stab him in the back . 
  i think that from technical point of view too much of new issues which are not present in civ will not happen . 
  lets hope they fixed some current issues . 
  damn . . 
  did n't know i get a statue when i get gold . 
  i would believe that dead cow would also be complicated after rigor mortis . 
  embracing what life gives you . 
  this man deserves customers . 
  what if . . hear me out ... what if . . lets say . . the red dot is not real ? 
  nah , reddit hive-mind thinks the same . 
  would not call it great . 
  though we are one and all are one of us . 
  there are those few games when you decide to just be all out enemies from start ,, 
  probably tag as nsfw/spoiler . 
  but what if vaccines are the cause ? 
  think of the children !, 
  i would like darksiders 2 , 389 . 
  do you have enough psu power to handle two 290s ? 
  since that sounds like it would eat power a lot . 
  but amd will also eat more electricity , so in long term the price tends to equalize , depending on run time . 
  show me your math mate . 
  at least that would imply hitting the car . 
  he might be just zero . 
  its not a theory , its footage from episode , in must series subreddits that is considered spoiler for at least few days ( usually untill next ep ) . 
  more like obvious internet lie . 
  i think that alliances are how they supposed to be , about whose side you would join , you will probably break the alliance with the attacker . 
  though it gets a bit more complicated now , since we have no engineers to boost it . 
  honest question , if coca cola uses a lot of water from india and then sells cola at us/europe , does that mean they put more water into natural cycle in those regions , or this does not make too much of an effect ? 
  yep , it felt only weird at beginning . 
  but maybe , if the makers would be so bad they would need to make excuses , it would be better at 30 ? 
  nah it transmits tactile sensors information through internet . 
  hmm , a piano which has electrical wires connected to giant pool which creates electric shock to make whales sing . 
  adding more weak horses will definitely multiply the speed of carriage , am i right ? 
  how long are these streams usually ? 
  still better than expecting divine reward for doing awful things . 
  well whoever would sit on it would surely twitch . 
  what i want is for him to show a bit more of diplomacy and spying , at the moment i think rev3 was best stream to get a lot of information . 
  its repetitive because they are trying to reach different audiences by going on different media distributors , so each time they are going in assuming that they are talking with someone who does not know those things . 
  well my book says that magic is real and we all are just muggles . 
  well we do have plains these days . 
  every god damn fucking time ... 
  well i doubted that my 280x would have any lag anyway , but now i will be easily playing on silent mode . 
  yay for mantle support . 
  huh , why this gif does n't move for me . . that was very sad scene . 
  damn thats pretty smart i guess , though no depth perception with that . 
  good job , now you will make people remember the movie and feel sad . 
  everything is paradox if you believe hard enough . 
  i thought it was a comics , til there is a book . 
  joke 's on you , res clicked it for me !, 
  i would not , but that 's because i do n't like ac series , if it was on something i 'm interested , i would . 
  i would guess thats satire ? 
  that sounds like an advert for vpns . 
  new type of bizarro flash . 
  firestorm - flame master ? 
  its safer driving fast than walking around all those snakes , spiders and dropbears . 
  or heavily unoptimized game . 
  yes this is wrong , you are just being an asshole . 
  you mean to say you do n't own photos of yourself with stock watermarks ? 
  op should have posted a decent graph , not just sample of 5 days . 
  this might be result of a trend not a result of their publications . 
  r.lucas would like to have a word with you . 
  i do n't know mate , i 'm usually excited when i touch my johnson . 
  i want to believe they are mid 40ties , that could be a movie . 
  ramsey confirmed as hannibal 's antagonist for next season . 
  there is something therapeutic in watching ramsey shouting at `` stupid '' people . 
  damn , without reading the title it took me far too long to notice whats wrong . . 
  oh those good old transformers glitches , sad that now all of glitches are in the plot . 
  thats the thing , consistent taste in those volumes would be impossible in normal ways ,, 
  i 'm sure he also had several ebola 's . 
  `` fuck it , nature does not want me to recycle . '', 
  chainsaw  every other bladed weapon, 
  honestly , she did what probably anyone would have done , what else will you do with the bag . 
  oh god . . that movie . . 
  well now whenever i will see it , i will try to imply it is that . 
  it can make some things hilarious . 
  is your wife single ? 
  well the last time i saw it i think i was 14 , it was cool back then when i did n't care much . 
  well you do know that all gamers worship satan ? 
  sitting here , just watching this gif for 5mins . . 
  i really do n't know what i expected by clicking that . . 
  why res does n't show gifv 's already : /, 
  whenever i see a large army closing in i always panic and pay w/e he needs to start a war with someone else . 
  relatively no one would buy it at that price , that would just be stupid , as anyone with very little of economical knowledge could tell you , thats not how economy works . 
  anything can look `` cool '' with abundance of leds .
