  i am not bashing his intelligence or anything , i am pretty sure he is quite smart , just that it 's what i consider to be his greatest role , being a voice of our community . 
  what ? 
  at the end , who cares what music people like and enjoy . 
  if something makes them happy so be it . 
  what the hell are those tiny people doing inside my flatscreen !, 
  you say that a lot . 
  my country sucking at the sport makes it easier to boycott this . 
  i am considering upgrading it , i mostly use my computers for gaming , movies and r programming . 
  but those auto updates are really keeping me away . . 
  nah , the point is for you to invest $ 100m 's . 
  there is only one true good anubis !, 
  i have been recently re-watching the whole series in order . 
  got trough all sg-1 in 2 months , not i am on final season of atlantis . 
  it is a great show to rewatch . 
  well , you will wake up with some money in the pockets , ca n't be too bad . 
  damn , you must have whored yourself out to someone rich . 
  there is always a hope lingering somewhere deep in the subconsciousness . 
  they go in groups , this would be bad on your kidneys . 
  do n't worry , most people will not notice . 
  well unless they will read your comment ... 
  why the hell would that surprise someone ? 
  you probably could combine some words for those things . 
  for example toilet = log well and etc. 
  it does not matter , the hope is always there . 
  did you see the top of mona lisa head trough all the crowd ? 
  did not know that saturn is surrounded by giant solid structure . . 
  we still do n't really know what happened , but planes would probably be just rerouted ? 
  there were tons of useful ones , they often still get banned because of some bug or other type of abuse . 
  i think that every part of that guy is pretty worthless . 
  without magnetic field ? 
  probably , maybe not room temperature , but no where close to cause serious problem . 
  nah , these forces bugs to work until they die . 
  congrats , you are not blind !, 
  hoping to win !, 
  never had any good gaming peripherals . 
  and floki following him around as a gnome . 
  silly little cockroach !, 
  \\ #wolflivesmatter, 
  yeah , more and more it is going towards china 's model . 
  even lhc needs a vacation . 
  trained by bear grills to survive wilderness , applies skills to elevator too . 
  maybe its maybeline ? 
  / r/firstworldanarchists, 
  yes , you are a dirty whore !, 
  well for non american , my brain would not really know if its a real place or not , so it got ignored . 
  * the moment sugar kicks in . 
  damn , that is almost a plot for a terrible comedy movie . 
  so according to plot you should be fine soon !, 
  that 's why you do n't have money . 
  maybe , if those trees are planted at correct places . 
  they borrowed purses from few audience members , and then took things out of them to improvise . 
  this might show that it is not scripted . 
  so . . at work ? 
  i think that guy might be just trolling . . 
  what does lp have to do with this ? 
  yea this is a funny bit in they show , they find so many random stuff in purses . 
  quick !, 
  kill it with fire !, 
  everyone is , we are just brave enough to admit it !, 
  street sharks , a live action spin-off confirmed !, 
  remember , remember !, 
  the fifth of november ,, 
  the gunpowder treason and plot ;, 
  i know of no reason, 
  why the gunpowder treason, 
  should ever be forgot !, 
  then it becomes guessing . 
  and basing everything on probability of each outcome in guess being true . 
  as if all the examinators will fact check everything . 
  this will create a bias in the scores wo n't it ? 
  wait what ? 
  annoying drm and no multiplayer ? 
  well it 's not the main reason he got to jail . . 
  seems like he in general was offensive ( maybe mental problems , who knows ) . 
  it is badass for those who survive , probability that you would survive is low ( statistically ) . 
  like . . 
  i would be a bit less resentful if he at least checked if the cameraman was ok , but this guy just walks away ... what a shitty sportsmanship . 
  thats what bothers me most , how the hell can professional athlete act like that . . 
  i get that in heat of a game you can accidentally throw it at someone , but fucking check if that person is ok and apologize like most of the athletes do . . 
  this is how randomly generated car looks like . 
  people have trouble glitching it there on purpose , and you do it by accident . . gg wp op . . 
  november sith, 
  he would fit quite well in supernatural as man of letters . 
  because it is an impossible question to answer ... you rank up when you are worthy . 
  probably more than just w/l matters . 
  just like always . 
  damn , loved this one , any similar songs out there ? 
  op is bundle of sticks ? 
  what 's new ? 
  but do they use that bad american chocolate ? 
  q : what was the name of the hair salon next to the graveyard ? 
  a : curl up and dye . 
  just like the time before that . 
  i am not sure those are this secure . 
  would not be much of a challenge since you see everything , it would be just waste of time . 
  love the arrow , as someone who does n't use twitter i appreciate it . 
  thanks for a chance !, 
  damn so many people giving away today , thanks for a chance !, 
  poor university student hopes to win here !, 
  damn , trolls sometimes can come up with some great stuff .
