  now if only carbon tax would happen , but there is too much push against it . 
  well it was a village with a sky scraper so it ca n't be that small . 
  yea , i think it is the usa president coming to earth . 
  i wonder how does it work , will ethiopia send the planes back or just keep them stolen ? 
  why do all these people trying to teach animals to communicate always end up being crazy and full of shit . 
  should have poured that fake blood into the skull . 
  that is exactly what i meant , i thought it was clear . 
  in this case terrorists are everyone who does not support assad . 
  ok i have no idea about their history other than that ethiopia is pushover in euiv . 
  going to read it up some time . 
  fuck it , i 'll just google what teal is . 
  next year you better be holy shit . 
  lifelong tinnitus . 
  only when i do it . 
  cheap property ? 
  someone took his daily dose in krokodil . 
  do n't forget you have 50 $ worth of candy just for yourself . 
  death . 
  this is the damn safe all over again . 
  i mean , you are on the internet . 
  if there was only a way to search for info like this . 
  especially when risk falls on economy so for the country to fund healthcare is the most logical way to add to growth . 
  bad healthcare systems has immense cost for the government . 
  then again with all the pharmacy companies in the country i guess they ca n't see the logic trough all the lobbying . 
  there are plenty of papers written on this but somehow media forgets and goes for presenting what the business says . 
  it is far cheaper for the country to fund the healthcare than to bare the cost of unhealthy population . 
  it looks customly made from different pieces . 
  looks like troll . 
  damn , all that only for 1 gram . 
  have we not found any other way to contain radiation than lots and lots of dense metal ? 
  you will become california man . 
  well considering what type of institutes are needed to produce them it makes sense to name it more than just after a scientist . 
  for a second duncan made me think that maybe it was sean bean pretending to be an actor who is pretending to be sean bean . 
  just be happy you are not florida man . 
  is this an ad for chipotle ? 
  do n't parking officers in us have to take pictures of the cars they ticket ? 
  it is how it 's done in quite a few european countries for some time now . 
  no he did n't . 
  how did he not knock himself out from the first hit ? 
  they are not eating the candy , they are saying they ate it . 
  is this your first time encounter with a social concept known as joke ? 
  far bigger problems are causing obesity than some candy once a year . 
  you are that dense . . 
  you do realize that fat is less dense than muscle ? 
  that is not how biology works . . 
  so because of bigger number of cars the logical thing is to do opposite of what reduces error rate and would reduce cost in the system ? 
  what 's some extra hearing damage going to do . 
  what a mindfuck . 
  i never expected it to be this bad . 
  i cant even understand this way of thinking . 
  they are called fire ** fighters ** for a reason . 
  144hz busts on the other hand . 
  not a lot of people come back from college alive . 
  can not unsee . 
  why would something like this presented as a question ?? 
  this can be determined by medical examination if necessary . 
  was this done on purpose to agitate him ? 
  hope she does n't have children . 
  ca n't imagine living with parent like that . 
  well if you ignore the wheels you have a board which hovers . 
  ehh , it would not be as hard to make it work with those too . 
  yea , it is quite offensive to call the world a sphere , my grandfather died when he fell of the edge . 
  like seriously , did the op buy military grade smoke granades ? 
  yes and those not fireworks cause a mayhem of that degree ? 
  that poor fake pigman . 
  also fighting type . 
  still could be thing of the future . 
  darwin . 
  so i 'm thinking about getting pillars or divinity , can someone run down comparison between these 2 ? 
  no idea , i am not american so fireworks are not that hard to get . 
  since he does not seem to age we will have him for ever . 
  hmm seems like divinity might be better for me , i like story in the game and interacting with the world but i hate when it is too deep . 
  do both of these games have a lot of different classes or build variety ? 
  will they rename it to atlantis too ? 
  i stole it and burned it . 
  world cup with only american teams in it . 
  chill mate , there is balance on the internet , you americans can boast about your baseball teams and we can talk shit about the name . 
  it is what holds us together . 
  world part . 
  why do americans care that much that we care ? 
  just ignore our banter already . 
  so we should call our national sport championships in lithuania world series because teams have tons of players from abroad ? 
  usually people who buy houses in cheap places have no idea why it 's cheap and they are happy about their neat barter skills . 
  not after the accident . 
  why not make them square ? 
  damn , this is ultimate justice porn . 
  i kinda think that it benefits a show like that , binging it would not be the same since it barely gives you time to think about or discuss the episode . 
  i disagree , advancement will come best trough cooperation . 
  heck all these missions are already under complete cooperation . 
  and one of those countries completely screwed themselves over . 
  yes . 
  komodo dragon then bites godzila and it dies of infection . 
   try really really hard , work for years and years , then realize you 're too old . 
  ftfy, 
  did he say he was the first one ? 
  seems like only george can wear it . 
  new tactical move to incapacitate your opponents . 
  will be cordless belt hopefully . 
  informercial for condoms . 
  this is how humanity is going to end .
