  i also considered having add , but i realized that it must be something more drastic than just procrastination urge . 
  could she fit in baikal ? 
  now i want op to arrange 54 bags of skittles on the ground to show the histogram . 
  `` good guy boss gives vacation days '' - americans ... 
  i study math at uni and it 's the similar story . 
  we are bad at math which 99 % of population never heard of . 
  i am surprised that he had . 
  hmm that is quite a lot even for normal countries , are you working at that place for a while ? 
  edit : i am fucking dumb , i did a data collection on this and so i remember all the numbers , but i forgot that it was all about workdays . 
  so yeah , 5 weeks is not unusual . 
  forever . 
  that is one fat burglar cat !, 
  well it does not really look stupid ? 
  that is how lenses work . . sure on the cameras they are a bit more complex , but the main function is the same . 
  statistics , and journalists do not understand that . 
  if you really want a dick inside you that much , there is probably no need to become a woman . 
  so pretty much nothing would change ? 
  he just really wants to pee . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  this gif has nothing to initiate such discussion . . 
  i do have 150k comment karma , i am pretty sure that constitutes that i do , in fact , reddit . . 
  often in the morning you are still sleepy enough , so it is pretty random which one you do first . 
  the evil part of me really wanted this to go wrong . . 
  it is pretty rewarding comment , it made it obvious that it will be peanut butter pic when in context of the chain . 
  you still need to fit rule 1 and 2 . 
  you mean like tinder ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ know ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ its ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ an ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ app, 
  damn i love grid , the list was so annoying if you are subscribed to a lot of channels and you are not watching all the videos . 
  what bothers me the most , if unspoken is so almighty , stronger than anyone else and has all the powers , how the hell is he even trapped ? 
  he sounds way too op to stay trapped , not to mention even getting trapped . 
  i guess i was just over-thinking it , if someone with the glove can be defeated then surely a mere super-inhuman also can be . 
  unless he received some message relating to it ? 
  did not want to stain his black shorts with blood . 
  someone needs to edit in the lightning !, 
  i guess the preorder numbers were negative . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  and rdj was playing tom cavanagh . 
  knowing that that is robert downey jr. under that makeup makes it disturbing in weird way . 
  that feels a bit like cheating . 
  then again caps do n't grow on trees . 
  you know , for late night science !, 
  `` oooo , i am soooo scared , it is not like i am the leader of one of the biggest assassin organization '', 
  it 's all about the hot/crazy graph . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  damn childhood was weird , good thing i spent it mostly outside . 
  there had always a dark side to him . 
  well i thought there is bound to be super intelligence among those powers . 
  well , that had to be old days , so usually either you read a news paper or a random tag on air freshener or stuff . 
  so the name would be lemon fresh or something . 
  what cool themed packs are planned ? 
  that is how minion marketing team sees / r/minionhate and / r/wackytictacs . 
  it looks like a spaceship . 
  humans are just a virus which earth contracted . 
  well we did have an incident where police shot someone and they were in a lot of trouble for that . 
  they were too afraid of that maybe ? 
  damn that looks expensive as hell . 
  considering earth is 6000years old , it is not that soon . 
  i too do not want to see my mistakes in front of me . 
  i think you wanted to say football ? 
  40 hours in , timmy has still not finished his exploration of vault . 
  it has been prophecized by nostradamus , that we are going to be exterminated by knife-wielding tentacles . 
  i somewhat want to believe that op is one of those people who does not have war never changes achieve . 
  how does that compare to other games in same period of sales ? 
  sooo edgy !, 
  ah sorry , i was in a rush and did not proofread . 
  he will end up making balloon animals with her . 
  sometimes it is hard to tell if that 's a reference devs put in or just random thing . 
  well at least you used the meme well , rarely real assholes do confessions . 
  people are having a bad time and are about to die soon and you are mad at them for seeking some connection with people ? 
  most of them do not care about the upvotes , they care about the comments and conversing with people . . 
  and you do n't know them , so what is your point ? 
  i found one weird legendary robot near diamond who was neutra which was weird , i thought only enemies can be legendary ? 
  just because it bothers you , it does not mean that it bothers others . 
  aww what a cute couple !, 
  condensed milk is best milk . 
  you can make https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tinginys with it , which is very tasty . 
  damn , i just baked pizza but i do n't have a box for it , how can i milk this for karma ? 
  and some nice chicks too !, 
  fuck , why the hell did i click that ... 
  you explored it ? 
  i could not leave it fast enough when i realized what it is about . 
  - check ( kinda . . ), 
  has a shady evening hobby ? 
  - check, 
  has sexy assistant ? 
  - check, 
  this is adaptation of the books . 
  this hurts to watch . 
  well it does n't make me feel old . 
  it just makes me realize how old f&f 1 was . 
  scion subclass - fisherman ? 
  or ignore them ? 
  are you the scatman ? 
  damn he keeps on eating them , has been doing this for 10 minutes , no wonder he is so round . 
  guys , i think this mate is having a stroke !, 
  or if you collect them it is also not useless . 
  this sounds so bizarre , but it also sounds more believable than most reddit posts . 
  do you honestly think that samuel l jackson has earned 7billion ? 
  i thought he is as old as time ? 
  those bastards are going to suck me back into game , good thing that my first semester of master studies will end close to the release of exp .
