  yeah , i try to emit as much steam as i can . 
  need to catch up on the polluting my predecessors were able to do before i die . 
  this is partially the idea behind proper carbon tax . 
  stuff like that will probably come with big spy/politics expansion if it ever comes . 
  i wonder what will this mean for older cards . 
  for example my 280x . 
  well this is ironic because of how many times this is reposted . 
  well if you are in 20s you have a lot of stress because of huge debt , low chances of owning property and impending doom of global warming caused problems . 
  well you walked on the moon , europe is planning on setting up a village up there . 
  how is building the wall going ? 
  hey schizophrenia is no fun , but at least he was not alone . 
  a lot of these companies have tons of money in accounts just so that fines like that would be irrelevant . 
  fines should work like in some northern countries where they are proportional to earnings . 
  the long term healthcare costs are far bigger than some small amount paid for public transport in state monopoly . 
  well gifs technically came before videos with sound . 
  well it was a dream so it is not entirely magic . 
  not sure if they are induction friendly . 
  question is , can you jailbreak the demo phones ? 
  huh i found the editing very entertaining . 
  but i do n't really like drifting so might be the case . 
  but attacker in the first one can grab you by the nuts too and escape . 
  is this the same guy with thor 's hammer ? 
  basing on the glasses it might be guide turtle . 
  a movie most people should see . 
  it is psychological abuse , social skills are very important . 
  swimming is not what is being banned by the religion . 
  learning to swim with other peers definitely hones social skills . 
  moon 1 ? 
  those are never perfect , there are always variables you ca n't account for . 
  hence it is making it harder for the kid to gain social skills . 
  his friends also should . 
  looks like some weird spaceship . 
  yea , he has been mid 30s for 20 years , you ca n't lie for that long which means he is saying the truth . 
  german accent definitely helped, 
  are you saying stopping 90 % of projectiles which could potentially kill a lot of people is not worth it ? 
  with additionally getting the data which is necessary in order to improve the simulations you are proposing they should use . 
  everyone is capable of leaving their country , also there are other water bodies . 
  no wonder , no one can handle shirtless conan . 
   we are eliminating much of the plants ' and oceans ' ability to remove co2, 
  actually for a bit of time this has increased due to how photosynthesis works , this is why rate of increase in co2 in atmosphere slowed down a bit past few years ( though not for long ) . 
  there is recent article in economist about this . 
  asia was also involved in those wars . 
  well prices are increasing now so hard to tell how much they will drop . 
  well , can we really blame him for blaming barry when he was responsible of his loss after doing something selfish ? 
  a duel which leads to ravaging sex ? 
  we still have the mummy guy and wild dog do n't we ? 
  they probably can trust wild dog . 
  clearly that is savitar trying to turn olly into alchemy . 
  does n't it make it work better as alarm ? 
  the people who proposed it should be checked out . 
  i kinda hoped he would go trough with it to see how much subs he gets on new channel . 
  i guess you have to drive into a tree . 
  the moon . 
  be a functioning adult . 
  it is more about the ones who say it not the ones who have those fantasies . 
  i will reach 500 upvotes on this comment . 
  well we can reduce the number to people who have access to internet and youtube . 
  i think midas read his comment . 
  well they also buy up tech companies and never commit to bringing their product into light . 
  still hoping they will somehow not kill him in england . 
  aliens . 
  not to mention when they meet grodd who was tossed into that earth . 
  usually the trick is that he is going to eat . 
  just states that he is not and tries to fool everyone . 
  hey he might be in it because of her looks . 
  well burning it also in some cases produced less greenhouse gasses than storing it in landfills . 
  at some point when going full mainstream you become fringe . 
  no wonder hog was not afraid of him when he is invisible . 
  well i imagine that after carbon taxes and other environmental policies soon landfill mining will be a huge industry ( more so than it already is ) . 
  we will still be rad just with a lot less of us . 
  i 've heard that they are pretty easy to take care for . 
  when i was looking around getting them to my african clawed frogs as a buddy ended up not getting him because they need a lot of space ( also my frogs would probably murder it ) . 
  it was definitely mentioned as a very easy to care for animal . 
  we could probably reintroduce them into similar ecosystem eventually . 
  axies are death machines too . 
  though weight category are different i would guess . 
  well most of the time your cat will bite you very weakly in form of play ( can still hurt ) . 
  when cat actually wants to fuck you up it can do a lot of damage . 
  so like a lot of cat breeds . 
  well obviously cheetahs are in i ran . 
  can it happen in adults ? 
  i think i have very mild case of something similar , but ca n't remember diagnosis since it does not affect me and long time since i checked that . 
  he looks slightly like cena so part of me was hoping it was his joke . 
  is it me or did the cop went to physical action too soon ? 
  he barely asked her to get out and started pulling . 
  she was uncooperative ( but also she is old so maybe just slow ) , she was not really hostile . 
  they are , but also you ca n't fully know the state of mind the old lady is in . 
  so we have to give her a benefit of a doubt . 
  seriously , how many people actually think they would be any good when they have no experience . 
  heck i bet someone in good physical form would also get his ass handed to him . 
  youtube algorithm seem to have added more weight on likes when promoting content . 
  so everyone started like-whoring even more than they usually did . 
  knocking someone out is dangerous , especially when that someone does not know how to take the hits . 
  what is hipster about them ? 
  seem like normal people who like to run . 
  running during snow times is not that unusual ( though maybe not in a middle of street ) . 
  damn that was quite far away and still so visible and loud . 
  the other kind of red rocket . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  he is not the president now , obama is .
