  we can always leave the planet . 
  why do you think musk started spacex . 
  they literally have crazy in their name , never heard about them . 
  well it is not like all the games will disappear . 
  or like rct 2 and 3 . 
  how does progression happen , do you research the coasters like it happened in rct or do you just unlock them after milestones ? 
  not only that , but also a comedy . 
  i think it beats the name to smithereens with consecutive punches . 
  meh , the drawings did not even look nice so this seem to have been done just as publicity stunt . 
  that sounds amazing . 
  how reliable is this data ? 
  10/10 mummified . 
  i mean , some times even the beefiest computers have lags on poe , so benchmark on most intense situation might not be the best idea since you would just set everything to min . 
  there must be some people who decide to commit suicide in most ridiculous ways so that it would create conspiracy theories . 
  but top gear was also scripted all over the place . 
  they were just trying to sell it more as reality . 
  now they do n't care about pretending that everything is happening for real . 
  and lower income . 
  cool doughnut spaceships ? 
  i guess we just agree that he pas in superposition . 
  `` this was a nice grass before you got here '', 
  so . . not okay ? 
  tagged as castro assassin . 
  i thought it was mole people . 
  the rule of thumb is not to have them long enough that when you scratch your balls it becomes painful . 
  i am worried about credibility of nurse like that . 
  when the goal is getting the iron then however you will call it is irrelevant . 
  heh gave similar type of reward to path of exile . 
  i guess i am not original . 
  i remember her from gw2 guild . 
  so annoying and over dramatic about everything . 
  just when their youtube content was getting better they again get into bullshit they could have easily avoided . 
  he bought some extra during black friday so he has to make the best use out of them . 
  mad views . 
  sorry i do not use commas because they sound like a communist propaganda . 
  one of those rare actors who did not let the fame get to him and is still chill and nice person . 
  or riding on coasters in planet coaster . 
  or kill them before they mature and get new one . 
  not anymore . 
  heck for some reason 4k video did not run on vlc but ran perfectly on mpc-hc . 
  nice try polish salt cave tourism lobbyist . 
  the lack of transparency and efficiency is why i rarely like to donate money . 
  local food bank rallies usually have a list of food items which the bank needs so it is way easier to just follow that and just hope they know what they are doing . 
  love his videos , not sure why , the way he talks just makes you interested in it . 
  also can confirm . 
  am from one of those `` european '' countries . 
  ca n't be this easy . 
  yeah , / r/all has been unbearable for an european . 
  those sideburns tells us a lot about how this was going to go . 
  yeah , there is nothing to indicate he is a mormon . 
  not your intention to promote the company which is why you posted an ad of a product which is not really that new ? 
  even with roll cage a fall like that would probably cause injuries . 
  hopefully someone does not try to replicate it . 
  yes it was http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x28vqsi_shark-tank-fiberfix-presentation-eric-child-spencer-quinn-post-by-sameer-pimpalkhute_news ( sorry for dailymotion link ) . 
  but your point is all about consumption . 
  you only justify purchase if the point of it is to consume it . 
  it was not a bad movie though it was not a great one . 
  that person is obviously racist towards bird people . 
  how do you wink trough reddit ? 
  it is vitally important for me . 
  i thought this was an international emoticon for stroke , now i have to rethink years of conversations . 
  sometimes shit just hits the fan . 
  so it is order hundred and twenty ? 
  ai does not give a fuck . 
  i am pretty sure we will see him find ways to fuck it up . 
  i do n't think therapy which would help with this trauma has been invented yet . 
  now i am trying to imagine how world would look like if thing like that existed . 
  imagine getting lifetime of experience in a short physical time . 
  who would want to be dick to bees ? 
  in nic cage movie ? 
  it would still be bad if it was made in 2106 . 
  that is where dubstep came from . 
  you think skrillex wanted that hairstyle ? 
  you do n't film your every second ? 
  what are you ? 
  they also do n't wear socks ?? 
  balding eagle . 
  blame youtube for discriminating against shorter videos . 
  it is very likely that he would get serious injury and would be stuck to a wheelchair for the rest of his life . 
  in gopnik life that is worst thing . 
  but you ca n't squat . 
  so there is that . 
  depends on the settings . 
  but whether you can beat them or not is irrelevant in this case . 
  it is a general discussion about it . 
  that one guy is so red . 
  i think we found the red skull . 
  gates of tartarus . 
  not to mention you generally do n't stare at other peoples dicks to notice . 
  tagged him as topless . 
  that is pretty much how humans looks at person using theremin . 
  or smaller dick . 
  we ca n't be certain . 
  hopefully they will do it for tournaments now . 
  also all the sound improvements . 
  they definitely were a welcomed change . 
  made the game more alive . 
  heck iirc there are multiple candy crush branded games alone . 
  what does this have to do with americans ? 
  lorde was in those debates too ?
