  nukes do n't just kill people and contaminate land . 
  being not pampered probably helps towards having low healthy life expectancy , all around terrible statistics and etc. 
  we have infrastructure for a reason , not because we are pampered . 
  um , this comment is not gilded , did you just get your survey one ? 
  i study math at uni so real analysis was pretty early for us to set up the necessary theorems to the specifics of my study subject . 
  the whole 1 +1 = 2 was in probably first 2 months of uni ( several years ago so ca n't remember specific time ), 
  hey . . get of the reddit lame guy !, 
  lesson number one , use senpai . 
  yea i 'm not familiar with honors program , do n't think we have things like that out here . 
  nah overall we do n't really have a thing like honor program in my country , so i do n't know what that is . 
  drunk lewis , the best lewis . 
  i know right ? 
  wearing white in a gun range . . 
  now i think he is just doing it as an excuse to get drunk and blame everything on being hangover . 
  if normal stub brings people on their knees , how did this guy survive the pain . 
  just like usa , but opposite . 
  like for fucks sake , australia is huge , it is bound to have states , or at least state alternatives . 
  especially knowing its historical origins . 
  as someone who is bilingual and has thoughts alternating between english and native , i am not sure in which i 'm smarter . 
  the ice place , the snow plains , fortress bay of solitude and the forest bit ? 
  oh almost forgot the silly frenchman colony area . 
  well that 's not as bad as op , my uncle broke his toe similarly but still went on our sailing through baltic sea . 
  good thing you remember what is on front page right now , otherwise you should be concerned . 
  damn , it has already been 8 months from that . . 
  well that 's kinda the point of that meme . 
  whats the gpu ? 
  also is this function not in 8.1 ? 
  i will never understand how is that possible . . 
  8.1 is a great os , but yea , no need to upgrade if you got 7 and no programs to get 8.1 free , and as i recall if you have 8 you get upgrade to 10 free . 
  quite an interesting score for 270 to get , max score on budget card . 
  it usually starts with nilesy emotes and hopes that he will deliver us from evil . 
  the key is getting him drunk , then he stops over-thinking . 
  you have to give them props , even after all the difficulties they managed to stream for so long yesterday . 
  and if you did n't find it exciting , it was a good time to finally get proper sleep . 
  yep , the only way they can say sorry is by doing sudoku . 
  they just counted how much sudoku they would need to do and decided its not worth it . 
  i always afraid that these things will set something on fire . 
  its a repost , so you will probably be able to use it again as op did . 
  oh god , this is golden . 
  props to the creator . 
  oh god . . now it makes sense . 
  you are assuming putin is going to hell after all the good he has done . 
  yep , at this part i could n't contain the laugh . 
  i must be doing something wrong since usually i get decent messages . 
  well that seems like a good example of smart decisions . 
  plot twist : he is texting his mom that he and his sister are horny . 
  i think people have more than one loose screw . 
  ahh thanks , i love you too , but can we have dinner before fucking ? 
  i guess it helps to not be an asshole ( or at least put some effort into that ) . 
  sorry , fucking whores is illegal where i am . 
  no one can see my filthy soul over the internet . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm accurate . 
  source - i have phd in bullshit . 
  takes a lot of practice , you have to jerk every day . 
  fuck , they give that ? 
  / r/shittyaskreddit you mean ? 
  i am bad at remembering names , so i do n't really know half of the actors , but i recognize his voice work and can add up what he did . 
  well its reddit , so are your arms broken ? 
  check her id , and then floss . 
  yep thanks , too sleepy . . 
  gg wp , see you next year . 
  you can always brea ... no , bad / u/timelyparadox , bad . 
  needed a new username for reddit and that was good enough . 
  i know , i 'm great at telling stories . 
  as stupid as your inability to read data . 
  all we need is nilesy to do a 100 dollar drive and we will get there . 
  ugh so i wont get any benefits for my 280x ? 
  or will there be something done about these series too ? 
  if you actually read the article you can see that prices for 2015 are not what we were paying up until terminal . 
  and we are lithuanians , we build world class lasers , not potatoes . 
  one of your siblings made a lot of strange decisions i guess . 
  i guess you did not really figure it out yet . 
  all these talks about getting new jurassic , terminator and star wars movies , we are also got new dumb and dumber guys !, 
  ghosts n stuff, 
  or just play anything and be nilesy , its not the isaac what matters , i do n't even like the game ( tried several times , but not my thing ), 
  but i thought that rationalization kinda went away from mainstream economic discussion after 2008 crisis . 
  i guess reality is behind scientific community . 
  we need a sequel !, 
  i 'm writing an uni project on efficient market theory , the more i read the more disgusted i feel about those schmucks . 
  we have a great economy professor , she is openly criticizing government and journalism , problem is that public do n't seem to like her ( especially elderly ) . 
  but i 'm studying econometrics so we did n't get the professors which teach the mainstream economy degrees . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is a lot of bullshit taught there . 
  and yea , 2008 was more about deregulation effects and efficient market , than rationality . 
  also its not really right to think that people are rational on average , its right to think that that can be achieved under certain situations , but on the grand scale , it does not work good . 
  people just do n't have access and ca n't really collect all the needed information to make decisions which are economically rational . 
  well how else do you power lasers ? 
  yes i agree about the long run , but putting weight on long run is not always the best idea . 
  `` in the long run we are all dead '', 
  yep pretty much that , problem that there is little those people have to fear , when in reality they can destroy more lives than a murderer . 
  are you really that stupid or you cant read the article above or anything related to gas industry in 2014 lithuania ? 
  in 7 years there can be a lot of changes when a country tries to change that . 
  price is lower than what gasprom sold us it for in 2013 , and because of this option to get gas elsewhere , they reduced price for 2015 . 
  we are not paying for gas double the price for fucks sake . . 
  who ? 
  if only stuff were available in my country not after 3 years with terrible dubs , then i would gladly pay for it . 
  i bet even if netflix comes , it will be downgraded by tons of bullshit and will not offer anything decent, 
  but how aids are you ? 
  now i wonder what was the real reason to request that , what did they wanted to patent in his intellectual work and make their own ? 
  baby jesus dog !, 
  quick , call hollywood and sell movie rights .
