  so if i do n't get married i will not die . 
  checkmate mortals . 
  hoping he will succeed and world will see that it can work . 
  for renewables to work out and shifting out of oil faster we definitely need batteries of that size . 
  nuclear is too politically complicated to be built fast enough . 
  yea 25hours sounds like that perfect length , not too short and not too long like divinity . 
  we would not need that much of space , you underestimate scale of things . 
  we have a lot of space we can cover , especially when we can use space which is otherwise unusable . 
  and with most of this being in ocean it would not matter much . 
  where did i mention solar ? 
  since you can fit a lot of data into color picture ( by using all colors and not just simple 0 point rgb ) you can probably easily encode the information . 
  as someone with degree in statistics and someone who had experience with machine learning i also was thinking about doing something with sound processing . 
  though i never even thought about adapting picture processing . 
  this is really cool idea and i will play around with it when i will have time ( though i would be using custom methods so my results would probably be less clean than what these algorithms produce ) . 
  in what way is it weaker ? 
  we have entire countries running fully on wind/hydro during good days . 
  what 's a jb weld ? 
  this looked forced , but i am too cynical , still a wholesome video . 
  you know what they say , you ca n't have sex without breaking a few eggs . 
  to some extent yes , but those are cubesats so the functions are very limited and they have to fall after a certain time iirc . 
  he is just too underdeveloped to realize the potential of orbital potato farm . 
  mooses are pretty damn scary . 
  that 's a nice looking cat !, 
  that seems like a reasonable reason . 
  though maybe this could be avoided by better care and understanding of behavior . 
  or maybe there is more to the story ? 
  i get that some of these people are acting irresponsibly , but wishing them a painful death is moronic and psychopathic . 
  the key word here is relatively . 
  distance . 
  actually makes perfect sense . 
  yea but something probable will eventually happen so it is redundant . 
  still disappointing that we did not meet all 5 . 
  fun video , but what did it have to do with assassins creed ? 
  good thing videos/gifs cant transfer the smell . 
  it is still endurance tournament , ssj still takes more energy . 
  and it was all about timing too . 
  they used little power to create opportunities . 
  nah , gogetta will get replaced with piccohan last second . 
  but the cannon was not from the game and that was the only thing linking it . 
  we can agree that the correct factors are the important ones . 
  come on , we all know those are not protestors , those are gulenist coup planners . 
  long days and pleasant nights . 
  dirty rooms are darker and might actually be easier , the biggest feature of this demo is the lighting . 
  have you guys tried not using that vendor or asking him to just give you food ? 
  your way of acting is actually a spineless easy way out which accomplishes nothing . 
  i think the use of rubber is problematic because you could not get it on other planet that easily , concrete or some substitutes can be produced everywhere . 
  you do n't need to transport concrete , you can make substitutes on site . 
  that was one of the main plans for moon bases and to some extent mars bases . 
  they have been more active with their ballistic missile tests and nuclear bomb tests so it is natural . 
  only in words . 
  proof ? 
  source on russian sanctions ? 
  what are you talking about , russia is vetoing resolutions , and they are not enforcing any sanctions . 
  and they blocked at least 2 in past 6 months . 
  what about reddit upboat ? 
  what about detonating in space and taking out satellites , could they do that in theory with this rocket ? 
  i think exploding tundra posed bigger threat than just cutting off gas pipes . 
  well the problem is clear , you need to use pigeons , not dodos . 
  but it was not the object which was teleported , it was information , so is n't title technically misleading ? 
  and also trump , but only rumors . 
  well dodos got throttled by extinction . 
  sounds like perfect person to be the president . 
  i thought he smoothers pigeons ? 
  if only we had worlds fare like the old one where something impressive was shown . 
  i guess everything became too corporal and hidden behind dev cycles . 
  i love this comment , does not refer to which side it is referring as insane , and since this is very dividing topic both sides will agree with this statement . 
  yea , number smaller than expected . 
  the most populous countries buys drinks bottled more often due to climate and lack of better options . 
  where are the documents on russia ? 
  it is an educational video . . not sure how he came off as condescending . 
  or couple of sleepless days for an intern . 
  addiction is more complicated than your stupidity sadly . 
  sadly us does not spend enough on infrastructure to afford dutch walls . 
  you underestimate how much economy depends on coasts and coastal infrastructure . 
  and it is very expensive to rebuild it . 
  it not the problem of the future , it is already happening . 
  definitely supersonic , you could even say it is light speed . 
  it is not on continuous basis , it is accelerated to extent that some cities even in us have a hard time dealing with it and has to put up a lot of money to deal with it . 
  so you are saying they should switch to mobile gaming ? 
  those are the minority . 
  most of population will remember this and this will go into history books if it is true . 
  out of all the words in the dictionary , cute is the one i would never use to describe him . 
  even if they are replaced by coal plants it would be better for environment , on big scales it will be more efficient in terms of pollutants per mile . 
  yea , there are plenty of companies which will eat up that market share . 
  especially in china . 
  not all of us can be as grown up as you to not make fun of shitty media . 
  yea , what is the point of being mature if you ca n't make fun of things like that . 
  not only her school , maybe this will give ideas to people in this situation in other schools . 
  when life gives you such a bad hand of cards these type of ideas are very important . 
  did you mean `` sssssssssssss . . delet thisssssssss '' ? 
  it is the alien parasite which is sucking the brain out . 
  these american shows seems just too overproduced to extent that they look robotic . 
  i thought it was a skit this guy was performing . 
  is this real life ? 
  it is still not smart to jump with only 1 chute . 
  he probably put money to them himself for it to look like that . 
  if they all started up empty less people would be willing to drop the money in . 
  just make sure it is not windy when you decide to take it . 
  looks like particle accelerator . 
  yep gunslinger is supposed to be inhumanly fast with the gun .
