  with shark teeth . 
  now you are just being silly with these comparisons . . fo4 even objectively is not a bad game , most people agree . 
  where everyone agrees that asylum stuff is crap ( even the creators ) . 
  maybe that is not a middle-eastern restaurant ? 
  people used to do and still do tons of stupid things , that is one of the main quality of humans . 
  the game deserved goty , thanks for giveaway op !, 
  witcher, 
  where did you get nude of lord gaben ? 
  of course they are , that is how you spread the ad more . 
  people like that should be charged with mass murder and crimes against humanity . 
  bitch-sensei had to fit all sorts of big things into her mouth in order to seduce her targets . 
  but is n't that a compliment ? 
  i am so confused ... 
  that 's what my laptop is for . 
  that 's why gamers will die first . 
  i have no idea what she was trying to do . . 
  thats mr. goober white knight . 
  i should watch warowl . 
  me four !, 
  this is weirding me out really hard !, 
  that is called helicopter dick . 
  yea , people often have laptops for university/work and desktop for gaming/other recreational stuff . 
  damn americans and their weird measurement units !, 
  if it is war then the results are similar . 
  that 's emma frost . 
  poker face is his superpower . 
  nah , people just hate people with anime avatars . 
  eh i really am thinking of getting the game during winter sale . 
  hopefully it will have decent discount . 
  you do n't say ? 
  did the colorless nature of gif tell you that ? 
  or the horrible experiment ? 
  it is raining in my apartment , you heartless bastards !, 
  i would listen to him reading his book in audio book format every day . 
  hmm i guess that is also a good plan . 
  but it will probably be a bit too expensive , and during winter sale elite should be cheap ? 
  mg got 11 kills against you guys , wtf ? 
  `` your suffering will be eternal , human '', 
  so ... that is a sub i guess . . 
  of course you are not , you just like to hold phallic things in your mouth . 
  of course they do , there is a saying : you can always trust a politician !, 
  go home bot , you reposted yourself . 
  37 hours can be enough for something like mg . 
  god damn it , why do they have to name them so similarly ? 
  that is actually pretty smart . 
  i sometimes set my profile to private , then people start raging at me thinking i hack ( when in reality i am only le/lem with 2k hrs ... ) that usually makes them play worse . 
  lets hope sequence converges to a constant . 
  hopefully the guy you replied to got it . 
  though it would be unlikely . 
  there was a marked spot for ball to be during penalty shot , the goalkeeper deliberately made the ground slippery/unstable near that place so that the player would slip/make the shot not as accurate . 
  what if / u/pm _ me_venn_diagrams is crazy ? 
  that is one shifty shape !, 
  it is filtered by either ( cloth or paper ) or even both , just a preference thing mostly ( and the design of the brew station ) . 
  if it is something great like this one , yes we do !, 
  damn this was so dark but it made me laugh and made my day a little better . 
  well this one does not sound as great as amd one . 
  after seeing the same mouse fall for the trap several times , i think that it deserves to get caught . 
  he said people . 
  lots and lots of inaccurate and outright stupid shit gets on discovery for years now . 
  they have the discovery science and that one also has lots of flaws . 
  i stopped watching anything on these . 
  thanks mate , whenever i will go to australia i will try to be nice to people and say `` hello cunt '' . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the story progressed a lot . 
  so the hotel/the place he went is purgatory ? 
  we are having lost all over again . 
  for me a bit unusual choice , but burn notice had the most satisfying finale of all the shows i saw ( and i watch a lot of them ) . 
  maybe they are doing this on purpose ? 
  look at bones , they had crossover with sleepy hollow , so now all stupid shit can be explained by the fact that that is totally fictional universe where magic and demons exist . 
  yeah . . 
  i have n't seen them for few seasons but i bet it is even worse now . 
  come one , we all know that on one weird boring day you peed into the horizon . 
  you do have a safety rope when climbing obviously ? 
  that is definitely how science looks . 
  love his videos , he explains everything so well , i wish my professors would be half as good . 
  honestly , does dust2 b rushes on pistol round ever work ? 
  just a robot batman ? 
  that sounds pretty amazing . 
  never happens to me to , he must be from us/aus servers . 
  and a ticket !, 
  that kid is going places and fast , unless there are walls . 
  it kinda looks like he is jerking off in the reflection . . 
  well sometimes that happens when a damn enemy smoke smacks you into face and stops you completely . 
  yea that is just dumb , i usually try to cover lower tunnel when we try to something at b and then [ i remain alone ] ( https://i.imgur.com/e1inegq.jpg ) . 
  based on [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/vfpt_cylindrical_magnet_thumb.svg/220px-vfpt_cylindrical_magnet_thumb.svg.png ) i would say invisible wires . 
  and you have been banned from / r/pyonyang, 
  imagine a world with cameron , trump , erdogan and putin managing world politics . 
  all i have to is turn off the game sounds and i 'm ok . where you do something irrelevant when i afk doing something more interesting . 
  but it does not change a fact whether you do hit hs or not . 
  but in a different way . 
  real men use wood polish and then polish their wood like a person from poland . 
  it is better to be forgotten than to be remembered as an idiot . 
  would that small amount of perfume ruin it ? 
  the other tastes should hide it . 
  that explains a lot . . 
  everywhere i saw phillips screw being mentioned it was this damn cross screw . . 
  hmm , well i guess that is something ? 
  because it is like any top list article , pretty arbitrary . 
  and in le-lem almost no one forces after losing pistol round on ct. . at least some people start to do it after you tell that to them . . 
  but is that something what should be told ?
