  i think you will fight naked cthulhu and after defeating start nakedmode where everything is naked . 
  i just found out that yellow rocks underground when smashed drops a lot of gold coins . 
  thought they were aesthetic like bushes . 
  i think i got 8 coins from 1 , but not sure if its only yellow ones , i think it might be that all has chance to drop . 
  do n't get unlucky and have goblin army spawn very early in the game.though at least i got a good collection of tombstones . 
  well not as good as my legendary crimson sword ( dont remember the name ) , but still can blow stuff up . 
  got 2 crimson on medium . 
  that definitely cant be safe . . 
  unless you are jew . . ( im going to hell for this joke ), 
  i guess someone did n't do their homework . 
  does this fix the harpoon bug ? 
  i love that weapon but it crashes all the time . 
  oh , didint know you can get pet from that , i guess its silt mining time . 
  got my first world corrupt ( with giant tree also ) but wanted crimson so made new one ( with no tree/piramids ) . 
  havent beaten any hardmode bosses after 1.1 , its going to be a pain doing it i guess . 
  cmon , stop it , dont want to laugh at loud in a library ... 
  are those bee bosses ? 
  i think they also make lawnmowers ( i think my grandma has one ) , but its probably more connected with the motors than the machine itself . 
  those bastards are evolving !, 
  to me he looks more like the silence , or those slave guys . 
  you seem to be needing some more practice though . 
  does n't the tree have the background walls ? 
  dryad can sell some too . 
  yea but you know , for a completion there is no such thing as rare . 
  the ones with the chest are a bit rare . 
  slutty pyramid head halloween costume any1 ? 
  i keep getting those while looking for piramid , they arent that rare . 
  could you explain a bit what accesories to get ? 
  that part is the confusing one . 
  yep , though through fast reading i didint see if piramid/ice accesories were touched . 
  you also forgot to mention that you can find gold chest keys in basic chests in the dungeon . 
  also im not sure , but there might be a chance in dungeon pots . 
  not tested it though . 
  + defense is essential for hardmode . 
  im curious what are good examples ? 
  ( math student here so know little about literature subject ( usually do n't over analyze the books i read ) . 
  true , but how can you spot a bad one if you are reading only the good literature . 
  ( i usually do some research into reviews , except for hunger games , thats my guilty pleasure ), 
  true , read robinson crusoe i think 3 or 4 times already and probably will do so again , but do n't think i would pick up hunger games or harry potter for a second read . 
  thats a gateway `` drug '' mate , be careful , unless you arent studying anything complicated . 
  all i could think during the episode `` i hope this is graviton , i hope this is graviton !!, 
  download archived wikipedia and p0rn . 
  that seems like a small house for hardmode , or is just your spawn point house ? 
  its like there is only one radio station ... do you live in antarctica ? 
  was wondering how long it will take for this gif to show up . 
  now its left to hear all the whining about different origin story of graviton . 
  i thought the ring was always there ? 
  well you need lots of rooms to hold all the npcs . 
  i used to use the wooden spoon trick and it seemed to work for me : /, 
  benedict and nic cage love child . 
  what does it take for it to count as biome ? 
  yep , just an ordinary anxiety . 
  thats sad : /, 
  ive read that sex is actually good for curing migraines . 
  its a naked picture , you know , for bonding ... 
  is that the last tier color ? 
  i got same color accessory and was wondering about that . 
  spiked fart in a bottle ? 
  make it a guide house and break blocks to release bees on him !, 
  so you are just another ordinary scam-er ? 
  ( you can downvote me now ), 
  try getting out of your comfort zone , do something completely new to you . 
  this helps a lot of people to find a meaning to live . 
  was disappointed bu lack of boobs : /, 
  yea , i kinda enjoy the show too . 
  plantera spawn spore, 
  oh nooooo , not this again !, 
  must be modern chinese architecture . 
  you mean like obamacare ? 
  so you want karma for posting about karma ? 
  the thing which would make drills more useful is making them drill 2 blocks instead of 1 . 
  it might be that his `` head '' is just at different level . 
  that technically should help , unless you get some of more strange items which dont stack or stack in low ammounts . 
  sniper riffle is probably going to crit most if you are using all ranged accesories/armor + potions . also ichtor flasks to reduce armor might help or something . 
  is there some litterature to learn tm ? 
  so as no1 asked , how do you craft mummy ? 
  well music kinda does come in cycles so it might be comparable . do n't really know much about their songs except the few i overheard on public radios . 
  just making a joke reference to last screenshot : /, 
  i 'm thinking the same thing about myself : /, 
  unless you go to dark side of reddit it 's acceptable . 
  definitely no , lottery is designed to make you lose at long run . 
  i guess he has an al-libi . 
  i think that there was a topic about this here where popular opinion was that they dont like random people compliments . 
  3 magic mirrors ? 
  dont recall pirates dropping them . 
  they sell pretty good to merchant , i usually sell them if i need to reforge something . 
  she is so heavy that she warps light around her, 
  there is explanation about the point system here : http://www.fifa.com/worldranking/procedureandschedule/menprocedure/index.html . 
  everything seems fine to me.when was the last time england did good in non-club tournaments ? 
  and eat it to absorb its power !, 
  because if they get too slow they get eaten by predators before they die . 
  but if its cancer it can only be absorbed orally . 
  so you survived birth of alien ? 
  because bought the new sim city game ... 
  and indeed it was terrible . 
  burn notice , personally for me , that ending was perfect . 
  why should it be 5 years ago ? 
  i do n't know , i probably would want to enjoy my childhood again . 
  is it me or does she look like gaga ? 
  might be just weird neuron connection , do n't watch much of pop music videos .
