  well who would n't be happy . 
  mute sounds , get a blindfold , and go into mm . 
  also doing it in straight jacket helps . 
  the stupid fucking cunt , screw up among screw ups , first of her kind , queen of bullshit and mother of ignorance . 
  god , how expensive are drugs ? 
  yea its is pretty cool , i remember spending a lot of time messing with it . 
  yea maybe he will look into why his family got killed and find out that it was thanos plot to get rid of people with that dormant power ? 
  sorry i 'm comics ignorant so i might be completely off . 
  i hope thats not higher than nova . 
  oh god . . 
  so i do n't really have anything good to expect if i go up . . 
  yea that sounds a bit unlikely to have happened to this version of him , but he can still die and have that done . 
  and they did use kg , why hop around different unit systems . 
  its just a simple pistol which shoots bullets fast , but has only 24 bullets . 
  bots are so weird , if only they would always listen . 
  go burn some fuel fast !, 
  all episodes on youtube ? 
  i guess i 'll waste some time tomorrow . 
  oh god . . cant stop laughing at sjin , quick someone put simons face on sips too . 
  thats the only way vertigo will have 10people anyway . 
  oh , that actually makes sense . 
  but do they completely ignore commands on those rounds , or only `` stay here '' ? 
  `` ubisoft : its cheaper this way '', 
  yea , that 's not what i expected . 
  but i had one so i ca n't answer the question , oh well . . 
  well sometimes bad day is hard to explain when match ends with one guy having 0-1-18 , i do n't like bashing on poorly performing people , but quite annoying seeing someone not getting any kills and only 1 assist , usually its premades which have people like that , and they just do n't listen to any tips ( i am very calm and do n't scream , nor i give tips through voice since it 's not for that ) . 
  but i think that 's just personal thing , i have a pretty terrible aim , but , imo , i have a decent understanding on behavior and tactics . 
  i often end up not having a lot of kills but having tons of assists , because i can predict where they will be . 
  i can constantly give accurate calls when i 'm dead , but some people just ignore it . . 
  as for training my aim , i do n't like playing deadmach and the only warmup i do is several arm races . 
  hmm , almost same as my ign , i have a bad aim , did i black out , add 1 letter and play ? 
  how much blood did they take to do your tests ? 
  i understand if you would have donated , then you probably feel something , but blood tests usually do n't take enough blood . . 
  as this is not first place he posted this crap , he is serious . 
  and why would you want to get boosted and pay 15 , if you will drop after the booster leaves anyway . . 
  this is one of those times when i would like a cheater to take this guys offer and get him banned . . 
  and ? 
  everything coming out of you here is total bs . . 
  just realized that he would not get banned , just get games annuled . 
  i 'm interested in something like that too : /, 
  no problem mate , i can wait . 
  i have never played dnd , and im non-native speaker so i might be not fun enough anyway . 
  i just failed mine : / deerclops pwned me . 
  though i 'm playing rog . 
  i could not afford to get the eggs rotten , food was scarce . 
  well maybe if you were n't such a slut you would not like it . . 
  better use leg , arms probably needed for work . . 
  that 's how fortune telling works . 
  yes and at those times it does not taste as good . 
  but car is made of metal and contains metal , so does video - contain pictures . 
  its a set of pictures , as a car is a set of shaped metal ( obviously with other parts , but we are trying to make an analogy ) . 
  that 's not how set theory work ... 
  figured that math would be too complicated for you . 
  and that 's not even what everyone is trying to explain you . 
  but i guess trolls ca n't quit trolling if bridge does n't collapse . . 
  i wondered why you wear full body costume , bdsm explains everything . 
  but do n't they attack during mating season ? 
  that guy is just a troll , so its more sad comment , since something must be causing him act like that . 
  how the hell can you tell sun position in dungeon . . 
  not really , lots of bigger gaming channels do them . 
  yea , i feel like pushing funny content straight for whole recording season ( i presume its 1h + ) must be quite hard , especially if they do n't have too much pre-planned . 
  meh , half of shit happens in high nova/mg . 
  takes up space in the inventory . 
  wanted to write something creepy but no , reddit , you do n't control me !, 
  i once almost fell for it when trying to buy a game through outpost , though immediately when i opened steamcomruity.c.o.m or w/e it was ( did n't notice at first ) , and saw that they require a login , i knew it was something wrong . 
  now i 'm more carefull : /, 
  site has little to do with playing tf2 , its more used for buying games for keys which usually is cheaper than from steam itself . 
  need to get up from bed and turn on my computer , it usually takes several hours . 
  how does time zone affect how long you are driving/riding bus ? 
  technically you leave 1 hour before lectures at destination time . 
  so we are off to your mums house ? 
  this is just too epic to handle , i think day is over . 
  hell , when someone asks to drop him awp and he always dies spotting d2 mid , i will not drop him . 
  `` constantly '' , if you use it correctly , chances of you getting a scammed are pretty much 0 /, 
  when i was a kid , it was pretty funny , now when i watch it i do n't enjoy it much . 
  is that damage on lower parts is because of tourism and people just walking all over it ? 
  yea i was thinking about reducing giant spawn , its one of those things which affects only small part of the game ( pun intended ) , and i would try to reduce it just a notch . 
  is it a good idea to set up camp near pig king since her equipment requires gold ? 
  also is attacking penguils with her ( helmet + wood suit ) easy ? 
  ( i 've really made a big mistake when i tried to fight them with wx ), 
  well yea , wind affects it , but i heard something about pyramids being damaged too much by people , so was not sure if that 's how its affected . 
  damn , did n't know i can plant my own spider dens . 
  not too retarded , what if future barry went back in time to stop one of the reverses from killing his mother , failed , and for some reason ca n't do it again , so now he is trying to keep past himself safe ? 
  or maybe yellow suit plan was to kill barry and wells ( future barry ) saved him and could not be quick enough to also save his mother . 
  yea but it feels a bit cheaty to do so . 
  wait , it safe to leave food on farms for long periods ? 
  boxing glove arrow calms people down pretty fast . 
  heh , there is whole thing where in some countries billion used mean 10 ^ 12 , so that mistake happens . 
  and in that way they find new version of psychotropic drug . 
  good thing its only a tip of a thumb . 
  well not anymore . . 
  talking about stupid death , i started to die out of hunger with wig , and as i had no meat i had to attack pigman , sadly my hat broke and i got killed by 2 pigs . 
  ( touchstone saved me , but now on day 13 i 'm with -1 touchstone ) . 
  so i get back to my base , check the chest annd ... surprise surprise , there is one meat in there . . 
  now i wonder if there is a way to spawn tocuhstone back in since death was way too early and too stupid , and i already closing in to winter so do n't want to restart . 
  but she is not even attractive ( or was she before ? 
  nah root is badass all around . 
  thats what i 'm worried about , maybe when it breaks it gets dangerous for consumer and they do n't to show glass exploding and throwing glass shards at high speed . 
  did you do that to sheets of glass or on a device ? 
  yea , i never really mind bad players , but when you get someone toxic , then you ca n't even enjoy the game because of constant spam .
