  damn i guess i learned nothing on reddit since my curve is pretty linear . 
  of course we do , once you get to 100k you start getting a dollar for 10 karma . 
  especially on / r/worldnews . ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ komment ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ funded ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ by ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mother ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ russia . 
  better than nothing i guess . 
  too risky , think of the children if he accidentally dropped the beer !, 
  yea she did not pull that out of her ass . 
  90 's kid , have no idea wtf is parachute day . . 
  he looks like some cartoon supervillain . 
  / r/popcorn, 
  for a strip bar . 
  well that is not a novelty account which will get you upvotes . 
  come on , you only need to be millionaire to afford it . 
  wait so not only they spell out s3x , they will spell out s3xy now ? 
  can confirm , meow violently at strangers . 
  yea but for w/e reason they were forced to choose the next best thing and named it 3 . 
  but i never knew they were going to add y too . 
  the sarcasm was quite annoying , but it is tedx talk so what else to expect than annoying gimics ? 
  somewhere close to $ 80-100k . 
  i do n't know man , everyone on / r/trees is high as kite . 
  our freedom in europe is unleaded . 
  so it tastes bitter , but it 's better than sweet leaded freedom you birdpeople get . 
  sadly it is only not creepy if craig does that . 
  come on , that dude literally wants to experience 0 mass . 
  science is just not there yet . 
  i think that if you go right far enough you eventually end up left . 
  so sad , that guy pretty much knew he was going to die . 
  i wonder if it is better these days , they should have found a way to have some secure way down if that happens ? 
  i would prefer being turned into neutrinos , but photons are good enough i guess . 
  i guess i am willing to gain a bit of mass in exchange of barely interacting with anything . 
  they could make emergency airbags at the bottom which inflate into those things firefighters use . 
  i am on my first playtrough and i have 5 deaths at week 8 , life is tough . 
  at what point of making a lot of mistakes should one restart on a new save ? 
  damn so parachute is pretty good at that height is n't it ? 
  people basejump from similar heights . 
  bones should be fine . 
  you do realize that other timezones exist ? 
  yes but most redditors awake at that time are not in the states . 
  i had my shoe lace get stuck in an escalator few months ago , i thought that was it , this is how i will go out . 
  until i just pulled it hard and it snapped . 
  i think this is one of the reasons i am a bad adult . 
  honest question , whats wrong with paracetamol ? 
  wait , so i should n't heal stress right out of bat ? 
  depends on whether the human is alive or dead . 
  i thought merkel was ze pride of the nation ? 
  i do n't know , he still almost died out of laughter . 
  this is what i call a good prank , not some dumb shit which is spewed out by prank channels . 
  his mate probably also was dying out of laughter . 
  yea because your passive aggressive reply is so original right ? 
  yes , passive aggressive comment can be constructed with sarcasm . 
   giving ~ ~ head ~ ~ up smoking prank in ~ ~ the hood ~ ~ a van gone sexual !, 
  ftfy, 
  offering alcohol to homeless is most of the time bad idea . 
  people should just stop viewing oscars as some omnipotent award for best overall movies . 
  oscars are pretty specific awards for a small circle of movies . 
  that is kinda the point and they are not bad at what they do . 
  just people take them as an absolute measure for some reason . 
  pretty much everyone are homeless . 
  i expected that to be picture of bartolomeo . 
  this is a stupid argument . . 
  being critical is a very important part of discussion . 
  just because you do n't like those comments does not mean you have to read them . 
  probably not too many , the game has been overadvertised for a long time now . 
  i would be surprise if it is not loosing playerbase . 
  have not been on facebook for two weeks , and now i log in and all i see is that crap . . 
  120 inches of snow ? 
  damn !, 
  in what timeframe ? 
  got sloppy at the end . 
  if i die at least i die making others laugh . 
  says the guy with 3 guns strapped to him . 
  yea it would take some time to clear all that snow anywhere . 
  heck this amount of snow might be a bit more unusual in cold country because it tends to be dry during winter ? 
  it is snowing often but it does not happen in a day in these amounts . 
  yea blizzards look nice , but going outside during and after it is terrible . 
  i am trying to imagine a terrorist going `` fuck , i cant use this tablet to calculate the trajectory , it is against eula , better buy android next time . 
  they also hate beer , that 's why i 'm drinking it today . 
  and then you have to realize that 1 light year is not even that far , everything is much further . 
  hopefully with spacex and other companies we will get new space station soon . 
  how do updating works when i have several mods i added myself ? 
  will i need to add them again or will the update only touch the files mentioned ? 
  sigh ... 
  some knockoff version of waifu i guess ? 
  not only free water but also free heavy metals !, 
  meow !, 
  yea it is weird to see a critic react to well constructed criticism like this . 
  i would guess monetisation ? 
  or better - after you beat up your boss you slowly realize that there was no save system in real life and get locked up . 
  except that he usually plays the game for 10 or more hours , has prior knowledge and other information about the game , puts effort into checking the performance and etc. 
  this is not how first impressions work . 
  ah since i now know that i would get an award there is no need to make it . 
  guy is old , he dealt with shit like this already . 
  i turned on a sound of blackboard being scratched just to ease myself down . 
  soundwaves are distorting the camera lens . 
  they barely need them , those cars are expensive but darn they are impressive . 
  people talk about them enough . 
  cat girls can still be korean . 
  i do n't have a fireplace so i had to improvise . 
  ah seems like my recent csgo teammate . 
  but it is not pointless , it does not harm anyone and it gives the person some kind of relief/satisfaction . 
  i am impressed how a video with barely any audience somehow still manages to end up on front page of reddit .
