  the odds can even be 50-50 ( it depends on a lot of factors to how risk averse/lovers will react to them ) . 
  it will not last , when he will grow up he will hate it . 
  maybe it has something to do with how cat mothers rub belly of her kitten to help with digestion ? 
  flat earth theory , like this would be just insane . 
  it binds together a lot of conspiracy theories . 
  well it is about right time we start nuclear war and have nuclear winter i guess ? 
  what are the ch settings ? 
  you really are not helping yourself . 
  claims without any basis like this are strongly correlated with intelligence . 
  80 rare outfits for 3k caps ? 
  skip, 
  at least they drop often.i had 5 advanced shotguns but they drop not that often . 
  i would love that much spell dmg irl . 
  `` one week later , fido was ran over by a rat exterminator van '', 
  every time i expect a dickbutt at the end , and every time i am disappointed . . 
  wears leather and hangs in a basement with bad ladies . 
  i have never played d&d ( it is not really a thing where i live ) and i always wanted to try . 
  but i guess being newbie is not a great attribute when trying to find a group . 
  that would be what a poor soul would say while being interviewed on why he joined this doujo . 
  casting magic missile at the annoying bard , fuck you mark !, 
  well maybe instead of subsidies to green energy , we should rise the costs of dirty ones ( carbon tax or similar shit ) and then put that money into research of green alternative without subsidizing the current inefficient ones ? 
  tbh i as a non smoker would not want to see those horrible pictures too , so that is also the reason to hide it behind he counter or stuff . 
  he probably evaded his death several times without knowing . 
  in soviet russia there is no mystery , you get what you deserve . 
  considering the population is infinite , we need a really big sample to get 95 % comf for low probability drops . 
  yea japanese really like their cigarets . 
  technically yea , prices go up , but you will need less subsidies ( you can reduce taxes , at least on lower class ) you will also gain money from the carbon tax ( until the switch happens ) . 
  it makes it better for me , but comedy is subjective . 
  imagine everything getting doubled . . 
  well definition of good taste is very subjective too is n't it ? 
  he is one of my favorite comedians ( i wish to have been able to see him live , but i was born too late and in wrong country ) . 
  but i also enjoy more mainstream comedians like jimmy car , so my good taste balances out . 
  amazon stork ^ ^ ^ tm, 
  ugh why the fuck did i risk reading this ... 
  poor bruce . . 
  meh , screw you , i will better hang out with nerds and have a decent conversation . 
  damn the martian thing was hilarious . 
  these two could be a great comedy duo if it was not written by one person . 
  rush b cyka . 
  gets wiped . . 
  it is still so annoying for me how anime was so different from manga . 
  it could have been a way better show . 
  that is because it is new way to send a message which reaches most people . 
  some time ago it was shouting in a middle of a square , then it was nailing bills to a wall , then it was radio , then it was tv , now it is social media . 
  damn so many videos posted in this . 
  meh , it is just raining inside my room , i am actually tough guy !, 
  another good one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq , definitely brings out the feelings . 
  so we are finally going to have mech fights in the olympics ? 
  imagine bots which can actually learn from playing the game . 
  all he wants for christmas are his parents . 
  my professor wrote midterm exam in theme of star wars . 
  it kinda made it way harder for people who are not fans of the movies or were not very good at the exam subject ( renaming theorems a little to fit the theme might have been a bit too much ) . 
  but overall i love the fact that he tried to make it a bit more original . 
  with that amount of cash even i would be able to make couple of mechs . 
  not very good ones , but who cares ? 
  well 0 is 0 in all languages . 
  i heard that if you masturbate with left hand long enough you become left handed . 
  that 's how i get over flight anxiety too . 
   277.5 kg , which is 5x25kg , 1x2 .5 kg and 1x1kg on each side, 
  that kinda does not add up to 277.5 , are n't we missing 20.5 ? 
  also i guess the bar would be around 1.5 ~ 2.5 itself , do they add it to that ? 
  based on that conversation , those guys might be part of peta . 
  okey this makes sense more sense . 
  ah yea , that is definitely how i imagine strongest person in existence . 
  everyone who writes an essay eventually dies , think of what you are doing people !, 
  well obviously . . cyborg has hair . 
  this would have been better plot . 
  op is karma pimp . 
  as if someone who buys that is going to bother about ads . 
  do you have any super powers ? 
  i do n't even know how to describe that creature . 
  this guy could father a country . 
  especially when statistics gets bias from billionaire husband with mafia ties . 
  meh i already had a week where i watched every episode . 
  almost all the episodes can be found on youtube ( few has a bit iffy quality to hide from algorithm ), 
  oh wow , i knew he had some issues , but not on this level . . 
  i do n't know , every time my nose itch a stock drops , i think that kinda explains it , as we know correlation = causation . 
  yea my rank did not change but now i get more dmgs in matchmaking instead of getting lems . 
  do this rank change happen after several matches or should it happen instantly ? 
  no it does n't . 
  yes it does catch more because you are actually having a spyware run trough your computer rampant . 
  but it is not catching every new cheat . 
  7895 , thanks for chance !, 
  and mean . 
  because it kinda is . 
  depending on machine you are playing on . 
  maybe he is crazy cat guy/lady then we will never know . 
  being cynical is necessity , who knows how what she did benefits anyone . 
  all you need is simple brain transplant . 
  damn this is great , this is what a good prank looks like instead of usual youtube bs . 
  who in the hell would want more of those pesky hobitses . 
  is that merkel ? 
  of course they are , there are always cynical people in charity related topics . . 
  who would do that ? 
  no one lies to get profit . 
  yea i would definitely rip it apart , sure who knows what the situation is , but this is a terrible way to get someone to change . 
  ( just to be clear , i am not alcoholic , just trying to think how i would react if i were in similar situation ), 
  damn that is a big amd graphics card . 
  `` pretending to be physicist '', 
  what a fucking prick ...
