  imagine the blowjob . 
  probably costs as much as a car . 
  i thought this one was already a sin ? 
  only a matter of time before someone gets hit by a train while dabbing . 
  these days they ca n't really hide it in that way , share holders have different expectations and market velocity is way higher . 
  sure dude . 
  your house would look like a weird airplane though . 
  check his post history . 
  really screams credibility to his claims . 
  they are already suffering pretty wild shit . 
  just look at the recent storms , drought and etc. 
  just when they announced dlc for d3 ? 
  you remember never ? 
  / r/totallynotrobots are excreting liquid compound . 
  do you wave your quills in front of her ? 
  that 's what china is doing . 
  it 's intro to it , this shit is usually as cringe as it gets . 
  this level of shit only happens on those 3rd party competitive servers . 
  though it is bad in valve servers too . 
  well fo4 was improved a lot with their dlcs . 
  no one has started bashing batteries here , chill and look at nice looking fireworks as horrible as the reason behind them happening is . 
  they are often called security cameras where i 'm from . 
  you have to hack the mainframe . 
  nyan dog . 
  with his science it will take 3 turns to catch up . 
  hello mister german . 
  yea , it will be musketmen vs modern armor, 
  that 's too much for any label . 
  that off button joke made me actually laugh out loud . 
  i wonder if you could create a ration pack which would last for centuries . 
  the ones he shows usually are not good after 30 + years because they do not really need to last longer than couple of years . 
  it did not even appear on my sub list yet . 
  i would ask for payment . 
  what else would you expect with norm , conan and ramsay in the same room . 
  how much different would it be if it was done in europe ? 
  ah yea , hearing damage , the bestest prank of them all . 
  you know shit got serious when gordon ramsay becomes liam neeson . 
  welcome to vsauce . 
  used to be interested and then it became random blaber about disjoint topics . 
  it is actually 150 % mortality rate . 
  out of all 2 people who produce life , more than 3 dies on average . 
  as a mathematician i find statements like that a very good indication of his level of comprehension about the issue . 
  4k is 1 kill off an ace . 
  the math that we have no data for yet ? 
  that is what the experiments happening in couple of cities are . 
  alpacas are actually aquatic mammals , that is why they have such long necks . 
  i still kinda hope it will succeed , i would love to see new means of transportation picking up . 
  i imagine that some people would say this and they would not be using sarcasm . 
  nah , that would be silly , why would you think that ? 
  all of us are dumb in majority of topics , we only hold a small fraction of knowledge . 
  hmm , i really liked hatter character in the show . 
  was he disliked ? 
  you seem to have no idea how these modeling techniques work . 
  they do not brute force . . brute forcing problems like this has not been a thing for decades . 
  we definitely could reduce it by sucking co2 , the problem is that no one will fund it enough for it to matter . 
  good thing we have 40 + years . 
  up until we started affecting it earth has been cooling for 5million years . 
  it is hard to believe that people are actually buying it . 
  when i see those things i just thing `` hmm that 10euros could buy me a nice full game '' . 
  come on , get on with the modern trends . 
  these days when you are running out of money you run for the office . 
  i had no idea these existed , is this american thing ? 
  just of matter of time before she blames this on patriarchy . 
  i mean , driving uber will get you to a loss if you do it long term . 
  so hopefully he only needed quick money for something . 
  how the fuck is this asmr ? 
  \\* on top of ** his ** truck, 
  knowing japanese , the road was back up a day after probably . 
  weird looking reptile . 
  do these guys hang on their long tail or only use it as means of balance ? 
  aaaand its a dickbutt . 
  now i wonder how picture would look like if you stably moved the camera back . 
  would it look like one of those cliche warp speed effects ? 
  ca n't even imagine what we would have if all that was spent on nasa . 
  as opposed to lack of global chaos we are having ? 
  damn youtube subtitles are frustrating , i had colours changed a while ago but recently it decided to switch it for me , so now i have white text in a bit darker white boarder . . 
  hmm so musk wants to get price of getting a person to mars down to 200k ( yea , doubt it would happen ) . 
  so lets say we are lucky enough to get it down to 1mil . 
  for 10trillion dollars we could get 10mil people to mars . 
  mars would have population size equivalent of sweden . 
  the problem is not figuring out , the problem is testing what we figured out . 
  building the fusion reactors is insanely expensive . 
  hard to tell what bottleneck would we reach . 
  fuck ups in science is a good thing cause you gain knowledge , fuck ups in war are bad . 
  not to mention his magnificent beard . 
  that is what i call symbiotic relationship . 
  with people like that we would still use horse carriages . 
  i thank people before us for not leaving us with shit ridden streets . 
  i mean , seriously , why do people believe ramblings of a random redditor . 
  why would musk invest his money if he did not have a clear plan and people who were capable of doing this ? 
  heck this is the whole `` spacex will not land their rocket because x '' discussion people had before . . 
  at the end , just do what you love , that is what makes it interesting for people who are going to stay watching because of you and not come for one random video which would be overproduced as the person above suggests . 
  pretty much what happened in uk . 
  they will build a wall . 
  because the population will collapse ? 
  iceland is quite warm with all their volcanoes . 
  south america is full of fuck ups too . 
  they will not be able to afford having children when they will need to take care of all the retired people . 
  but baltic states and finland has nothing even close to what ukraine and crimea had . 
  united states of eastern europe .
