  for the watch !, 
  nah it just stops time . 
  what the hell , he talks half of the video how hard he is working and that we should subscribe because of that . . then he bashes people who disliked his videos ?? 
  god what a trash of a youtuber . 
  it makes me just want to go and dislike his videos , which i will not do , because i would need to watch them to be sure if i liked them or not ( well this video i did watch ) . 
  damn it will be a bit scary to start game in expert mode from the start . 
  have not played the game in a while and not cheesing bosses will be interesting . 
  ora ora ora ora ora ora ora . . would explain how he can beat all those solders . 
  you mean you do n't ? 
  my testicle definitely dictates what i should do . 
  exactly , that video looked like it had very little editing done . 
  it 's never too early . 
  martian madness and cultist stuff is new . 
  solar eclipse is freakishly rare so you could have just not encountered it . 
  other ones are pretty common so you must have encountered them ( well unless your 140 hrs are before some patches ) . 
  make it 4 . 
  yes it is . . every item in terraria is hand crafted where most of the items in starbound are randomly generated . 
  the build variety in terraria is also far ahead of starbound . 
  i am impressed that he was not already muted . 
  but muting him will not make his score worse , i always mute if i see that they hinder my gameplay by bad mic use . 
  it 's better most of the times . 
  the problem that it mutes everyone , where i only mute the ones who are useless in voice . 
  congratz man , i hope you and your husband are happy together !, 
  think of all the gifts . 
  bet ? 
  he just drank some vodka and had a brilliant idea . 
  it 's very strange , pizza is one of the easiest things to bake which can be very tasty and is relatively cheap . 
  the only job mike rowe was not up for , was boob job . 
  load the game on expert mode and die 10 times the first hour . 
  hell even if it 's not in hot bar , i will go to my inventory for dynamite and accidentally use mirror . . 
  damn , i hope they will delay it a bit , changing devs so much could impact gameplay in bad direction . 
  what i encountered that usually its smaller streamers ( less than 1000 viewers ) who interacts with community the most/best . 
  which is logical since chat clutter is smaller and quality of comments is better . 
  though sometimes people tend to backseat too much . 
  i would think like in a lot of the stuff they took all the reliable sources on the length they could find and length varied that much depending on the papers . 
  expert is just a normal player who wishes to die 10 times more than usual . 
  that 's how he makes his money . 
  also how is it a trick ? 
  step 1 : learn polish . 
  well you can hold that 20 for when terraria 2 comes out . 
  one thing about multiplayer , we still need a better way to share the gameworld , when you have several people playing together and you want to leave , you still have to manually send world files to the next host . 
  would be cool if we could share the world in other ways ( just share the gameworld through steam cloud ) . 
  playing the game now on pc , i am in love with the music , so sad that i did not have enough money for soundtrack during the sale . 
  and the game design seemed like it would be easily carried over to mobile . 
  i guess i will stay on pc and get soundtrack during next sale . 
  tbh if you like a challenge then expert mode is a great place to start . 
  at least until you kill wof and start hardmode . 
  not cheesing the bosses as much as you do in normal mode will make the game experience better . 
  damn i am curious if that would happen , what if they teach bunch of gorillas/other primates then release them and return after several decades . 
  would there be bunch of monkeys who communicate in signs ( it could be useful for smaller ones , communicating without making sounds can help hide from predators . 
  are n't we already governed by monkeys ? 
  oh god this was brilliant !, 
  your vagina . 
  that pretty much sums up russian fashion . 
  they also understood that it was a comedic song . 
  damn i did not know this , quite interesting . 
  so it kinda was an `` early access '' game unofficially . 
  i do n't know man , expert mode vultures raped me when i got to desert . 
  now i wish someone would design it in a way lhc is designed an make balloons collide at one point . 
  i can agree , 0 is a countless number . 
  source - i am kinda shitty mathematician . 
  cmon , it was perfect opportunity to start it on an expert and laugh when she dies at every step . 
  and a shiny one !, 
  with god damn guns and knifes in it !, 
  usually they do not let you keep it , but who knows , pay a bit to the right person and you have a spare leg in a jar . 
  the games are still hosted on whoever starts the server . 
  tug of war , the game where you can get your arms literally ripped off . 
  when i was posting that i had no idea it could come of as something racial . . not really a lot of dark skinned people where i live so i am not up to date with all the stereotypes . 
  what if i imply that they can dunk a basketball ? 
  i love how kids just do n't give a fuck about how creepy this is . . 
  damn i thought i could finally build a console killer , but i 'm from europe . 
  balloons would pop before reaching it . 
  instead of tripping balls you would be tripping pussy . 
  well that was the point . 
  they already saw the signs and made a hyperbole . 
  the man , the legend . 
  thanks man !, 
  that makes this gif 100 times better !, 
  since i got iphone recently i started transitioning to itunes , but most of my music is in mp3 's from various sources . 
  talk about yourself , i only eat things which committed sudoku !, 
  wow reddit is really going downhill these past few months . 
  but hopefully it will get back up . 
  would not want to go elsewhere . 
  most of people from the last time went to . . ( w/e that site name was ) . 
  wait wait wait . . you mean to say that that came out of a human ? 
  geez it was worse than i expected , how can people be so out of touch with each other . 
  damn that looks pretty much exactly as reddit . 
  thanks for the giveaway, 
  spelunker glowsticks are pretty awesome . 
  look at what you did bastard !, 
  you made someone buy a fucking reddit gold !, 
  seriously people , donate to charities , or gift steam games or something else what was suggested . 
  it did , so weird . 
  a big part of bad side of reddit went there so i would not rush so fast . 
  well if they did stay dark they would not have the problem . 
  we were always here , we are the same as any other person on this sub . 
  i have never seen anyone get shat on for saying they liked consoles and pc . 
  the only people who get shat on are the ones who claim that consoles are superior and other people who are assholes in general . 
  not sure which side you applied to . 
  you might get one or two sarcastic replies but everyone in general does not hush opinions like that .
