  will be mostly gaming and listening to music at home , will use on board sound card , not sure what other info would be important when i 'm down to those 2 . 
  there are lots of graphics related stuff which causes you lag spikes , like strong boxes , talismans , someone running with god damn extra gore . 
  so since streamers play on hardcore league they want to minimize the risk of death due to that . 
  can we go back few thousand years for an example ? 
  well to be honest , it is hard to do all the customer support alone . 
  of course they will , they will give some cards so you could plea in the market . 
  like the room asigment is easy when you are still rising stats for dwellers , but it sounds impossible at 200 with leveled stats . 
  so 10 dwellers and waiting a week , that is pretty annoying . 
  it will shift again , i hear after back it will be ass hair . 
  i want to think that this guy just literally wants to go and touch every tree instead of doing other type of estimates . 
  people are usually suggesting getting takstar 2050 over 668b , prices are pretty close . 
  hmm would it be really that noticeably worse for gaming ? 
  come on , we all know that gordon is batman , there is no way that billionaire bruce wayne has time to fight crime . 
  and that geek in daily planet is the superman ? 
  what shrooms are you on mate ? 
  next you are going to say that oliver queen is the green arrow . . 
  mate 10 dollars are great , it can grant people quite a bit of happiness from playing a great game !, 
  meat ^ ^ ^ tm, 
  articles like this are one of the reasons no one i know reads wired . 
  we just imply that no f4 movies happened . 
  carpet diem, 
  wth are you talking about . . 
  i have no idea what that is but it seems to have a happy ending . 
  there has been a brojob or two between these 2 . 
  so what you are saying , there is 10 % chance ? 
  why did you not come back after going out to buy cigarettes ? 
  we had it set to fuckoff . 
  unless your job is to stroke plants in a plant-sexual way . 
  i did 62 +5 * 10 +12 +7 -1 probably simplest way to use all the numbers . 
  it is a weird game , but kinda fun i guess ? 
  hard to do a drinking game out of it though . 
  maybe for every number left unused you have to take a shot ? 
  you ca n't really not laugh when sips laughs . 
  he just makes you think that you drop things on accident . 
  because when you are rich , everything is street legal . 
  dating someone who never uses internet ? 
  you could reuse all the damn jokes and other stuff !, 
  one is like preschool football player and another is ronaldo . 
  or like british national team vs german team . 
  adds a lot to entertainment . 
  i never actually went and listen to the song , but now i think it is time , too many discussions about it . 
  damn . . 
  i wtf out loud at this one . 
  yea you stumble upon an episode and then few moments later you are binge watching the entire thing . 
  well not really my genre so that was the reason to not listening to it . 
  so the key point about cod is simplicity and thats why it is better ? 
  well . . 
  i have not played either for two years , but simplicity was why i liked lol more , but i would never say it is better than dota . 
  he likes the food in quite a lot of his shows , its just kitchen nightmares and hells kitchen where he has more negative reactions . 
  he is cured guys !, 
  gaming cured him !, 
  this just wants to be made into a thing . 
  we would love a lot of qol things from dota , but we are not going to get them , not until valve puts more money into development . 
  of course they will not share information when russia has been sending bombs indiscriminately , with a big number of innocent people getting in the way . 
  no normal country would want to risk giving information which would lead to someone acting hastily , without any thought about collateral damage . 
  it would be funny if someone would get paid to be a shill and then go on and write things which are obviously sarcastic and hyperbolic . 
  which people would upvote and the troll factory would think people are liking their propaganda and continue to pay to that guy . 
  maybe instead of bible he should read the dictionary . 
  he is probably biting them out of nervousness . 
  sometimes it is annoying that i go trough a hard study process earning a math related masters degree and some random guy who is barely contributing ( probably leeching more than contributing ) is living life where he can have whatever he wants . 
  that is kinda what this subreddit became recently , and i ca n't really understand why ? 
  look at how rising threads look like , they have all the anti-russian , even a lot of midway , comments downvoted until threads show up on the front page/close to it and then it equals out and stays in postives . 
  quite shocking . 
  obviously it was hunting some chicks . 
  not for the current crappy lunchboxes . 
  `` i was just chopping my onions while i was running code profiler '', 
  damn . . 
  if only we had more shows like this !, 
  what time to be alive !, 
  with craig we get 2 in 1 . 
  how is it different from normal plate ? 
  just tastes best together , duh . 
  ohh these `` fans '' can say a lot of terrible things , like threaten your kids and other terrible things like that . 
  when a huge group of people do that it can get a bit scary/unpleasant . 
  you ca n't just expect a fucking legend to listen and calm down . 
  how does it taste op ? 
  that 's why i only travel in coffins , it saves up time . 
  i guess he is gon now . 
  `` thanks for the beer ! '', 
  nah , no one is that fast to catch up to sydney housing prices . 
  that is cunt dracula to you . 
  nope , australian . 
  dance !, 
  muhahaha, 
  too extreme even for reddit . 
  he was buried behind all that rubbish on the counter . 
  you even get free breakfast . 
  everything is better with pizzas . 
  this is great invention and guy is awesome , but damn this video . . a few unnecessarily things . 
  that intro and that green-screen effect just takes away from it . 
  oh wow , it is actually pretty great video if it is his first , he explains everything very well and the aesthetics can be adjusted easily , hopefully he will continue making them . 
  the same way you change karma into something valuable . 
  by using imagination . 
  still feels good to get it . 
  a whole minute ? 
  damn man . 
  seems like there are no closets to come out of in this house . 
  - swan definitely, 
  pocket dildos , duh . 
  meanwhile i sit with collect 250 weapons and stop 80 incidents and collect 160 outfits for caps which i 'm too lazy to complete .
