  if you bootstrap then you will beat the test . 
  that is not a pet . 
  it 's jessica parker . . do n't be rude !, 
  is n't that what we all do ? 
  nice try skynet . 
  that 's when he decided to fuck up the world . 
  nah , it is joker whale , `` do you want to know how i got this scar ? 
  that 's what sank the titanic . 
  probably magic . 
  6987 , thanks for giveaway . 
  but since i have fallout 4 , if i win can you give it away to someone else ? 
  probably fastest you can get from full mast to mr.atom . 
  was it that bad ? 
  i really hoped to see him do a good bruce wayne . 
  yep , machine learning would definitely not spew something like that out . 
  well . . 
  it is still voodoo . 
  no he is not , the assholes are the people who pay low wages to the people who need to be tipped . 
  that `` i can explain this ! '', 
  face . 
  it always was so bizzare that people can actually get less than minimum wage for full time work !, 
  how that is legal is beyond be , tips or not . 
  well the moore 's law was working back then , now we are not that sure so progress might slow down at least in computational power sense . 
  so the new fast paced progress might be software based . 
  ca n't wait to see what we have in 10 years . 
  well that food will taste like very sour charcoal . 
  that is an unique taste . 
  with lots of imagination . 
  the good thing about the moore 's law was that the companies themselves followed this cycle because technological constrains allowed that . 
  now it is getting a bit tricky to reduce size of transistors in that time period so even intel admits that they pushed the cycle closer to about 2.5 years . 
  new innovative ways of increasing the performance are a bit more problematic because they are not easily predictable . 
  well about the source , since i did not really provide it , best i can do due to time constrains is to suggest you to check out http://www.economist.com/technology-quarterly/2016-03-12 they have few interesting articles about this . 
  not sure how many articles non subscribers can read for free so choose carefully . 
  yeah i thought so too , but since i have been preoccupied with reading scientific articles ( all of them having same structure ) for a research paper i got kinda worried about not being precise and wanted to provide something a bit better . 
  calm down cave johnson . 
  i always mess it up and kill neither of them . 
  our atmosphere would probably make that impossible with anything . 
  who would not want a cat which also earns them money . 
  they can also be cute . 
  you really should ease on the movies if it seems like this could be real . 
  it already has too much hype . 
  it is pretty dangerous for a first gen of product in a new segment which requires expensive hardware . 
  huh , why does it have [ original ] in the title ? 
  as if stating it in title would change much . . 
  the good thing about science papers is that most of them have very similar structure , especially when the research topics are similar . 
  this could make it easier . 
  as someone who has some knowledge and had implemented machine learning algorithms ( though my field is statistics so not really ai but more pattern recognition ) and who has read trough quite a few scientific papers about analysis of financial markets i can tell you that it would not be hard for correctly written algorithm to crunch that . 
  more sad than silly , looks like someone has been giving it too much food . 
  step 1 : post something blatantly incorrect, 
  step 2 : people will be angry and upvote it for other people to see their angry comment, 
  step 3 : ??? 
  step 4 : karma, 
  yea but it is a big part of our society ( be it unhealthy , but it does not change the fact ) , it is very silly thing to ban . 
  heck they have people committing genocide in star wars , but smoking is where we cross the line . 
  we should also ban showing people who do not exercise or get drunk every day . 
  both of these things are very addicting and very unhealthy . 
  the issue is not them showing people smoking , the issue is in educating people that not everything they see other people do is healthy . 
  yes people are often depicted very physically inactive in movies . 
  nah his are too expensive and made by child labor . 
  meowtwo, 
  not cheap for the children who made them !, 
  there is steel cord in tires ? 
  just like real life . 
  usually you are not fast enough even for that . 
  `` you fucking hard worker who worked all night !, 
  i 'll go sit on my ass all day '' i am not sure who he is insulting . 
  all will be fixed if they will acomplish their future plans and have uber a self driving car network . 
  will take couple decades though . 
  well you ca n't really be happy about people endangering everyone on the road . 
  less idiots like people in the video and we would not have as many car accidents as we have . 
  it spewed fire out of exhaust . 
  it obviously was faster . 
  try playing on low difficulty like prince . 
  you should watch tv series vikings . 
  either that or he is a cannibal . 
  well it is not his first time . 
  he had game for months and played it several times probably . 
  says the shark . . then again i have never met a shark . 
  well ... 
  i go kill kellogs guy with piper then meet up with valentine and piper talks as if she heard that i killed him for the first time . 
  look at the time stamps . . 
  what the hell ? 
  the amount of time these matches take and they need to run around and hit the ball makes it definitely a sport . 
  wow . . 
  they won quite a good experience . 
  no idea what was happening or what the rules were . . 
  eating chocolate pie while watching this was . . an experience . . 
  what crappy cups do the shop you buy coffee from uses ? 
  yeah when i buy some coffee from vending machine it is always very hot , so it takes half of lecture for it to cool down enough to be drinkable comfortably . 
  is there another way ? 
  spoons are too primitive . 
  or you know ... she washed it ? 
  the only time i saw pink salt is the ones you put in bath . . 
  with that phrasing . . 
  why would they not work on it when they have several dlc 's planned . 
  great hamster war is not a joke !, 
  at one point i could n't take it anymore and binged all of wilty episodes i could find on yt . 
  well it is his stream show . 
  * time of the day, 
  well i really liked this one , but it is just an opinion .
