  in the interview he said he was happy about making top3 but was a bit disappointed in the weight he managed to lift . 
  nah , if he was lithuanian he would be better at english . 
  well this is new , never saw a bot do this . 
  nah , he had better results in lithuanian championship . 
  so he definitely could have done it , just made a mistake probably . 
  50 pounds . 
  that is probably as much as normal espresso would cost in london . 
  that is what scenarios are in strategy games . 
  nah this is new ea game , battlefield-nba . 
  i now imagine activision coming to this thread , reading my comment and thinking `` what a brilliant idea for next cod game '' . 
  it seems to be how they make the games . 
  for me labyrinth was probably the least favorite update in the game ( mostly because of unstable internet and lag ) , putting asc behind it made it very frustrating experience . 
  it would be great if it was a side thing , but i understand the idea behind it and why it was done like that . 
  yea , solid price for a good clock . 
  though i think dyi guides will show up for something like this since the idea is pretty simple . 
  yes , how else would you interpret this ? 
  news channel which is not fearmongering and not overblowing the concerns ? 
  what universe is this ? 
  i mean , if he would have done worse than that in lithuanian championship then we would have other people competing at olympics . 
  as if mere ceiling would stop cat from reaching it . 
  can someone explain , how could humans defy something what is omnipotent ? 
  if he was real and would see us unfit we would be wiped out without a trace . 
  because he is chuck norris and no condom could stop him . 
  you are just not trying it hard enough . 
  damn i miss this guy . 
  well does not really apply here because of the scale . 
  if you would do the math you would realize that the chances are about 0 . 
  you forgot to multiply it by the partial factorial . 
  which would end up making p ( a ' ) very close to 1 , then since we are talking about p ( a ) we would have to go 1-p ( a ' ) and we get approximately 0 . 
  it is about leaving them a choice . 
  how simple concept like that is too hard for you to understand ? 
  the guns gives people false sense of control . 
  so it makes sense . 
  we do n't yet know if there will be a season 2 of dlcs . 
  this thread is hilarious , thanks for sharing and making us smile !, 
  wait till you hear about 111 one . 
  still a rat . 
  it will end up being philosopher and live in a jar . 
  as if the world needs any more crappy wannabe poets . 
  boxing is probably most corrupt of the olympic sports so it was set up so it would be impossible to appeal . 
  i heard that if you rub chris head you will have a lot of mirrors in next league . 
  300 euros here in lithuania . 
  and this is probably the cheapest 8gig 480 you can get . 
  very likely to be the case , our best option is to just order it from poland/germany and it will be cheaper even with shipping . 
  ok i missed that it will be free 90days after , so it is not as bad as i thought . 
  even though stalin was responsible for more deaths , history will always see hitler as the big taboo . 
  with enough power to snap your head right off !, 
  one of my favorite movie series ( yes i am probably the only one who actually liked hypercube ) , but it it is not a relevant gif . 
  meh , i have been seeing shitposts like this for centuries . 
  i barely was able to keep up with what characters were doing what in this arc . 
  had similar experiance with some attack on titan chapters . 
  gantz was semi decent . 
  this is how all olympics should be . 
  something what will be developed during ww3 , trust me , i 'm an expert . 
  i love that the writers decided `` let 's add some random tech words to spice this up , our audience will not understand it anyway '' . 
  any sport involved horses does not sound cheap . 
  each drink with surprise cancer . 
  bicentennial man , not sure if it counts as futuristic since it is not far future what they were showing . 
  sounds like a bad trait for someone in military . 
  could breaking the egg contaminate it ? 
  who knows , maybe he is drinking gasoline . 
  `` fucking huge ocd fence '' is definitely a good name . 
  how can you even beat something like that . 
  they will probably fight on earth since thanos will come for mind gem . 
  we should just use term - pre - in depth review sales . 
  even their animal tourists screw thing over . 
  does not matter , they still hold the best name for a region . 
  no wonder i ca n't win anything when guys like this do it every time . 
  or it might be because i do n't buy lottery tickets . 
  hard to tell . 
  does op know he is an ad ? 
  nah , it will be buu , shit is going down . 
  too late . 
  as soon as he opened excel to use on fucking ar goggles it was clear it is just an ad , no sane people would do that . 
  yep , watched the series 3 times , this always cracks me up . 
  my newt . 
  based on his balls , probably not . 
  have you tried overclocking your dog ? 
  is n't making people laugh the whole point of comedy ? 
  so in that case it should be the core aim . 
  this requires a lot of sunlight so probably would be hard to use in mars . 
  not sure how it would work on moon . 
  i was more referring whether the `` moondust '' would work same as this sand . 
  mine, 
  sorry to burst your bubble , that is not usa . 
  this is the least scary thing out of these . 
  people overblown the dangers of this . 
  might still be cheaper . 
  read this in his thors voice . 
  russia would just say the noticed . 
  ah , you are one of those type of people . 
  heck even with those agencies the corporations are always finding loopholes and screwing majority of people over in order to boost up a fraction they benefit from . 
  which is why i am stuck at dmg , i do n't want to meet them , not because i still suck after 2.5 k hours . 
  ok so i am not the only person who thinks milka is far too sweet . 
  yea i do n't deny that , i am mostly talking about anthrax one . 
  have you tried chocolate bars for culinary , they usually tend to have less sugar and they have a decent taste . 
  yes because us is the only country in the world . . 
  most of the countries who live happiest are the most tax intensive . 
  damn 5dollars for what i assume 0.5 l. 
  were you on drugs while making this ?
