  sorry not a citizen of usa . 
  now i wonder , has anybody tried using it in culinary ? 
   dentist, 
  ah the culinary master . 
  they still float just not at the surface . 
  [ to float ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/float ), 
  well , kinda . 
  if it actually sinks and stops . 
  or vegetable man . 
  yes you can . 
  living story 1 was where they did not know where they wanted it to go so there is only a recap mission of it . 
  but living story 2 can be played ever since it was launched . 
  pierce the heart with the nails . 
  dollars in the bank . 
  2017 will surprise you . 
  that 's exactly why he is coming back . 
  i want a vacation . 
  helps to have no debt because of free healthcare and higher education . 
  i mean , i do like the song , but hearing this in the concert would be better than hearing the same old song which you can listen to at home . 
  i go for performance not for accurate songs . 
  it is often joked around in whose line is it anyways , everyone understands there is no negativity in that . 
  you have to take into account its yellow . 
  which is cancer . 
  he just had some fresh blood . 
  nah , i think we need inquisitor here . 
  meh , did n't fool me , it is obviously just pure translocation magic . 
  i am pretty much agnostic , but sometimes i tag along to church with my parents or grandparents , there is this one really good priest who actually explains and interprets everything really nicely and in modern terms . 
  does not preach damnation everywhere , he just tries to more show the philosophical and social side of the belief . 
  i think there is a place for this kind of religion . 
  this american style of christianity where they shout and try to use and abuse fear is so weird , like going back to middle ages . 
  seems like it is just coming for the election . 
  has to show up sometime if it wants to be elected . 
  i mean he is a douche . 
  but screaming `` you are a maniac '' in high pitch , pushing and kicking someone is quite ironic . 
  this was reuploaded so much that it is barely possible to read it . 
  what is hard to understand ? 
  139 pounds of dollars . 
  you do understand how gadgets work ? 
  you can turn things off . 
  he had a bit of it at the end there . 
  servers cost a lot . 
  it is kinda funny that people who have the most conspiracies about shadow government and surveillance are the ones who are most likely to be tracked . 
  not what i expected . 
  interesting way to safely chop onions . 
  damn , had no idea something like that happened . 
  damn , i guess every coin has two sides . 
  i hope that water is really really cold . 
  peeing on other peoples property ? 
  i mean , that is how long a short session of d&d takes . 
  you do n't have to watch all of it at once . 
  probably cheaper to buy from germany ant get it delivered to us . 
  or even to drive there . 
  i bet on the police car . 
  damn , i like this guy 's humor . 
  now i will have to find all of his videos and binge . 
  thanks op . . 
  i really doubt that we could get even close to 1 % , the volume of ocean is just so massive it is hard to comprehend . 
  he already did , do n't you see all the babies ? 
  nice try comcast . 
  i always found that zika sounds like some type of south american dance and not a virus . 
  they need some type of scarier name . 
  like destroyer of worlds . 
  whose genius idea was to conduct this in whale sanctuary ? 
  we are already starting to feel effects in western world of too low birth rates . 
  it is pretty scary because of how fast it spreads since it is hard to notice . 
  it also might be causing birth defects . 
  lies , my parents were killed in that war !, 
  i do n't know , i think this is some kind of talent . 
  not everyone could pull this off . 
  i immediately think about that one scene from first resident evil movie . 
  knowing me , i would probably get impaled multiple times by branches . 
  am i the only one who found that the best part about the video ? 
  toys will have some extra anthrax for children on naughty list . 
  ah , the god of kinky sex . 
  was it not a swan ? 
  i am pretty sure they have had it drilled into their minds . 
  they just want to cash out as much as they can from it . 
  do n't know how can she now one up him ? 
  well he just used his time machine duh . . 
  like where can a dude these days go to calmly watch nature go nuts and destroy things ? 
  knowing me , i would probably kill myself by doing this . 
  which is why i study math , it ca n't kill me . 
  damn , that is an antique pepe . 
  he seemed to be a nice guy and had a little bit of fun . 
  why are you being such a dick about something this trivial ? 
  careful , if she bites your finger and tastes meat , we will all be dead . 
  as i said , trivial . 
  i kinda think that otherwise it would be too boring , you would be able to afk it whole time . 
  same reason beer company has record book . 
  a person had an interesting idea and polished it . 
  i think we should build a wall to keep those pesky asteroids out of our planet . 
  make earth great again !, 
  nothing happened . 
  was it shot out of cannon ? 
  the same way european companies do it all around eu ? 
  report them all to steam , in few decades they might be banned . 
  knowing how crappily corrupt a lot of doctors are where i live , i would not be too surprised . 
  best i can do with my anxiety is donating blood every 2 or so months . 
  well that is definitely not tourism ad . 
  honestly , at this point i am not even surprised .
