  is that the one where you have metal heels ? 
  well then again im pretty biased , because the only black people i see irl are 90 % of the time basketball players , eastern europe is n't very racially diverse . 
  idk i 'm lithuanian and we have a lot of potatoes and beer , so its confusing . 
  no its irish who dances our dance !, 
  yep , they are implementing ask before shooting feature . 
  yep and i cant seem to get to the mindfuck part of it . . 
  '' hey i work at nasa '', 
  its easy to bash both sides , but maybe the driver made a mistake , and maybe the pedestrian has been having a bad day and this put him over the edge . . 
  this gif keeps causing the unnecessary web-knights fight each time . 
  i can confirm , tub is one of the safe spots i would use in case of emergency . 
  well then should n't the first part be `` why five afraid of seven was '' ? 
  wait ... do n't you know about the terrible monster dimension under the bed ? 
  dude that 's not urinal , that 's wiener warmer !, 
  ok thats one of the rare facebook posts which made me laugh . . 
  but its not the sheets what holds the power , its the imagination , and mine is too creepy and will kill me if it gets the chance . 
  but they do look so much alike !, 
  its just like him but younger !, 
  idk , it does n't seem like the show is too oriented at the adults . 
  a lot of it is what should be general knowledge and a lot of adults knows , sure bits and pieces are new , but sill . 
  huh ? 
  im a person , i think . 
  well sure we can , though im not a big fan of it . 
  i think he tried to make a joke or thought i was someone else , cant decide , but i decided to troll a bit . 
  i guess it makes sense , otherwise it would be morning show or smth . 
  still though , they are trying to show it in so simple terms , thats what made me wonder . 
  i 'm still watching the show even though most info is not news , it is a good show to relax with and just look at how they illustrate the story , learn some back-stories behind some of the discoveries and etc. 
  yes you can even smell the rotting meat from the gif . . 
  its just me i guess . 
  it means have a nice day . . 
  they know . 
  i wish i could think of something like that if i saw myself being filmed . . 
  did you find this in nigeria ? 
  yep , but these are rarely true events so they get downvoted by skeptics to hell . 
  he saw bear grills and now is thinking about how to fix the freshwater problem . 
  im pretty sure this is magic . 
  well those darn time lords . . 
  yea , they have been having website problems for couple of days . 
  seems like you still need to work more . 
  those damn ani . . things . 
  it is rewarding , i had a lot of fun discussions from it , far more rewarding than karma . 
  and when you see 30 alongside it you think `` wtf did i say last night '' . 
  as they said its very early and stripped down , most of engine capabilities we probably are not seeing in this video . 
  so is the loose files on desktop . 
  not if you know where things are . . 
  ive got him tagged as god of porn gifs , he is in the pantheon alongside squalor ( sorry i think i messed up his nick ) . 
  there is no black panthers , but there is definitely a pink one . 
  parallax is pretty much the same in most languages . 
  so its not the language education problem , its more likely lack of general knowledge . 
  well yours is a bit arrogant . 
  baths are the best !, 
  well its less shameful than usual commentator nicknames , i tend to come across with a lot of terrible ones . 
  good old cs 1.5 nicknames , sadly you can only find hitler , or hussein , or osama on cs : go, 
  well when i made mine i just wanted something unrelated to my other nicknames so i just used the words which came first to my mind . 
  irs funny to imagine some of people using same logic and ending up with the novelty ones . 
  but those parts of the bread are best !, 
  at what gmt you guys play ? 
  its an art installation not a bench for sitting . . you can use normal ones for that . 
  i thought that the point in gluten free diet was to use it if you are allergic ( ~ 1 % pop ) , but it seems like it went out of hand in us like everything . . 
  it was in even bigger quantities as bread-like food was way more popular . . 
  you say you researched but you provide 0 sources , that means either you are full of crap , or your `` research '' was googling it and choosing the articles which were supporting gluten-free movement despite who written it and ignoring all the rest of scientific papers . 
  no problem mate , as for the region most of the things in germany i would probably be able to get ( poland would be closer if you seen it ) , though the price might get bigger ( my country is weird like that ) , but i just need a baseline of what a build should look like in that price range cause i have n't read up on hardware in couple of years . 
  i just got tired of my old pc as the 9800gtx + started to behave strangely . 
  yep sounds perfect . 
  i 'm just new to the whole ordering things to get shipped , always felt anxious about that ( but its the subconscious type of anxiety , i know that all is safe ) . 
  the fish just claimed the safe , fenced of property , cant blame it !, 
  you must have went to an amature , professional van drivers have candy . 
  or vice versa !, 
  might be that or any other transmitter , they arent in particulary different shapes . 
  yep , make some tea , grab some biscuits and wait for guests . 
  or you know , you could ignore them ? 
  any post would be posted less if you needed to put pictures , this is not facebook . . 
  both seem pretty cool , though the second is a bit too expensive for me ( 50 euros or so too much ) , but im still surfing for prices , i also might try sell my current one cheaply for family friends and get a bit of boost . 
  thanks for so much info . 
  just overall , being out of control of the item you buy until it arrives . 
  yea amazon is pretty expensive to get shipped to me , it ends up being cheaper to buy from local distributors . 
  yep , the better one costs 820 eur with current prices i found . 
  [ this place ] ( http://www.electronics.balticmart.eu/index.php?page=products_catalog&amp;hl=en_us ) is having the best prices as i see , just doesnt have few of items in stock . 
  my current specs are :, 
  geforce 9800 gtx/gtx +, 
  intel core 2 duo e7300 2.66 ghz, 
  samsung hd753lj ata hard disc ( 750gb ,7200 rpm , 32mb cache ), 
  2x2gb ddr2 rams . . 
  and cant seem to find my power supply specs . 
  yep so ill probably be grabbing the first one , but with 4570 cpu , i might also try to post build on other subreddit to get more opinions and suggestions if you dont mind . 
  i will go with i5-4570 as price where im getting it is the same as 4440 so i dont see why not ? 
  so does that change anything ? 
  was already looking for cheaper case so thanks for that , i 'll check out the ram and gpu so thanks for great suggestions . 
  also i find it rare to see geforce suggestion , why people tend to go with radeon , what are the downsides of it ? 
  yea 770gtx seems expensive , though its also is somehow harder to locate the correct model of it , in the shop i provided there are few variations of 770 and 760 . 
  also what about an ssd , is there a way to get it into the budget ( im willing to lose size on normal hdd as i got an external drive ) . 
  im not sure how it affects performance . 
  edit :, 
  is 1600 mt/s ddr3 good enough or is a bit more worth in budget build . 
  and also my friend pointed out 550w power might be short for 770 , is it a concern ( tight fit ) or is there enough space of power . 
  the first games ill go through is witcher series ( first two in particular ) , batman series , continue on my diablo 3 , minecraft , cs : go . 
  and games which will come out soon ( rarely play shooters , most of the time rpgs ) . 
  the build you dropped seems quite good and mostly what i want , though ive read few bad reviews of m500 ssd , so might go with something else and not a hybrid ( low write speeds ) . 
  so always discussing at / r/buildapc i currently down to :, 
  quite a few changes as you see , but most of them seems decent . 
  ended up going for cheaper mobo , ditched the seethrough side case as it increases price which i can reuse , went with geforce as its a bit faster .
