  full of open nothingness . 
  australia is about 75 % size of europe but it has only ~ 3 % of europe 's population . 
  is n't it also putting that kid in danger by not informing others about his condition for gym class ? 
  like you definitely should take more care about protecting him from falling since he would have hard time stopping ? 
  i am pretty sure this was filmed by joker with parkinson . 
  the bean one i did not know about , seems interesting . 
  what were we talking about again ? 
  if you are trained then yea , if you are 8 year old kid then it is a bit different story . 
  this changes my perspective on life completely . 
  no it 's not ? 
  europe is ~ 10m sq km , australia is ~ 7.5 m sq km . 
  this cat is a true viper . 
  worst allergy ever . 
  seems like the only reason we have advanced science is because of alcohol . 
  in more than one way . 
  well those sailors were the main clients of prostitutes . 
  there is evidence that events which theoretically caused life to appear on earth happens all over the universe . 
  there are also evidence of complex molecules all over the solar system . 
  when you add these things up and you take into account how unimaginably huge the universe is , you have to admit that statistically it is very unlikely that we are the only ones out there . 
  welll . . a lot of the stars would not have good conditions for that to our understanding . 
  so his estimate might be closer . 
  then again we ca n't really be sure what is necessary for life . 
  i 'm sorry what ? 
  sloth - me, 
  so he would fit as pride ? 
  yea but you ca n't just give another man your velcro dick . 
  actually , that 's how they charge their batteries . 
  get on my level op , i recently had a dream about the pop-up and accidentally clicking install . 
  it was movie based on captain america comics . 
  honestly something similar probably already exists . 
  bungou stray dogs is about private investigation agency with all members having super powers . 
  shit you !, 
  those guys should have asked for more . 
  but they might have had to give it for free then . 
  oh not everywhere in europe . 
  covering your face in public is prohibited . 
  it is weird in how many places insulting politicians or heads of state is illegal . 
  you are not supposed to be nice to people on the internet , it 's against the rules !, 
  like seriously , we are few months away from the olympic games and these things are happening . . 
  some countries will refuse to send people at one point . 
  oh i remember making a script for that game which would just move the cursor to correct places and click them to farm some easy quests . 
  good old times . 
  hard to tell how much will it affect since phone numbers are cheap , but i really hope this will make a difference . 
  tasted a lot of truffles to have that statistical confidence ? 
  we kinda do n't , we know they are priority , but they are not going to be all the matched people . 
  where does it say that ? 
  the pop-up only said it will be prioritized . 
  hopefully he adores them not too much . 
  if kardashian was in that party he would still not be the least lively person . 
  poor slash , being put in to perform with that company . . at least he probably got a nice paycheck . 
  they are not , those are modern space missions . 
  how long would it take to hardboil it ? 
  my ass , i 'm loving it . 
  maybe he moved his hand very fast . 
  they are not even trying anymore . . 
  well it does seem like a very political timing . 
  a nice day ? 
  well what do you expect ? 
  no one actually cares about you or knows you so if you are just seeking attention then the result will be negative . 
  smooooke on the waaater !, 
  thank god they exist , a lot of these books would have been very hard to go trough instead of being entertaining . 
  writing a readable book is a hard thing . 
  edit : wtf did he edit his comment into . . 
  it is more like filling up your own subreddit with hundred posts which all make sense together . 
  surfing reddit , you ca n't do anything better than that . 
  fire is vital in most of the forests or ecosystems in general, 
  not only that but it is a sequel to a movie where they managed to infect alien computer with human computer virus which ended up fucking up the whole armada . . 
  kinda feel that having firearms available is very bad when you might have depression . 
  most of other methods would have some type of time you could back out of it , or get free , but once you decide to shoot yourself then there is no going back , either you will succeed in killing yourself or crippling yourself . 
  then again i live in a country where suicide is very high and we do not have firearms available , so hard to quantify whether it is a significant factor . 
  added ? 
  still smells like you . 
  damn 8 ads ? 
  i am missing a lot with my adblock on . 
  there are other ways to contribute than waste time on ads . 
  well then it does not seem like you mod a lot . 
  when you are trying to add 50 + mods to your game and trying to get everything working without crashes or bugs or save corruptions it becomes a lot of work . 
  work which you paid for . . 
  it is a bad thing because it divides the community , we already had proof of that on skyrim . 
  quality will drop . 
  it will not create more quality , definitely not in the community as a whole . 
  main reason is that mods very often depend on each other and give other modders a bigger pallette to work with . 
  when mods will be paid the mod interactions will drop substantially and thus will lower the quality they would have had . 
  again , we saw this and this was one of the main factors against skyrim incident . 
  in a perfect world it would work well , but it does not work well in this context . 
  fill it full of chickens . 
  several on each pawn . 
  `` know your place human ! '', 
  this was like a conversation from 2 people in an insane asylum . 
  well you could probably print couch and bed ( just add layer of matrass or cushions for it to be comfortable ) . 
  refrigerator poses some difficulties . 
  3d printing houses was in sci-fi for a long time . 
  well not all people pretend they know everything . 
  this kinda shows that he is intelligent . 
  `` guiness book of fucking retards '', 
  damn this cracked me up . . 
  sometimes i feel slightly bad for laughing at some of his jokes . 
  they are wearing gloves . 
  i would compare modding to doing open source work . 
  who would not be chill if they lived in hawaii ?
