  i mean , the whole point of a mansion is having a huge `` back yard '' . 
  heck it is probably the case to any house . 
  if we would not care about that we could stack the living quarters on top of each other and the area would decrease significantly . 
  some of them do , few varieties exist . 
  not the first time i would guess . 
  i do like all of these . 
  i liked the part between when the stupid dance ended and the chorus . 
  not great , but definitely would be decent if it held that style . 
  nah , it was grenade full of ecstasy . 
  have you tried kissing before blowjob ? 
  / r/thingsforgiants, 
  and why not just use proper equipment designed for that ? 
  yea but it is not the most robust sense . 
  going to rob him of his clothes ? 
  and there is that one guy who got gold because people wanted to see him eat a dick . 
  is it wrong if i do not want to be someone who gets it ? 
  try drinking some warm water . 
  well the federation victory is close to that . 
  french about french language ? 
  definitely . 
  it would still probably be impossible to do it without wars , ai is a bit wonky when it comes to diplomacy . 
  but it is as close as we will get without expansion i believe . 
  this whole mentality of if you are not working overtime or missing deadlines there must be something wrong , is so stupid . 
  is that fungi or eggs ? 
  just some shadow clones . 
  would not work since they are not an illusion , the clones are real physical copies . 
  pretty much only punching it will help you tell . 
  member when we actually liked locking wild animals into confined spaces ? 
  because the questions presidential candidates are getting are very scripted . 
  is n't australia already one of the hardest places to immigrate in western world ? 
  i carry 10d20 so i could try roll a crit in hide . 
  they also all have at least one eye . 
  you pc bro ? 
  when it comes to global climate system , it should not be a choice . 
  millions of people are starving because of this and a lot more are going to die if there is no significant shift . 
  you do realize that poor people are the ones who will be the most affected by climate change . 
  i 'm as a ` rich ' white person am going to be fine either way . 
  i am for skynet being the leader . 
  there ca n't be oppression if there are no humans left , you might be right . 
  he nailed it . 
  seriously , i thought there would be any physical/monetary incentives like with bing , but this is just them wanting free labor . 
  it 's best to only get tiny does of cancer , immune system might deal with it . 
  yea i member . 
  member jar jar ? 
  i 'm not a grape , i 'm member berry . 
  member them ? 
  they already have the costs down , without the reuse . 
  failure is the only true way towards progress . 
  just because the explosion did not happen it does not mean the system was working perfectly . 
  things like this is very much based on probability . 
  luckily it was unmanned rocket and they will have information to make it better . 
  yea , but who has more fun ? 
  some man have that too if they eat enough . 
  yea , i am not claustrophobic , but the sound around me made the experience a bit worse . 
  also my stomach felt really really weird even though they scanned my brain . 
  yea , ramsay made sure of that . 
  gorilla armies are scary , look at what happened in south american countries . 
  this pig looks high , is this how you make smoked bacon ? 
  well how else are you supposed to learn drive a stick ? 
  just when bosnia is having internal problems again . 
  i would be fine with bungee jumping and skydiving but human error is what is i am worried about . 
  yeah the 40 matches for example starting to increase . 
  for whatever reason `` well hung control '' made me chuckle . 
  yes you are . 
  reddit , we finally found one of those `` am i the only one . . '' comments where the answer is actually yes . 
  yea first match seemed to be full of mistakes on both sides . 
  but the game seems fun ( have not played withcher 3 yet , still busy with 2 so ca n't compare with in game gwent ) . 
  one mans / r/bestof is another mans / r/hailcorporate, 
  the first part usually . 
  but it takes more than just mentioning . 
  well they are building bigger/stronger press so it will change things up . 
  history consisting of high % comments/posts mentioning it what it takes . 
  yeah , i am going to play my own witcher storyline , with gwent and hookers . 
  what about hookers ? 
  same thing we do every night pinky , masturbating . 
  i am not even sure what his business is . 
  when you are drunk enough , it does not matter . 
  i would think that mexican thugs would just set the car on fire . 
  how does he have friends ? 
  it really depends on the game . 
  most of the time i interested in the story so i will play until i finish it ( so 10-60 hours depending on game ) . 
  and then there is cs : go 2.5 k hours and counting . 
  it is a really perfect game to get your mind off whatever was bothering you that day and just shut off for a while . 
  it became like a routine meditation to play a match almost every day . 
  you scared me for a second . 
  it would be same in most of the europe as it was in norway . 
  british panel show clips gets reposted often . 
  what a bunch of pussies . 
  somehow i lost any interest in living after seeing that . 
  wait , maybe lost is sequel after oliver queen decides to return to the island ( because he is the only one who sees how things got fucked up after flashpoint ) at old age as john lock and has to lie about his past ( all the flashbacks show his lies ) . 
  more like another family member . 
  forgot sounding like in a submarine . 
  so too small then . 
  i would guess that more proper for ai would be to figure out how the game works without giving it instructions on the rules ( though it probably would not be too hard to make it even without complex algorithms ) . 
  are you sure it is not a pattern ? 
  maybe sample is just too small . 
  have to use my degree in as much shitposting as i can . 
  it 's the most normal degree i could have gotten . 
  must have royal blood . 
  it probably would be fine , just not sure if it would clean it well .
