  it could also help to translate other sound based information , like sirens / fire alarms . 
  will there be some kind of quest based tutorial system ? 
  like it gives quests which shows you steb by step how to get into certain mod ? 
  because thats kinda a good way to easy in people into trying out new mods , especially in modpack like rr/yogs where there are overwhelming number of mods and you certainly cant try them all out , but choosing which one to build around next is a bit complicated . 
  i dont really know , i live in a city . 
  but it seems like it would be too attractive opportunity for some people . 
  im not fully sure , thats why i opted out of it . 
  yea something like that , the thing is that not all mods really need the system , the larger ones like mekanism , tinker ( which kinda has ) and etc. 
  does need it . 
  but smaller ones could be grouped ( for example , growth craft + magical farm + smth similar ) . 
  sounds cool , but 3.0 is coming with next minecraft version or is it unrelated , at work atm so just skimped through the topics ? 
  oh didint realize 1.7 was out . 
  though switching to next version modpacks was always a bit annoying for me as you cant continue on your old world : /, 
  would like to join , though i wo n't be able to play much up untill 10th as i have a job and am studying for exam . 
  nah i only spend few hrs on my world , thats why im wondering if its worth to play or to wait for 3.0 . 
  on the topic of deadpool , which comics should i read ? 
  i want to start reading something from marvel and deadpool seems to be the beast choice to follow personally . 
  oh i thought it would be a bit sooner , well then i guess there is no point in waiting and i should read up on mekanism , using this mod for first time and it seems fun . 
  so when you play fetch you say `` run , forrest , run ! '', 
  i dont think its easy to accept the fall when your legs are off the ground . 
  so does these things appear everywhere ? 
  i think my base is near some kind of settlement , saw few mages in there and was going to raid and take over since it looks pretty decent ,, 
  at the end i almost cried out of laughter . . 
  this was asked several times , just use the search option . . 
  do n't underestimate my ability to procrastinate !, 
  why not ? 
  pirates watch a lot of movies . 
  im too confused . . is that an alien ? 
  i know the movie , that was sarcasm or w/e it was . 
  thats a proof that it was actually not lewis but his grandma . 
  oh god , first time im seeing , second time i almost cry out of laughter today . . 
  because sips in dirt factory is a clone . 
  proof that power corrupts people . 
  fuck . . now i realised that i misinterpretated food deserts , i though it was food desserts , not deserts , this now makes sense . . 
  sorry im not american so its hard to know the ways of freedom . 
  sure , the americans are the those who scream the most and involves themselves everywhere in the world , so thats why you are being focused on , everyone exclaims how great america is , but when you point out its problems they then say its bigotry . 
  the thing is , it was a talk about food deserts , and in all eu countries ive been to , its not really a thing , so if i know only america where it is widely spread then ofcourse i will use it . 
  but your pride clouds your ability to read and understand the situation in the world . 
  obesity has different causes and in most cases it differ by the region . 
  no , overeating is the result of the cause , and a lot of the times the quallity of food it also the cause . 
  you can eat a lot of some food and never get overweight . 
  `` fuck it , ill start my own army , with blackjack and hookers '', 
  it didint help much in prometheous . 
  then just usual 20century army ? 
  ubi just could have used a scapegoat and said that because of trauma he suffered by losing his niece he developed a split personality , one side of him is very anti-violence and wants to protect people , second side of him is sociopath who kills all criminals . 
  i hope its sarcasm , most of the media outlets doesnt understand the consepts of the products they are reviewing , moreover a lot of the time they are bias when producing their reviews . 
  probably , who knows , im in eastern europe and obesity here doesnt seem to be that widely spread ( im pretty sure there still is growth and problems with it , just not as far gone as elsewhere ) . 
  the problem is probably more connected to the way people look at eating , there are a lot of cultural things which contribute to it and also lack of push for educating people ( not just kids ) about how to eat healthy . 
  so any japansese billionaire wants to adopt mid 20s eastern european guy ? 
  i dont know , there are enough guns for order . 
  well its first time im seeing it , though its nothing special nor i care about john tyler . 
  i do understand that , it was just a joke . 
  they obviously adopt someone who they know well . 
  i really dislike the reviews , especially on games . 
  game is something what you experience based on your gameplay , review cant tell you how you will feel by playing the game , it can only objectively tell the technical stuff which dont matter when choosing game as much . 
  oh you are you my long lost brother who does not exist in this version of universe ? 
  sorry dont know any1 by those names where i live , well ive done some audits on few vladimirs , but still . 
  maybe eu4 ? 
  i am thinking about getting it but not sure yet ( or weather i should get dlcs ) . 
  i like to relax while playing strategy game , and multitask with watching tvseries or youtube , will this game allow me to do so or does it require a lot of focus ? 
  i would doubt that , but im not an expert so who knows , they are having some demographic issues so laws might be changing . 
  does the game lose a lot of complexity if i dont get any dlc ? 
  yep , though i will probably get it through market . 
  its just very slow . 
  they did it because it attracted too much traffic to site and they started having troubles , it will slowly return to be like in oldy days as far as i understood . 
  even / r/circlejerk ? 
  japan is going on . 
  really , doing it second time ? 
  not hard for long . 
  i really want to believe that the story is true . . 
  i dont know , posting social security , bank account number , name and other personal data sounds as the stupidest thing to do for a free game . 
  because its pretty worthless . 
  well thats an entertaining trailer , though not my style of games . 
  since it was rigged ( nuke below the rocket ) they wanted to get rid of it . 
  so it might be that they are going to restart the whole jaffa inc. building process . 
  im pretty sure you are a bundle of sticks , look at the kids `` origami '' . 
  dont worry , a lot of people did , including me . 
  im pretty sure it is technically a bus at that point . 
  like at that point , a bus could just be made 10 times as impressive as there is so much space for things like small pool and w/e else crazy you could think off . 
  agree , only monsters drink zero . 
  wtf is the rest of the video about ? 
  random pyramid scheme ? 
  just go over the post of the video and you will find it , i dont remember . 
  well it was good when comparing to anime movies , though if we would compere to other movies it might be more towards mediocre . 
  i would offer to read manga only up to alien ship , later it goes downwards . 
  im now thinking of reading hitman reborn manga , though not sure from where to start as i dont know if my memory of anime is good enough . 
  well thats why you dont go to a place which has `` amazing '' in its name when you are putting your health in their hands . 
  you probably dont need to go as far as loosing it because of crack , lack of hygiene will do it just fine . 
  of course he doesnt show his eyes . 
  who cares , just skip it . 
  would n't you ? 
  tooth fairy gives good rates these days . 
  as a statistician i probably would have written as it is in the graphs . 
  yea surveillance is bad , but its not that it does n't mean you are free ( though freedom is also an illusion ) , you can be watched and still be able to do what you want . . 
  must be the rare breed of latvian dogs . 
  well thats the main thing , i only downvote someone if they are insulting , or if they are continuing to reason their idea without even looking at what i wrote , when you get into a discussion with a person and it goes nowhere its just waste of time and i just have to downvote even though i dont like to do so . 
  that is , i probably sometimes am also mean to some people and i do deserve those downvotes . 
  you are into a surprise mate when you see latest video . 
  yep , im sick of all over simplyfication in media , people should be given a way to learn from it and not just gain random facts . 
  more likely a place for ads .
