  yes , it is perfect time to attack the fire nation . 
  i think that we need some of use from pieces of trash like these people so making fun of them and ridiculing them is a good use from otherwise waste of oxygen . 
  ah death of the thousand cuts . 
  latvia so advanced that they have hover cars . 
  well that is definitely animal cruelty . 
  alt right . 
  at least some good news in that region . 
  someone will photoshop this to something better soon . 
  yes . 
  they are not given guns for a good reason . 
  joke 's on game , that is what i wanted all along . 
  well yea , some countries use autonomous turrets already . 
  he is a gamer so would not surprise me . 
  it was a 1v1 fight and no , dota is not war game . . 
  that is when you master one handed gaming . 
  those are n't autonomous . 
  masts on yachts like that are not going to be detached on the go . 
  source - have been sailing since i was little . 
  though i would be surprised if the bridge was lifted because of the yacht . 
  it is probably just the time it usually is lifted and the organizers screwed up . 
  eddy is a modern man , he is not bound by constricting society rules . 
  he is going on his own path . 
  breaking trough all the walls of norms and is not going to be grounded by silly ideas . 
  ruth is the champ !, 
  heck i am # 1 ranked speedrunner , i beat the game before it happened . 
  recently started playing it ( yea i have never fully beaten it ) , i love the behind the scenes stuff in the remastered version . 
  if i see that guy i am running as fast as i can . 
  kid version of prisoners dilemma . 
  then i need to carry safety blanket in case i meet him . 
  everyone knows that if you cover yourself with a blanket then no demons can touch you . 
  i remember this reference !, 
  sun is not going to be stronger than usual , so all the effects are the same and you can easily take a picture of sunlight . 
  that is not how these `` ais '' work ffs . 
  people watched too many sci-fi movies . 
  you do n't teach them it is ok to do do one thing or another . 
  it is just simple algorithm designed to win the game after playing with itself . 
  no one is teaching them to be aggresive ffs . 
  that is not how any of this works . . 
  i work in the damn field . 
  0 bugs , maybe it is fixed ? 
  probably russia too . 
  they need to add ramps . 
  great video , have not been following f1 for few years so had no idea they made these changes . 
  we are doomed . 
  often the rat kills the snake . 
  have you tried sticking your dick into it ? 
  this is a sign of awwpugcalypse !, 
  better union between cream and chocolate . 
  the problem is that most of opec countries in dire need of funds so they have to profit as much as they can by pumping as hard as they can . 
  lobsters in general look pretty cool . 
  ah the justin timberlake stage of life . 
  can we have a version where skeletons are replaced by tits ? 
  sarcasm is too strong . 
  so , cool . 
  my spirit animal . 
  well yes , because humans are technically animals . 
  but killing other animals is not murder by definition . 
  you should start fish farming business , earn money and give gold to that poor bastard . 
  god damn it , close the bracket !, 
  i am confused , if i go 100 in 20 zone i somehow save 240 minutes out of 60 . 
  is this how my time machine works ? 
  mooch said similar things about wh iirc . 
  they say error i say test . 
  another global economical crisis . 
  the state the country is in is a good enough proof . 
  hoi is still not in the best shape in terms of quality . 
  it just feels lacking . 
  i have a tent of my own . 
  but can you milk them ? 
  damn , ca n't imagine how much this whole meal would cost . 
  but i still want to experience it at least once , even though it is beyond my normal means . 
  is there anything op ca n't do ? 
  when i see people filming these weird holes i always hope they would tie a rope to the camera and lower it in as far as they can . 
  just pull the handbrake . 
  so 1-2 month worth of money i spend on lunch . 
  oh no not frugally , i eat out for lunch . 
  it is just that it is cheaper in my country ( obviously wages are low too ) . 
  at least they should tie the rope to the camera , so that / r/watchpeopledie would have more content . 
  which is how it should be . 
  you want to see what you are getting into . 
  the only way to mitigate that is to be rich enough to own an island with nuclear plant in it . 
  boat wont last once shit freezes over and fuel will end . 
  acts like binge drinking whole night . 
  also the japanese movies are pretty good . 
  what about the suicide rates ? 
  or any reddit comments . 
  whatever you say babe . 
  if this is not natural i do n't want natural . 
  dog people are fine , third eye is where i draw the line . 
  there are plenty of characters in db for them to fill the 25 , heck dbs has enough new characters for that . 
  they just wanted to include ssjb versions because that would be pretty popular . 
  according to bird law , food an chicks makes a bird happy . 
  i use this fight style and i am still undefeated . 
  i can concur with bootleg swedish fish , it is biological weapon . 
  good old reverse psychology . 
  probably just usual frieza stuff , in a corner torturing guys from universe 2 . 
  just because he wants young chicks does not mean he wants to be young . 
  better not tell this to gunslinger . 
  i think it might be a bit from the f-word , it is a bit more tame in terms of swear words , more for family to watch . 
  not only beat the record he beat it by 33 % which is impressive .
