  also the past . 
  well you can always get fat . 
  yea , even small amount of exercise makes you feel better , just go do some jumps every hour or so , some push-ups too , you do n't really need to do as many as you can , few minutes of exercise can make a big difference . 
  well he has a small johnson so it is a little thing to do . 
  get enough sleep . 
  well since i would have it in the background i do n't really mind it being less in depth , if i would need to know more about it i would check other sources . 
  i thought you learn that in school , like we do with our constitution ? 
  i do n't know , is mayonnaise an instrument ? 
  i need news in the background for many reasons . 
  and the amount of people in the mona lisa room makes it barely possible to see the painting . 
  robinson crusoe , my favorite book and my favorite character , i try to read it at least once every year . 
  does getting to know her by stalking her count ? 
  rank does not matter , you still enjoy the game after all those hours . 
  1.5 k hours and only at the higher end of mge ( hopefully i 'll get dmg this month ) . 
  with all that bullshit about the graphics and nvidia works , i believe it will still be a great game and worth the money . 
  why oh why would someone do this ? 
  please tell me it 's fake . . 
  is it possible to get drm free versions of witcher games if i have steam version ? 
  he maybe felt sorry for natsu and saw that he might not turn out to destroy everything if he had proper parent ( igneel ) ? 
  is there a way to see my game key from steam account , i think i bought the games through steam so i did not enter any keys . 
  its better than taking those features out of the game and then selling them like companies usually do . 
  so yea they maybe took them out of the game until they can be happy with them and will add them slowly , and for free . 
  well these records have to be done officially and guiness is dedicated for this . 
  how the hell would anyone know if he done it legit ? 
  sure there might be other people to officially oversee that record was true , but was that done ? 
  well it is in asia . 
  i expected one of them to kill the other . 
  i think the best one is the one where guy goes around with predator sounds . 
  no , clark kent is superman 's alias . 
  it 's the bazooka which is impressive , god damn took that building out like it was nothing . 
  you do realize that tv-shows do n't just copy paste a story from comics , also there are several versions of the character . 
  nah , he uses echolocation like bats , lets call him manbat . 
  yea , these things are from crates , and you sell them through paypall . 
  use it for super fast storage . 
  nah , no point in opening those crates , its worse gamble than even casino , i would guess . 
  the way you get small profit from cs is by selling crates you get just after they get released ( if you are lucky to get them dropped ) . 
  terrible beer handling skills . . 
  thawne really wanted to eat some burgers . 
  more like great-grandfather at least ? 
  and we only know when he was born , not how long he lived , so he might be from 25th century . 
  that 's popular name in korea . 
  they will be happy and discuss how awesome the game is and we will just sit here and express our fury about downgrade . 
  ca n't you mix it in the food ? 
  ugh i wanted to say at least . . 
  a lot of rank ups after these vac waves , got to mge for the first time and i already won 4 or so games in a row on it , so dmg here i come . 
  preorder bonuses do not include anything ingame , right ? 
  cool , so ill wait for june/july or something , need to finish the 2nd . 
  just do not have time now to play it/learn how to add graphics mods . 
  i think its fair to do it according to the faq method , it might suck at first 1-2 swarp but then it picks up . 
  well but i do n't blame people for complaining . 
  for me it never was about graphics why i wanted the game . 
  and i ca n't even play it for a month or so . 
  uuu a free mic !, 
  yea i loved the scene on the aliens , also the first time i saw the knife game !, 
  hmm so with 280x twin frazor and 1680x1080 ( i think i got it correct ) i should be able to run it at max with 30 + fps ? 
  7896 , thanks for giveaway !, 
  whats wrong with that ? 
  looks like some weird version of riddler . 
  do n't usually movies have a lot of footage which go through people who edit everything ? 
  multiple cameras and shit too ? 
  how does this compare to usual movie footage ? 
  467 , thanks mate !, 
  damn people instantly think she is using voice changer ? 
  i would not even think about considering that , i did not realize using it is a big thing in cs . 
  6689 , thanks for this great chance !, 
  it makes 360 no-scope way more accurate . 
  i thought 10 % was the norm ? 
  dlc = / = expansion, 
  not sure what they were before , but these expansions are planned to have 30 + gameplay hours iirc . 
  its funny how it ended up for me , the first 2 ascentions i sucked and only had 3 mutations after them . 
  but at 3rd i could unlock 3 mutations when i got to the 70k energy cost , and at 4th it seems that it will be the same ( with a lot of overhead mutagen if ill reset the mutations and change them to meta ones ) . 
  also what happens when i use free respec , do i loose the energy contribution , and what about lepi ? 
  i do n't know with about other people , but social interaction helps a bit . 
  also it cheers me a lot when people laugh at my jokes . 
  hmm i really need to try out this game . 
  especially since i lack places to use my old joystick and this has air combat . 
  this would be complicated to explain in your court defense without video . 
  `` i swear you honor , i did not push her of the stairs , she was riding on top of me while i was trying to slide on them . '', 
  i 've got 2 albino ones , just not dwarf , but regular acf . 
  they are viscous creatures . 
  i do n't know , he already has few sticks up his arse . 
  would that not make him david cameron the impaled ? 
  or , you know , you might ask him to turn the music down ? 
  if he does not agree , then push him out of the transport . 
  well eating pizza with your hands is acceptable . 
  same with a lot of other foods . 
  which bit should i pm you , 1 or 0 ? 
  1 it is . 
  how long do these games take ? 
  they will never touch piratebay.uranus, 
  467 , thanks for the opportunity !, 
  yea and also some people listen to streams or have them on 2nd screen so they are n't paying constant attention which is necessary when enjoying a pure gameplay stream . 
  that 's a new scale for people from krypton . 
  and your sex life is funny ? 
  damn , never thought they do n't like internships . 
  luckily i did intern in a pretty good company for my field . 
  but i 'll go for masters first i think . 
  i guess he will do it along the way , will take him some time until he reaches global though . 
  whats that ? 
  also thanks for reminding me that i still need to put a lot of work in looking for new monitor , i was planning on getting it at june .
