  so that 's where trashy people come from !, 
  op himself might be racist , so cognitive bias . 
  i do like the show , but titles like these are too obnoxious . . 
  `` today on hydraulic press channel , we are going to crush isis '', 
  well he is scottish . 
  videos like these generate a decent amount of feedback and evaluation of his ideas . 
  and maybe he enjoys making them ? 
  what defines actual work ? 
  cheaper to pay the digger than buy a bobcat and fuel it ? 
  you do n't ? 
  is it a joke name too ? 
  by five years from now you mean every tuesday ? 
  damn . . american schools take football a bit too seriously . 
  now i imagine alien invasion with spaceships blasting darude sandstorm on their speakers . 
  so what % of capacity is filled in burj ? 
  does it even reach 10 % ? 
  fucking knew it . . 
  some people do n't realize that paganism is pretty popular among certain societies . 
  these days when people refer to paganism they usually talk about neopaganism or modern paganism . 
  they do have distinct features which the parent comment probably adheres to . 
  how is that time machine doing ? 
  any problems with the engine ? 
  good thing you said that , now suddenly billions of people became vegan . 
  being vegan is not feasible for a big portion of regions affected by this fishery collapse . 
  a lot of western people eat farmed fishes . 
  would still shit my pants . 
  a lot of the effects of livestock can be diminished by innovation , it is not necessary to go vegan , it is necessary to change the way farming industry works . 
  yea it is also more healthy to just focus on the task and get done with it . 
  or we can just beam energy with lasers from solar farm satellite array to some type of collector on top of helmet . 
  totally doable and not made up . 
  acceleration is not the issue here . 
  risk of decapitation or risk of falling out of air , you choose . 
  typical carlos . . 
  `` maybe i should wear safety mask ? '', 
  ... continues to press it . . 
  this kid is potential future darwin award winner . 
  gta is probably way easier to do since it is short and it requires minimum set up time . 
  daisy would probably have similar effect with her powers . 
  because the only interesting thing he has to talk about is his religion . 
  you make me uncomfortable , can you please leave the internet !, 
  pretty sure that has been posted often anyway . 
  nothing like taking somebody else 's top comment and turning it into your own karma grab :d, 
  maybe it retains memories only with deep emotional context ? 
  yeah , the more social anxiety you have the better you will talk . 
  well patents by themselves do not prevent the low prices . 
  it is the bad structure of laws what makes the prices go so out of hand . 
  especially when ( as i understand ) the people in that region are not rich so they do not have enough savings to cover the move so they would have the only option of selling the house which no one will buy . 
  not to mention that bubble sound gets irritating . 
  * james garrick, 
  maybe people who commit suicides there are donating everything they had to charity before going down ? 
  well he did have a swastika on his sail . 
  it could be polish marble . 
  hi there bear grills !, 
  you can now sell it as contemporary art . 
  he just wanted to axe a question . 
  having similar problem , got 280x . 
  but in my case it might be my old monitor which is being shitty , since my old computer would do the same ( with lower frequency though ) . 
  europe started buying gas from someone who are not pointing guns at the gas tank and asking for more money . 
  when you buy the car they also ask you to sign your will . 
  so do n't watch it , it does not seem like he i making them just because he wants a cashgrab , it seems like it is just the series he really wants to make . 
  easy to cosplay someone who looks very generic . 
  i am sorry that you think that people his age do n't do things like that . . 
  how long for the books ? 
  he is playing with fire , what if this pug will start ww3 and will be the next hitler ? 
  channels disappear like that every day , it is a terrible problem . 
  finally i can find out how budlight is made !, 
  yeah , build starships out of neutron star matter , you will also have artificial gravity . 
  6896 , / u/timelyparadox thanks for a chance . 
  paternity is also same in europe . 
  you went after the wrong crowd . 
  at least a billion to make a true difference . 
  ah all those years of future therapy !, 
  that is how it works , people in outdated industries loose the jobs all the time . 
  and if you live in a proper country you will be trained to do another job when things like this happen . 
  because if someone had any real evidence then it would be sent to police and this matter would be dealt with properly . 
  evidence posted publicly or people talking about witnessing it has very little credibility and are mostly detrimental to any actual incidents or investigations . 
  t = 16 would not indicate seconds , it could as well be years or weeks or whatever . 
  i kinda want to see an unopened beer can being crushed . 
  might be a bit dangerous . 
  we still need to deal with it . 
  huh did not know about those , never saw anything larger than a pint can . 
  or put it into liquid nitrogen . 
  i thought fins do n't drink anything with lower alcohol content than finlandia ? 
  hmm looking at my hours i think i played too much . 
  it 's used as terrible toilet paper . 
  how does having something regulated in order to benefit us suck ? 
  so that 's how worm fishing works !, 
  i kinda feel that it was a comedy , sure , not a pure comedy , but it was funny throughout all of it . 
  i guess it really depends on sense of humor . 
  i imagine that person came into work with full grown hair . 
  those things are not perfect , the precision still has variance . 
  this is very very dumb . 
  pretty much . 
  they pole vault out of womb . 
  emotional part of me says hell yea , rational says no . 
  why would you say `` seven forty seven '' ? 
  when number has uneven number of digits it is more natural to say every digit separately . 
  well . . you ca n't really expect a fortune for an idea like this . 
  so anything is good . 
  hopefully axe will contact me now and at least buy me a dinner .
