  ca n't wait for the next one , though aesthetically this episode ( the parts about wedding ) was amazing . 
  there is no point to point it out its australia , everyone would still come here implying that :d, 
  i see these from time to time , and considering to catch few and add them to my acf ( african clawed frog ) tank , just need to make sure they would be ok : /, 
  i waited too long for 10 to move ... 
  or maybe op is from usa ? 
  they might make so that he gains his abilities gradually and only show in few eps of aos and then bring him to a movie . 
  the machine wants to save shield ? 
  yea all what i liked was the world and sets . 
  give him a break , he just regenerated . 
  more arms more hugs !, 
  is that about the hand in the jar ? 
  ( sleepy cant recall if there were more mentionable hands :d ), 
  i would say parsecs . 
  huh , didint know this one . 
  on the topic , how to deal with rain when playing with wx ? 
  it seems to be happening more than used to and i cant survive long enough to set up base and supply of food if i get unlucky seed . 
  what deal ? 
  so what for do they do the checks ? 
  im pretty sure you can get blood tested for the prostate cancer so i was wondering . 
  straws are most deadly out of those 3 . 
  you can see wax droplet coming of the left side before the first swing , i guess its how it works . 
  huh my acfs hatched way weirder . . 
  if he would be a great person then yea ( i do n't know much about pewdie ) , cena has done a lot of charity work and holds record in make a wish for most wishes granted . 
  well i cant say much also , i stopped watching wrestling since it started to have so terrible writing ( pretty much after dx it got downhill ), 
  he frequently uses polish remover , he is not allowed to warsaw . 
  we are all animals mate . 
  wait does that mean that 30 % + people are obese in those states ? 
  that sounds insane . 
  meh this is somewhat of a year or more old , im pretty sure it was already poster ( or it might have been something similar and i dont recall too well ) . 
  im contemplating watching the movie , but i might be better off wasting my time elsewhere and not get grossed out . 
  idk bible stories are good contenders . 
  inside that there might be a hand of some sorts . 
  i would love to see him and will become friends . 
  who wants to start good-enough-cupid ? 
  or start ww3 after playing civ . 
  that takes years of hard work as a `` gamer '' . 
  ability to time-travel once a decade . 
  thats why usually people grows the live food for them , or keep them alive as its not in any way hard to do that and you can easily and buy it once a month or longer.there are tons of kits for that if you are too lazy for thinking . 
  thats not a seal you silly man , thats a jabba . 
  was it to hard to add the gif of this cat ? 
  at first i was '' wtf is lambda aron '' . . 
  well robinson has to somehow have fun on his island . 
  damn , have n't watched star wars in some time . 
  no , if you time travel when you are 20 , you can only time travel again when you are 30 . 
  yea there is one where the cat is made to look like its breathing :d tried to find it but ca n't , too many comments posted since then to find where i replied to it . 
  yea time travel is very weird , i should have said the one in novel 11/22/63 . 
  well at least you are not illiterate , had to google luddite . 
  i kinda enjoyed it . 
  uh i guess there is no point to try it on my senior pc , ill just have to set up a smaller pack out of it . 
  max i can do are 2gb , maybe 3 . 
  so you are basically a thief , though i guess meme is used correctly . 
  who the hell thought up such cap message ? 
  meh , reddit has a lot of nice people around in the sea of assholes , sometimes using smaller subs helps . 
  thats not an unpopular opinion , most people know it tastes better , but the act of torturing animals is what people are against not the fact that it tastes better ... 
  next time its better to treat warts while not on drugs ( though i have had a pretty bad ones and they disappeared naturally without any chemical help . ), 
  eating tasty food is fun too , so they also technically getting tortured for fun , trying to think of a reason to justify torture is a weird habit people tend to have . 
  someone skipped wrist day . 
  i think jesus dies in one of the books , though i might be mixing something up . 
  what tests are you using ? 
  calculus or complex analysis ? 
  though it 's not as popular as it should be . 
  thats the same thing out there . 
  please , please fix the mistakes , i cant read this seriously . . 
  its sometimes easy to judge when you see a fat person riding it , but there is a high probability that they have diabetes or similar thing because of their habits and actually fucked up their legs . 
  the thing is that your title sounds completely idiotic since you state your male friend is pregnant . . 
  you missed opportunity to say fast `` im gay '' and start quickly reading the titles :d, 
  cold showers are great and will keep you fresh longer . 
  no . . im too good to be a douchebag !, 
  you see im not american , here its very rare to see something like that , so im a bit bias . 
  yea it would be a bit strange to travel to us and see all the obesity , i traveled through big part of europe and obese people were a rare sight ( of course there are a nice number of , for what would appear , overweight people , but still ) . 
  it must have something to do with the syrup thing which is used in us as sweeteners . 
  im genetically pretty slim ( can eat mostly what i want and stay at relatively same weight without excessive exercise ) so its hard to understand how people get that out of hand . 
  will 2gigs of ram be enough ( can pump up to 3gb , though would need to do some tweaking ) ? 
  nah i dont usually use textures , they put too much pressure on pc and starts giving lag spikes . 
  one day i will get new pc and will not need to bother with this pre-writing age computer . 
  not all depressed people are suicidal . . a lot of them are just indifferent . 
  why the fuck would someone do something like that . . oh wait we are on the internet !, 
  just dodger being dodger . . 
  yea and that stigma makes me feel bad when i glance . 
  is there a sub for lightsaber addition to gifs ? 
  no , he just got scammed and got low quality field . 
  yea this is half tottaly weird - half funny topic , i should probably go to sleep . . 
  well you mate had weird friends , i would probably have thrown something at him to be quiet . . 
  people like that should not be allowed on the roads . 
  well you respect the person for his personal qualities not social status , some people do n't deserve respect no mater what they do . 
  sometimes they advertise other channels so its sometimes nice to know more insight before deciding to check it out . 
  pretty much how i feel , i also think that if there come a point where i could risk my life to save someone , i would do it instantly , but in reality i would probably chicken out and be selfish . . 
  fuck it , im not watching that !, 
  you cant have it , owl !, 
  we need a photoshop artist !, 
  because assholes are assholes for everyone . 
  society is like that and its probably a natural thing for there to be terrible people in a big enough sample . 
  god damned its only 14h atm , its too soon to stop : /, 
  yea it did , but the fast speed of the gif made it longer for me to understand it fully . 
  or it might have defects , dont think it can expire very fast . 
  im pretty sure you can see the list of mods when instaling the new modpack . 
  newfags ? 
  looks cute , until it flings feces and shouts loudly . . 
  i was like , please be not penis , please be not penis !, 
  and then it got worse . .
