  one of the better ads . 
  why not terminators ? 
  yea . . that does not really work that way , we do n't live in a fantasy world . 
  there is more to human development than dna , especially until he starts making choices . . 
  that 's a pretty expensive way to accidentally kill yourself . 
  it 's antibatsturbation . 
  here in europe we too often buy on weekly basis , how large are american bags if you end up with 50 of them ? 
  that 's why i will probably never try it , hopefully . 
  you just need to throw it off a building , altitude needs to be higher . 
  heck , when we were buying stuff for sailing for 2 weeks in baltic sea we ended up only with 10 -15 bags ( sailing yacht had no food , so we got everything we would need ) , beverages took most of the space . 
  also we were 5 men so it 's not like we do n't eat a lot . 
  nah , it was jack sparrow . . 
  how efficient are these hidro storage lakes , do n't you lose energy because regaining energy out of that lifted water is not too efficient ? 
  cool , expected it to be less efficient , i guess efficiency also increases with scale too ? 
  lifetime supply of blankets , i guess i will never get cold at least . 
  oh god this is great , thanks for sharing !, 
  carl from walking dead . . god he is so annoying for some reason . 
  the key word is was , carl is still annoying even in new season . 
  i made everything !, 
  still ca n't find the dildo . . 
  oh god , this game was so much fun , but i eventually made a macro for myself to do the grinding . . 
  you funky bastard flying spaghetti monster does not allow punctuations, 
  this means that every sex with that person was a threesome . 
  or just eat a lot of meat . 
  wow , such bot !, 
  well dude can still use a dildo , ca n't he ? 
  this is going to be interesting . . 
  edit : or not . . 
  seems like it ignores this one . 
  i think he is having a stroke . 
  you are ok , you do n't have a soul to lose at the first place . 
  could you speak louder ? 
  could you now translate every second word into spanish ? 
  yea , because they want to squeeze as much money as they can from new games , just shitty money grabbing law . 
  that 's how things like comcast are created . 
  i did n't know they actually did that , but i guess it 's not illegal to own and transport shark fins ? 
  lithuania is pretty decent vodka , but i do n't drink hard spirits and i 'm not russian . 
  which would leave more money in us and increase the cost for china . 
  no , and my comment does not imply that . . 
  here , let me give you a hand \\ , you seemed to be missing one . 
  that desperate eh ? 
  there must be a name for people who wants to have sex with gravestones . 
  hey , we are n't judging you . 
  wtf ... 
  someone needs to change the light-sabers into dildos !, 
  and she ca n't do better , so joke 's on her ? 
  mine usually alternates between my native and english . 
  it 's same train of thought , but the language changes . 
  i started learning english at 6 or something . 
  i am a quick learner and i watched a lot of cartoons too . 
  damn , that would look nice in my giant imaginary yacht . 
  i think that once upon a time chose the perfect cast for them , but this cosplay looks cool too . 
  you have to first rub it several times and then put it into the hole . 
  ign is about gaming as much as anti-vaxers are about science . 
  if it was not ign i would think they were just trolling around , but god . . 
  well this is a weird boner . . 
  if i had one , i would make a shoulder drone picture : /, 
  no idea , ca n't remember anything about dreams . 
  anything to enter !, 
  jk , good luck to everyone !, 
  depends on your race . 
  did n't they shoot several missiles at the sea recently ? 
  brb , buying a katana ,, 
  i think one person in walking dead could have used this video . 
  damn those are actually pretty cheap . 
  oh , the shoulder bird !, 
  as far as i read they are not sharpened , as probably stops from getting into legal shit . 
  yea , thats why i was only joking , same case at where i live . 
  mcafee is even worse . . 
  wow , that 's an astronomical selfie !, 
  love how the last word in the video is hospital . . 
  this was really a bad idea . . 
  the ticket obviously . . 
  one signed copy goes to police and one to her . . 
  yea but that makes 2 copies of the sign , forgot how that paper is called . . 
  and a zebra referee ? 
  hey , op was trying to be more original than just copy it !, 
  so that 's how you hid your porn ? 
  well . . 
  i guess . . front page here we come , all aboard the karma train !, 
  i do n't think anything can top this shoulder pet . 
  looks like shit , but cool picture . 
  that 's racist !, 
  bbc worldwide was blocked in my country , what an irony . . 
  damn , i expected that to be a popular subreddit . 
  depends on whether he will take his insulin shots . 
  not uk . 
  but yea vpn would help . 
  i do n't know ... compared to usual stuff , this is normal . 
  every site has to delete and add their url . 
  a goodyear !, 
  a program encouraging depressed people to suicide , some shows are so close to reality . 
  `` i would get a lot of cash if i mowed this lawn ! '', 
  that 's the problem when they release episodes the way they did . . 
  i ca n't even watch hbo so i get my episodes elsewhere . 
  what 's happening ? 
  not american , sorry . 
  and in 4 years it might be disproved . 
  `` i showed that i 'm turning , i now should be able to pass through solid objects ! '', 
  triple the fun for dinner .
