  some of these hard to call horror movies , but still a good list . 
  whats the solution to p versus np ? 
  also i loved the mothers sacrifice scene , made me let few tears out . 
  unless you are looking at the more accurate wri data ... 
  does she serve salad ? 
  what if you have no choice but to move , wouldnt the knife do even more damage ? 
  probably advanced math and statistics . 
  i think i saw this somewhere , is this from some lame movie ? 
  my jungle is half crimson/half jungle , what a terrible place to visit . 
  yea limb i understand , but stomach ? 
  flamethrower not enough , its job for rocket launcher . 
  its 11euros, 
  me too , probably because i 'm not american . 
  isnt having the bowl constantly full bad ? 
  speedy, 
  you were cloned ? 
  patric ? 
  is this krusty krab ? 
  wait there are web chests ? 
  all my spider caves are empty ... 
  will i have to be the one to say this ? 
  imagine the blowjobs ... 
  hmm everything seems familiar ( math student here ) sad that the writing is hard to decipher . 
  but its probably only the differential calculus . 
  ( as far as i can tell for few of the things that are readable ), 
  is your friend a stripper ? 
  try saying that you are feeling good ( even if you dont ) it helps a lot while depressed . 
  well ive got some news to you . . 
  yep , some1 stole hl3 footage . 
  yep , next step is going out of your comfort zone . 
  that includes the owner , and as he decides the wages , he can make his wage as big as he wants . 
  next step scissor sisters . 
  or eastern europe , though chicks here are beautiful , we lack asian demography . 
  edit : thanks for reddit gold stranger !, 
  i dont think that they are that excited about gta v. 
  some , mostly scandy ones . 
  or you could just do similar thing done in clockwork orange . 
  he wants to die fighting so he could continue to fight in valhalla . 
  hey , you provide us with redheads , that 's also cool . 
  its probably only because breast cancer is easy to detect by yourself ( sane goes for testies cancer and we have its awareness day ) . 
  yea seems like it happens to a lot people , it also might be a sign of depression , so could try to ask a specialist for help . 
  aand i have broken nose , 3 broken ribs , left arm broken in 3 places and twisted leg ... 
  what happened to rest of emu ? 
  bastion , i would start being productive for klondike bar . 
  my favorite color is green , and i would like batman arkham city . 
  so from the username i presume you are brother latvian ? 
  the potatoes in your nickname confused me , reddit likes to put them alongside our neighbors . 
  i imagine them all wearing superhero t-shirts . 
  robots can do that too . 
  we are not quite sure how to create a proper ai , if we could replicate the brain processes on electronic circuits at a similar capacity it could be possible , but the whole turning against us thing is fairly hardly possible as ai would still need massive resources to function at our level and they would probably rely on us.it all depends on how we would treat ai and how he would react . 
  because not all cancer can be easily detected by yourself without any strong symptoms . 
  we have breast cancer , testies cancer months because these type of cancers can easily be detected at early stages and cured without any serious complications.its more difficult case with other types of cancer . 
  yea , i should probably study bitcoins soon , its kinda related to my area of studies . 
  most of non-americans does n't know her . 
  once he does , human race will be doomed !, 
  so if i can acces the poe store page it will work for me ? 
  btw does any1 know if it will be possible to download it earlyer on steam ? 
  fun :, 
  first i devised a strategic plan to infiltrate the us government and get people who listens to me into congress ( will not specify plan because of obvious reason ) . with the support of congress i create a policy which would put me into president chair and give me semi-autocratic power , then i create a fake threat from china or other major country , then i `` steal '' in-tell about their plan to start a war and use it to push policy to nuke china . 
  that of course starts a global nuclear war so i hide in my pre-made bunker ( lets just say it cost few billions of tax payers money ) . 
  after everything settles i use insect control technology which i stole from darpa before the war and create an army of mutated cockroaches and use them to build a giant space ship . 
  i use that ship to travel to moon and then i plant my flag and start to build a base . 
  after i finish the base i create thousands of robots to use the moon soil and transform the moons surface into my face ( like mount . 
  rushmore ) , i would live under its surface and start my plans to conquer other solar systems . 
  the end, 
  sorry for mistakes , english grammar is my bane . 
  i would like crusader kings ii thanks . 
  ok i was fairly active at early open beta but then real life stuff pushed me away from the game , but im thinking of coming back so i would like to join nice community.im not sure how active i would be as i have a lot of stuff to work on at uni , but i would make sure to tell if i would need to stop playing for longer period , so some1 would get the spot . 
  ouch im so down in the list , if only i had a job to be able to pay for few slots . 
  cant wait till i fit in the guild . 
  also thanks for whoever is donating points . 
  can some explain what does this mean ? 
  is it so that people could n't accidentally break links ? 
  number instead of bullets would be more useful for a list probably . 
  but why there was a problem for this to get enough voice to be implemented ? 
  yea i was guessing that if you are trying to manually add 5l you would need to keep blowing fuses on it and after few hundred it gets monotonous and hard to stop at the right time . 
  does any1 know if i need to be on the character which i wrote to get the invite ? 
  had full drawer of these , lets just say i was good at winning them . 
  i would suggest terraria but you might already have it . 
  ye i tossed them out recently . 
  where can i read about rogue exiles ? 
  not to mention butcher like boss in act 1 , this games takes a lot of inspiration from d2 which is pretty great , personally skipped most of your post cause i still have n't gotten to act 3 . 
  but wouldint opening the gate a little be the bad thing ? 
  lotus pose is pretty confortable when you get used to . 
  well you dont see much for most of the time so you need to get somehow occupied . 
  wait , you didi n't know these are sensors nsa uses to track you ? 
  im pretty sure they are earning a lot of money with the system as it is.the game is not very casual driven so f2p works kinda better . 
  probably more people are at domination now , many new players are still kinda afraid to jump the nemesis before they are sure about the builds they use.this might change after few weeks . 
  we are talking about this f2p model which is based on skins and effects , these kind of games usually get more money from core gamers than casuals as they tend to invest more time into their characters.where other f2p models gives advantages to casuals with all sorts of boosts and stuff like that so that they could relatively catch up with core gamers . 
  why would i go ? 
  pretty much because i think is an amazing experience to have . im usually not very intimidated by horror movies/games and dont have any huge fears , so it would be interesting to test myself in it.i kinda love the psychological pressure horror situations . 
  sadly there are n't much cool stuff like that where i live ( there was one about the nazi ( or soviets , forgot ) interrogation but i missed it ) . 
  probably was suggested but you should try out kill la kill , it has a very unique drawing style and looks really promising . 
  as for game , i would like titan quest . 
  whats your thoughts on piracy ? 
  what about getting a reader with e-paper ? 
  its pretty amazing how close to real paper it feels while reading . 
  came here to write this , they are trying to convert everyone to cyberman like soviets tried to force their ideology onto occupied nations . 
  its quite the opposite , if there is something what different from what i thought is written , then i check the source to find more info about it to fully understand and change my view . 
  i presume you have depression ?
