  cool , sounds like game is quite alive . 
  and now since i have a new pretty decent pc i will feel the full beauty of the game . 
  yea i will definitely start new character and spend several hours on its creation . 
  especially since i believe most of dynamic quests changed a bit ? 
  have you read hp lovecraft ? 
  well its very short so you can do it in 1-2 hrs . 
  it might be a bit slow because of the language ( tried looking up some of the words on dictionary with no luck ... ), 
  do n't get me wrong , i did complete most of the areas 100 % , but yea there is no rush . 
  and my original server is desolation and leaderbords suggest that its fairly popular . 
  eh , i should have expected . . 
  you do realize people who posts this do n't mind the downvotes ? 
  the goal is to get the info , not fake internet points , that 's why often it is stated `` please do n't upvote '' . 
  oh shut up , american handegg circlejerk lasts for a moth after the commercial bowl . 
  i had `` whoop whoop whoop whoop '' in my mind as it ran away . 
  promising tv show though . 
  the last 2 seasons were a bit meh though . 
  i 'm reddit anthropologist , and this guy is a local tribesman performing a daily ritual based on lies and worshiping of magical internet points . 
  when you constantly see so many dumb people , sometimes sarcasm gets unnoticed . 
  i really hope new civ will have better ai and diplomacy . 
  but probably again after several expansions . 
  or you might just force him to give the city in exchange of piece and you are ok . 
  it really depends on the civilizations , i have had a lot of games which took very peaceful road ( dont remember weather king or emperor ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure the rulers going to be different , though gandhi is resilient dude so he might have invented immortality . 
  2 mil dps ? 
  the point is , they are changing the leaders but they might leave cyborg gandhi for novelty , man can have dreams , ca n't he ? 
  civilization : beyond earth premium day1 dlc , cyborg gandhi . 
  difficulties do n't change ai in any way , it just gives them a better start . 
  you should be able to run the latest one , obviously you would need to make sure.you could n't play against 20 factions or on the largest map , but that is not in any way restricting . 
  whoever is not jumping off when he needs to get off is doing it wrong . 
  do you guys use team speak or any similar programs ? 
  also its because you can do it , a lot of people i fear would not be able to upgrade annually . 
  what plans for next year ? 
  mumble might be easier , unless you already have ts server . 
  well look at his history , he is doing exactly that . 
  the eyes are probably the biggest giveaway . 
  meanwhile father of the year award goes to ... not this guy . 
  wow that conversation is so cringe worthy . 
  the debate between ts and mumble usually tents to be endless since its more of a preference thing . 
  they are very similar and both have ups and downs and a lot of it depends on isolated issues . 
  so at the end it usually ends up on the whole cost of server issue , if you are hosting it at home then its pretty much negligible , especially if it does n't have more than 100 people . 
  i will probably be joining too so 41 , i just need to finish up skyrim a bit more and then i 'm coming back to the game after 2year break . 
  please mate , can we just agree that its cringe worthy ? 
  man i 'm just stating my opinion , i do n't need to say the reason , can we just agree on that ? 
  exactly , i expected to just see customer support asking few qos questions , but that guy just completely disrespected the guy and kept repeating his brainwashed ideology . 
  looks like he is going to be fast since he has stripe upgrade . 
  where ? 
  `` who 's that pokemon ? '', 
  just would pop one of that guys implants if i manage to calm myself down if he hit my mom . 
  swampires worst enemy . 
  you do n't like the current buttfucking ? 
  that 's his shortened title , he has probably the got title with 20 words . 
  every time i see this i always laugh , i do n't know why but i do . 
  thanks , i only did n't write something like that because of my migraine , brain just went somewhere for a walk . 
  that 's because of his egyptian ancestors . 
  by the year 2025 ? 
  since some aaa games will keep getting the top spots every time they are added . 
  do n't mock him , his have n't yet , but it will when he turns 6 . 
  sure they do . 
  ** batman : public enemy nr .1 **, 
  well you can always make your own bubbles . 
  or go mine everything . 
  nice description and looks like a good group to join . 
  i will be returning to gw2 ( after 1.5 year break ) as soon as i finish up few games , but i will probably join eu based guild . 
  but i would want to correct you , game is approaching 2 year mark not 1 year . 
  oh lithuania is 3rd , at least we look good on the paper . 
  after reading how they usually are trained its a bit sad . 
  god damn conspiracy theorists , we all know its an black alien rain reindeer guy . 
  725 , thanks for a chance !, 
  do you use verizon ? 
  well its like the only answer he could have stated , put blame on your war opponents . 
  then probably that 's the answer . 
  verizone boosts their numbers to hide the fact that they are giving sub-par speeds . 
  how is it implied ? 
  would something coated in this get very hot if left outside on sunny day ? 
  yes but how does this indicate any of that ? 
  the only part is last scene which would at least a bit lead to that . 
  thanks , i worried that i missed something very obscure . 
  yea , but that 's because of infrared as far as i understand , maybe this nanotube design reflects it ? 
  i 'm bad at light physics . 
  it has nothing to do with wells , what was implied is that flash had to get struck by lightning to meet dr. wells aka go through great lengths . 
  good to know that i 'm not as thick as some people . 
  only took me 5 secs to realize that this should be some bs . 
  what about death of the firstborn child ? 
  aka , thanks obama ? 
  lets hope we get something decent with new heroes . 
  457 , would like universe sandbox thanks . 
  195 , would like universe sandbox thanks !, 
  i think that jim carrey could be gif ` ed to show any reaction imaginable , heck we could do without any other reaction gif if we had only carrey gifs . 
  thats why i never bother with this sub , but is there any alternative ? 
  do n't bother with him . 
  he is 30 year old neckbeard who stays at home 24/7 and never have been in a fight or even a bar . 
  thanks , will check it out . 
  does it have any bias to certain genres ? 
  universe sandbox, 
  thanks, 
  does n't negro actually translate to black ? 
  sometimes on both at the same time !, 
  glad that my stupid joke made someone laugh . 
  i hope that when i die on my tombstone could be written `` no regrets '' . 
  i like the 34 one .
