  i just hope i will not find any rats living inside my laptop . 
  there is in half of the world , but thanks , edited it . 
  ok poe abbreviation in context of rpg talks will be confusing for a few months . 
  at least both poe are great games . 
  and path of exiles will be getting a big update in a month . 
  got ta love that bald patch . . 
  at this point , i think there is a sub about anything , everything and both combined . 
  does n't matter , still would be bad to open it at work . 
  fixed : `` at this point , i think there is a sub about anything , everything and both combined and for each of them there are 3 versions of it '', 
  well it was on previous gen of consoles . 
  so its not too surprising . 
  they keep him cool . . 
  you would fit right in hufflepuff . 
  what at fucking heathen !, 
  oh i thought it would fly non-stop , still cool though . 
  communism, 
  me too , and for past few months i am constantly having til open at work , need to surf something while code analyses data . 
  for every 30 people you get 1 contribution back , totally legit . 
  they should get those children to work before sealing them in . 
  i read a lot about them , they are amazing little fellows . 
  that 's the only way i see it even being possible , letting people fly those things on their own is bad idea . 
  building and maintaining big scale infrastructure like that is quite expensive , probably too expensive for government to consider . 
  i 've seen enough stargate to see where this is going !, 
  fresh air probably helps too , just need to find some of that . 
  i usually have 3 during workdays since i sleep less , and none of it on weekends when i can get all sleep i want . 
  is n't this 6 month old news ? 
  or i 'm missing something ? 
  terrible grammar , so yeah . 
  that would make sense if only pack animals yawned , i do n't think it is the case . 
  thanks , was interesting to see other perspective after all fearmongering on reddit , still i do n't like the future profit being used in it , since it 's a wide topic and full of loopholes , hopefully it will be made fully public . 
  i have downvoted myself several times because of similar stupidity , funny to see res remembering that . 
  it is possible , just on quantum scale an the physics are very weird . 
  and it 's probably has a separate definition for negative kelvin scale . 
  this does n't make dw20 pack shit , it just makes it a bit harder for a crowded youtube series . 
  otherwise the pack is well balanced and has most things you need . 
  i was like : how does a hacker hack someone to death ... oh ... with machete . 
  i do n't know mate , my project is already working perfectly when the idea pops in my head . / s, 
  i never used it , but is n't it like skype ? 
  they did ??? 
  on that cliffhanger with spacemarines ? 
  once upon a time , it reminds me of all the stories in my childhood . 
  but it 's going on for a bit too long , and spinoff was out of place too . 
  i have been out of the loop these past months , but yea , i think act4 is coming and also trading improvements with ability to trade outside the game i believe . 
  yea i will be ending my internship just in time so i will have lots of time while writing my bachelors and in between until i start masters . 
  thank god they are actually doing a finale , i think it 's actually a good time to end it until it goes downhill too much . 
  time traveling tv shows can get ruined pretty fast . 
  well that 's probably pretty much slavery . . 
  it is , just shuffle is pronounce in ways you ca n't even imagine . 
  well rr3 is not fully released yet , its still in testing phase . 
  what a weird looking cat . 
  well not yours anymore , is it ? 
  also everything is mahoganistic . 
  i 'll take 3 !, 
  yes you should not . 
  nice wine bottle holder . 
  this is confusing . 
  grand thief auto : counter strike , damn this sounds like a game of my dreams . 
  this is a pretty nice tradition , they also were stopping other cars and checking if everything is in line and their alcohol levels are below the lines . 
  they caught quite a few people who broke rules . 
  some of us want to have a bad day , bastard !, 
  and a monkey . 
  howtobasic has tips for any problem . 
  custom ones ? 
  i think it 's pronounced jesus . 
  or maybe even 5th !, 
  he fucked a lot of trees and mushrooms back in the day . 
  seems that you can make shit up pretty quickly , you should seek career, 
  in politics . . 
  doubt that it will be affordable for average person , especially when you include price of generator . 
  will probably cost more than using electricity on the grid . 
  electric self eating nachos . 
  entering that market and having competitive price is pretty impossible if you want to make profit . 
  as long as it is self cleaning . 
  it 's not like this will change all chocolate brands , it will just create the capability of making some of them healthier . 
  i have no idea , but i 'm up for anything nsa-proof . 
  i wonder why no one names browser spider , perfect name for web browser . 
  none of current boxes will spike as much as bravo , the difference in supply during reign of bravo cases and now of veng or phoenix is quite big , demand for them did not seem to go as much as the supply , so unless you wait 3 years , you will not see major rise . 
  if you think that all , or even most of facebook users do that , you really are petty ignorant person . . 
  the risk though is through the roof , this market is too unpredictable to be a viable investment , you are better of going to a casino and playing poker . 
  also preferably naked feet and a toilet . 
  you can though use only tec9 on t side , which is pretty much the same . 
  one will be made out of metal , all is fine . 
  might be a bit awkward if he says yes . 
  pretty much , unidan is not hated so much that people would downvote anyone with that name . 
  only philip morris rapes people . 
  i did not realize they actually risk going there and clean shit up . 
  though as i see it 's just a side project alongside commemorating the first indian to get up there , still cool if they clean at least some of the stuff . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  as far as i understand there are a lot of states in us which have same-sex marriage legal . 
  it 's only few backward thinking ones which opposes it . 
  and those who do usually also have other ignorant laws . 
  it 's like if leroy jenkins would ask to join a raiding party . 
  yea , i am colorblind and wearing stockings on my head fixed my eyes !, 
  yea , and even if it is considered a bad spinoff i still kinda liked it . 
  to boost the sales . 
  in my country it 's also referring to carbonated drinks , though i think people apply it to non carbonated ones sometimes too . 
  yea i need to watch that documentary , i knew scientology was batshit crazy , but this is jus stupid . 
  something like those lizard people conspiracies . 
  wait there is documentary about that too ? 
  well . . actually not surprised , it was/is one of the bigger conspiracy theory if we measure it by popularity .
