  as for your pc , i would wait because it might be laggy ( that would n't make you worse player but lag might hinder the enjoyability of the game for you ), 
  also the feeling when you get something rare is also good :d, 
  that seems like an interesting ad plot for the beds :d, 
  that sounds like a good idea , though im not doing trading at the moment so ca n't talk from traders perspective . 
  yea , you can gamble on price fluctuations especially the ones initiated by updates . 
  im considering having 2 or 1 bunnies in my growth deck . 
  i think that its a great idea , but i would think that tiered tournament might be better ( like 3 tournaments 1 would be 0-1200 rate 2 would be 1200 - 1650 rate and 3rd 1650 + ) . 
  this would encourage some people to enjoy tournaments who otherwise would be discouraged by the high rating people . 
  having tons of bunnies and getting god hand is a nice advantage . 
  pretty much all the precon decks are bad , thats a totally reasonable thing . 
  you can get enough gold from easy + some medium trials to build up some potential into your deck to start going pvp . 
  and boobs , do n't forget boobs . 
  yep, 
  `` friend '', 
  well if you cant beat starter deck with any deck you have , then you might be the problem , not the decks . 
  1 growth 1 energy 1 order, 
  funny when ai uses god of hand or similar buffs on his structures . 
  segregating market will not help much , as intersection helps sort out a lot of the sales , segregating will make it longer for trades to happen ( because there is intersection between suppliers and demanders ( same person can be both at the same time ) ) , so trades will stay for longer and the noise might even increase . 
  same person can be buyer and seller at the same time , segregation will force them to focus only on one which will take out the demand from potential suppliers . and a lot of the times it will be the case that person is selling and buying at the same time . 
  so in general laws of supply and demand he participates in both and segregating market will harm the economy . 
  well i dont agree with sacrificing every round , if you have left with a good scroll like god of hand or quake and are forced to chose between sac-ing it and keeping , probably keeping would be better . 
  * my in game name : wizylt, 
  * rating : 0 ( scared to go rated before i feel comfortable ), 
  * totalgames : 64, 
  * as for dates : i should be free next week , probably from 12:00 am till midnight ( gmt +2 ), 
  because you sacrifice the cards you have , on higher games the cards cycle pretty fast , it makes some space for strategic sacrifices . 
  most generic manipulation ever :d, 
  well , drunk people usually does what they truly want because alcohol drops down psychological constraints . 
  so she might not flirt when she is not drunk but she is still feeling similar way . 
  well , probably most of us would use fire just in case . 
  ( and to be sure burn the house ), 
  well , that 's pretty cruel . 
  cant wait to eat those kittens with my bunnies !, 
  i would love to see frogs in decay : /, 
  bottle of vodka , a bit of sleep and he is ok . 
  cant you use the super beard powers and materialize a chainsaw ? 
  you know noothin jon sno . 
  careful , they might knock on your door now :d . 
  if they work at mines *, 
  i heard that people who use the standing type of toiled sometimes does n't know how to use normal type and stand like that on them ( usually in 3rd world countries ) . 
  and the injuries from this can be very bad . 
  that might cost you later on , or when he grows up it might cost him :d, 
  do you have to have friends playing the game to fight someone else dungeon , not the npc ones ? 
  oh , i thought that all those are npc . 
  but recently saw that some1 finished mine so started to wonder how they did that . 
  thanks . 
  well dragon age origins will probably provide more gameplay time ( if you dont count in the multiplayer ) , and probably has better story overall . 
  but far cry is enjoyable too . 
  was gordon ramsey taking your order ? 
  not as creepy as reddit . 
  i 've got a better one , played it but did n't really enjoy it . 
  close enough :d, 
  not if you understand physics ... 
  looks like deep sea fish , we call similar ones sea devil ( obviously not a real name ) . 
  it would n't be their independence day , check the dictionary . 
  sure , i 'm trying to help and have you learn something , and you just come here and insult me . 
  yea , so then how your meme is relevant whatsoever , what is happening in egypt could be called revolution ( if we would exaggerate ) . 
  because the core is pretty cool and they do n't have tectonic movement do they have quakes ( lets disregard the meteorites ) ? 
  i presume he gets a nice workout too . 
  could you provide a source for that info ? 
  you know , you need to get a bit crazy to be able not to suicide eventually . 
  i 'm pretty sure i would do that ( except the madam part , i hope ) . 
  thanks , didint know this . 
  but still just a theory i guess . 
  green lantern ? 
  so size does n't matter ? 
  for subscriptions ? 
  it is usually made from it , though not the one people smoke , but a different species with low thc i think . 
  having suicidal thought is more common thing than people think . 
  i love how she would happily knock the other lady down if she was closer . 
  first time i see these i always look for the boobs . 
  am i the only one , who actually enjoy getting corrected on my grammar ? 
  i wonder how much such thing would cost , as a fellow mosquito killing machine would probably get us into bigger debt . 
  justin bieber the origins prequel ? 
  poor cat is thirsty :(, 
  thats like he saw 20 million versions of the universe and in all of them it was 100 % true . 
  im so bad at it ... 
  that was a joke , i 'm studying math at uni so i 'm familiar with probability theory quite well . 
  i did n't lie for karma , i lied to make some1 bring up a smile , i could n't care less about karma . 
  you most certainly have n't met many mathematicians , your vision of them is pretty wrong . 
  there is always girl , there is always a child and there is always a lighthouse . 
  thats still not 100 % :d, 
  yep , i would n't mind that either :d , it does n't even have to be cute , im up for tarantula too . 
  ( got frogs as a gift already , though that `` gift '' needed an 60l aquarium which cost a bit . ), 
  weasley family meetup ? 
  i believe you still feel pressure , it isnt pain but still feels strange . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  his name is freaky , but close enough :d, 
  no golden ticket ? 
  its been a while since this meme made me laugh , thanks . 
  mine was the guitar one . 
  ( also the part in credits ), 
  any racists out there could explain it to me ? 
  well pop-punk is sub-genre of punk so ... no need to be mean to people just for that . 
  i cant seem to be successful in making the gold for beast class :(, 
  piaget one of my favorite scientists . 
  when i eventually get a cat im thinking of naming it razorblade , but im bad at names so any1 thinks thats a fun name ? 
  i believe its only in some cultures . 
  yea but shouldnt the pet names be shorter ? 
  isnt it common thing for them to have uneven number of legs ?
