  since you are also buying a rig it makes more sense to put more cash into the pc than the monitor . 
  neptune 's wrath . 
  never inject full speedforce mate . 
  would also be probably the best post on / r/dataisbeautiful / in a while . 
  the new one looks like cheap chinese replica . 
  ok now it sounds way less bizzare . 
  refreejirator in cheese . 
  have you been paying attention to the story ? 
  honestly he is not really chauvinistic , he was just surrounded by awful women . 
  most tortoises die choking on watermelons . 
  looks like d4 , both are as deadly . 
  supply of oil and gas prices are not that well connected . 
  yeah , this was so fast . 
  did you know that low ceilings kill at least 1000 giraffes a year ? 
  you never know if you will want to be in a sewer pipe . 
  children . 
  that is how i start my every day . 
  or it might be the same day all the time , not sure . 
  `` smart water , perfect for stupid people '', 
  at least the front did not fall off . 
  i would drink myself to death with drinking games like this . 
  ca n't be , it did not explode . 
  because it is hard to see small plastic particles from up top . 
  most of the plastic which gets there already broke up into tiny beads . 
  but since its not biodegradable it will stay there for a long long time . 
  it is funny how this is ovrblown on both sides , western media screams about how they are preparing to nuke everyone . 
  russia is boosting how tens of millions people will participate in this . 
  in reality russia is doing it to helicopter its wiener and most people in russia you ask about this will have no idea that it 's happening . 
  only thing i would think if i saw this is `` who fucking cares , everyone involved is an adult '' . 
  i mean , he came into presidency when the country was growing and its economy was booming more than anything in the region . 
  all he had to do is not fuck it up and he would have been able to be president for quite some time . 
  i do n't think that he will be one for a full term . 
  yeah , one of my favorite moments in gaming , though also my last cod game . 
  with all the lobbying and political manipulations it does they might delay spacex enough to beat them . 
  boeing is particularly nasty . 
  who knows what the situation is like ? 
  it is not very reasonable to assume that alan is the problem when we see his wife do something like this . 
  i think this is how we can make them not rebel , make them unable to use elevators and they will have to have us help them . 
  i barely have to charge my ebook since it has e-inc . 
  probably can read 3 or more books on it before needing to recharge it . 
  he would not have a phone then . 
  someone should make a movie about this , lets call it `` inverse matrix '' . 
  i was hoping that lithuanian scientist will get one for cas9 , though it still might happen next year . 
  it is basically what / r/subredditsimulator often is . 
  this way she ca n't complain when you say something bad . 
  do n't be so harsh , maybe he rolled critical fail on his perception . 
  what if she likes to watch ? 
  ibuynotverymuchpower, 
  you now have to commit sudoku . 
  sorry but no , generalizing like this is stupid . 
  this guy regardless of his nationality is as horrible driver as they can get because he just almost killed a person . 
  - albert einstein, 
  does it shoot lasers ? 
  can only afford one day . 
  dropping prices might make people sell gbp more and hence drop the prices even more . 
  who knows where it will stabilize when it rises again . 
  it is more like a treasury bond but with less security and liquidity , it 's detached for aesthetics . 
  it would be if the paintings would be even close to what is necessary . 
  with the piles of cash russia puts into propaganda i would not be surprised if they truly believed it . 
  i thought it was category 4 ? 
  did it slow down ? 
  sorry , not american . 
  next is shipping industry , right guys ? 
  if you are in britain , then yea , spending pounds on pounds of goods might be good idea . 
  this is how the rules are , if he takes too long then it is ok for you to mess with him . 
  i am not columbian so my opinion is not as important , but i also agree that he deserved ( have been following these negotiations since economist wrote interesting articles ) . 
  he definitely deserved it more than eu or obama . 
  serious or not , but that is a funny ~ ~ dad ~ ~ mom joke . 
  yes , he bleeds heroin . 
  i 'll rather buy a house . 
  hopefully you binded buys according to that . 
  `` they eat trough that ??? '', 
  they have a lot of incentives to do it . 
  they are more likely to be affected by climate change than for example europe ( if we ignore climate migrants ) . 
  good luck folks . 
  could n't you post a gallery instead of spamming / r/aww with all these pictures, 
  still cool pictures though . 
  yes , snowpiercer was a fun movie . 
  was thinking about getting it because grim dawn is already almost worth it . 
  but i am too risk averse to gamble this way . 
  maybe next time i 'll try it out since it seems like they deliver often . 
  which is what russias plan probably is , it does not intend to go to conflict , it only wants to create atmosphere where it looks like the world is against them and then they could spin this in order to gain control over public . 
  why does sloth have only 1 arm ? 
  he looks like he is having his prostate checked . 
  50 % seems a bit high , or the stocks are very volatile and who knows if it will be 10x or 1/10 in 10 years . 
  i always whip out my long stabby thing when i hear weird noise at night . 
  i mean , you generally sense if you are injured , that is what pain is for . 
  ask her out . 
  that 's why i used `` generally '' . 
  the biggest problem here is that you are gambling with your life savings . 
  you are investing in high risk stocks and eventually you will be down . 
  you ca n't rely on investments like this unless you come from the future . 
  he 's lucky it was not human meat . 
  wait wait wait , i thought i was the fifth guy . . 
  you would get stronger after eating it , duh . 
  whats the best controller for ~ 40 euros ? 
  worst outfit to parkour in . . 
  microsoft , please transform my 280x into titan xp . 
  no one needs experts . 
  it was clear that she is not the brightest crayon , stealing in broad daylight is pretty stupid .
