  been where , found out i 'm poor because i 'm lazy , had to stop being lazy . 
  is n't touching nose very disturbing for them ? 
  i read that in a shark attack you need to hit their nose and they will be stunned . 
  did they sleep in your bed and eat your soup ? 
  maybe they are just very into hard rock . 
  would it matter too much if it 's a 3rd person game ? 
  that 's how you end up dead and at separate corners of the country . 
  god i smile like an idiot at every stupid joke in this post , i 'm at work assholes !, 
  he is a ninja duh . . 
  damn i need to see the movie again , so much nostalgia . 
  thermo nuclear risk . 
  even there i would be careful in what to believe . 
  damn that 's a long cable . 
  how much did it cost ? 
  how much is known ? 
  yea , lots of old people feeding strays near my apartment , there are also tons of pigeons , though some people are feeding pigeons too . 
  pigeons must have gotten some sweet revenge . 
  tbh , most of the time you will get acces to their stuff through local channels , a year late and with terrible dubbing , but still . 
  that 's why they are enforcing this , so that they could get more money out of local channels who buys their programs . 
  terrible model but you still get access . 
  they landed a man on the moon , they have no trouble of getting high . 
  it 's not great leader who climbs the mountain it 's the mountain which gets under his feet . 
  reporting from the lab , this is not a cat , this is a dog . 
  does n't vinegar melt cpu ? 
  hmm does this mean i could get close to 60fps on very high or ultra with my 280x and i5-4570 . 
  damn that was stupid . . 
  still a glasshole . 
  he must have downloaded it . . 
  the same people who causes shit tons of stress to their pet . 
  that 's definitely not how you do that . . 
  sitting at home , playing dishonored/finishing daredevil and writing a paper . 
  cold, 
  wait . . why is that green ? 
  or maybe person you are eating with is already there and holding a table for you ? 
  no it 's not . 
  i would be too scared that that thing will break and impale my face with glass shards . 
  they ca n't hear you through all that cash coming in . 
  so that 's how they experiment with makeup on animals ? 
  that 's where best floor cleaners come from . 
  planes are a bit faster than cars so less time to react . 
  or any fucking thing which is popular . 
  except the crazy guy , better leave him duct taped to an asteroid . 
  any devil advocates on why is this too hard to apply in real life ? 
  well that is logical conclusion , usually you do n't want to run on top capacity a thing which is going to be running constantly and for a long time . 
  he is great at selecting people who makes his big ideas into reality then , which is probably even better . 
  does n't china have a lot of big rivers , or are those not capable of producing comparable amount of power on scale of china . 
  there would not be anything wrong with scientology if they would not do immoral and in reality pretty illegal stuff . 
  well they did buy a big patch of forest for preservation . 
  so they are making them affordable only for limited demographic , if they would sell it cheaper the effect on environment would increase . 
  so why bring up their pricing model ? 
  that did not end well for unidan . 
  so . . child abuse ? 
  someone will get triggered . 
  someone needs to elevate this pun thread . 
  i thought wearing nothing bellow the waist commando . . 
  he will never tell you . 
  because the ones hiring do n't care about this , they care about getting cheapest workers . 
  they cut contact with them too . 
  i would assume i 'm in a horror movie and would just run away from that place . 
  what a terrorist !, 
  i 'll bring my axe . 
  that 's how real technology prototypes work . 
  you ca n't be certain about anything . 
  it will be named like that , but actual song will be never gon na give you up . 
  and deserves cancer . 
  or putting pressure on the finger , also reduced pain . 
  hallucinations are there to provide company , at least that 's what my green lama buddy tells me . 
  yea i found that my bad lawnmower vibrations make my hands feel itchy and uncomfortable . 
  wait , mr. president ? 
  damn i did not even know we already elected one !, 
  yea , in most of the europe taxes pay for university , and then money is used a bit more efficiency than just working to squeeze profits . 
  though we still get that , not from pricing point of view , but from attempts to get as much students as university can or even ca n't . 
  can i help from my armchair ? 
  you forgot to add master of dogecoin . 
  i though stable europe was the greatest enemy for putin ? 
  it 's perfect place for terrorists to make their attacks . 
  he is not wrong though , most of fossil fuel should stay underground , otherwise the cost of getting carbon and other bad gasses out of air in reasonable amount of time will be astronomical . 
  huh ? 
  you must not be living in eastern europe . 
  that 's not about the war , it 's about them getting as much political and economical influence before europe turns to other trade partners as an unified structure , which would hurt russia , it 's in their best intention to try and split it up . 
  they do n't really want to be allies , they want to dictate and control . 
  they try to put economical and political pressure on eastern european countries for years . 
  this guy was one of the best parts of the tv series , though i did like the last season . 
  hmm i remember seeing this , is this video couple years old ? 
  also would having this even be legal ? 
  by the middle it started to get a bit boring . . 
  but then the birds appeared !, 
  get a fooking room you twats !, 
  is that per capita ? 
  first we need technology of self driving cars , most of it is still a bit unreliable . 
  then we apply that to flying cars . 
  otherwise we will have a lot of stupid people behind heavy flying things which can kill people easily . 
  if we will have ttip companies will just sue eu . 
  you do n't need to look far , reddit is free . 
  books should just be banned , edges are pointy and it can also give paper cuts , just too dangerous for general public !, 
  and black ? 
  like reverse mj ? 
  i thought it was blue balled badasses . 
  un is there to give vague statements which have no value . 
  mining and using it will only put it into air , we need to forget carbon emitting fuel and focus on what we can gather elsewhere .
