  depends if vegans can eat insects or not . 
  for some reason i did not realize there were more accidents in that video . 
  stopped after first . . 
  what an entitled fuck . . 
  i never watched his videos and now i will probably never do . 
  how can he not comprehend that he has to pay people properly for work . 
  and then give syndicate 0 because his work deserves nothing . 
  like wth , i have 100k + comment karma , but no , somehow that is not enough , i still have to get 10 normal karma . . why ? 
  you forget what the video was for , it was to direct people to the server/website . the video did earn money to them , just not trough youtube ads . 
  and even if it did not earn money , they still should have paid him for his work if they used it . 
  damn that is so nice to read , i wish i could commit to a resolution , but in reality i get distracted too fast and disinterested . 
  but hopefully i will write my master thesis and start dating next year . 
  blue balls has a new meaning . 
  nsfl - not safe for limbs . 
  nah , it is a targeting laser to know where to fire your red rocket . 
  this is how we will eventually get space elevator . 
  i am impressed that i barely heard about him , and i watch quite a few youtubers . 
  `` you 've got to be licking my nipples with a tongue of an elephant '' lol . . 
  this cracked me up . 
  [ ah , the old reddit firerooo ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3yukhu/what_is_your_favorite_moment_in_reddit_history/cyhog0p?context=6 ), 
  the thing is , yea it started better and went downhill , but the finale was probably my favorite finale of all the shows i saw and i saw plenty of them . 
  so overall , it was definitely worth finishing . 
  what about 366 movie challenge ? 
  i was thinking about doing it but then i realized there is no way i would have time for that . 
  like 1.5 h taken away each day requires quite a lot commitment , but book a week is close to that . 
  your shit 's on fire yo . 
  you mean mathematical theorems ? 
  i study math and i just cant remember using word theory in that narrow sense , so not sure if the terms are different or just synonyms . 
  in math theory is a very wide thing if i remember correctly , it covers a lot of theorems and axioms/lemas constructed to prove those theorems . 
  it is like a set of theorems and axioms . 
  probability theory , number theory and etc. 
  did your dad gift it to remember the old times ? 
  then whole party dies out of alcohol poisoning . 
  wake up again and party the new birthday , dying out of alcohol poisoning again and etc. 
  like russian groundhogs day . 
  probably smoked a lot , especially in the hotel . 
  ha , joke is on you , i do n't work here !, 
  you mean you do n't read the comments to your cat ? 
  you said pole mead hut , i am not a fucking polish drink bar you asshole !, 
  maybe the only way he can get twitch views ? 
  jelly for what ? 
  if you reach your true rank on one account then it will mean that you will reach it on 10 or 100 accounts , because it is your rank . 
  we are just annoyed that you ca n't play at your current true rank and have to abuse the system to get twitch views . 
  assuming that they are going to have 2 children as an average , it will still be not enough for population to grow or even replenish . 
  i think iirc you need ~ 2.1 to replenish the population ( that .1 is a bit not fully clear , but it is more than 2 definitely ) , even more to grow . 
  tbh if he wins enough matches he might get to ge in new ranking system . 
  but you are a fucking smurf who bias this proof . . are you that dense ? 
  so you found 77 smurfs . 
  do you not see how flawed your logic is ? 
  just sharing it . . 
  could you get fined for doing that ? 
  in a lot of places yea . 
  well i have no idea about the laws wherever that occurred . . 
  yea i had a bad lose streak and dropped 2 ranks . . 
  i am pretty sure none of those were actual words . 
  this is hilarious . 
  never played or saw baseball match in my life , but now i want vortex bat ^ ^ tm . 
  5/7 mambo is the best . 
  but you know , deez nutz . 
  whats wrong with it ? 
  `` walmartian '' coming this summer , in movie theaters near you !, 
  starring : meth damon . 
  cooking steak with a welding torch . 
  he really wanted it to smack him faster so he could lick it all up . 
  dog is smart , he knows that if he takes it like a boss it is more likely that they will do it again . 
  dogs have enough destructive power for that not to matter , he just saved it up to tear that pesky rubber chicken apart later in the evening . 
  exactly , it makes me feel sick when i see someone pretending like this and then laughing it off with their companions on how good they tricked people . 
  or else i will be offended !, 
  i just had find 18 of those mysterious stranger guys ... for god damn caps ... 
  i only found 3 of them after the update ... 
  a time when after thousands of posts on / r/wtf , a post on / r/funny makes you wtf out loud !, 
  now i wonder if anyone did any of the portal songs , someone must have tried ? 
  never realized that masks like that were used a lot . 
  i wonder how much would it hurt getting hit while wearing that , beats getting killed i guess . 
  probably my favorite movie last year . 
  it was brilliant , they are making a sequel , but i doubt it can be that good . 
  hmm ok i recently watched all the seasons of this show , can someone recommend something similarly funny to waste my time next ? 
  ( preferably british humour too ), 
  do you pass rule 1 ? 
  valve will announce their revolutionary system called steam support . 
  so basically same as asking help on reddit ? 
  i am impressed that it actually worked to some extent !, 
  and with 0 teamkills . 
  i am very confused on what those gloves are . 
  do they include a backpack as a pc case and vr goggles ? 
  one of the better examples of / r/glitch _ art, 
  so how does the rainbow taste ? 
  by the looks of it probably like charcoal . 
  at least some of them survived , i thought the shockwave might have killed all of them . 
  so releases just before hl3 ? 
  that is a bad timeframe . 
  well 34 is ~ 34 . 
  trust me i 'm mathematician . 
  well the elevator went down . . 
  would be a waste . 
  we do n't even need fossils to prove it . 
  we have diseases which evolve very fast . 
  this is the moment where i should redirect you to a subreddit for people like you , but i think we might be in a place where it does not exist . 
  are you that dense ? 
  he never claimed he arrived at that , he just gave an example of what good odds in that context might be .
