  2 ) the confidence intervals are small , lets say it covers 0 , + -0.001 and etc. 
  and it would mean that the results say that either there are no risks or the risk is very very close to 0 . 
  but in both cases from statistical point of view it would be not very correct to link abortion to increase in the negative outcomes . 
  i am sure i might have made mistake/not stated everything clearly so if someone sees something incorrect please correct me instead of just downvoting ( you can still downvote after correcting ) . 
  jet fuel can , in fact , melt steel beams . 
  it is fine , felicityforce will fix it . 
  they definitely have 0 understanding of technology , so lying is all they have . 
  if you owned a long haired dog you would know that no one would wait for that . 
  red eyed white dragon . 
  i see this from very skeptical perspective , they will be biased since they have 2 board members who are also employees of esl . 
  put systems with frontier outposts into sectors whenever you can , it helps a lot . 
  compressing a frozen gas might end very very badly . 
  or change some variables in ai aggressiveness , you literally just need to open a file with notepad and change few numbers . 
  3 days later while in a shower . 
  devs used to make better games knowing that they will not be able to patch it easily . 
  now when they can patch them trough the internet they became more interested in the deadlines than the product itself . 
  well . . 
  the game is intentionally very slow with periods of barely anything happening , so of course he will have a lot of hours played . 
  early game is enjoyable , but after that barely anything happens so you end up multitasking with a tvshow/podcast which skews the evaluation of `` fun '' . 
  continues to write him a ticket and says `` for the watch '' while giving it to him . 
  well it ca n't be worse than copying a cpu with a scanner in the arrow . 
  i grade it 6/10 . 
  ah i kinda hoped it was partially intended , just not balanced enough . 
  that was just a co-op virus , nothing unusual . 
  / r/personalfinance can do you wonders mate . 
  especially if you live in a western country . 
  well honestly they were designed to be handled in a war conditions were n't they ? 
  so it should be safe if you do not step on it . 
  this was purely about ai aggressiveness , do not understand why are you so buthurt . 
  the ai personalities are random , some of them will attack you early some of them will try to avoid fighting and these variables can be adjusted . 
  in no way i was saying the game was perfect which would indicate my fanboyism . 
  or , you know , this was a low hanging fruit and a lot of people simultaneous thought of this joke ? 
  i do not follow that subreddit and i really could not care less about few karma points . 
  also value of a diamond is pretty low , the prices are just hiked up artificially . 
  i kinda was rooting for the bear : /, 
  you have to pay extra for that . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  movies definitely exist . 
  it is sad that craig has to quit his show but people like fallon keep their bs . 
  that far into the game and still limited to 5 core planets ? 
  or did you just skip the research which adds more ? 
  i really hope it is intentional . 
  things like that are fun to find . 
  lewis probably visits / r/shittyaskscience too much . 
  yea , i got my +1 planet about 150 years in , i 'm fanatic militarist materialist . 
  also i am very terrible at balancing research , once i try to equalize one type of research i overdo it and then it becomes the highest . 
  but i only just got the tier v missiles and the kinetic alternative . 
  what happened ? 
  probably slipped trough my eyes . 
  do n't give them any ideas . 
  the voting system is the same , it is just presented differently . 
  and the contest was political since forever . 
  so that is that band moose people keep talking about . 
  is this that musical cats ? 
  ca n't watch it unmuted without ears starting to bleed . 
  loved all of the cube movies , wish they made more . 
  poltercat, 
  nice to be young again . 
  expected it to be easier . 
  should use the death ray on them next . 
  maybe the guidelines for both were made by creative assembly ? 
  yea , the big cable is one of the reasons i am still holding on from going for this gen of vr , hopefully in few years we will have low latency wireless vr . 
  yeah , i felt like that so i went to get my dose trough manga , ended up reading all of it in 2 days and in withdrawal . 
  i mean you kinda have to have everyone sipsproof when sips is involved . 
  nah , that is completely impossible . 
  3 months ? 
  that is optimistically long period . 
  at least it passes you , fashion usually flies over my head . 
  hmm i thought their size determines how long it takes , but my similar sized vasal took way less time to integrate . 
  getting drunk . 
  that is one of the things which is fine with the game , you have +1 and you will get the deal . 
  well it is still millions of years , just the number of millions is high . 
  not seeing the peasants as equal to you . 
  when you are like that you obviously know that you know more than they do about how things should be . 
  the number of his chins correlates with number of bad star wars movies . 
  and they do have an apocalypse level event happening at the same time , they are just letting s.h.i.e.l.d deal with it . 
  well a lot of these issues should have not, 
  made the launch . 
  hopefully things will be fixed properly . 
  i think zero fucks is a main problem why pandas are endangered . 
  nice try , we know that you made this video to hide your superpowers . 
  at least when the house burns down the table cloth will remain . 
  do n't remember the last part being in the movie . 
  looks worse than some celebrities in their 50s . 
  and since when political songs are bad ? 
  songs representing state of society , history and culture is an important cultural thing . 
  this rule should not exist imho . 
  seriously , what crappy mcdonalds is that ? 
  usually burgers from my local ones look perfectly normal and similar to the picture . 
  i found it a bit obnoxious , but everyone in audience seem to be having a great time so who am i to judge ? 
  how does that even happen ? 
  natures viagra . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  i thought it should have been a.d.a.m ? 
  yeah , i had no type of calls or emails after giving blood , even though my blood type is one of the rarer ones . 
  then again i started giving every 2 or so months because it is a very easy thing to do and it might help someone . 
  for me unbidden spawned inside the biggest ai territory , and while i was waring other alliance they pretty much only focused on that ai and took 80 % of it . 
  but since i had 40k stack and only had 1 ai between us i had very easy time rushing to the portal and taking it out . 
  they posed very little threat . 
  it 's a scapegoat .
