  there is nothing wrong with having this goal . 
  i get that being secular nationalist-capitalist is popular these days on reddit ( looking at you / r/thedonald ) , but not all people feel the same . 
  wait , you do not think in one liners ? 
  this trick is called suicide flip . 
  they want to be a proper news source so much but they have little understanding on how to do proper research . 
  even after the few years they have been here . 
  too warm in australia . 
  videos also have timestamp encoded . 
  i thought it is called a joke ? 
  hopefully not for everything . 
  are n't you supposed to be banned ? 
  meh , no ascii art , not worth . 
  well they probably will still get money from some people as novelty for this dlc which took them probably 5 minutes to make . 
  `` they '' does not necessarily imply multiple people . 
  is half life 3 going to be on sale ? 
  probably going to pick up witcher 3 , maybe dlcs for cities skylines if i will have some spare cash . 
  would love hand of fate , not an eventful day so the best thing i had was a manly bubble bath . 
  do n't have much to give but i do have xcom : eu for russian region ( i think it is for whole cis ) . 
  got it long time ago while trading out my portal 2 , did not realize it was region locked . 
  it is called japanese sauna . 
  damn , leave is getting more votes than i anticipated . 
  well technically game is rated 17 + so hard to blame your parents for not getting it . 
  a lot of shit you talk applies to uk and not eu and that will become even worse . 
  not to mention that the difference in % is so low between remain and leave that it is a bit weird to change status quo when almost half of people do not want to do it . 
  well it would probably take a bit more time . 
  uk wont leave eu for quite a bit of time until everything is agreed on with eu . 
  and since the expansion pack is without a discount and game is long as hell there is no reason to get it now . 
  showoff !, 
  this is not eurovision , this will affect everyone living in uk . 
  and when half of the country does not want the highly unpredictable and volatile change , it becomes a bit unfair . 
  yes and in proper democracy repeated referendum would be necessary for robustness . 
  makes sense , price is low and they expect a lot of sales . 
  would like pillars of eternity if it fits the budget . 
  what is the world 's longest punctuation mark ? ... the hundred yard dash . 
  it does not need to be close to it , the idea is for everyone to have same odds and picking random number will acomplish that regardless of range ( well it has to be larger than threads population but still ) . 
  perfect for 4k gaming . 
  it is also cheaper to get bundle with 1 and 2 if you have them than getting the game separately . 
  steam math is different . 
  which one . 
  so in 2 years when uk leaves . 
  not to mention people who will get 2x480 . 
  always love some shia surprise . 
  and that is with euro also having a drop . 
  i would argue being short would be easier than being very tall . 
  so much hassle to buy clothes and find furniture and etc. 
  london has between 8 and 14 million people ( depending on what type of london this is about ) . 
  so 200k is about ~ 1-3 % of population , which is probably not enough for something this grand . 
  meh , you do not even take part in eurovision , australians are first in line mate !, 
  sorry for being so confused , then it is 8m ? 
  get some french people to eat all the frogs !, 
  hard to imagine all the damage done to the body after 14years in space . 
  all seem pretty static . 
  so does not help either case . 
  would be interesting to see estimate of the trends and correlations with confidence intervals . 
  though data set is pretty poor for anything accurate . 
  it would also kinda make sense since china demand for electric cars is probably going to rise quite substantially so this might reduce other costs too . 
  well probably people who buys tesla are not the ones who would mod the cars to reduce emissions . 
  eu will join uk !, 
  you do realize that imports from eu were way cheaper than what they are going to get now , probably again from eu . 
  so demand of goods in uk from eu will not change by much most likely . 
  duke nukem : manhattan project ? 
  i ca n't really tell if i find this case awfully ugly or cool . 
   they sit right on the fence between `` statistically significant '' and `` statistically insignificant '' . 
  so what are the confidence intervals , t-statistic ? 
  correlation of 0.37 would be still correlation and definitely a significant correlation if the confidence intervals are small enough . 
  and the opposite could be even on 0.5 + correlations . 
  hopefully this giveaway is still open . 
  good luck folks . 
  currently got all 4 main serious sam games from the sale . 
  probably will get rogue legacy and witcher 3 and that will be enough with my budget limits . 
  damn , did not know they are creating a video game based on that card game . 
  a reply is worth 10 golds mate . 
  thanks !, 
  i am surprised how many famous band names would fit to this . 
  everywhere i look i see period band names . 
  send help . 
  the runaways, 
  maybe they were asking for it . 
  do n't be quick to judge yourself so badly . 
  people like you deserve a ban for spoiling shows like this . 
  earth is very obviously not round . 
  nah it is a cube . 
  oil is dirty cheap . 
  i 'm sure that there are no health risk and it is as clean as normal brush , but why ? 
  silly robot , that is not how degrees of power work . 
  try with with other videos , mute the sound and watch the video first time only with captions . 
  it is probably just the hide of the foot so no ? 
  i wonder if that has some calories and still could sustain you at bigger quantities after 150years . 
  like i never imagined myself watching content like this , but this guy talks about it with such passion that it becomes interesting . 
  a lot of places will have this . 
  coffee inn for example usually have something like that ( there is one near gediminas prospect ) . 
  but i think that generally a lot of coffee places and even restaurants could have this . 
  and they will all usually have free wifi . 
  so glad my mathematics degree has some uses on reddit . 
  farage was insulting everyone , not really making any points . 
  is n't this what farage done himself quite a few times ? 
  yes , it grew stronger compared to pound . 
  we will get back to you after your elections . 
  that is what happens when you live in scotland . 
  hmm asus 8gb one is 320eur where live , that is a bit more .
