  so what happened in yesterdays stream ? 
  since sips came by and ruined the stream , i think this goal is very far fetched . 
  well the only way you can get anywhere on the internet is by lying . 
  or by being naked . 
  krillex , fuck . . this is so stupid but i ca n't stop laughing . 
  did you at least screw his daughter as a revenge ? 
  false stories are false , also stock speculation is pretty much a gamble so most of success depends on luck . 
  if any of these has an option to later upgrade to goty versions then borderlands 2 or dishonored ( want to be able to buy the rest of it when i have spare money ), 
  http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt , i hope i changed it correctly to be not private . 
  makes crappy art . . 
  everyone will still feel the power of technoviking !, 
  few hours of sleep would increase your chances of success exponentially , just set up bunch of alarm clocks . 
  it 's always weird for me that people just start ignoring , why not explain why you ca n't give it away anymore , even if you make something up . 
  reading all those donation names has affect on your mind . 
  el chupacabra is probably the only explanation . 
  that might be a bit unsettling . 
  there are a lot of strange people on this planet . 
  hence why we even have shows like honey booboo ( or w/e that crap is called ) on `` the learning channel '' . . 
  all of the ukraine incidents since i live in eastern europe . 
  all your issues has little to do with inflation , but that 's just my two cents . 
  androids do n't really get old . 
  yep , i have tons of phoenix boxes , though i got them through game drops . 
  waiting for price to increase in summer . 
  i think someone is trying to summon satan , i 'm pretty sure this is one of the steps necessary for that . 
  took me a while to understand that mj did not mean michael jackson . 
  you can easily enjoy the game casually without bigger knowledge of deck building . 
  you made me loaf . . 
  amateur , you hop on while there are less then 10 comments . 
  do n't forget the milk in everyones fridge . 
  you thought he had nothing to lose anymore ? 
  well he now has his memories taken away !, 
  `` taken : bourne '', 
  must be redneck . . 
  trolls ca n't like anything , that 's impossible for them . 
  maybe that 's not santa , just a random old guy with beard who likes to wear red/white . 
  one of the forms of immortality . 
  can this fucking same meme stop ? 
  how many times can americans create same thing about how great their gas prices are after oil drop . 
  gas prices are not the only thing which will probably change if it continues to drop to 40/barrel or less . 
  can someone explain what flashbacks were about ? 
  i 'm bad at names so was confusing of who was that mi6 agent . 
  yea that 's what i thought , did not have time to re-watch to be exact since i 'm studying for exam . 
  i fucking tagged you as reddit santa , you are everywhere mate . . 
  based on most of the content , i can deduce that at least 50 % of internet users are cats . 
  googled the name and realized that i still have n't read the novel . 
  why the fuck do i have to study for dumb exams when its more relevant things to do , like reading fiction . 
  you can run quite far in 5 seconds during adrenaline rush , and that distance could matter . 
  would n't hot water help ? 
  i would think this is a cooking show and someone who participates would know the trick . 
  yep , apple also produces crap . 
  you are actually incorrect , if you inject more than 3 marijuanas then you are going to have hallucinations for the rest of your life . 
  yea , it would probably be ww3 . 
  is there a phobia where you fear that you are fearless and will die because of that ? 
  i 'm very confused what this has to do with lake and motorcycle in your picture . 
  well a lot of phobias have little regard to logic . 
  pretty cool , but disappointed not to see a cat wearing one . 
  though that probably is because it would not be fun for the animal to wear all this metal on its back . 
  marijuana affects your brain forever , so 3 in your lifetime will be enough . 
  do n't forget to demand to give marvel x-men and other ones . 
  why is a sandwich talking to me ? 
  the risk of mosquito biting testicles and causing it to itch for long period of time vs temporal hellish pain . 
  it 's a complicated choice . 
  you must be misspelling alot of the time . 
  so lying on some kind of glass surface to take the picture was better than just taking it of him standing ? 
  yea , took me a while to understand what is going on there . 
  well yea x-men are having good movies created , the problem is all the crossover issues . 
  some type of inhumans since shield introduced them a bit ? 
  obviously its the kree inhumans . 
  yea , demo mode is fun , i tend to use it as a warm-up before going to ranked games . 
  pajayna ... fuck , i should be studying and not laughing my ass off . 
  they sent first two boxes to earn your trust , they will strike now . 
  this is actually pretty interesting decision , there is a huge demand for a lot of people/businesses to hold money in swiss banks , this probably will help to balance currency rate . 
  its because you forget to lie in your comment , you silly . . 
  well in europe we are also seeing price drop . 
  this needs to be edited to have lava flowing below !, 
  ugh i am very skeptical about it , a lot of old games gets screwed up these days . 
  counter strike go . 
  a great game to chill in evenings . 
  you just need to learn to ignore some people in matchmaking . 
  yep , cs has pretty cool maps which can never get old , sure they get tweaked in cs : go here and there quite often , but it is done in terms of balancing . 
  you still save a lot by not needing to drive . 
  i 'm loving how much of space exploration we are seeing this year . 
  lets hope india will be successful in putting man into orbit . 
  sides are pretty impossible to balance without losing the original design . 
  they are not only balanced by swapping sides , but also by difference in weapons.since pretty much all maps are ct sided , most of t guns are probably better , ca n't really remember for which exactly ( ak vs m4 , tec9 vs 5-7 , aug vs sg , im pretty sure all these guns are in t side favor ) . 
  wow , this one took me quite some times to get . . having low amount of sleep for several days has its effect . 
  good luck . 
  on what map is it considered for 3 wins on t side to be auto win . . ? 
  dust_2 gets old if you reach a ceiling and ca n't innovate new strategies and try out new ides . 
  not exactly , you constantly see innovative tactics during tournaments even on maps like dust2 . 
  flashes , smokes now incinerators are constantly creating new tactics and counter-tactics and this is only one small part of strategy making ( as is your courner checking/camping ) . 
  and sg is getting used more and more recently . 
  aug on the other hand , is barely getting any attention . 
  not having a lot of money helps with being patient . 
  only looking forward to grabbing goty edition either of borderlands 2 or dishonored . 
  i want it , and i want yogscast to reach 1mil in donations !, 
  mine probably was terraria . 
  great game and cant wait for new update ( devs are amazing to release big content patches so far into games life ) . 
  i am going to get borderland 2 goty next probably , unless it will not be low enough for me to afford . 
  the great dong of freedom .
