  though i do n't know if there is a point since i only lost 2 out of my last probably 10 . 
  i wish all of you great christmas vacation !, 
  that 's weird octane level , where i live 95 and 98 are all i see . 
  i should get a rainmeter . . 
  body has safety mechanisms for that , where wrist cuts are a bit different case . 
  it 's a ciiiiiiiiiiiiiircle of life !, 
  so does that scorpion venom only cause pain and does not have those horrible effects of snake bytes ? 
  i 'm not a medical person , but there has been multiple posts about how limb ripping off has some weird mechanism which prevents bleeding out . 
  google probably has a well written explanation somewhere . 
  oh , i do n't know american politics . 
  whenever politicians say something ignorant , i think that it ca n't get worse than that ... 
  i am always wrong . 
  no , please do n't , we already sick of all reality shows coming to here . 
  as if any of things you mentioned is any way new ? 
  same thing happens all the time , society fluctuates . 
  ok that explains it , so even if it was only 1 match i still get this ? 
  i would like dishonored goty edition and first 2 headhunter dlc for borderlands 2 , if that is ok ? 
  758 , would like dishonored goty edition . 
  i think the game is the cheesiest joke , would love to win so that i could just send it to someone . 
  i do n't know , i 've seen barbarians with battleships and other shit . 
  those guys somehow manage to steal some tech . 
  nah , they use bing . 
  that 's why they have n't caught up in technology . 
  play , get better and you will get out of it . 
  how long it will take will depend on how much effort you will put . 
  if you train your aim , ch placement smokes and other shit , also watch streams of good players , then it will take less time . 
  if you will only play competitive then it will be a bit longer . 
  i got from silver iv to mg in 2-3 months and i could have made it way faster if i had different approach . 
  well it still will take you a week to get out of it . 
  your gameplay will probably improve more from deathmatches and other modes at the moment . 
  wait few hours for sony to confirm this is not true . 
  damn this was frustrating to watch . 
  oh , that one other sport us lithuanians are good at . 
  thanks for a giveaway !, 
  14 year olds these days might not get the joke . 
  those tires are worthless anyway . 
  and slashing them might save someone from an accident . 
  the thing i found weird about smgs is that i often can perform better with it if i 'm having a bad game , so i would then get smg + armor instead of galil/famas and would get several kills that round . 
  often same happens with awp/scout , if i 'm having trouble with riffles , once i grab a sniper i tend to go up and mvp several rounds . 
  i guess i 'm just too inconsistent but this tactic helped me to rise to mg quicker . 
  then you jump on the rocket and fly off to space . 
  god , i was always creeped the hell out by that show . 
  hi , i 'm also new to iphone or apple in general ( got used iphone5 during christmas ) . 
  will i only be able to play music which i buy on itunes or can i get my other music on the phone ? 
  you are now moderator of / r/pingpongyinyang, 
  high difficulty bots are n't that bad . 
  competitive bots are set on a very low setting ( depending on which bot you get also ) . 
  because universe is mahoganist . 
  lube helps with everything . 
  was n't there an episode out this week ? 
  dear / u/zimzilla , i wanted to send you some fucks , but sadly i 'm all out of them and ca n't give any . 
  your friend ,, 
  after cz nerf , quite a lot of people use tec-9 , its an extremely effective pistol . 
  but its true , demand for knife skin is higher than for crappy skin on any gun . 
  for some reason it says app is not compatable with my device . 
  cs : go 1.2 k hr and still noob, 
  path of exile 370 + hours , thinking if i should come play this season, 
  terraria 200 hours ( i know right . . ), 
  skyrim 150hours + ( steam for some reason only shows 124 ), 
  what am i doing with my life . . 
  played it on pc , would not be as fun to play it again ( it is still great game ) . 
  also what is 99p ? 
  master guardian ( was silver 4 , 2 months ago ), 
  are they on sale on apple apps store ? 
  yea i did n't like xcom on pc , more interested in banner saga , just need to wait for money transfer for my freelance work . 
  wow , that looks fucking amazing !, 
  who would not want something like that . 
  whenever i see vac bans with inventory like that i instantly presume they are not only hackers but also scammers . 
  though probably its just an alternative account most of the time . 
  how not to give up . 
  calm down michael bay . . 
  nah , you are weird too , just do n't know that yet . 
  for me it was a bit stressful , i suffer from a bit higher anxiety and i kept thinking i will ruin one or another expensive part . 
  sitting here , reading this comment while eating pizza i made . 
  would love to get it , was planning to come back to poe this season . 
  i thought only siri was that helpful . 
  yep , needs big red pointing arrows . 
  totally missed that . 
  impressed that he still has both arms . . 
  like wtf . . my mind instantly says `` that cant be true ! '', 
  since i live in a place where guns are really not an often seen thing . 
  but then again , america proves that a lot of stupid shit happens when people with weak critical thinking are holding a deadly weapon . 
  yea , i was not implying that your case was in america , i just only expressed that all of similar cases i see is mostly from usa . 
  well you can kinda translate his comment into tips . 
  not for long probably . 
  god damn kim at it again . . 
  he magically attached balloons to a falling doll and saved it . 
  well . . 
  i did not expect while following a cat comment thread to learn a new word . 
  welp . . an / r/wtf post which made me actually say ` what the fuck ' . 
  i can go to sleep now . 
  i broke the dam, 
  baking myself pizza and something for desert , drinking wine and probably watching movie or playing games . 
  ugh this is so stupid , half of those insects are n't even aggressive enough for that fight to be fair . 
  thanks , i was thinking of going to see something else , but now it seems like its a good movie for books fan ? 
  yep . 
  probably best video i saw this week . 
  damn , one of the reasons i 'm glad i do n't live in usa . 
  how the fuck do you manage to eat 78 spoons and forks . . and survive it . 
  i guess some people go to great extent when searching for their talent .
