  or is it stream thing ? 
  i 'm surprised that it has a nice cover like that . 
  i usually manage to screw this smoke up and leave an opening . 
  ( though i never stand near the van , that 's a sure death spot for me ), 
  probably it can be done , just in a bit more controlled way than the op did it . 
  it 's would be a bit risky still since if you miss it it can give some advantage to t. 
  i 've seen similarly bad stuff in mge . 
  you just need to get lucky with what people you get . 
  myself . 
  wait . . what do you mean return game which i bought 6months ago ? 
  i thought you could only return games after less than 2 weeks ? 
  i am thinking about returning brothers , because i do n't have a controller to play it , would that be a good reason ? 
  op is not a bundle of sticks , but 20 upvotes is 20 upvotes . 
  when in game you should rightclick ( maybe you need to hold ctrl or shift , cant recall ) on his name on the scoreboard and there is an option to report him . 
  meh , nothing bad is in the video . 
  how it 's made usually is safe to watch . 
  but it was not really gross or anything , and i think that most people understand that it 's trimmings what goes into them . 
  well yea , i would ask steam wallet credit since there is few games i want out of summer sale . 
  i think majority will settle with steam credit anyway . 
  cs : go has plenty of skins like that , and they are probably even more expensive ( i do n't play cod so ca n't be sure about prices ) . 
  though i guess the fact that we do n't get new cs every year makes it a bit better . 
  is the mcdonalds dollar menu something different from what you get in normal combo menus ? 
  poor guy , how do people not care for their pets enough . 
  flame kick of mad dragon king !, 
  nah , you do n't to click on the steam profile . 
  you can see an option to report in that menu when you click on his name in scoreboard . 
  game is still great and amazing . 
  and you can have tweaks with options to get it similar to what it was . 
  in cs it ranges from few 3 cents for a skin to more than 1k + for some of the rarer knives . 
  those are really really rare . 
  but a lot of knifes are worth 100 + . 
  but it 's all about random chances to get them . 
  you get most of the better skins from crates which you need to open with key you buy ( couple of dollars/euros ) and then you get random weapon from that . 
  you either get shitty skin which is very cheap , a better one or if you are very very lucky you get some of the really good skins . 
  most of the time it 's obviously cheaper to just buy the skin you want from other people . 
  this is called docking , just google it . 
  more like 300 . 
  nah , listen to shia and just do it !, 
  yes and i mentioned that in my comment . . 
  thanks , will need to check that out . 
  i really hope transistor will get a good sale , one of the few games i want , i 'm saving up for witcher 3 , that 's why i hope the transistor sale will be big . 
  $ 5000 pre-built gaming rigs . 
  these seem pretty nice . 
  though hard to tell how it will be in my country . 
  but i 'll probably stick with 280x . 
  though those builds do look cool , when getting mine i had to min-max so got a pretty cheap cooler master case . 
  still had to settle with no ssd , and probably will get new monitor before getting an ssd . 
  yea i hope it will be ~ $ 5 ( though i think it will be closer to 10 ) , i really like the music in the game from few videos i saw . 
  though doubt that i will get the soundtrack since that would cost a bit more . 
  nah , monitor is priority now , mine is pretty darn old , though it has a neat feature that i can watch tv on it from hooked cable . 
  damn i have n't seen this , this is funny !, 
  i think ramsey is still much more despicable person . 
  the `` cultist '' really tortured himself during that whole scene it would seem , and he was left to think that he had no other choice than to do the sacrifice . 
  where ramsey was just batshit crazy and enjoying the torture of others . 
  yea mg was pretty interesting , though after these damn vac waves i went from mg2 to dmg in a week . 
  it 's not like people in dmg have it . 
  yea but chances of getting them are astronomical . 
  that 's why i said they are really really rare ( and that 's why they are expensive ) ,, 
  for whatever reason i though that it would be a real sub . . / r/ofcoursethatdoesnotexist, 
  nah , i just like to do jokes . 
  yea i am thinking on refunding few games who i bought earlier , is there any risk to get my account locked ? 
  so they are cured from all diseases but get mers instead , not sure if it 's a fair trade . 
  nah i 'm ok with getting the steam credits . 
  sale is coming after all . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  that has nothing to do with what my comment said . 
  cool i hope i win this , i enjoyed fallout nv a lot . 
  those bastards , it 's my favorite book !, 
  yea i would have shot there , a lot of the times people hide in the smoke to get behind you too , made me spray that side to be sure quite often . 
  wood is cheap , that 's why they use it . 
  i need it because i am pretty poor student and it would be a great pick me up to grab some games as celebration for defending my bs . 
  final thesis . 
  my favorite game is probably cs : go , and i guess 27596 . 
  yep , no fridges in australia . 
  yea , it 's because fridges attract drop bears . 
  to be honest , i 'm quite impressed by what they managed to do . 
  well you need to make sure you fit the requirements even after changing gear . 
  go over / r/skyrimmods they might help you . 
  replies will be sent by drones . 
  hey , i would love duke nukem : manhatten project , i remember playing it as a kid and had a lot of great time with it , but sadly i do n't have it anymore so i would like to play it again and remember that cool game . 
  that god damn game keeps lagging . 
  and i was starting to enjoy it . 
  it 's impossible to play now . 
  why did bush ? 
  / r/conspiracy !, 
  so i can upgrade it anytime in that year for free ? 
  i want to wait a little bit until enough reviews comes in . 
  glad i made your day better , a comment reply is better than 1000 upvotes anyway . 
  yep , i will probably still grab it , just will wait a bit in case there were pricing bugs or something . 
  dishonored might jerk you around a bit . 
  as i already have a game , i will still try make it better day for you . 
  here is a joke :, 
  what is the clumsiest insect ? 
  the bumbling bee . 
  ricochet 3 confirmed !, 
  but that 's why valve manage to update vac for their detection , because overwatch confirms them quickly and then valve can analyse those people who use the hack ? 
  nice way to get fired . 
  i really hoped that asian dude would totally suck with those katanas and they were someones else . 
  that would have been a bit more entertaining . 
  i have been bouncing from mge to dmg these past 2 weeks .
