  assassins creed - sherlock holmes ( probably would be the first ac game i would buy ), 
  you mean sarah ? 
  when did he kill thea ? 
  top hat has a hidden cannon , duh . . 
  what are you even talking about . . 
  he blamed malcolm for it . 
  thea 's death was mainly to get oliver to become next ra 's al ghoul . 
  yea , the 100 had a lot of redemptions . 
  at least it 's not a big frisbee . 
  so standard procedure during this would be to relax your body as much as you can ? 
  he was a member of the league and overall just crazy , earthquake is not the only killing he has done . 
  at least i 'm not an asshole . 
  and if i like to consider people to be great for small things it makes me a terrible person ? 
  wait . . you mean i need to have so to have kids ? 
  and i thought i could just clone several mini me 's . 
  an apartment . . 
  you eat spiders , no thanks . . 
  spiders are ok for me , since they are small and harmless where i live . 
  for an adult there will always be better things to spend those few grands on , you only buy something like this if you earn a lot , or save up for quite some time . 
  i did mine with 3.5 m i think ( i did unlock 2 mutations and had 1.2 m contributed to each ) . 
  was pretty decent , it would have taken a lot longer to get the same mutagen that i have at this moment . 
  atm i have about 26mil mutagen and still need 150k energy , so by the time i get it to 50k and get that energy filled up i think it will be ok to ascend . 
  probably will not have enough to unlock 3rd mutation though . 
  the important activities , like masturbating . 
  portfolios , so that you could retire , also creating proper safety net fund also could take time . 
  does not stop you thinking about securing yourself a future . 
  yea i currently have meat and hatchery mutation so next would be the bat one . 
  graphene is like real life version of unobtanium , its freaking amazing what can be done with it , but we ca n't get enough of it . 
  where the hell is there a wine and spirits class ? 
  is it for becoming sommelier or something ? 
  seems like everyone are already drunk even before the cake . 
  not sure which is weirder , the video itself , or the way it was explained at the start . . 
  damn , the realism in this game is pretty deep !, 
  it was too late by the time i realized i should . 
  we ca n't be sure until we ask him the question . 
  sorry , that 's for tumblr . . 
  just a tip , if you see a friendly looking fox which is not afraid of humans in the wild , careful , it 's very likely that it 's rabies or some shit . 
  is this the next season of the following ? 
  plot is the best disguise for a superhero/villain . 
  damn . . 
  they canceled forever ?? 
  also , good thing they announced they are canceling the messengers so early , can stop watching now because it will go nowhere . 
  this was all a spell of that kid . 
  well but cap is a `` meta '' since he has super strength and agility . 
  well , at least not rule 34 . 
  expected way worse . . 
  well this time its a pub , so this ad will attract their target customer . 
  this is straight out of civilization , they will not stop . 
  well duh , major companies reside in us and this law will make them capable of abusing other countries where they want to export . 
  well they will still release sps or whatever functions they will want to sell . 
  i do n't know , a guy doing this would be pretty amazing too . 
  is it one of those new modern russian tanks which broke down at the repetition for the parade ? 
  copperhead, 
  literal death grip . . 
  i think that it is the same in many countries , heck especially latin . 
  nerf bizon pls volvo !, 
  damn you can get funny aces with that thing . 
  pre-order content done correctly i guess . 
  also . . there are new games with demos ? 
  he did a reverse michael jackson . 
  took me some time to get it . . 
  they want men . . 
  japan only wants octopusmen, 
  at the end it seems like she went to finish the job ? 
  you can always do the reverse meme from the girls perspective . 
  if only . . 
  so the new animated movies follow new 52 ? 
  ca n't wait for this to be a thing , i might reread the books during summer to remember the childhood . 
  he will address him as batman . 
  barry was pretty armature during that fight , he barely had any control . 
  rf has years of experience , superior intellect to probably all of them too . 
  he seems like one of the people you should not take a photo of . 
  scorpion wins . . your heart !, 
  once you are drunk , you do n't really care . 
  bettlejuice !, 
  i guess it did n't wo, 
  maybe people thought he was a hobo begging for money ? 
  i would kick it , hopefully no one will be in front of me or else the defense in court would be tricky . 
  you like burning at the stake do n't you ? 
  well its not mothers day in uk as far as i understand . 
  this holiday date differs a lot between countries . 
  it would be hard with mouse like that , you have to make engine sounds every time you use it . . 
  they will ride the pigs into battle !, 
  you will rule pigs with pigs . 
  thiis is russia !, 
  it had pretty big spoiler . 
  good thing that i decided to go and see ultron . 
  with a rule that they have to have war between each other . 
  we all must agree that the true winner was sjin 's plague . 
  i think he meant that pigs are ruled by swines . . 
  the barbs he was spawning were pretty out dated though . 
  this is also representative of one of the most annoying thing in anime . . 
  well its europe . 
  thats hestia from anime danmachi , for people who wants some science . 
  though tbh , i kinda enjoy this anime , might be because there are n't any good ones this season . 
  the fanservice is very strong in this one though . . 
  i do n't know man . . 
  it seems like the pet trained its owner pretty well . 
  her beauty pales in front of merkel or lithuanian president . . 
  whats so redneck about it ?
