  damn dude , you are awesome !, 
  hopefully whoever wins will enjoy the game !, 
  thanks for supporting the community !, 
  have you tried , i do n't know , reading a book ? 
  * my uranium rod is tingly . 
  well , it is not like waiting for 1 day will change much . 
  meh , i am planning on staying here for a bit longer than you noobs !, 
  1667 thanks for a chance . 
  7645 , i wonder what made you think of this number . 
  2/14/1985 hopefully i made you younger . 
  dear overlord ai please pick me !, 
  all hail skynet !, 
  898 , thanks for being so nice !, 
  this has been reposted so many times . . 
  pretty much several times a week . . 
  it sees what you do when you take them off . 
  thats a dangerous place to keep your headset on . 
  do not make the same mistake as i did . 
  well i liked both infinite and skyrim , hopefully i will enjoy f4 when i get it . 
  we do n't know if it 's closed set , he might be fucked at 90 too !, 
  damn , i do n't have a controller , hopefully it 's not too bad , and i usually play for the story . 
  he loves the 2 sigma risk . 
  want to build a super ai which would rule us all together ? 
  lets call it netsky . 
  you bring beer , i bring bad ideas . 
  how do we know it 's not a tiny apple ? 
  we need si measurement unit like banana in there . 
  no no no my friend , with beer all ideas become good !, 
  i thought people do that after each patch ? 
  for an ai humans are resources . 
  now i am trying to imagine bethesda making ac game in post apocalyptic world . 
  referance : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn1vxamejru, 
  * ship landing sites, 
  doctor who ? 
  his facial expressions were perfect . 
  i still have styrofoam shrapnel stuck inside my chest . 
  oh fuck this was funny ... well played my friend . 
  they are kinda opposite . 
  i am hoping to run it on ultra on my 280x and i5-4570 , maybe few taxing options down to low like godrays , my monitor is not full 1080p so i might pull it off . 
  well the ring motherships of our true gods would probably be able to use it . 
  hallowed are the ori !, 
  then again we on csgo ca n't really compete in patches . 
  all of that are lies , ori can not be defeated by evil forces like ancients or tauri . 
  do n't forget tanks !, 
  damn you were on some weird ass drugs !, 
  we know . . 
  maybe its about % of episodes they were in ? 
  gary was in pretty much every episode . 
  would be cool if instead of blood you would see some rainbow liquid stuff . 
  wait , so i should n't spend my level up points on rising charisma or other stats i missed out during start ? 
  anyone could suggest good spoiler free videos/reviews ? 
  i am away from my pc and cant play fallout but i need to get my fix . 
  yes vodka works well for that too , you just have to apply it to feet and then drink some . 
  come one , we both know gary was the most essential person in sg-c . 
  beer ^ ^ tm, 
  heck even without being melee character i sometimes accidentally click alt and throw a nade at friendly npc 's , luckily no casualties yet . 
  i wish i was joking . 
  yea free kills because of stuck monsters is pretty much the only bug i have . 
  pretty annoying but does not happen often . 
  they ca n't all be dank . 
  but he is the scarecrow , randomly putting jets into peoples pockets and scaring them . 
  damn , now i am worried about turning my pc today ... all i want is to play some fo4 and not to deal with bs like this . . 
  ca n't people sue microsoft for this ? 
  so is it ok to spend lvl up points on specials ? 
  it also has to be done in computerized voice ran trough auto-tune . 
  yea , it was one of those shows which always brightened your day even if you were down . 
  there are little of those left these days . 
  damn , so i could use my almost identical memory of csgo maps for this ? 
  i guess all the time spent on the game is not wasted !, 
  also since you answered my question , should i just dump all my junk items into workbench ? 
  will it be safe there , or should i somehow break them down ? 
  well that is kinda true if by size you mean mass . 
  yea i have a blast with the game , the only problems i had is monsters getting stuck and having fps drops in some places . 
  both of which happened in tw3 too . . 
  there might be problems with some parts since you need them to withstand temperatures which were used to craft them . 
  motors probably are also hard to print . 
  but people will probably find a way . 
  or have it need as little pre-made parts as possible ( well there are already printers like this , they print big chunk of what it needs and you just add non-printable parts ) . 
  it also introduces 34 new ones . 
  well idk mate , this at least made me smile , it probably will make some other people smile too , what 's the fucking harm then ? 
  i find reddit a very easy place to be open while being with terrible social anxiety . 
  i tried at least 5 times hoping that it would work . . 
  such a troll thing to add . 
  oh damn , i am not the only one i guess . . 
  i bet vlad hypnotized op to make him think that it is his pet . 
  yea but what matters more is the per-capita numbers . 
  of course it does not give two shits , but you ca n't expect china to lower their emissions when they produce 3 times less per capita than others . 
  sustaining population and lowering emissions is not an easy task when people are emerging from poverty . 
  if it was that easy us would also have few times lower emissions . 
  patty is lash ? 
  like an opposite of cat . 
  are you some kind of joke leech ? 
  there is one about rears . 
  that would be stupid , the correct thing to do is to hoard all magazines !, 
  i am just dumping drugs to her , thinking that this has to converge to something . 
  it 's a post apocalyptic world do n't judge me !, 
  where do you keep your sweetrolls ? 
  wait , you do n't have camera on all the time ? 
  in what faction do you become leader of it after pretty much first mission ? 
  well the whole leader of minuteman thing was not too bad and it kinda made sense .
