  playing during day is very annoying . 
  now i know that you lie . 
  or you are the toxic one in your team . 
  well there is a reason that she is a model . . 
  i do n't know man , free lemons from a god are pretty cool . 
  you can start a lemon party or something . 
  lack of punctuation makes my head hurt . 
  well . 
  this is a shitty post . 
  politicians talking . 
  come on after being reuploaded this much this gif probably lost too much of the original information . 
  there might indeed be a visible glass in there in the original . 
  more than that , after seeing his post i really want pizza . . and it is too late to bake one . 
  not only that , the kid is taken from another video/gif and edited in . 
  i accept these bad rats , 6698 !, 
  i thought it was sandstorm directed by darude ? 
  i guess that 's why you do n't read replies . 
  now make this generate power !, 
  plot twist , women exterminated all males and left 1000 purely as slaves for reproduction . 
  sounds not too bad but i bet it might be quite tough . 
  yea getting milked like a cow by machines is scary . 
  but i guess life could be worse . 
  i am not talking about women . 
  this does not make sense . 
  number of women is the same and demand for tampons would stay the same . 
  i am pretty sure they would be able to operate the factories and to buy all of them out you would need a lot of capital . 
  with just buying tampons and selling for 1.5 x you would be undercut by new production . 
  well but is n't the point of this question to think about it ? 
  but i guess fantasy is fun too , just hard to imagine it when you think critically . 
  what if i want to bingewatch all seasons of buffy for educational purpose ? 
  it 's too late , it seems like he fed it after midnight . 
  i too die if i get up earlier than 9am . 
  how the fuck can you fail at noticing big red truck with lights and sirens . . 
  tbh , i recently used modern ( kinda ) push reel mower at my grandparents and it was way easier than any of motorized ones i used . 
  you tend to have way more control with it . 
  and what is the point of this trashy comment ? 
  you do n't like the content then downvote it . 
  that 's how content is filtered here after all . 
  na na na na na na na na batter !, 
  what do you even mean :, 
  `` leaving a comment saying `` this content should not be upvoted '' means that maybe there are other people with common sense out there who 'll see the comment , and downvote the content . '', 
  if they did not like the content then they already downvoted it or ignored it , so your post will not change that . 
  if people liked and upvoted the content , then antagonizing them will not help persuade them to do something opposite of what they felt . 
  even if she is deaf , it is still a big fucking truck , you ca n't really be blinded by the sun enough to miss that ( and if you are you should not be driving ) . 
  legends say , that if you find someone like that and complete the puzzle , you gain all of his wisdom and skills . 
  say what ? 
  you realize that this gif is on the top of / r/wtf ? 
  him an thousands of other youtubers . 
  do you think everyone works at the same hours/sleeps at the same time ? 
  well now i try to imagine john cena fighting cell . 
  cena would represent mr. satan quite well . 
  we will slowly turn into goa'uld . 
  well he did star in a big movie and is a model , i do n't think he has trouble finding work . 
  like when you look at this you see very nice dogs who has loving owners . 
  but probably you would get tons of people who are ignoring them and not giving them proper attention , those dogs would probably be harder to deal with . 
  though i am just speculating since i did not do any work like that . 
  the problem is that you might not get to have any actual sex , just attached to machines who does all necessary work to get what they need . 
  it 's not the willy which makes it work . 
  you have to drop the balls . 
  says the ~ ~ silver ~ ~ mg . 
  unicorns horn was up . 
  i do n't know man , we will be able to choose cool names like apophis or ra . 
  but you can say that about anyone . . 
  no i am simply saying that the fact that you are not being able to have an office job does not mean you ca n't find any job and be successful . . 
  most employers will judge anyone . 
  that 's kinda their job . 
  same here , do people walk around in their home with shoes which they walk around outside with ? 
  i am thinking about trying it out but i have not played any of the mgs games , would that make me lack context when experiencing story ? 
  well i usually play games for the story . 
  and i ended up high chaos on my dishonored run so i might not be cut out for stealth . 
  tell that to our glorious leader . 
  denmark probably . 
  that cat with a shell is the best . 
  well obviously the countries which benefit the most are keen on that . 
  i usually buy the cd brand of cup holders for my pc . 
  this would be actually be great if it would alterate with other bs things like `` chemtrails controls your mind '' , or `` earth is actually flat '' . 
  `` folks , we are going to land here in the desert for a moment , need to get high to fly high . '', 
  i am pretty sure that modern engines are quite a bit different from what they were 20-40 years ago . 
  would not call them outdated . 
  they tend to be useful . 
  spoons and forks , why do we need them when we have vastly sporks ? 
  well that is one way to shut someone up . 
  i wonder what they were arguing about . 
  they might perform same functions but they do not have same qualities . 
  functions are also not that well defined since candles provide several of them . 
  that 's because most of the time if something is widely used it is probably not outdated , but has different qualities than something which is modern . 
  the cat is just borrowing the dish to communicate with the mothership . 
  one kick in the head and you can say goodbye to living . 
  sometimes you get news about that happening . 
  659 [ steam ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/wizylt/ ), 
  i think that op failed to mention that vodka is antidote to everything . 
  wait ... you went to the vet ? 
  what gmo has to do with this ? 
  thanks fellow member of make-a-woosh foundation . 
  9863 , thanks for chance . 
  well , seems like natural selection works as usual . 
  wait what ? 
  really ? 
  somehow that does not seem plausible , can any americans confirm/deny this ? 
  this is sparta !,
