  how is this announcement ? 
  im curious , what build did you use ? 
  want to try it but have n't played the class so no idea how to build it . 
  5 . die in a horrible explosion, 
  we already knew there is an end . 
  it seems that we are being placed to us instances, 
  some of the eu isps have been having troubles these past days it seems , ive got unusually large ms on cs : go also, 
  or he photoshoped the picture because he wanted to create market shock, 
  i have a lots of empirical evidence that thats incorrect . 
  also this was a joke , so either you are too ignorant to understand that or you are just an usual reddit troll . 
  what is n't these days . . 
  thats why poe is better , if you die - whole party shouts reeep , if any1 else die - whole party shouts reeep . 
  f2p , over influenced by streamers , not that hard to learn and very forgiving if you fail ( just start another mach ) . 
  these tend to keep the hyped , under-average intelligence and unstable people who would quit the game and move elsewhere otherwise . 
  all of them are worth good money because a lot of builds rely on 6 linked gems which allows you to add such non dmg gems like life leech and stuff . 
  as a 22 year old writing econometrics `` paper '' i concur . 
  well trains still take more time i guess . 
  it really depends on the subject , this year there is so much shit to do that you have only few days when you can relax . 
  especially into the nose ... 
  in some airlines they do that . 
  so satan is walking among us for a year now ? 
  sounds fun , though do n't know if worth dev 's work . 
  thats not entirely on programmers shoulders , there are other steps in game/other development which takes time ( and money ofc ) . 
  well , most void races already have increased number of gems you get and you have no need to keep them so new type of gems would n't make much sense in void race . 
  well you might as well try ziggyd ek scion build as he put quite some effort into it and it seems ok for beginner . 
  or just go to forums and find something what takes your attention . 
  dont kill any of fucking brute minions ... 
  he gets stronger the more minions die . 
  mine scion suffered when he took corrupt blood , damn lags . 
  well at least at low levels its ok . 
  i was wondering , should i avoid corrupt blood entirely ? 
  its a bit more complicating than buying more bandwidth ... 
  they would have enough money for that . 
  i died from energy shield and fast one + there was another rare next to him . 
  as long as balls are warm it does n't matter.imho, 
  the one where he shoots 2 balloons is way more amazing . 
  welp , not australia so they are safe . 
  `` who 's oscar , is he good looking ? '', 
  wtf suit with logos ? 
  am i only one who thinks that 's weird ? 
  probably same as being / r/gonewild moderator . 
  definatelly before that show , might be mythbusters . 
  exactly , notice board for trading would help the economy a lot , even if there was no spam on party notice board it seems that game is lacking that . 
  for me it would be more comfortable to check notice board for items than exiting game and going to forums or surfing trade rooms . 
  well he does n't really tell anything wrong about it , it all depends on the subjective definition of winning . 
  for some people winning is getting best gear , for others it is reaching max level , for third type - it is getting most race points and etc. 
  so athene in this case fits the first group . 
  bashing on him because of his opinion is quite stupid , even i , who does n't like most of his videos , think that . 
  i only wished he would make more vids on serious topics because he is quite smart person when he does n't troll and try to earn that charity money . 
  yep , simpler way for currency exchange would be useful , but that might give botters more power . 
  well dps depends on attack speed so its as important i would guess . 
  similar thing happened to me , amazing how such thing didi n't change me at all but made bullies a bit careful before they try do to something again . 
  as someone who could n't afford real ones , these were the best . 
  psst , / r/games is the place to be . 
  `` i have no idea what to do with my hands '', 
  yep , baby blood . 
  why is it stupid ? 
  it has sentimental meaning and thats all that matters in tattoos . 
  they a bit ruined the character so it might be a good change . 
  or it was the evil stewie . 
  best thing i saw on the internet today !, 
  that was exactly my goal . 
  ouch lightning . 
  most people delete characters anyway on standard , he just didint mind wasting few mins to give gear away . 
  ugh dont remind me that the show is over :(, 
  im pretty sure thats an eagle , pigeons are blue . 
  damn , sisyphus has it tough . . 
  gods these days are too cruel . 
  welp i guess ill have to ask my neighbor kryptonian . 
  fake , no maple syrup . 
  black, 
  yea i once threw snowball at uncle , accidentally hit aunt , and i did n't check if it was ice before throwing ... it was, 
  thats why you hide a keyloger on parents computer . 
  sounds like true american from those times . 
  sale ends at dec 3 ? 
  hl3 confirmed, 
  damn if only i could uprade my normal skyrim to legendary without buying dlc separately . . 
  meh i would buy dishonored if i had a good pc :d, 
  again nothing i would want/my pc could handle . 
  isnt that how humans do it too ? 
  some of them are not what they seem to be !, 
  yea i also think that it would be fun to be there one time . 
  damn captcha solving ai , t1000 materials , its all happening !, 
  didint his memory get wiped after he left at end of dotd ? 
  he is holding a barrel of the ship he just sank with his bare hands . 
  ugh nothing i would want this time again ... my pc couldnt handle witcher 2 probalby, 
  ok math student here , this is what math can do : firs of all , all the rar processes , jpeg and other compressions rely on probability theory ( or number theory , not sure about translation ) . 
  also our economy would n't function that great without math because we couldnt create models which would allow us to do central banks and tax main job - to stabilize economy . 
  thats only subjects i study so its just a small portion of its use . 
  the main thing about math is that it can be applied anywhere in science and real world . 
  modern science could n't properly function without math . 
  i would like farcry 3 blood dragon , played the normal fc3 at friends house and loved it , and this one has even a more appealing setting for me . 
  incandescent, 
  575 shelter, 
  wtf is the point on having your language studies homework done ? 
  you will never learn it that way ... 
  considering getting dragon age origins , is this the first one ( the good one ) ? 
  was it on any bundles or cheaper ? 
  well even though it was badly received i really enjoyed the story of the second dragon age , so bought this one , had 10 spare euros from selling cs : go items . 
  its similar to bioshock infinite problem ( though different scale ) , i enjoyed the story but gameplay was bland , level design had a lot of repetition and etc.
