  i am not sure in what social circle you usually spend your time , but in academic field that is currently what is the case . 
  my frogs would have devoured them before they got anywhere close . 
  those guys eat everything . 
  heck i raised few of small ones from the eggs i collected from my tank ( wondered if i could do it , first time tadpoles died out , second time it went fine ) , and i decided to let them into my aquarium when they were about 5cm long , did not see them in the morning . . 
  i think that mine would survive nuclear apocalypse and would end up being apex predators . 
  how else will i deal with this ugly world ? 
  i there are a lot of reasons why gpd per capita is better measurement . 
  you kinda taking into account the efficiency this way instead of pure power . 
  kinda if you have 100 trucks pull 100t weight and 10 trucks pull 20t . 
  sure in first one you will move more , but at the same time the potential would be larger if it followed the 2nd model . 
  maybe this is a bad analogy , but i do n't know how else to describe a simple thing of gdp per capita comparison . 
  phew , at least on 2 things i am different from him . 
  it is definitely more suited for / r/cringe, 
  both at the same time are talented and not talented . 
  it is like schrodinger 's comment . 
  wait so i am not supposed to hear music in crucial life events ? 
  you ca n't fail in life with that level of confidence . 
  or everyone who did not find the joke funny thought this response would be funny without reading comments ? 
  you usually want only dedicated people during alpha . 
  this made me realize i never watched labyrinth . 
  can someone explain ? 
  i get lost with all of them . 
  this is kinda scary . 
  i was wondering why one of my rooms was good for molerat farming . . 
  one of those heels who annoyed me the most . 
  well uck this ucking letter , the irst time i use it will be the time i die . 
  what about highway to hell during funereal ? 
  i usually play the first week and go back to poe . 
  for some reason d3 just gets boring fast . 
  not 9 new classes but in total ~ ~ 18 ~ ~ 19 new subclasses . 
  so you get ~ ~ 18 ~ ~ 19 subclass trees ( they depend on your base class , some classes gets more some less ) . 
  and then after finishing each difficulty you get 2 points to put into those new trees ( well you choose 1 ) . 
  edit : screwed up the number a bit . 
  `` do you believe in god ? '', 
  it was not a remake , just some balance changes . 
  we also got talisman system , which has some issues but it is fun , and the point of league is to test it . 
  come on , you do n't need to test waters about that topic on reddit , no one will break your arms over it . 
  big feet and large socks ? 
  well smoking it is still bad . 
  depends on how you play softcore , i usually play softcore ( but on temp leagues ) because i do n't have that much time and i want to reroll when i want to , not when i die because of stupid mistake . 
  i still end up making several characters because there are a lot of builds i want to try . 
  would it matter that much when inflating it is super easy ? 
  it is not designed for you to sleep trough whole evening . 
  like the second time he asked was exactly to check if he would say the same name . 
  why else would you do that ? 
  and he missed it . 
  i guess under stress shit happens . 
  gratz , you officially are not blind !, 
  it 's china . 
  etiquette is very advanced over there . 
  and karaoke . 
  the only high score you do n't want to beat . 
  i would prefer psycho-pass one , this one is probably way more inaccurate and slow . 
  nah , jar jar just did not give him an order yet . 
  shit like this is why people buy lotteries . 
  during my econ analysis lectures we talked about risk lovers and risk averse people . 
  but in reality some people are just too stupid to understand probabilities . 
  yea but comment chain after it might become unrelated to the deleted comment so removing them makes no sense . 
  it is still good to get different opinion . 
  who says they have n't ? 
  song looks like was intended to make strings snap . 
  they turn yellow pretty quickly , it helps to keep them fresh a bit longer . 
  or when you open skype . . 
  took me way too long to notice this was a gif . . 
  well that will definitely dry the hair quick . 
  most people do n't define alcohol as drug when they say they do n't do drugs , same thing with coffee . 
  fuck you for getting the melody stuck in my head . . 
  yes , you are literally the only one out of 7 billion people who dislikes them . 
  i am mathematician , so i just used intuition . 
  keep that pussy coffee , i drink my black , strong and without sugar . 
  yea , this way you can attach a bionic leg with lasers and missiles . 
  yea i found that this way i was able to cut my potato chips consumption significantly ( not that i ate unhealthy amount of them , i just like them but i decided that i like money more . ), 
  so now instead of seeing a discount on chips i can just say to myself that i will get it at weekend and it helps to push away from them . 
  well it was not a true monstermath so some people might downvote because of this difference in opinion . 
  but he is in positives now so it is all fine . 
  well we all know that lewis ca n't go without cheating , if only cheat police would still be a thing . 
  how is your company ? 
  that 's how purge starts . 
  what can i do for you to get rid of mine ? 
  i turned captions on , but it made it even more confusing . . 
  so will this mean that these rockets will need to be quite bigger since you need additional fuel ( and additional fuel to carry that fuel ) ? 
  `` because that 's how life is '', 
  this was deep . 
  all fun and game until the bear decides to scrach your back back . 
  tracks how much you have walked in game . 
  were you looking in america ? 
  i know of at least one person who made that mistake . 
  i do n't really care about skin color , i was just making a joke . 
  not even going to read those weird articles . 
  think of all the diseases , he would definitely put dirty needles there . 
  if you are doing it , at least do it with class . 
  might pick pillars of eternity or darkest dungeon since they always interested me but keep putting buying them off . 
  this actually gave me an idea of a dog toy . 
  attack a ball with rope to a spring/elastic band and attach that to wall . 
  dog will entertain itself . 
  obviously this is just the idea of it , the real life one would probably need to be a bit different so that it would work nice . 
  just google images of blue waffle and you will see some waffles . 
  what happens when you put peanut butter all over your rocket ? 
  well tbh in europe a bikini baristas would probably be wearing a bit more and not just tape their tits . 
  seems like they are trying a bit too hard .
