hitler considered asians higher race too , so theory is wrong . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  she wasnt just grinding, 
  isnt this the scene from the end in pic ? 
  before she stabs she is on top, 
  wow , didint know ice breaks physics, 
  well i dont know any alternatives ( though would like to try some other packs ) so yea i kinda like it , sad that its outdated . 
  ill check it out , thnx, 
  he was dying ? 
  so kinda makes sence to do something crazy, 
  and i have these frogs as a pet , huh, 
  what about rarely talking for a year and then loosen up , you would already have good amount and experienced in self control, 
  its not about doing better , but about doing on highly cheaper price . 
  same thing happens to india and the it outsourcing . 
  i always thought this was like a time bandits reference , but maby its just me . 
  thinking about drinking that boiling water gives me shiver . but i guess as a student i do n't have any other choices . 
  hi , i would like to buy 1 diabetes . 
  this sounds like some kind of disease : /, 
  its a trap !, 
  i guess goku has new hobby . 
  and star wars should be in a galaxy far far away . 
  string theory based multiverse means totally different thing than you probably are thinking about . 
  well the pronunciation can be same as that , but its written omelette au formage , if you say it fast enough it can be heard as du formage . 
  im going to have weird nightmares tonight . 
  its not about pronouncing au its about the connection of the words in fast pronounciation . 
  quantum multiverse creates a lot of paradoxes ( a lot of math problems arises ) , but who knows , we still know very little about any of those things . 
  as bad as the vampire hunter was , i still enjoyed it . 
  cant wait till i get to watch the normal one . 
  those quotation marks . 
  ugh i only read the second one wrong , something must be wrong with me . 
  0.25 $ for karma , interesting :d, 
  so birthday was a success ? 
  looks more like kitting . 
  are these hoverboots ? 
  you sir just broke the internet . 
  dear usa , thanks for global warming . 
  there 's too much pressure , i cant take it , i have to vent !, 
  that symbol means sun, 
  sorry thats not possible , soon we will be all trapped in path of exile . 
  we are already all in cutthroat league, 
  im currently going completely different way with templar ( building a sceptre + shield build caster ) , so my current build looks like http://www.pathofexile.com/passive-skill-tree/aaaaaguabvsqarrnku8wlzdhoypfr0bxxczgbwusfvocm4m4hx2ozj2aogc1blagtvrfit3z5clvfpaf96y=, 
  this is a bit outdated , current issues as i understood are having a different cause . 
  might be , though scepter has spell based stats too , and allows me to have some versatility to use noncaster skills in tough situations, 
  good old rct , they dont make such games anymore . 
  coincidence that you decided to repost it ? 
  agree , and in general , the voice acting is kinda good , sad that i skipped most of it until act 3 . 
  signed : not-a-cockroach ( had to add this somehow ), 
  only if you want to become flat, 
  ( all jokes aside , quite interesting achievement , and really usefull ), 
  hmm that sums up how i imagine americans there :d, 
  it would in theory allow them to observe particles which is usually hard to detect, 
  yea the tornados seem scary as we never have those , the only extremes we have is temp going down to -35 c in winter, 
  a place most ppl do n't know called lithuania, 
  i think its the world who does n't know how to wear it !, 
  because fibonacci is way better !, 
  exactly , they do n't sell volume they sell the weight ... 
  this trick is used a lot of times it appears , on this occasion he didi n't know how to hide it . . 
  release the krak ... um ... the butterfly !, 
  oh my fucking good , they almost caught a ninja !!, 
  more like fusion reactor . 
  talking to npc , listening to quest dialog gives some insight into the lore , though still there are a lot of gaps . 
  yea this could be useful, 
  i guess the catostrophy is starting , viva la cat-volution !, 
  spot the gays !, 
  ( i know , terrible joke ), 
  well , that 's kinda accurate . 
  what a strange transformer . . 
  he did n't get the role because batman would have lost . 
  wow , it took you only 2 month to see that the book is upside down , someone with ocd would notice that in few milliseconds . 
  well , you should usually read those textbooks in your free time . 
  meh , lance should be nominated for oscars . 
  i think the spider tried to kill her !, 
  i think this his how pure happiness looks . 
  as for this being a repost , its first time i 'm seeing it , so for me its new . 
  i dont get it , can someone explain ? 
  laser pointer could be useful there . 
  i think redditing on those would be cool . 
  wow , now imagine this with those good 3d projectors in a horror house with lights flickering and each time making weeping angel closer . 
  poor tortoise , doubt he likes being held off the ground . 
  and here i was , thinking talking is an action . 
  is n't it already death ? 
  i think getting snaped means when you get pushed from a roof ? 
  so this is how ww3 will start . 
  hi , could you help me with hardcore bow ranger ? 
  where should i farm , what skill points i should focus on ? 
  first time going on hardcore so a bit scary . 
  current build is only lvl 13 , so i got abit of points already added ( http://www.pathofexile.com/passive-skill-tree/aaaaagiaadeilhmonzjoyjunokcv68si037tg_t4 ), 
  was thinking on going for the life points , but not sure if that 's what i should go for . 
  yea im at this point using rain of arrows + fire arrow for focusing down 1 target . 
  what about some tips on how to survive , i 'm doing hardcore for my fist time so i 'm sure ill die before reaching second difficulty . 
  all beware of hypnodog !, 
  and how is that in any way practical ? 
  did the priest die ? 
  i want to know how this ends . 
  i think thats a guy driving to have sex . 
  nothing could stop him . 
  well , actually according to nature procreation  survival ( on male side ) . 
  mountain would go and revenge ? 
  seems like some amature fishers who doesnt know how to use shockers, 
  now to go on a journey to find inspector # 202 ?
