  op does , he have his claw on your neck forcing you to write this ? 
  should we send help ? 
  it was everywhere in early 90s . 
  the problem is that its a problem not only in parties , it happens a lot near shrines and strongboxes . 
  the lag in parties makes the game pretty much impossible to enjoy . 
  this is one of the main reasons i have not bought any points in a while , it makes me quit the game after playing for few weeks after every league . 
  ca n't really support a game which does not improve their performance since launch . 
  they have very big keyboards . 
  who knows , he did an ama https://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/3fvmw0/im_a_10_month_user_with_over_5_million_combined/ . 
  that sounds similar to throat singing . 
  porn was the reason universe was created by horny aliens . 
  well it did not take that long for mr.robot to come out , not as big gap as something like supergirl . 
  does not really work that well , i 've had quite a few buddies quit because the progress in the game is just too unbalanced . 
  so why do n't you take the task up , and create a non profit organization which would make deals with those shops who throws stuff out , to gather it and redistribute it ? 
  it 's difficult , but it is not impossible , but since you only like to complain and not act , you will not try to do anything about it . 
  and it 's always only withing 4 years !, 
  i am lithuanian . 
  can confirm , that 's a snow monkey . 
  their natural habitat is mostly our parliament . 
  yea but now for a lot of people `` ok this map content is just unreasonably balanced , i guess this is the end of the game for me '' . 
  a lot of people seem to be quitting the game now . 
  my friend list is basically a wasteland now . . 
  because i do n't need to , where i live most of the big store chains are already donating all the leftover food . 
  how is it like being a grill on the interwebs ? 
  nobel peace prize to that guy !, 
  `` my people needs me '', 
  well lets be honest here , wind turbines need maintenance and they do break . 
  it would probably not be able to spin for thousand years even with constant maintenance . 
  no we ca n't take it out of equation ... 
  maintenance differ on a lot of aspects and it is a big factor in cost ( environmental and resource based ) . 
  good thing that not all people are like that . 
  i msged guy about belly of the beast which had no price , and he said a price which was pretty low for the rolls ( not very low but got almost an exalt cheaper ) . 
  no it will not clear up anything , drops are only small part of the problem . 
  unless you are uber tanky ( build like playing hc ) you will not be having fun running 74 + maps where a lot of stuff can 1 burst you . 
  a lot of people have been leaving the game , they are bound to listen . 
  we are closer to rocket league than i thought !, 
  i would love to run lvl74 maps but those bosses and random act4 rares just screw me over so much that i just do n't progress anywhere while running them . 
  leveling a character is not the big issue in the game , gearing them up is what takes most of the time ( be it trading , farming or crafting ) . 
  no , you sell them waiting for price drop . 
  book is a good anaesthetic , just need to wack on the head hard enough . 
  what if they are ninja teenager turtle mutants ? 
  ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ reminding ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ hell, 
  damn did not expect it to be this close . 
  you think that video from someone dead would show up on internet so fast ? 
  yea and it is expected that everyone in 1km radius from explosion are dead . 
  top comment on https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3gr1bh/huge_explosion_reported_in_chinese_port_city_of/ would suggest that it might be way worse . 
  he ca n't be that bad , he killed hitler after all . 
  yea fps is pretty crappy , dropping all over the place , msi 280x , i5-4570 . 
  noticed that poison effects causes a lot of the problems ( especially near master mission zone entrances ) . 
  also the fps drops happens a lot of the times without capping my gpu . 
  white rose . 
  just to fuck our minds . 
  that sounds like something completely false , then again i do n't know anything about dom . 
  for me i enjoyed sg more than bsg ( did not watch a lot of treks ) purely because the whole exploration aspect is what i wanted from it . 
  also the fact that the human civilization advanced from normal stuff to spaceship battles in the span of the show was cool . 
  that 's why i kinda like dark matter and killjoys , they kinda have the emotional moments , but overall they are pretty happy series . 
  is story good in it ? 
  for me it was `` 10 % is small , waiting for sale and getting fo4 instead '' . 
  since they do n't offer any preorder bonuses i can just wait . 
  interesting way to protect your car from idiots who ca n't brake . 
  will be interesting to read it in 20 years when it comes out . 
  well we are playing at 1fps often so it feels similar . 
  hey hold on , maybe constant fps drops are a feature ? 
  it helps with finding shrines and vaal zones . 
  mother cat just does not want her kid whoring out for some video views . 
  i could not tell if that 's how it should be or not without the title . 
  for me it just looked like some compressed compost or animal dung . 
  bear gets shot . 
  i would watch a lot more sports if commentating was like that . 
  you clearly have not been sailing and have little knowledge about the sport . 
  seems like i only use nesquik made by them , and i barely drink it . 
  did i mention wrestling by even a margin ? 
  damn i loved that movie !, 
  the movie ? 
  hard to punch stuff effectively when being underwater . 
  cool 4 vac banned from my last week games , 1 ow banned . 
  that 's why i always have jet fuel prepared . 
  creates a question , how bad is he without cheats . 
  i keep my profile private and have no avatar . 
  if i have a good game then instantly they claim that one of those 2 things makes me hacker/smurf ( i am bad at this game so that makes it even more hilarious ) . 
  but the pass literally adds no gameplay . . 
  reminds me of those walrus ( iirc ) comments on youtube . 
  he is not impressed by such a small bribe . 
  i usually do n't too , but it 's hard to be sympathetic to fascists . 
  i know i am one of the rare ones , and i did like both movies , but i liked the machine a bit more . 
  you should see a doctor . 
  yea if there are no apparent physical cause on around the leg it must be caused by something else , and brain is one of the main contenders . 
  well yea but fascists are part of the problem . 
  interesting , 1.5 % heat loss an hour sounds pretty amazing . 
  op has fusion powered pc . 
  he said england , not canada . 
  you are right , i am not from usa so did same math i would do on celsius . 
  wait so i now have an easy way to rise an satan minion army ? 
  come on , the joker is all of those 3 and more . 
  that was an epic way to get out of the `` for me !? 
  when i had mine removed i only had local anesthesia and i was fine , though i only had 1 removed so maybe if i needed all 4 they would put me under sleep ( doubt that ) . 
  he did not save the movies so how can he save us ? 
  whiskey is a spirit . 
  that 's because non of them were dentist . 
  something what runs in charley sheens blood .
