  he surely has more than one car . 
  like i would never be able to do a food fight like that , people must have put a lot of work into those bakings and then you end up destroying it . . 
  so many mixed emotions in those faces . 
  note to myself : * whenever there is firework factory on fire , get the hell away at least a couple kilometers !, 
  there is plenty of space underwater , just keep distance from atlantis , those guys are racists . 
  yea 2/3/4 are coming , they have been coming for 6 damn years . . and the 2nd is according to imdb in 2017 . 
  for a movie which was very generic and did not have anything worthwhile to remember , it took too long for a sequel for it to be profitable . 
  damn , i actually did not notice this when i watched the show recently , i guess i do n't pay attention well . 
  yeah , and very annoying one . . 
  that has very honey . 
  would probably work now for the simple phrases in those books . 
  at least we have enough money to maintain the infrastructure . 
  yea but they probably based that on their own estimate of what the price was going to be and not the announced for pr one . 
  they knew the real cost of producing it . 
  also there is no way rift would have set a price which would be undercut by vive . 
  it is an oligopolic market , they set prices based on reaction to those set prices and etc to maximize profits . 
  he carried it more than he rode it in this video , so i think it is some kind of exercise machine ? 
  has reality tv shows gone too far ? 
  and the worst part is when you are trying to sleep , you ca n't really see them , and they are buzzing around your head close to you . 
  so you smack in that direction hoping you hit them and then , after 15seconds of silence , you hear that annoying buzz again . . 
  problem is that china did not shut it off , they set it to hibernate . 
  amateurs . . 
  i think that a better comparison of normal gaming vs vr gaming would be riding a train vs driving a car , totally different experiences but the main idea is the same . 
  not to mention that 1k $ in us is easier to save up than 1k $ in eastern europe . 
  but then again , that 's not their target demographic anyway . 
  you mean that i am actually a super star ? 
  did not understand this one , can someone explain ? 
  oh . . then again , shit like that does not surprise me anymore . . 
  that range would allow me to travel to pretty much any city in my country from the capital . 
  then again , barely anyone will afford or buy it here . 
  if we can drive it on the road , then yea . 
  gon na invite my bros to brag about it . 
  left shark is the best shark . 
  * to unsubscribe to shark facts , type unsubscribe in klingon . 
  quite a few coincidences here . 
  ward tried to take fitzsimons lives with water . 
  early 2000s are still very close to 90s in terms of clothing . 
  plot twist : they pushed the dog into it . 
  hard to masturbate with that thing , but practice helps . 
  passengers body protects the aircraft quite well . 
  but it is not manned by the person sitting in it , it is controlled by the pre-set route . 
  so it qualifies as a drone , which is an aircraft which has the driver outside of it ( or does not have one to begin with ) . 
  morning tv always has some great moments , probably in most countries . 
  it says so in this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1oobewzdte ) , not that i consider wired a good source for reliable information . 
  kills a lot of people though . 
  we should ban physics . 
  so that he could destroy things without getting hurt ? 
  ah love when people can have silly fun at that age , not everyone who is old is grumpy . 
  that scene ... 
  i saw that while i was eating lunch , was hard to finish it after that . 
  imagine being stuck in place like that for more than 24h . 
  are you a horse ? 
  * denser than dense *, 
  story of my life . . 
  biggest mr.popo cosplay gathering/festival ? 
  i do n't use twitter , can someone sum up what is happening ? 
  and what is maker ? 
  critical hit with hep c. 
  resists debuff with aids ? 
  so that 's why i said you get resists debuff - it lowers your resistances . 
  yea , i hate driving , hoping this will come soon . 
  better ai wins . 
  too tasty . 
  well he has to , the goal is to get whatever they are discussing approved if i understand correctly ? 
  the quality of this video looks like it was painted by an impresionist frame by frame and then made into a video . . 
  nah you got it all wrong , it is the 42 sandwich , it means it is a 42 layer sandwich . 
  well but maybe it is misread in the book , maybe its not forty two , maybe it is four two ? 
  damn these days people look weird . 
  all small birds are morons . 
  damn fireworks sound expensive in us . 
  this would definitely cost at least 1000 times less , maybe even 10000 times less . 
  just call him dank meme . 
  you would love that website where you can just hum and it will tell you the song . 
  god damn khajiit stealing like always . 
  what a fitting name . 
  is that the large headphones connector ? 
  not only that , i also started moving in my chair , maybe i am secretly indian ? 
  but it is not something you would get in trouble at work . 
  someone should make a movie about his life , that movie carrier , all these accidents , it would win an oscar . 
  so he is a good ( most people would say great , not only on reddit ) actor and you are annoyed by people liking it ? 
  i do n't understand this logic . 
  whats wrong with washingtons ferrari ? 
  i once cut ghost peper with no gloves to put on my pizza ... never again . . 
  i did not touch my eyes , but my hands were burning like hell for a long time . 
  this looks stupid . 
  but then again , it is probably safe those people look like they know about safety . 
  unless dicaprio plays himself . 
  that 's where only vegetables dance . 
  with some bad acting of him acting good , bad parachute dive and an explosion during flight ? 
  who would not watch that ? 
  this one actually looks doable with not that much skill ( obviously the result would be a bit worse ) . 
  no need to figure out how to make a god damn chocolate sphere in the first place . 
  well , depends on how easy it is to get ornament mold for you . 
  i could mold these triangle thingies with improvising something with random shit i already have . 
  also ornament mold would need to have correct dimensions for the ball not to brittle and also not to be too thick . 
  the opening has to be correct size and etc. . 
  i am not a very experienced cook so take my train of thought with a pinch of salt . 
  oh so you turn it every so often . . now i get it . 
  yea this looks pretty easy them . 
  i thought that it takes a bit more effort to get it uniformly distributed .
