  how was that a good idea ? 
  then again if its abbot then anything can be good idea for him , if it earns him something . 
  sitting here in lithuania with my fiber optic internet ( which is pretty old already ) and thinking that how many more things in australia are on my list to why not to emigrate there . 
  also add up the mentality that everyone who is better than you are cheating . 
  yea but unless you are someone who is well known , its probably pretty much impossible for that to happen . 
  this is hard to watch , had to drop it 3mins in . . 
  all the deadly stuff , abbot , heat , abbot , christmas in summer , abbot , i think that 's it , or did i forget abbot ? 
  well snow on christmas is a must for me . 
  also distance from australia is major factor too . 
  i 'm pretty sure abbot is behind drop bears also . 
  assuming it was a guy . 
  only mahogany chairs are male . 
  yep , that was perfect timing . 
  well that would mean that its made by microsoft , which could be disappointing . 
  i remember getting one of those with donald duck magazine . 
  well at least you know that when you break your arms , you and your mum have similar taste . . ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ out, 
  well you know what they say , two rights make a plane . 
  would that work with cameras ? 
  that could be useful . 
  pretty sure that can still be useful . 
  i always hope that people like these are just trolling . . 
  you need to get him buffy or at least dru . 
  they will even time travel if necessary . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spike_%28buffy_the_vampire_slayer%29 hope this helps . 
  just let it go and watch it . 
  somewhere in gb ? 
  yes , and for me it was better than first one , got rid of a lot of unnecessary shit . 
  nope , in 1963 dollars . 
  you evil bastard . . 
  well tiger woods has probably tons of these . 
  oh god . . how is this the first time i heard this one ? 
  now if only someone made a drone which would change the lightbulb . 
  when i was 11 years old instead of getting software autoclicker for leveling afk in a game ( good old mu online ) i made simple shit with motor out of those rc cars which pressed my mouse . 
  i hanged around my grandfather a lot and he used to do a lot of electronics and radiotech , taught me some of it and let me do basic circuiting so i guess this seemed easier since i did n't know auto-clickers exist . 
  well there is a reason we stopped using lead in lots of things , so its not too big of a stretch to use it in that picture . 
  i 'm pretty sure they are joking , right ? 
  one of the reasons was affect on children and their mental development . 
  so as i told , it is not too far fetched compared to other things they preach . 
  you missed my point but that 's fine . 
  hard to tell if i could do it as well as i did . 
  have n't done anything electronics related for 8 years or so . 
  kinda lingered to other field . 
  fuck , quick everybody check if you do n't have lightning shaped scar and weird owl infestation . 
  are there any good reasons to play on seasoned servers when season2 starts , or is it only small chance of finding new leg ? 
  you ca n't let any of that brainwash to get through , also it keeps you warm . 
  need graphene and nanotubes . 
  i do n't think you know where onions comes from . 
  i think she wants to be called he now . . 
  max_search_ping 200 [ ** rekt ** ], 
  this is epic , should totally be series . 
  god , how can anyone watch that . . 
  it 's mac , so design is very advanced and is great !, 
  welp , this is a gif i have n't seen for years . . 
  i take long baths , usually take and read an ebook when relaxing , i am afraid of the same presumption . 
  yea , seeing angel in the show a bit startled me , but when you think about , that is one of the logical things they put in , as compared to few others . 
  and cheaper , hence - ubisoft . 
  well obviously it would be just looped 5sec scene since more than that is too much work . 
  never deforce this one !, 
  poi and arrowverse mash-up ? 
  yes please !, 
  oh so that 's what i was doing wrong . . for fuck sake , everything makes sense now . 
  my poor 280x will have to work extra hard . 
  hey , i 'm afraid of overwatch whenever i do several smoke kills in a row , its just anxiety , overwatch bans are brutal . 
  on nova til late mg you keep seeing someone get called wh every other game . 
  not all are good judges . 
  you are probably right on that one , at least i hope you are . 
  you will forever be known as `` the one who cums to class early '' . 
  i always wondered why we see so little of albino dogs/cats pics . 
  with internet being obsessed with these animals you would think that pics like that would circulate a lot . 
  depending on time , i would be up for it too . 
  well i would hope and think that most people here have all of dlc . 
  finally , you replied a song to my comment , my life is complete !, 
  you got ta release an album of all your songs . 
  told you , you will be forever known . 
  congrats on lifetime achievement ,, 
  lol this is great , also wtf , is that fish 2d ? 
  probably both , since they are related . 
  maybe deforestation could be causing the biggest effect on this . 
  and you know that it will always aim for your balls for landing spot . . 
  i am not sure what you mean since from nova to mg2 i barely see anyone do it . 
  sometimes it helps if you suggest doing that , but people in general tend to not do it . 
  its hard to focus when you are paired up with 3man premade who do n't communicate and then they also start being toxic if you do 1-2 rounds badly . 
  nope , not really . 
  i have been doing very badly this week , losing games quite a lot , winning some too but with bad score . 
  but i ended up getting from mg to mgii . 
  oh , i instantly assumed its in c and was wondering what is such a big deal . 
  hey , it says . pdf , totally safe , open please !, 
  ladies must love you or hate you , i 'm not sure . 
  i did the math and everything adds up . 
  they change in front of passengers . . duh, 
  he ca n't afford the experiment , that 's why he is asking . 
  because magic . 
  how i met my marjorie . 
  well she only offered him some blow since he already has a job . 
  damn this actually made me laugh , weird night i guess . . 
  no way this is not on purpose . . 
  add , throwing shovel on the ground , having it bounce and hit your nuts , and we have perfect representation . 
  this would be perfect with bsod option . 
  i want to not get gold for this comment . 
  some people just want to believe .
