  people usually have some type of people they do n't like . 
  i 'm talking about new ones . 
  or a son of oil baron . 
  i guess they have no fear of anyone seeing them . 
  `` you guys are trippy '' was the best part !, 
  seems like he got tired . . 
  return the slab !, 
  you can spot the moment where he climaxes . 
  same here , and i am an multidimensional unintelligent being . 
  i want to believe !, 
  oh so we will get a lot more unranked `` smurfs '' who play very good because of game-sense !, 
  damn , sometimes i 'm happy to be mg . . 
  though these waves probably will bring all hackers down to our ranks until they get back up . 
  yea , its really hard to know if enemy is cheating , without spectating them . 
  heck i would probably call myself a cheater if i would see an enemy doing magic shots like i sometimes do ( i like to take shots just in case it would hit someone , especially through smokes ) . 
  as i 'm writing thesis in econometrics , this is also what i feel while reading the textbooks . 
  my favorite snack is probably sunflower seeds or if i feel like eating something less healthy then spicy potato chips , `` the soup critiques the friendly trouble . '', 
  eh . . do n't even ask . . 
  it 's basically combination of complicated math , statistics and economy . 
  more like future teller . 
  all generations screw up , it 's nothing new . 
  this statement is pretty ironic . . 
  yeah , go check up on the definition . 
  there is more than one meaning . 
  because bing is popular for porn search . 
  nope . . normal giraffe . . 
  my favorite game is probably fallout nv . 
  it does not work as well when it is so small . 
  i bet it 's one of the hellriser boxes . 
  you can call me edward . 
  build a bomb and raid fort knox . 
  they kinda are n't that bad if done properly and on correct scenes . 
  ok , then sell the fertilizer and buy gold coins . 
  i usually rebuy when its on 44 and lower . 
  i 'm confused , would n't the poison get into his bloodstream and across his body faster ? 
  oh , now it makes perfect sense !, 
  well there is a reason why it 's illegal to bear arms in a lot of places . 
  do people these days manage to torrent a virus ? 
  someone needs to start a youtube channel dedicated purely for this . . 
  well ... let 's agree to disagree . 
  probably 3-4 swings and you will barely lift it after that . 
  that shit looks heavy as fuck . . 
  / r/outside, 
  i 'm confused on how giant bread-sticks differ from just bread . 
  i 'm on my 2nd and i was happy to get it to 1 day ( i barely bought any bats though , only the mutations ) . 
  pc is hard , you buy all these games on sale and then cant decide what to play . 
  oh . . first time ayy lmao actually made me laugh . . 
  damn , i need to remember to visit this if i ever go to netherlands again . 
  just put it inside messengers time and it will be great . 
  well knowing how manga is proceeding , everything can happen . 
  coulson will have the infinity glove . 
  nah , that 's just spiked cat mixed into hedgehog litter . 
  or `` are you hurt ? '', 
  so ... did they help ? 
  i have pans for cupcake baking which cool down very fast , i think without this i would burn my fingers often . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i do n't want my serial killer name to be cupcake killer , not very manly . 
  he must be the grandson of sigmund , you know , this runs in the family . 
  i do n't know man , that face would weird me out . . 
  i do n't know , i think its not the first time they have done this , he just usually hits his head more . 
  god dam jedi , ruins all sport competitions . 
  the last minute was so packed with major things . . 
  you have a rig to run this faster than in a week ? 
  woah ... 
  this is like magic !, 
  who knows , maybe he has only 1 month to live ? 
  totally unlikely !, 
  it 's far better than finding it out after 5 years while having 3 children who are not yours . 
  that would be bad luck brian . 
  but we are people so our opinions may differ . 
  good guy poseidon , lets us see the melons . 
  they had practice with gorilla cgi on the 100 . 
  even bandits have decent manners . 
  and ray 's nano tech . 
  he will find a green glowing ring and he will become something else , he will become someone else , the green arrow . 
  everyone mentioned this . . 
  yep , everyone has great taste . 
  meh . . lets just sit back and watch the world burn . 
  nah , yhwach will just kill everyone , destroy everything and manga ends . 
  like how the fuck did the cat even get there ? 
  ok . . this explains how the cat got into that place . 
  they will lose a lot , it makes it easier for other company to come into the market and out-shadow cs : go . 
  this happens often when someone stops caring about their product . 
  it 's not like people in mg ranks have that great of a game-sense . . 
  even coordinating eco rounds is tough quite often . . 
  it 's not a smurf , he is just very good during his first 2 hours of csgo , going 25-2-6 . 
  this is all the definition the movie needs . 
  until it rips apart . . 
  well it would probably be just too much work , control circuits and wiring is probably not there . 
  literally second comment in episode discussion . . 
  i 've got some barbed wire to stop the escape wwwwwwwwwwww . 
  han shot first . 
  just take a deep breath and go to sleep . 
  if only that applied to baltic countries . . 
  so he what , used a wheelchair on that treadmill ? 
  as an angry skeleton demon . 
  my eye just popped out of the socket , am i ok doctor ? 
  but . . 
  there is no spoon !, 
  omg omg omg ...
