  yea i 'm mge now but i do n't feel like updating the flair until i 'm month + with that rank . 
  i just feel like i 'll derank soon with how i 've been playing lately ( when i just got the rank i had 6/10 wins and always was at top of the scoreboard , now i sucked for 5 rounds in a row ) . 
  damn what a piece of trash that policeman is . . 
  just some kisses , and that 's all . 
  those misses are because of laggs , hackers and bad team though . 
  she really does not help contributing to her case . 
  and eurovision is watched a lot , all over the world , where superbowl is not . 
  heck we even had australia in eurovision because the contest is popular in the kangaroo land . 
  the same reason we watch circus acts . 
  `` who told you we were friends ? '', 
  i have high mouse sens , i never run out of mousepad !, 
  they focused on the boobs too much like always . 
  i would love him to be cyborg but that would be too much of a push . 
  is patrick an instrument ? 
  i just ca n't figure out what else , he has to be something important . 
  do n't feed the disabled trolls mate . 
  they get a kick out of it . 
  sad part is that half of that shit happens in mge too . . 
  looks like one 2 wheeled car with weird eyes eating another car . 
  i would love to see something else , but then again it 's not really the game what is important and what makes me watch the videos . 
  those texts really makes you look like kids . 
  but it 's a bit too much now is n't it ? 
  he helps arrow so much that everyone already seen his face . 
  he has a family to protect does n't he ? 
  he will get a costume . 
  time travel obviously . 
  not sure if they would use someone from superman , even when they have a supergirl on network . 
  also as cool as diggle is , he is not as big as steel should be . 
  would that be whale hunting season ? 
  the moon, 
  i can enjoy wrestling like in wwe , but this is just no . . 
  because often it is hard to tell without seeing what the skilled person saw , so some people will get angry and 7/10 people will silently report . 
  damn , you will never top this . 
  heck , i played w1 and even i am thinking about watching a recap video before going for w2 , it 's been some time so i 'm afraid that i forgot too much . 
  yea those fucking elves in w1 . . 
  well smurf is a decent thing to be angry about . 
  i have no idea how that was a legit goal , did n't the referee pause the game so that he could check on that guy ? 
  damn almost opened the picture until i read the title . . 
  7598 , thanks for giveaway . 
  what ? 
  well he will have other half , just not robbie . 
  maybe atm it might be not viable , but later on the cost of farming it normally will probably start weighting down the scales . 
  yellow ? 
  check . 
  awesome ? 
  check . 
  minions representing pcmr confirmed . 
  sansa is probably one of the most annoying character in past few seasons . . 
  wait no . . she was like that since the beginning . . 
  i identify myself as a shadow of a bundle of sticks , do n't judge me !, 
  i 've heard some good things about planet hulk , so maybe its worth checking it out ? 
  ( fuck i realized you asked for dc shows , sorry ! ), 
  it would be a bit too hard to quantify that 1/3 , you cant really be sure how long you will live . 
  so i would not . 
  they ca n't be that dumb can they ? 
  sun goes down , moon goes up . 
  you ca n't explain this shit !, 
  ok , he ca n't lift it while wearing the glove , but what if he used the glove remotely and tried to lift it with that ? 
  it means you got a kinder surprise . 
  wait ... live action ? 
  that will look really weird . 
  yep . . looks weird , but could have been worse . 
  also should n't bitch sensei be not japanese ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's one of the more popular ones . . 
  but this can be purely because of the amount of people watching it . 
  if it has bigger audience then it might also have more people who drops it . 
  damn i skipped it , but it looks like it 's pretty fun . 
  because it was so bad i actually watched the full video . 
  it would also be interesting to see kids reaction to someone accidentally dropping bass . 
  it would fix the issue that luffy shortens his lifespan when using some of the gears . 
  i think the lifespan thing was because during his gear 2nd he has to increase his bloodflow and that affects his heart or something . 
  yes it increases metabolism by pushing bloodflow to be faster . 
  i kinda did enjoy these fillers more than usually . 
  pretty much denmark . 
  only sheep can be his friends !, 
  what do they ask as proof usually ? 
   warhammer 40k : space marine, 
  or you could , you know , have a goal to become somebody ? 
  i do n't know man , if i put my johnson on the field they also have to stop the game . 
  none of you mortals can beat my spork !, 
  well those were fillers , now manga arc started . 
  for some of us it was new for centuries !, 
  i really like cows , those damn burgers are too good !, 
  weird ? 
  some even call it the reverse !, 
  i wish his crew would be under straw hats after this arc . 
  he never skips skip day too . 
  poor sanji , did not even get a mention ... like come on , they were not in manga for what , a year now ? 
  i 'm sure they could even repair the map ? 
  i do n't know if my joke about miscariages was gilded like that . 
  damn , that might be before i even started reading the manga . . 
  i do n't know , it would reek after that . 
  sure man . . 
  joke . . we believe you . 
  volvo responds with giving new skins to ladders . 
  i jerk off however i want man !, 
  well he tried to fuck a random thing so he must be greek god , not norse . 
  oh , advent calendar simulator !, 
  i know right ?
