  then again i do n't really care about there being a coffee shop like that , i would just probably go elsewhere since what they wear does tell a bit about the coffee they make . 
  i wonder what would be left out of it if it hit something at that speed . 
  i do n't know , ground stops them pretty fast . 
  well good luck on that , if they succeed they will loose a lot of subscribers since most of europe goes to watch the us netflix . 
  a lot of people using hacks irl . 
  more like full spectrum lantern . 
  it would be just like natural light shining . 
  it is shallow in most eu ( they vary on content but the amount of content is about 1/4 of us ones ) . 
  so do all evolutions happen only by merging them , or do they happen after leveling up ( like egg morty in the list ) ? 
  i knew that one of them would get everything covered in lava while using those things . 
  never expected sjin to open it in such a perfect spot for maximum disaster . 
  maybe the locals are just very friendly ? 
  this is fallacy , if most people would not find it entertaining then it would not be constantly upvoted enough to get on the frontpage . . 
  ca n't reach the thighs can it ? 
  sorry but your assessment is based on false facts . 
  you do realize that number shown is not an actual number of votes ? 
  reddit uses diminishing function for that , this has been stated million times already . . 
  yea but he burns if he stays too long in the sunlight . 
  it is allusion to the dog pants meme . 
  sometimes after you take a shower it is very difficult to make your hair look like you just woke up and did not brush your hair . 
  well for example i am not updating to the the os9 because my phone is older and there is evidence of them working worse after update . 
  i think everything is legit , he even used ~ ~ banana ~ ~ bandanna for scale !, 
  it was just reuploaded a billion times . 
  fuck , have n't played for a 1.5 weeks , got deranked by 2 steps after update , now i am afraid to play again since it seems that i will get even lower . 
  16million loses , 2million gains . 
  simple . 
  because it is hard to keep track whether you are progressing when the badge curve is always changing . 
  you do n't see your actual rank so the only way to know is to look at your badge . 
  recently got egg morty , no damn attack moves , is that normal ? 
  i guess ill use all my seeds to level him up whenever i find them . 
  oh i did not realize meeseeks box would work for that . 
  i guess lvl up seeds are worthless anyway . 
  one is about posting cool and beautiful pictures and another one is r/pics ? 
  it is kinda an opposite of lost , he reached a pinnacle place where he could spend the rest of his life being himself . 
  wtf does this have to do with lithuania . . 
  how the fuck did cancer man survive being bombed inside the mountain ? 
  it 's bethesda type of improvement , so nothing actually improves . 
  that 's when military enters competition and blows everything up . 
  because platinum performs worse in some spectrum ranges , take a look at this http://www.kruschwitz.com/hr's.htm not sure if its best source since i do n't have time to look for better . 
  i think that these drones are usually no where close to the ones military uses . 
  those are created by big research groups and stuff . 
  but i guess sometimes some ideas can be missed by those groups too . 
  in this trailer he was burned a bit right ? 
  so maybe this was a double he used , or a shape shifter ? 
  who ? 
  i usually try to only mute those who are too obnoxious . 
  muting everyone , even if they are talking russian , deprives your spectrum of information . 
  yea if child saw that cat he would just make fun of it and poke him . 
  dog at least just stares shamefully . 
  well that is obvious , military outsources a lot of stuff . 
  more likely clones . 
  take the engine out too , the lighter it gets the faster it will drive . 
  i think it is not the lawyer who gone full retard in this case . 
  it seems like lawyer is getting free publicity . 
  yea i had no idea these things had a bunch of smaller leds inside them . 
  but then again i never really thought about it and it does sound logical . 
  can someone explain what is happening ? 
  have not been following anything so now i feel like i missed it . 
  yea thanks !, 
  going to watch the recording sometime when i find the time . 
  i had one of my economist issues stamped the same way , and i live in lithuania . 
  so maybe it is uk thing ? 
  depends on how hard you throw it at the ground . 
  i used to be , now i 'm just a trainwreck . 
  yea but you uk people want to leave europe so you do n't count . 
  what if your investment creates some weird butterfly effect which makes apple never go as good as it did now . 
  it was out , but you could not buy shares . 
  you are being an idiot here , it is not 10 $ it 's 10000 $ . 
  i think that uk is the only exception . 
  at least in eu . 
  the key here probably would be not buying a single stock but buying and selling at certain times . 
  that is something what would maximize the return . 
  i would not call him an idiot if he would have a decent attitude . 
  read his comment . 
  stock prices are chaotic . 
  the long term return is kinda like an expected value over time , but during that time it had bigger peeks and drops so if you buy stocks at low points and sell at high points ( assuming you know the timings ) you could potentially make way more than with a long term investment . 
  heck if you know the future your could make billions in 10years . 
  futures/options might be even better . 
  `` well you need a worker , i need a job , so it is kinda destined that we fulfill each others needs '', 
  maybe a bit better with his body expression https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3facxcxoz8 though this is a bad quality video . 
  the less you work the more productive you are . 
  believe it or not , but this applies to other types of jobs too . 
  but we are talking about workers productivity not the factories . . 
  imagine needing all makeup done before each shoot . 
  i bet it takes several hours to do it and he has to sit still . 
  president of usa ? 
  still some lizard man . 
  he was born normal but identifies as autistic . 
  whenever i see or hear cuttlesifh mentioned i instantly get this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdwoi7hphtq ) stuck in my head . 
  is this literally a shitpost ? 
  well fits perfect for the druglord with golden ak-47 ? 
  they are running the show , not acting . 
   will smith, 
  so what movie did he do this year , concussion ? 
  was it even close to being oscar winning movie ? 
  seems like will chooses crappy scripts and expects some recognition just because of his name . 
  well it kinda does . 
  since dwarf planets are difficult to detect . 
  25 % female , 75 % country . 
  well i was just making a joke and not making a statement .
