  well this was a friendly prank and no one got hurt , and that paint seem to come of easily . 
  that is what friendly prank is , is n't it ? 
  things fly over my head quite well , does that count ? 
  if they will find him , he will nidoran . 
  damn magicarp gets huge boost . 
  happy coincidence . 
  that is quick rib removal there . 
  you are bound to get some sort of super power eventually while doing these videos . 
  yea not you though . 
  you do not belong here . 
  not again . . 
  pot , meet kettle . 
  please decrypt first part of the message to prove that you are a fellow human , my fleshy visual organs can not read that !, 
  leftovers taught me that even with less people disappearing we would not be fine . 
  i never found anything like this , and it is hard enough when only rats and pigeons spawns . 
  i am still saving up for pigeot , have 210cp pigeotto so i wonder how strong can it get when evolved . 
  wanting servers be stable is a reasonable thing and nothing to do with being entitled . 
  but constant downtime ( especially during evenings in europe ) is annoying . 
  harry potter and the order, 
  the order is enough , google them , some really crazy people . 
  yea , disappointing read . 
  yea , i love cooking french fries , experimenting with spices and size is pretty fun little thing to add when cooking . 
  but how is that darkness contained ? 
  / r/fantasyaskscience, 
  1 ) be filthy rich, 
  2 ) do n't be poor, 
  google the order , will make sense . 
  depends on where you live . 
  you used reverse mirror , people have been making this mistake for centuries . 
  you do realize racism happens towards white people too ? 
  not all people can , this would be amazing for those people . 
  also not everyone can afford traveling and having vr experience of mountaintop or a jungle would give those people part of the feeling . 
  yes you live in western world . 
  go somewhere elsewhere and you are very likely to see racism towards white people . 
  / r/news is definitely admins fault , one of the bigger subreddits should be moderated properly . 
  / r/news should never be biased but it definitely is . 
  yes and it would be perfect in that case , but mods are creating the bias by removing content which does not conform to their bias . 
  they seem to nail the casting . 
  weedles everywhere . 
  well all i have are ratatas and pigeys ( not even catching those zubats , fuck them ) . 
  though while riding bus to city center i can usually catch some more diverse pokemons . 
  this is less terrifying , i would barely notice it would n't i ? 
  i spend on average 5 pokeballs trying to hit those damn buggers . 
  you really know how to brighten up the day , do n't you ? 
  still ca n't figure out whether a skit or porn . 
  no steampunk spaceship ? 
  / sad, 
  it 's denver . 
  unidan , is that you ? 
  damn those balls . 
  use dry treebark , it is as good if not better than paper . 
  i am pretty sure they can build a fire . 
  there is plenty of evidence of that , sure they do it because humans taught it and gave them the lighters/matches , but it is still cool . 
  it might not be socially acceptable but it is not offense . 
  bonus mold to sell to other industry . 
  i do n't know . 
  if i was god i would definitely create all sorts of crazy animals just to see what happens . 
  i 'm surprised you have a wife with social skills like that . 
  at least you are already in the hospital . 
  come on , i would love all the crazy animals equally . 
  they were taken . 
  yea , it was played in reverse , in actual video the solder gives the gun to him . 
  have n't there recently been a technology on some type of better steel which chinese company stole ? 
  some say , there is no end to that deep hole . 
  hopefully that was nothing too important because you are just being a douche . 
  also good luck getting them out if they get stuck inside . 
  what do you expect from them pushing top 10 lists every day . 
  and as opposed to bvs these trailers seem to be decent and not giving away too much of the plot . 
  yea they went with some weird alien symbiotic cyborg . 
  probably will end up being brainiac . 
  so , this will probably not be linked with rest of marvel movieverse ? 
  less strain on the eyes ? 
  damn did not notice the tower , this might get infinity war more interesting . 
  depends on the situation , in written conversations it will probably be 13 and etc. 
  but when spoken we will usually say 1st and etc. 
  because most of the time it is clear from context what time of the day it is . 
  is that madonna ? 
  we did n't do it reddit !, 
  good thing they are coming back in september . 
  wait for letter from mit . 
  you are the next tesla . 
  well you made a kraken which is also cool . 
  it probably is still making decent amount of money with very little effort so why should they ? 
  yea , we are playing the real life board game , only time will show who is the cylon here . 
  pokemon stops in my area are just bunch of playgrounds and swings . . 
  there could have been a few more creative ways to do it . 
  yeah , because they need to do anything to create the flood when pokemon go is so popular and there are 2 new games coming out . 
  you know proper jokes require some effort ? 
  not ops though . 
  a sport in which the athlete who bangs the most partners during the games wins . 
  we could call this sport the olympic village . 
  nah , that is how it feels when you are trying to walk home while being very intoxicated . 
  to the wrong person though . 
  it would make sense if things spawned more the less populated the area is and then you would need lures to lure pokemons to populated areas to equalize it . 
  i am pretty sure this is jay garrick . 
  already prepared to rush b. 
  it also seems to be so hard to jump on top of a single block for some reason . 
  you seem to have disorder where for you nonsense start to make sense . 
  this is the best password . 
  nothing to see here .
