  you do realize you can ignore it ( i know it is sometimes hard to not watch all the videos ) ? 
  people do like his videos and that 's why they are posted . 
  they are not selling alcohol for fucks sake . 
  who cares about the model when the product is based on performance . 
  what about beer ? 
  thanks for the chance !, 
  yea . . up until recently i thought / r/the _ donald was people just making fun of this situation . . 
  ca n't really blame them . 
  was n't stick of truth chosen because it sounds like sick of truth ? 
  well since all is left is a skeleton now , you are technically correct . 
  had one removed last year , the stitches inside the mouth frustrated me soo much . 
  very weird and annoying feeling . 
  will need to have one more removed soon so not really excited about repeating this . 
  is n't china more vulnerable to the idea of global warming because of their high population and massive heavy industry ? 
  fuck that is scary !, 
  that 's how humor works . 
  is n't slurping showing that you appreciate the good food in asian cultures ? 
  they numbed it quite significantly so it did not hurt . 
  but it did felt a bit weird . 
  as far as i understood it was not a very difficult surgery since the tooth was not weirdly shaped , so i was a bit lucky . 
  yet . 
  well , you kinda feel them messing around there , cutting flesh but not trough pain but trough tension or something . 
  hard to explain . 
  most of the pain happened after the surgery . 
  but if you are american you guys probably get stronger pain medications later . 
  well the pain was strong for 2 days , but i have severe migraines so i am a bit used to having to go trough that . 
  i mean it will also depend on a lot of other variables , so hard to tell . 
  but it is bearable . 
  manstruation ? 
  main reason we are using r. 
  yea , econometrics , currently busy with my darn master thesis . 
  we did have some spss lectures , but it is pretty pointless since r can do all of that and more . 
  ah , and here i was thinking about choosing pi . 
  can i still apply if i am from europe ? 
  well you would just generate a random variable based on uniform distribution . 
  might need to do unif [ range ] + unif [ 0,1 ] depending on how the functions work . 
  but this is not really necessary for this . 
  sorry about shit like that , will add you up but since i 'm from europe i am not sure how many games we could play where latency would not be a problem . 
  choosing 78987 . 
  what do you mean ? 
  latency is a generic thing related to internet connection . 
  it will always be a problem between us and europe because of the distance . 
  teleportation around gives a certain advantage i guess . 
  playing with lag is funny because the confirmation of kill happens second after it happens . 
  i love this community because it is very nice and helpful . 
  if you run into some computer problems there will always be someone who will help you troubleshoot it or will direct you to good source . 
  probably am a part of this community for a bit over a year . 
  an interesting story i think would be about aztec times . 
  an technologically advanced alien race descends on the poor little aztecs and tries to technologically enlighten them . 
  bad shit happens , and somehow everything ends with extinction of aztec civilization . 
  would love witcher 3 , thanks for a chance and that is a pretty great build !, 
  phew , got more than expected . 
  1345 , i am hoping that witcher 3 + expansion pack combo will be on sale . 
  you are the cause of all this shit !, 
  good thing that you want to be so wasteful , we definitely are not having problems because of people like you . 
  that is why all the terrible things on this planet like wars , violence and cold pizza happens . 
  when is the free upgrade thing ending ? 
  considering from 8.1 on my pc ( laptop will stay with the cozy w7 ) . 
  i mean it is far better than being full of / r/thedonald posts . 
  would have needed a few new trucks . 
  there is nothing greater than bacon in footloose , stop preaching blasphemy !, 
  i mean , if i had money i would probably also want to go to iceland and not somewhere i can drive . 
  luckily flying around in europe is cheap ( well probably not to iceland ) . 
  as a holder of placing anything i think we have to talk . 
  yeah , this was a bit strange to see for an european . 
  i mean in europe you can buy and use fireworks whenever you want . 
  but they are not sold in this totally unsafe way . 
  which is quite ironic when america has such strict firework laws . 
  in a lot of cases it would be cheaper to fly to germany than drive there from a lot of places all over europe . 
  only truly evil people do not love brunch . 
  you do not need to summon reddit , it will always barge in and break everything !, 
  ca n't imagine being involved in that discussion , even seeing it causes me a headache . 
  damn she is crazy . . poor kids . 
  well i have seen almost all countries in europe , still strange . 
  are n't all conversations deep down about anal ? 
  most of us realize this guy is exception , but jokes are usually built around exceptions and that is why vegans ar a part of them so often . 
  woah from eating animals to holocaust . 
  you do realize this type of obnoxious self justification for your choice is what makes us annoyed of vegans ? 
  and the intelligence of the animals is a hypothesis which has barely any good scientific basis nor it is a good measure to base whether we should consume the animal . 
  pigs are pretty cruel and will not care about other pigs being killed and etc. 
  a bit too short and gives us too much credit . 
  we are not as obnoxious as clowns !, 
  i really hope he actually applied and internet could band together , vote him trough to troll agt . 
  and so what if they did ? 
  what makes them experts ? 
  did they all suddenly stop eating meat ? 
  the answer is no . 
  but the conversation is not about the camps it is about eating meat . . you really are not helping your case . 
  nah , it gets worse . 
  a year ago i would have seen this as a joke , now i am not sure seeing that he is so successful in the primaries . 
  are americans just pulling a massive prank on the rest of the world ? 
  sorry but i do n't base my view on the media i base it on what he says during debates . 
  i wondered whether there are contact lenses for cats , apparently [ there are ] ( http://www.theopticalvisionsite.com/contact-lenses/contacts-for-dogs-and-cats/ ) . 
  / u/timelyparadox good luck fellow redditors . 
  hand of fate because i really enjoy the idea behind building your adventure out of deck of cards and the combat seems interesting . 
  was considering getting this during steam sale but since i already plan to get witcher 3 it would be tough on my budget . 
  youtube always works fast when bad pr happens . 
  well at least it was not the mother of dragons with her rocket barrage . 
  what do you mean what went wrong ? 
  and what is bad with that , what makes them lunatics ?
