  so after million years the doctor becomes pinhead and his tardis becomes hellworld . 
  so explicitly states its one of the kind and handles it with shaking hands . 
  `` many conspiracies proven to be true '' is just a weird statement . 
  conspiracies which gets proven become mainstream and popularized , but there are hundreds/thousands of conspiracies in different circles which never had been proven and most people have no idea about them existing for that reason . 
  so small percentage is hard to call many . 
  you mean about 20 quadruplets ? 
  because whole group is repeating itself . 
  so question still stands , where does op work ? 
  there will be , but one true god will be the main protagonist . 
  damn that song . . 
  thats what memes are . . 
  pokemon gig did n't end well as i see . 
  yep , all i was thinking is that you could seriously injure yourself by doing that . 
  seems like dead , but shoes are on so there is hope . 
  i guess he fell on his arm and that saved him . 
  since it seems that he went head down . 
  because he implied that he was faking and picked him up , what if in some weird way he got actually injured and picking up would mess his leg even more ? 
  toss them all together into ssquad prison and watch . 
  * takes the case away . 
  i 'll take the keyboard/mouse then . 
  * well fuck you , kicking you out of house will work just fine !, 
  im quite impressed if you have enough solar panels to power your pc . 
  shitty compression ? 
  this made me laugh because i actually believed you for a sec . . 
  woah mate , marry him first , you know you go to hell for doing that before marriage !, 
  deafness is pro not a con in that situation . 
  well it already did catch on , the question is how fast it will blow over . 
  it was battle between thoughts that whoever was stalking will kill him and the fact that he got bitten , did not expect the cannibals ( i thought they all died . . ) . 
  so i guess it was nicely done . 
  nah this one is shinny tuba . . 
  its more of a thing on smaller sections of reddit/chans . 
  from the inside !, 
  well if she did say no , you could just push her off . 
  nice planning op . 
  it reminded me about the scene in the game . 
  though i think this reveal was a bit less shocking . 
  your fault for trusting something named trojan . 
  and if you are brought back to life by doctors someone somewhere gets a miscarriage . 
  / top works just as good . 
  i know , i 'm fun at parties . 
  have same copter ( no cat sadly ) , but it got wobbly without cats influence , walls helped . 
  i guess your cousin ca n't swim ? 
  ill take the north , heard there is oil there , and space to put people i do n't like . 
  ugh i did n't express my problem correctly , by wobbly i meant that its not working correctly , it goes off to a side so i think one of balance pins might have broken off ( just a guess , i 'm not too familiar with copters ) . 
  and name is literally copter , so might be some cheap chinese thing . 
  no man , i prefer our lord and savior satan . 
  yep pretty much that . 
  though i work at home so i do n't really have coworkers . 
  nah i will always be there , lurking , haunting you in your mind , and when you are least expecting , i will strike and steal your thoughts again . 
  at least you will not have the problem of having a gilded comment which is a joke about miscarriage . . 
  time flows differently during reincarnation , and not all people who clinically die see the light . 
  you need to go at least to 1 date for that . 
  rice man , the hero amazon reviews needs , but does not deserve . 
  thats amateur , ca n't wait for be . 
  yea , when we die , all the hours will be turned into steam cards when we go to meat him . 
  dogs should understand that robots are socially superior to everything . 
  i started playing with random personalities to make things more interesting , you never know who is shaka or gandhi now . 
  in his dreams i think . . 
  that sounds like perfect combo for torture in guantanamo . 
  why the hell to not just sell the camel ? 
  a game which is not out yet ? 
  any news when be review embargo ends ? 
  cosplaying is more than just wearing a costume . 
  did you literally delete your wiki link to cosplay and posted this ? 
  i do n't downvote so do n't blame me for something others do . . cosplay is just as much about costumes as it is about role-playing . 
  i do n't understand what you want me to do . . 
  if you want to believe i downvoted you , so be it , its easier to judge people on internet . 
  i 'm quite worried about the fact that there is quite a bit pr going on , but still no official reviews . 
  kinda hoped to read reviews before release to decide weather its ok to buy it ( since im 90 % sure about getting it , but 10 % is worries based on past events ) . 
  damn if it does not then its a good idea for a mod , the more you get towards one affinity the more stylized the music gets . 
  so earlier placements for ai colonies is not implemented in difficulty , if so , can it be adjusted manually ( lets say give ai 5 turns head start ) ? 
  embargo does n't mean press has no access to review copies , it just means that they ca n't put out official reviews . 
  so i think they will instantly throw the articles at that time . 
  it will still probably be a bit earlier before the game gets released in my region and will allow be to make final decision . 
  preorder bonus does n't seem to be important so i wo n't lose anything in putting it off for few hours . 
  oh so tb might make wtfis of it , if he is feeling better after surgery that is . 
  thanks , am quite curious about most of those games so ca n't wait to hear his opinion . 
  why would n't they want people to look for glitches ? 
  if they are found it means they know what to fix and how to improve the game . 
  but then you will be inable to do trades with outposts and exploration , which are , as far as i saw , more important in this game than in civ5 . 
  its not really an original thought , thats one of the things a lot of people are doing while waiting . 
  i think i would like to join , just probably on friday evening since im waiting for reviews to make final decision about buying and have some work in morning . 
  i also like the show , and as someone who did n't have comics as a kid i do n't mind the origin explanation being that obvious , it 's just not as important since it would be obvious even without that if i did read and follow comics . 
  i think people might have issues with that . 
  dude . . stop it . . you know what happens if you say beetlejuice 3 times !, 
  yeah because his gas makes people numb before it kills . 
  keaton comes and steals your wife, 
  yea started a game on earth map while waiting for be and got randomly germany and spawned in na with a lot of barbarians around , constantly getting new cheap units . 
  this , i really prefer him doing the roles he does , because you can see he feels naturally , some actors who try doing all the roles they can are always looking fake . 
  i always struggled on when to use scientist in one or another way , but that was too obvious to believe , sjin knows game better than that . 
  ugh nvidia always nice with drivers , well at least i will have mantle on my 280x . 
  ugh i 'm waiting for reviews before buying so i guess i wo n't be joining it this time . 
  and thats a great thing , it means that each game can be more unique . 
  it will murder everything once it gets hit by that thing . 
  but guy in shield just does n't age ? 
  or does he time travel ? 
  there is a nice story in my childhood , on a first day at new school a bully started antagonizing me , i do n't know what happened ( was long time ago so cant remember details ) but i punched him in a nose and it started bleeding and that got me in trouble . 
  then with teachers and parents guidance i went to his house and apologized , and then we were pretty decent friends up until i moved . 
  things do n't always end up how you expect and people are not always the people they pretend to be . 
  review embargo ends tommorow , do n't remember exact time but if you search totalbiscuit twitter you should find it .
