  but then again this is a good business idea . 
  gta 1 and 2 are still great man !, 
  because they want to sell both titanx and 980ti , if ti performs very much the same for less money then no one will buy titanx which is still a new card on their roaster . 
  i 'm sure they would manage to create a faux reason for the patch which would make enough people fine with it . 
  see atheists ? 
  lord jesus is already on earth !, 
  praise our lizard overlords !, 
  [ targaryen song ] ( https://youtu.be/zs7xo5p3az4?t=548 ) is the best thing in it !, 
  this happens when you are talking out of your ass too much . 
  lets hope it will not attract too many beggers towards him . 
  i guess by being a decent person and not begging , or joining giveaways . 
  if i could change i probably would not procrastinate this much . 
  last asc that happened very late , so i guess i might not need territory units this ascension . 
  then again they are pretty cheap and will not slow down my progress by much so i should still try get some ? 
  but that 's not about them being russians , the same happens with most nationalities . 
  well shit happens , hell i have my nationality in my profile ( lithuania ) and i get some people telling `` he is basically russian '' . . heck i do n't even understand the language . . 
  correction , lithuania is not a slavic country . 
  that 's official sign that you are single and want to date . 
  i 'm at e83 so might still be able to get it to work . 
  i wonder how long will it take magicians of mining industry to make that mountain disappear . 
  depends on how hard it is to get it out of that mountain . 
  but $ 1 billion worth of gold is still only small part of what we already mined . 
  i will probably use this one now . 
  make people who require little oxygen , sleep and food . 
  and send them off to colonize the universe . 
  they will probably be short with huge chest and stomach ( to make oxygenation and food absorption more efficient , bear in mind i 'm not a scientist ) . 
  probably will not be able to run/jump , might require artificial form of transportation constantly . 
  would be cool to genetically engineer photosynthesis into humans too , which would help with my traits . 
  as to why give them low sleep amount ? 
  that 's to make building civilization on new planets a faster process . 
  just make sure to not feed him after midnight . 
  nah it was just a server lag . 
  yea , i think that nothing can really kill minecraft with its modding community . 
  to a shop ? 
  not so much . 
  that 's probably less than 1 cent from each sale , not to mention that it also increases sales . 
  i tried that on my 280x , i made fusion reactor . 
  meh , i just got to dmg and almost got to 30 deaths . . was so close !, 
  real life runs on 64 ticks . 
  probably not , but who knows . 
  i have 280x and i hope that dx12 will give enough boost for me to stay with this card for a year + . 
  this time mr. gray takes her to a trip to a farm . 
  meh , i want to stick to it until i have few months on that rank , in case i derank . 
  i as back at mg2 on friday . 
  with so many vac waves this will be the biggest spinbot wave ever . 
  shia took some lessons from one true god ? 
  people who buy things like that probably do not look at price tags . 
  they experimented on longevity inside that vault maybe ? 
  damn that 's the biggest score i have seen . 
  you have to pay on the camsite ( or maybe twitch ) to see the rest . 
  i recently finished the game , i tried to do it in low chaos but ended up screwing that up ( lack of patience i guess ) . 
  though i expected the game to be longer ( still have n't played the dlc missions ) . 
  it was still fun during last mission to kill everyone while trying to not be noticed . 
  i use full dynamic ch which is way worse than ops , i just kinda got used to it . 
  need to change eventually though . 
  i think that her fear was the least weird of all of these . . 
  naruto will become whatever-kage of all villages and will leave konohamaru in charge of leaf . 
  i just hope bethesda will not join the list of the fallen ones with launch fiasco . 
  then again , they pulled all that paid mods shit . 
  oh a cat flash . 
  speedforce just took a weird turn . 
  that hobbit , which trained luke to use the force . 
  nope . 
  seahorse radish is a known and popular instrument . 
  i 'm surprised that she even got the dates . 
  the reveal and release being so close together would be interesting . 
  damn someone managed that in 1820s ? 
  that 's insane . 
  nah , those were made by aliens obviously . 
  though somehow i consider making something so precise like these pistols vs pyramids which took a loooong time to be built by thousands of dedicated workers , to be a bit incomparable . 
  stop the fury on furries !, 
  it 's dlc and not expansions . 
  once you become a dad , all your jokes are puns . 
  damn he was so chill , i guess he is some kind of rescue from circus or something ? 
  it 's more cinematic that way . 
  supreme , that 's enough to confirm hacks . 
  he is funny and charismatic ? 
  if he was not talented he would not have so many shows . 
  i think i saw this video , do they also showcase a bit of view of the mechanics inside of it ? 
  nah , i got to dmg after ban waves so i 'm actually mg1 . 
  ( like wtf i meet eagles in game now who are just as terrible as people from mge ), 
  and how would that be an open bowl ? 
  hmm i should try watching this show of his , looks like interesting stuff . 
  as much as i hate his presentation , a lot of jokes are pretty funny ( well i only get to see the youtube videos ) , but that 's probably writers who come up with them . 
  and superman is just some guy from another planet . 
  for me , he was running for centuries . 
  nah , the editing in this video , is what made it amazing . 
  yep , welf will drop his panties for bell too . 
  i think there is a console version of cs : go . 
  exactly , most of the time its still better to have their voicechat since calls give a big advantage . 
  but you get some people where leaving them unmuted will just make your gameplay worse . 
  you have to anticipate teleportation . . skrub !, 
  i would spam vac on myself if i did that shot . 
  i think you might be alcoholic . 
  why should n't they make it early access if they think dst is still not finished ? 
  what safety net are you talking about ? 
  potato chips , and if drinks count then cola ( usually get one 1.25 l bottle a month for dessert ) . 
  makes the game more cinematic . 
  oh so that 's why some shots does not count as a hit even with blood . 
  how do you get that score on the top to show like that ?
