  i just had some spare time and was feeling bad so caught up with it ... 
  the show is crazy and what was bad got way worse . 
  and created a new plot idea for 3rd purge movie . 
  i guess you are now pretty horny because of all the sex you are not having . 
  when her medication starts working . 
  correct me i 'm wrong , but is it because most of gold is not pure gold ? 
  took me some time to get what rhnb means ... did not know this was a thing people often film . 
  well if it can fail several times ( 3 ) then after failing it is still working ? 
  sounds like a great drive . 
  but that screenshot is not fps ... 
  it 's third person and what it seems action sword-fight ? 
  got ta love when the legs stick you your throat while going down . 
  to be able to pull something like that you need a lot lot lot of time or a great and big developer team . 
  which i doubt this game has . 
  so they have all the dragon balls ... and they still do n't revive kai ? 
  the only one who could beat zeref . 
   * sips , though , got some break . 
  `` hold my beer , and lets see how much speed we can get ! '', 
  just gamesense mate . 
  yea , but i do n't get why would anyone call wh on this . 
  nah narcissus loved his reflection , this guy loves mirrors , this is something new . 
  that would make failure rate 30 % would n't it ? 
  not to mention that all this stuff would come with additional cost ? 
  or do they come with everything ? 
  it should be a stash tab full of exalts mate !, 
  689 , thanks for a great chance !, 
  finally youtube did not mess up with their changes , been a while . 
  every god damn time someone puts a video from it you have to go and binge watch it . 
  cmon rain of chaos is the best troll card . 
  it depends on how you define cheap ? 
  screwing up our environment to a point where it would screw up most of the economies is pretty expensive ( hell even now it creates a lot of weather problems which cost us a lot ) . 
  it only has an illusion of being cheap because we are ignoring all the costs . 
  it will not last long , there already is a trend to move away from fossil fuels and eventually the price of it will be increased to a point where it will not be feasible . 
  just because you cant link disasters to a certain company does not mean you ca n't punish all of them ( by increasing cost of being in the business ) . 
  they even are pushing cheap renewable options to those developing countries you are talking about . 
  would this be an actually nice way to keep them cool ? 
  seems like fine bros are afraid of someone having similar idea and making it better than them . 
  their react videos are getting more boring by the minute so they have to find fake ways to keep audience up instead of progressing ( having new age group is not really a progress ) . 
  well surrogates gets quite a bit of cash already ( probably not 10k obviously ) ? 
  that 's your interpretation ... 
  the title only states that men who had children before 25 were more likely to die earlier . 
  it does not mean that every one of them died earlier , its correlation not causation . 
  wait 10k/month for 1k mothers would be 10m/month - 120m/year . 
  i guess it 's not as much as i expected . 
  50-70 years would mean ~ 7bil . 
  this is an interesting way to spend your billions . 
  it 's ok , they will just ban immigration of locusts . 
  depends , if you are nordic then it tastes good . 
  you are lucky !, 
  we have a great solution for you !, 
  buy this piece of shit for only $ 199 each month and you will never have a problem of having money !, 
  but wait , there is more !, 
  if you pay additional $ 199 we can double the effect of not having money !, 
  what would tpp passing mean for eu countries ? 
  i wonder what was the actual conclusion and not the public one . 
  that 's pyramds level of loot damn . 
  except when i did my pyramids on wb i got pretty much nothing . 
  so ... we found waldo 's kid ? 
  nah there will already be one trunk in the bathroom so elephant will wait for his turn . 
  yea darn it , if a woman walks into the office with a dress then that 's all cool , but if i do that it 's suddenly against the dress code . 
  it 's kinda affordable in places where they cover half of the electric cars price . 
  i do n't think this one would be less complicated ... 
  i do n't really get it . . 
  obviously there will be . . that 's what technology is for . 
  that 's definitely a face of a thug cat !, 
  why would he create it when the only one complaining is you ? 
  saying unfortunately as in response does not indicate that he himself wants it to be a thing . 
  nuke !, 
  luckily , russia has a lot of polish remover left from old days . 
  or will never open them again , saves a lot of money when buying gifts . 
  the way i have been playing recently , 1 win is a good win streak . 
  jar jar !, 
  it 's probably about how air transfers heat to your body slower than a metal would ? 
  like i 've been in 80-90c sauna ( which is not that impressive temperature for sauna ) and i was ok . 
  there is a difference between conductive and convective heat transfer . 
  280x so not that good , but i get drop to 1fps when some people zone into my map . . 
  i just do n't get how can the game be so resource heavy . 
  i bet you would get same spikes with titanx + i7 when summoner zones into your map . 
  nah i 'm moving from dmg to silver at this point . 
  to think that couple of weeks ago i was close to eagle . . 
  at this rate i only play 1 game in evening and resort to playing smth else less frustrating ( poe or my huge backlog of games ) . 
  childhood ? 
  do this to me now and i will still have nightmares of him . 
  pretty much most people with steam have a big backlog of games because of a lot of good sales and bundles . 
  expected the bag to rip . . 
  shaking hands might be a stressful thing in india . 
  have the game but do n't have a controller yet , will play when i have money for it . 
  wrong poe but i guess still a great game . 
  how can he even float with balls like that ? 
  i was so confused before i read the username . . 
  is that national anthem of usa ? 
  hmm the room looks bigger than that in which i saw her 10 years ago . 
  but pretty much same amount of people . 
  i 'm just curious how that behavior helps him in the wild ? 
  i 'm just curious , what does prevent you from calling someone you are in relationship with a best friend ? 
  baymax is the best dinner companion . 
  i think it 's the hair which gives the superpowers , or maybe it 's maybelline . 
  this !, 
  sleeping too much or too little can make you feel tired . 
  downloaded ram so might as well download a car .
