  the ping pong ball is too big to swallow ... 
  wow , that makes me wonder how far mods will go , terraria mods were a bit disappointing at some parts . 
  yea understood that , thats what makes starbound 100 times better . 
  for me it doesnt even start : /, 
  minecraft devs are very bad in supporting modding . 
  nah i mean when it was there it crashed just at the start . 
  yea i like how terraria looks a bit more . 
  thanks . 
  wow thats quite a list , thanks . 
  just got e-ink reader so tying to find what to read . 
  everyone knows if you inject poison put the item in second row . 
  darwin award is only awarded to those who die and stop their gene spread . 
  though this guy didint die . 
  i dont think they would recognize him . 
  product placement, 
  arent these teenage alien ninja turtles ? 
  ie should be an old lady . 
  it might be just normal mirakuru , they said several times that it can have other effects than just strength and healing factor . 
  could be , i just want to see more super-powers starting to emerge , as its monster of the week-esque at the moment so they might as well put more into it . 
  where else would you take dick pics ? 
  wow how did i not get that , i know the flags and was trying to figure out what period of time that was from ... 
  well maybe she just wants her salad tossed ? 
  you probably should have added deaf kid to make meme more sense without title . 
  idk , i liked smallville version of lex when he was young . 
  they can make him younger in the movie , its not like they have followed comics precisely in first one . 
  was wondering , how does he do notes , is there someone who takes notes for him ? 
  i just nerdpole and shoot down at him , a bit harder in low-graw world but still works and takes less time or risk . 
  as its already easy to take effective notes :d i usually learn better from the books/electronic version of professors notes , than the notes i make . 
  yea but to do so , professors have to be good and make subject interesting , where in my case we have quite a lot of them unprepared , not motivated and with content unchanged since 2005 or so . 
  i end up learning more , and more efficiently alone . 
  reposts are necessary , not everyone surfs reddit 24/7 and sees all the good content . 
  they are also inevitable as people are not unique and they tend to get same ideas especially in socially enforcing environment . 
  they just glued the front to a normal bus it seems . . 
  its me or it looks like an axe not a bat ? 
  gismo doesnt want milk , its after 12 already !, 
  you should get that checked out . 
  hard to tell if its really small bath or big dog ... 
  im pretty sure it might have something to do with drugs , lots of and all kinds of drugs . 
  kills also dont matter , what matters is if you win round or not , so get rid of all stats ... 
  i can finish reddit for today !, 
  blue skin , purple skin ... is this hunger games , prison fits the 3rd book . 
  only 1 type of troops ? 
  \\ m / ` o ' \\ m /, 
  the 3rd book divided in 2 movies so he fills the first part , but what about the second ? 
  its hard to think about the book without him . 
  he is a major role in 3rd book , killing him would be a problem , especially since first part movie is filmed already . 
  and second half of your scenario wouldnt happen it would also deviate from book too much . 
  but does last of us have advanced fish ai ? 
  yea but making a new character with his personality in a middle of the book arc is not really good idea . 
  2 of them shows nuts , i bet cake has nuts so the clouds are not like the others ? 
  from the list of jokes which make me choke . 
  i even forgot they had dogs , didint even touch the game . 
  how can someone be so narrow minded , the kills point was a sarcasm , but you fail to even notice that . 
  assists do matter and everyone who were left alone to defend a bomb against 3 people with 20 life will agree . 
  have you even watched any competitive games , claiming assists dont matter is more casual case than hardcore . . 
  kills also dont matter as they know who they kill , what a fucking stupid point you are trying to make ... low hp almost never will win a high ranked game , sometimes of course he can , but it happens rarely . 
  i hope you are just trolling because your arguments are some kind of hormonal 13 year olds rant ... 
  hope it doesnt end up how it ended for jackson after his fire accident . . 
  no she could get addicted to pain killers and overdose . 
  i agree , but its not always easy to determine if someone is getting `` hurt '' or not . 
  you dont even cover your case ? 
  there is no valid reasoning coming from you why they should get rid of assists , because they do matter and everyone will agree with that and only you have this opinion . 
  therefore you should place statements as to why they should get rid of it and not to repeat the same idea over and over again even after you get counter-argument on it quite some time ... i dont even think you are playing at a competitive level to push such statements . 
  toxic water also is good . 
  you do n't understand that its a tactical fps and its not the kills which matter ... 
  but fuck it , i 'm not going to discuss with a troll anymore . . 
  thats because almost no country plays american football , most play rugby . . 
  yea well maybe you know . . 
  us states were colonies or something ? 
  that actually makes sense , in an arrogant way at least . 
  well i wonder how it was with uks colonies , when russia occupied my country they forced ban on our language literature , were harsh on intellectuals who were not obedient and etc , so we obviously resent that . 
  a spear , and stand next to bulky armor . 
  idk , i have a lot great moments even though i dont play with friends and i play at pretty low skill base ( last silver rank / first gold rank bumping around these ) . 
  so conversion is so random that we have to have 5 numbers behind decimal point ? 
  what an interesting childhood memories this brings back . . 
  you mean exactly like edward ? 
  and now all movies scenes where they cut achilles tendon flashes through my memories . 
  and im pretty sure its opposite to dogs , and other big mammals ? 
  sad that you dont have a name appropriate to pop star :(, 
  thats because weapons are randomly generated from separate parts , similarly to creatures . 
  well i didint play that much of 1.6 but still , you have to love random kids screaming on voice chat , russian players raging and etc. 
  i need to start playing pugs but i dont think im good enough . 
  thats how marathon was born . . or it had to do something with war and messengers . . easy to mix up . 
  oh another guy im naming librarian of gifs . 
  yea that , and there was another one about cannibals and few other films . 
  thats quite a good shock factor to put into cringe films . 
  god of tv gifs . 
  `` he was carrying 20 knives thats where the stab wounds came from , i swear '', 
  they seem to do on king , now trying the higher difficulty so might try when i get back but probably does too , if i get to un with all those armies around my squishy rapid expansion . 
  i want to try large amount of civ game , but im afraid it would hurt my pc much , how much does map size affect lag ? 
  well when playing on king i can easily bribe one or two countries to war someone , it just takes a lot of resources and gpt, 
  well they were n't allowed , so the only thing they could have done is not agree to play . . 
  but its still a good performance . 
  i havent even played scenarios , are they fun ? 
  which ones are up to date ? 
  at first i thought '' oh , cyborg ? '', 
  . . and then i remembered its marvel . . 
  i just started watching , ran through first 2 and ending 3rd season . 
  and now angel spinoff is coming close so i got a question , is there a chronological sequence to watch these 2 series side by side for better immersion ? 
  a bit off-topic , am i only one who was disappointed in originals ?
