  why not using public transport ? 
  is it not available ? 
  how did you even think this would be relevant ? 
  what else can you say when an alien sheds his armor which was sealing his immeasurable power . 
  the same way it is done in other countries . 
  it is just a reason to start the investigation . 
  you can easily confirm this after some time . 
  vr is more about camera moving around and ability to quickly render objects from any side . 
  physics are not related much to this . 
  especially these type of object interactions . 
  the only thing related to physics which can cause problems in vr is lighting/reflections . 
  plenty of old accounts you can easily acquire and use . 
  poor guys , they think they are birds . 
  probably ios11 since it erases apps by itself . 
  definitely higher , and cheaper to maintain . 
  people seem to forget that cost of a car does not stop after you buy it . 
  glad to see that even if he has trouble speaking to crowds he still shows up instead of hiring random pr bullshit like other companies . 
  obviously part of it is because it is making his products seem more approachable and honest which boosts the sales . 
  probably building factories went more smoothly than he expected , or the original timeline was conservative . 
  or houses with cats . 
  if pewdiepie can get fucked by them then anyone can . 
  only channels which do violate the community guidelines gets to keep the big ad revs . 
  better call treeceracops . 
  is this a gif of a gif ? 
  wtf going on at bottom right corner ? 
  the problem for a lot of people is that they cant pay for the content . 
  pirating is the only option if they want to see it without waiting for a year . 
  that is still illegal and would count as pirating in a lot of cases . 
  using it to stream content can be illegal due to copyright laws . 
  what about fixing robots which fixes robots ? 
  hold my expelliarmus , i 'm going in !, 
  seen it several times , still find it funny . 
  so why not ? 
  yea , dutch are going under . 
  if movies taught me anything it is that amsterdam is prefect for bankers pastime . 
  sea land is gone , new sea land needs to pay the bill . 
  that is exactly why it costs that much , the older the idea the more expensive it becomes to find a ways to improve it . 
  that is utterly irrelevant . 
  those people are outside job market . 
  yes , stability and long term view . 
  definitely , though it does depend on how it 's implemented . 
  there are always two sides of the coin . 
  sounds boring . 
  did n't ussr attack poland as ally of nazis ? 
  so they liberated them from themselves ? 
  not only electric but also autonomous . 
  though 10k extra is hard to pay for something like that at the start . 
  well you will still need to pay for electricity , but about half as much . 
  maintenance costs are also smaller . 
  not everyone lives in houses . 
  apartments are more expensive though . 
  a lot of pundits also do not seem to comprehend the scale of the problem . 
  the amount of refugees is pretty insane . 
  especially in places like lebanon . 
  more like terabytes . 
  average car is not what current tesla are compared to , those are luxury cars . 
  you are over exaggerating . 
  and making robot which takes pictures is not a long way from designing other machines , they break because of the same principles . 
  you are fear mongering without producing any substance to support your claims . 
  no one will take you seriously if you are the aggressor . 
  can you provide reputable sources and not usatoday and telegraph ? 
  these are known to pull statement out of their asses from time to time . 
  so no expected long term impact . 
  what about godzilla ? 
  some people have disability where they ca n't stop watching things they hate . 
  i tried turning auto translation of the annotations and that made me understand even less . 
  not for long , we are running out of stuff for the battery . 
  cool, 
  it was a pretty fun feature , sad that it got killed . 
  so did ggg . 
  this is 2017 , that should be expected . 
  why fear ? 
  that is what this is supposed to be . 
  wtf are you talking about ... 
  this has nothing to do with being passive aggressive towards him nor this is about suicide . 
  it is just a years old meme to send comment chain towards lyrics from a song . 
  this bill screws eu quite badly , so eu will retaliate and that will put a downward pressure on us economy . 
  at this point putin is the only winner of this bill since he can continue to push the `` everyone is bullying us '' agenda and also destabilize europe a bit more . 
  i do n't see this bill holding for long . 
  well majority of people are poor , so it is irrelevant . 
  well i am in no way an expert on this issue so take everything i said with a grain of salt . 
  i 'm viewing this as an european and to some extent an economist . 
  there is only so much you can do until people will stand up to it , venezuela is good example of power elite slowly crumbling . 
  but eu relies on energy trade with russia . 
  and these sanctions are pretty much targeting that . 
  for me recommended videos used to be from my subscriptions and they used to be pretty much what i would already watch after filtering trough my subscriptions . 
  but recently it somehow became total crap . 
  and allegedly it is based on true facts . 
  pattinson plays a character who believes he was a dog in past life so it kinda fits in your description i guess ? 
  would a cheetah even hunt it ? 
  i was doubting between cheetah and leopard . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  wait . . really ? 
  i saw it only recently and i thought it was just a reference to that . 
  yea , i 'm playing frost blade and i am having a blast . 
  not sure what to take for single target fights though . 
  we written you off as a lost cause . 
  you will melt into the sea . 
  they do n't make as cool looking cars as they used to . 
  one of those facebook type of crap with oversized white boarders .
