  thats why i said `` if it catches on '' , im aware its an social or whatever experiment . 
  atm im playing roa/frienzy ranger on domination , but im not sure if i should stay with roa , no particular nodes keeping me there except the high level skill gem . 
  my build might be a bit inefficient but im inexperienced so have low understanding of where to go on my tree . 
  which proves that god exists because there had to be a starter of the cycle !, 
  and the god is some dumbass driving a bike at highway speed . 
  i wonder if bots are the ones collecting the free games . 
  how is it unfair ? 
  the value of 5-6l is way bigger than 1-3l in terms of power gained from it , therefore the weights has to exist in order to make power harder to obtain and make it valuable in economy in terms of currency . 
  then ill pack my portfolio and leave . 
  do if i have node which gives 5 % inc evasion and i have iron reflexes then it will be 5 % inc armor ? 
  yea that 's what i meant , just wrote it badly . 
  but when you think about it , its pretty easy to devise a bot which would do it , unless it uses some kind of page encoding for each click , which i didint notice in source of the page . 
  thanks for info , i was also considering if not bots then latency for some particular places . 
  its a sailing ship , so its probably not totaly horizontal because its a storm , so wind is strong ( dont know how that scales up but i sailed sailing boats many times ) , sitting/laying ( to stop yourself from bumping your head ) like this is actually pretty comfortable on a sailing ship , also that might be a good spot for lower sea sickness . 
  or im misunderstanding what you are pointing out . 
  the set number kinda encourages people to join less popular races and like this kinda tries to balance the numbers of participants.though increasing number a bit might be ok , its still early in game to actually tell real longterm numbers so its risky to tweak it that much . 
  you still gain many points for reaching levels . 
  someone had big kidney stone . 
  he used it all up crafting white sockets . 
  just make sure you can afford them with your gear off . 
  because its so easy to get one, 
  well they can always use dynamic anesthetics . 
  well usually when i asked , people suggest that having 0 chaos resist is the lowest you should have ( the more than that the better ) and is equivalent to having other resists capped . 
  as for dominus , i find fighting him way better with party . 
  actually im a mathematician and i know that there was an .454235126366 ( 454235126366 ) in there, 
  screw the system !, 
  though it was n't that good , he didint write it in jabba speech . 
  he might have won one or two strong man competitions . 
  yes , thats where -.006 periodical adjustment comes from . 
  the good old prank . 
  so many variations of ways to make the victim do that . 
  thats why there are so many tentacles , no need to censor them . 
  disappointed , no boobs . 
  but does it breathe fire ? 
  most common foods now include many different chemicals which werent that common decades ago , therefore there are a lot of new risks involving mixing those chemicals together by consuming certain foods . 
  technically it should make sure , though same as pharmacy - food industry circulates a lot of money , so some of the things are looked away from.its the same with e chemicals , it lacks a good research and each year we hear about how some of them which were used commonly are actually bad for us.testing each of the combination would take too much time to do it in reasonable time so they are not taken off the market until something is found . 
  so 1 karma gives 0.00000001 coins which can be a lot for people with hundreds of thousands of karma , but still 50cents is amazing . 
  right next to exhalt also . . 
  anyway gratz , would be interested in a guide how to rush nemesis , planning to going out of domination because i think i might have ruined my build too much . 
  obviously i would n't do it in 17hrs solo , but still i have no idea to how boost my speed of getting to endgame content a bit . 
  werent the band in us repelled ? 
  non american so i might just dreamt that . . 
  lazy american invention ? 
  ( no offence intended , a lot of inventions comes out of laziness ), 
  there are tons which came from curiosity , for example how would telescope come from laziness ? 
  i dont think galileo thought about that :d, 
  or wait for the doctor to come for a visit . 
  thats a technique used by most of hardcore players in any game where thats possible.though i never had good enough reflexes to alt f4 fast enough . 
  your sister ... during recent reddit trends you must know how that sounds . 
  all of these have ads added on top of the sites , just another ad revenue ripoff . 
  yea i was wondering if you were subscribed to that particular subreddit . 
  the sites ad redirects to are separate from the people who gets revenue from the adds.the ads are added on top of already known websites which has their own ads.this person just soaks the revenue of traffic to sites which have totally different owners which actually give the bitcoins . 
  there are lots of incest related trend, 
  yea sorry , sleepy + studying macroeconometrics = cant write a reasonable explanation . . 
  if you include darknet side of reddit then probably nothing . 
  well maybe there are no rabbits fighting crocodiles subreddit but there will be someday . . 
  that would be terrible , any dc or power outage or crash would mean death . 
  if that happens lets all pray for safety of the passengers privates . 
  well probably my favorite gaming moments was when i used to play incredible machines with my grandfather when i was a kid . 
  to infinity and away ... lol, 
  well you should try to group mobs up and kill them while running forward , dont stop too much for anything , try to do ident , passive skills while moving . 
  at least thats what i gathered from streams , the timing on these races are a bit inconvenient so cant try myself . 
  the problem for me was that the timing of ledge/descent is pretty terrible , could n't do any of these because of their timing . 
  yep some of nodes are still waiting for respec points , though i didint know that accuracy doesnt matter to roa , thanks for insight . 
  and yea im planning to take blood magic , but first i would need to get rid of mind over matter.but blood magic is kinda scary to pick , dont have tons of leech or regen . 
  ziggy video of recent ledge is pretty good to get some knowledge . 
  vaults from moon to earths orbit.it would be a long competition . 
  or thats just the ordinary trolling ggg sometimes puts in . 
  i call cheatz !, 
  yea schedule is very bad for me also , add the latency issues for many europeans . . we are poor bastards :(, 
  love this program , some games create crazy patterns . 
  ( like minesweeper or solitaire ), 
  ms heisenberg , the coke cook . 
  wait , they banned that sub ? 
  where is reddit freedom now ? 
  isnt this popular opinion on reddit ? 
  wanted to buy this but my 60l tank is too small , so i got frogs instead . 
  know how that feels , though thats probably the case for most of the depressed people . 
  e-reader with electronic ink, 
  cool , thats a free footprint effect . 
  bath  shower . 
  and yes , im a dude . 
  i also had few more desyncs but it didi n't seem that worse , beaten my level i got from descent . 
  first of all , calm down and organize your post , terrible chaotic writing style does n't help your case . 
  it is chaotic , grammatical composition is terrible , each sentence is incorrect , random uppercase writing . 
  even using google translate would provide you with more grammatically correct text . 
  if you wo n't fix the grammar and use more formal writing style no one will take you seriously . 
  it depends , do you think you can take the dominus on , is your level too high to get efficient exp ? 
  if yes then complete it and move on . 
  you have to go to pvp and give rngesus some tribute fights , only then he will be pleased and consider to help you . 
  ugh i fall for these troll posts too much sometimes ... 
  more people should realize how much pvp pleases rngesus . 
  and then die horribly to next encounter . 
  damn curiosity , one day it will kill me , or drive me insane . 
  vodka is soda there , pure alcohol is alcohol . 
  yea usually when i hear pure alcohol i dont think of it as 100 % but as 95 % or close , but im mathematician not a chemist , so pardon if i said something wrong . 
  i guess ill have to be up 8am at weekend . 
  got the key and opened the tower . 
  was solo.i already wrote that i finished her q at npc . 
  i was like `` better use town portal ... oh shit '',
