  well , i can not agree with you ... and we both know that the left block government is not legitimate for a big part of the population . 
  1 ) while voting there was not even the slightest clue that these three parties would sign an agreement 2 ) it is an agreement built to take out the right from the government and not an agreement to build an alternative 3 ) extremist parties in the bloc ... 
  i see no problem in that ... 
  speak by yourself . 
  then , wen we call troika again do n't cry . 
  prepare for the second bailout !!, 
  a country with so much courage and intervention in public affairs will never become a failed state . 
  failed states are the other states , where everything happens and nobody does nothing . 
  yeah , and you said it is portuguese people fault ? 
  do i need to remember you that the coalition psd/cds ( center right ) won the elections ? 
  it is not fair to say that portuguese people want this . 
  god , i miss berlin so much ... 
  i 've been there for 3 months and it was really amazing . 
  the city is so full of life . 
  i like 5th and 7th . 
  its not a question of left and right . 
  i 'm a `` righter '' too ... 
  it 's a question of the principles and being liberal or conservative . 
  when you are against individual freedom ( by defending a idealistic image that people have to follow ) , when you stand for isolacionism , nationalism ( very different from patriotism ) ... all of that already happened in history , with bad results in the end ... 
  it is sad to see one of the european economies with so much potential to disappear like this ... 
  history repeats itself ... is now easy to know what will happen . 
  this was today , in a portuguese beach during a nato exercise . 
  borrowing implies payment ... 
  people , prepare for giving us more money . 
  with this new government ( with far-left and communists ) , i 'm 100 % sure that we wo n't pay anything . 
  austrian school my friend . 
  the best school , 
  voters ? 
  which voters ? 
  there are only votes , not voters . 
  now you said everything ... 
  i already had this tought myself . 
  costa did an horrible job in lisbon ... 
  but since the majority of the population is not in lisbon , they still believe that he did a good job . 
  now , my opinion , i hope paf wins , for the sake of this country . 
  not for present , but specially for the future . 
  thanks , 
  it will be a crucial sunday for portugal . 
  what do you need the guns for ? 
  ( excluding militia members ), 
  if he is still in power its because a great majority of people is , at least , not bothered by his politics . 
  recent erdogan actions say everything about turkey ... 
  sad i di n't visit istanbul before the guy came into power . 
  do n't like nato --  russian spy -- ' really ? 
  european alliance only . 
  each country with its own army . 
  if secretly hope for a trump victory , so that nato cease to exist . 
  so you grow , than the crisis got you and you are done . 
  ai n't nobody got time for that ... 
  after nato destruction of serbia this should n't be news ... 
  same here !!, 
  i would like to see a pirate party victory !, 
  no exception . 
  lisbon center is much more expensive than odivelas , for example . 
  totally true . 
  i sometimes ask myself what young greeks feel when they forecast their future and this enormous challenge they will have to face . 
  it is unfair for them , and the post to which i answered basically spits on the effort that the young greeks make everyday . 
  and who are you to tell they were partying ? 
  you assume that everyone was fine with uncontrolled spending and corruption ? 
  what about those who always worked hard , always had a hard life , and because of incompetent governments lost everything ? 
  and their children , who have to pay this until they die ? 
  and their grandchildren ? 
  what makes you think you can even remotely know what people face everyday in greece ? 
  well , my country is also on the mud , but i do n't think for a moment that things here are even close to greek situation . 
  `` how dare they shit on eu ? '', 
  wrong question . 
  how dare eu shit on people everyday ? 
  yeah , they are heroin addicts , eu is their dealer ... 
  really nice sound !, 
  and sintra is a fantastic place , 
  how is it supposed that we `` pick up '' if we pay 4,7 % of our gdp to debt interest ? 
  a value that is going to increase next year . 
  this year we payed 8,4 k m $ to interest ... 
  the first is not exactly a proudly reality ... and even without eu it can still happen . 
  the end of eu does not mean to build walls on every border . 
  i was talking about corruption inside eu . 
  national corruption is a different problem . 
  nation states that help each other as they wish . 
  if you want to be support russia , you can , if you want to isolate , you can , if you want to be friendly with everybody , you can ... each country decides what to do . 
  you fail to recognition that this is n't only an economic problem ... migration , corruption , lack of democratic justice inside instititutions , and especially : ignorim the problems of common people . 
  ofc is just my opinion . 
  2 years ago i was a federalist . 
  now ? 
  its so obvious that eu is only dragging the majority of the members to mud ... 
  eu is the cancer here : - it slowly kills you - hard to do surgery and remove it - you have to suffer to get free, 
  portugal is also against sanctions . 
  we have companies exporting products to russia , and it is a good potential market for our wine , for example . 
  so , this time , eu can go ... 
  talking about monthly rents , ofc ... and i am especially talking about avenidas novas , saldanha/picoas , areeiro , av . 
  roma ... 
  good that lisbon is becoming a main destination among international students and young adults , but for natives , this is bad news ... because while foreigners come with their savings/wages , our wage is the same , and if the costs highly increase because of tourists , the city is taken from the people that always lived there . 
  5 years ago , you could find a t1 in the centre of the city for 400 $ . 
  now ? 
  the transport system is totally flooded by tourists , making it impossible to move to and from your office/school/etc ... 
  that is why we always pick great politicians , right ? 
  i was born in 92 . 
  all i ever knew was crisis ... 
  and who will pay the new electric car ? 
  because lots of people ca n't afford one ... 
  proudly alone !,
