which are ? 
  sending the tanks ? 
  yes , because that will work ... people have voted . 
  they have the right to see their decision in practice . 
  catalonia will be independent , finally . 
  this proves that to integrate well you need to have low rate of immigrants per capita ... 
  truly beautiful song and it really touches my heart ... my grandfather died of cancer last year . 
  they can declare unilateral independence . 
  why does independence needs to represent economic or political advantage ? 
  people feel they do n't belong in spain , they have different language , culture , history background etc so they become independent . 
  it is actually pretty simple . 
  i 'm very happy for the things that catalonian people are achieving . 
  you can make it !!, 
  one day , catalonia will be a country . 
  i hope it will be very soon !, 
  the courage of catalonian people and the dedication to this ideal is fantastic . 
  we haver the upper hand --  we have oil ... 
  but even with oil our population lives in total misery . 
  not really . 
  i 'm not asking which country you would like to live in . 
  instead , i am asking which country offers a better perspective to the future when we consider the possibility of starting a life there . 
  the problem is the visa system . 
  very hard and expensive to enter , even if you are a graduate . 
  and about the crimes commited by donetsk people republic militias ?? 
  when will recognise that the problem is not in the inner borders , but in the schengen external border ? 
  i totally support it . 
  i do n't care if they chose communism , socialism , fascism , wtv . 
  people should have the freedom to vote for independence . 
  here in portugal is 1000 $ for each course year . 
  this happened to me in salamanca : i asked for a bottle of water in portuguese ( we say water in the same way ) . 
  the waiter said that he did n't understand ... 
  i asked a second time , this time in english , the same ... 
  i finally requested the manager and he finally brings the water . 
  similar situations happened to my friends ... 
  why do you say that you do n't understand what we are saying when , in reality , you understand it ? 
  i doubt that portugal pays something to asylum residents or underage asylum residents . 
  i do n't know many european cities , by absolutely loved vienna . 
  fascists ??? 
  makes no sense at all ... 
  when italy asked for help , nobody cared ... now is there a problem ? 
  lol really ? 
  like our coin worths anything ... euro is our future , escudo will only bring more misery and poverty . 
  so beautiful !!!, 
  and that moment when you think lots of people want to end all this ... 
  not all european countries have the same opinion on this . 
  we received a lot of immigrants in 2001-2006 from ukraine and we also have lots of immigrants from our former african colonies . 
  even with this , i think arround here people do n't hate immigration ... 
  nice review analysis , 
  well , then it will come the nightmare of forming a majority in the chamber ... 
  what is happening in sweden ? 
  well , i never been into any nordic country but i really like their tv productions . 
  after seing bron and now seing borgen , i like the sound of it . 
  it sounds somehow sophisticated . 
  `` now we are all sons of bitches '' k.bainbridge, 
  you ca n't find cheaper than portugal . 
  houses are cheap ( comparing to other countries , even greece ) , the cost of life is low , lots of beaches , warm weather and sun , 
  that is actually a good point . 
  have n't tought about that ... 
  almost nothing , which means that they would need to increase their export industry ... also , from the point of the creditors , my country has to put 2,5 % of this new package and i do n't think that we will ever see this money again . 
  that happens only if you print crazy ammounts of new coin ... and back to the main question : why is this option better than grexit ? 
  of course it will be there , but by that time greece economy will be adjusted to new coin and i think that will provide some capacity to pay a part of the debt . 
  here it is really strong ... 
  when i was in berlin , one thing that always confused me was the intensity of public lights , it was so low that from a small distance you could n't even see the streets ... 
  of course greece lost gdp ... 
  it was more than a decade of false growth with borrowed money . 
  the loss of gdp is only the adjustment of the country to reallity ... 
  as a portuguese , in the possibility of a 3rd package of help , my country has to put more 2,5 % to greece ... we are suffering here , making very big sacrifices to pay our debt and to honor our obligations and now we will get more cuts just because the greeks do n't care about their own obligations ?? 
  how is this fair ?? 
  the greek lived many years with a totally fictional economy , creating pseudo growth with borrowed money . 
  even in these last years , the greeks keep luring the tax system . 
  this is not a question of good or bad intentions , it is a question of rules and they apply to everyone inside the eurozone . 
  germany did n't pay but still give ... others just receive money into a big black hole , helped nothing or almost nothing and still cry everyday saying it is germany 's fault ... 
  thats the almost the mean temperature here , every summer ... 
  do n't compare a bank crisis with a state debt crisis ... 
  yes , in portuguese the noun is `` boicote '' and the verb is `` boicotar '', 
  us should mind their own business ... 
  as a portuguese , i totally support it !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgemmoljq5i we should always be proud . 
  portugal stronk !, 
  not allied with the us or russia . 
  well , lisbon ma ( carcavelos beach ), 
  i really do n't understand the downvotes . 
  workers today face so many challenges and problems , especially in my country . 
  people should n't lose their rights , so this day is important as a remembrance day !, 
  downvoting because of communism or socialism , or wtv , means that you are either a privileged worker or you do n't work at all . 
  happy 1st of may . 
  the owner is turkish . 
  from what i understand , the student was ethnic portuguese , with a darker skin tone . 
  probably his parents were brazilian or african . 
  another mainstream newspaper `` jornal de not\u00edcias '' is also reporting this ... 
  i 'm expecting it on tv very soon . 
  we are going again to the two europes thing . 
  very sad , and , apparently , the polish government somehow aligns itself with this type of behavior . 
  just to say that this already reached main portuguese media and a complaint was made to portuguese consulate . 
  and then some say `` our european brothers and sisters '' ... really a shameful act . 
  here is more socialism and communism . 
  in my opinion the majority of eu structures are now highly delusional . 
  1 ) absolutely paralized with refugees crisis 2 ) economy is a wreck 3 ) total limbo when we consider eu spectre of action now and what it should be in the future . 
  so , juncker is `` catching hats '' as we say in portugal ( ie he still does n't understand the situation ), 
  you guess it wrong .
