  also , the hipocrisy of media and western world ... russia invades a country ( which is unacceptable ) and the world condemns , us does the same , the world aplauses . 
  this proves also that eu is just a puppet . 
  us atacking an independent country is suddenly fine , even for eu ... ok . 
  so , can we pick the next one ? 
  10t of democracy !, 
  well , he has some power , to pass or block some laws and to dismiss the parliament . 
  but usually , it is just diplomacy . 
  chaos is a ladder . 
  many who try to climb it , fail ... never try to climb it again , the fall breaks them . 
  and some are given the chance to climb , but they refuse ... only the ladder is real , the climb is all there is . 
  1st fillon ( 60 % ) , 2nd le pen ( 58 % ), 
  i do n't like his politics , but he really cares about the problems of the people . 
  it is the same in portugal , 
  you assuming that both are mutually exclusive . 
  they do n't . 
  you do n't have to accept migrant to improve their life . 
  you improve their life by offering the best conditions you can on their home country ( ending war p.e ) . 
  did i say that ? 
  france is a country with some serious problems that have been getting worse in the last years . 
  that does n't make it like zimbabwe, 
  you do n't understand because you do n't live the reality of those people ... 
  summer is coming !, 
  together in sharing women and booze !, 
  arround the world , arround the world \u266a, 
  makes every sense . 
  for gay people is probably better under afd rule than islamic rule . 
  its exactly the opposite ... 
  the peak has yet to come , because this is only starting . 
  did you read the post ? 
  because it starts change , it defies the current state of things . 
  closer to what federalists want ? 
  exactly the oposite ... a true european union ( of different countries ) , that does n't relly on german hegemony, 
  left and right is last century classification system ... 
  i just want someone who has the courage to do this : * block and control all european external borders . 
  * system of quotas for visas * eurobonds * double system ( like senate and congress ) * greece direct haircut ( 50 % at least ) * block free trade with china and us thats why i really would like wilders to win ... stop the status quo , do change , for bad or good , change creates oportunity and alternatives . 
  i still wait for the catalyst to change the state of things for once and all ... 
  it was not today , wo n't be this year or next , but i 'm confident in change before 2025 . 
  vvd aproach to immigration is too soft , probably without any expressive practical result ... 
  did i say that ? 
  but you ca n't ignore that there are problems emerging ... 
  most people do n't see it , but this is a victory for all the parties like pvv . 
  some years ago , they had little support , but it is growing , and growing ... 
  it is easy to see their results in 2020-25 . 
  well , as i said in some other ocasions , economics is not everything ... also , if 15 % of people vote for someone like wilders , there are problems that are not being adressed by mainstream parties . 
  there is no smoke without fire . 
  maybe people are happy with the status quo , i do n't know ... 
  so everything like it was before , the good old status quo ... 
  130 % debt , very fragile economy , only relying on tourism , 0 reforms of the state ... 
  nothing good can come out of this . 
  spain probably , but i 'm not confident about portugal :(, 
  but now , while others have a good future ahead , we are deep in debt ... 
  currently working in lisbon :(, 
  this is inside my city county limits , 
  case to say : not a two speed europe but a two major climates europe xd, 
  and why should we deal with this problem ? 
  even more , when we have our internal problems to solve ... 
  her electorate probably only vote because of her anti-immigration policies . 
  i am a train lover and this is an amazing footage . 
  it is good to the investment in train transportation instead of highways . 
  also , the scenery is amazing !!, 
  the rail seems in bad shape , but the scenery is nice . 
  macron is everything but a neoliberal ... 
  i fear that he will perform very poorly controlling frencg economy . 
  you wan na bet on greece leaving eurozone and eu ? 
  lets see what eu will get after that . 
  the the default swaps thats db has , worthing b $ . 
  thats your opinion . 
  in my opinion , and in this particular case , only catalans should vote . 
  for the one than vote no , then , if they want , they can leave catalonia . 
  just as people who dislike trump can leave the us , etc. . . 
  no constitution should ever block the right to self determination . 
  you do n't see it , mas the plan is going full steam . 
  the portuguese will slowly take control of luxembourg , and then , we will funnel the money to pay our debt . 
  are you afraid ? 
  of what ? 
  war ? 
  not too well ... 
  it was a bad decision . 
  man please ... let me present you a roundabout inside a roundabout , right in the center of lisbon http://www.joaomassena.pt/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/ng2122210.jpg http://c9.quickcachr.fotos.sapo.pt/i/bf60702ab/9209827_jc0og.jpeg http://mediaserver2.rr.pt/newrr/rotunda-marques-alteracoes-transito63224164_664x373.jpg, 
  do n't assume that everything is about economics ... 
  not in italy ... 
  the system criticizing someone who want to quit the system ? 
  does n't make sense ... 
  what prosperity ? 
  resistam !!!, 
  ( in portuguese ! ), 
  do n't give up and keep strong !, 
  an unified europe so you can keep sucking every hope out of the southern countries . 
  what is that ? 
  super bowl ? 
  bowling competition ? 
  i really would like to see and join something like this on my country ... portugal is devastated by corruption , everyday for the last century ( at least ) . nobody seems to care . 
  respect from your latin brothers !, 
  stay strong , 
  it is already a 2 speed europe ... 
  glory to arstotzka comrade !, 
  this is the result of two things : * more than half a century of economic crisis * our mentality of explorers . 
  there are portuguese people on every corner of the world, 
  suddenly everyone wants a closer eu ... after almost kicking greece out and smiling , after keeping other countries paying debts until king come , after ruining the life of thousands of people affected by uncontrolled immigration ... are you kidding ? 
  too late for that,
