  this sentence shows that a lot of leaders have no pulse and wo n't be able to handle this problem ... 
  maybe its is time to give vehicles , training , ect to the firefighters ... 
  this happened in 2003 and it seems that we have n't learnt anything ... 
  lets explain this : wants eu labor , not midlle east labor . 
  eu , ate least in paper , has a strong influence in the europol system and in creating and maintaining mechanisms that allow tracking of suspected individuals and the ways to deal with them . 
  considering this , a lot of attacks involved individuals that have been previously referred and some of them even went to syria !, 
  so , would you say that the eu is doing its part ? 
  i 'm as equally enlightened as you ... now , lets discuss this . 
  there are two probable scenarios here : the first on is an attack done by some mentally unstable guy , the second one is terrorism . 
  sometimes they are connected and the majority of terrorists have some kind of crazyness in their body . 
  now , put a list of major attacks on civilians in the last 5years . 
  how many were commited by terrorists ( daesh attacks , al-qaeda , etc ) and how many were commited by a single mentally ill person not connected to terrorism ? 
  well , when you imply that an attack having people dead is different from an attack without dead people ... an attack is an attack , it should n't happen !, 
  so , you would say this is a reasonable outcome ? 
  they say there are 4 critically injured people ... 
  yes they count , 
  we will see  anyway , sad for the dead people and their families . 
  a troll because i do n't share your opinion ? 
  very very good text !!, 
  saved it for future reading . 
  2 years ago i was one of the most pro-eu person you could find , but eu has taken catastrophic measures since then and it is ignoring the problems that normal citizens face everyday . 
  economic crisis , poverty , immigration , international policy ... 
  failing in every field of decision . 
  hungary is on the right path and i wish you all the best , 
  so best outcome is the constant islamization of turkey ? 
  the soldiers who made the coup are heroes . 
  probably the status quo will defeat them , but this is just one battle ... 
  ahahah cry me a river !, 
  champions !, 
  to the final we go !!, 
  mr schaaeuble sees himself as the commander of eu ... 
  well , i 'm seing a pattern with the poles ... 
  keep hating and we keep going , 
  not against china . 
  like uk can fight china on this ... 
  who needs life experience on a past reality ? 
  it is very sad that people who will probably never know the effects of their voting , decide the future of an entire generation . 
  not very democratic ... 
  this is getting interesting . 
  while south gets the garbage ... 
  best things in this country : peaceful and low crime rates . 
  pagan festivities have virtually no expression arround here ... 
  shame on us ... 
  so why are n't brexit supporters asking for a change in eu structure that would allow fair representation of countries and allow direct representation of each country interests in eu ? 
  the problem with this line of argumentation is that it looks like you ca n't stand having germany ( f.ex ) as an important piece in eu decisions . 
  if i was a uk citizen i would vote leave for different reasons : - uk has a strong currency and a strong economy - uk has been suffering devastating effects from uncontrolled migration and very bad integration of certain groups . 
  i can only conclude that if you think eu as a trade block is declining , there is absolutely no point in having trade with eu . 
  i have no problem in not trading with the uk ... ( i am pro-brexit ), 
  or , governments are just incompetent and full of corruption ... that has nothing to do with integration . 
  integration does n't solve problems , it just puts a mask on issues ... 
  ofc  its just to somehow discuss this issue with someone who has the same opinion ... 
  why is further integration needed to solve anything ? 
  `` a portuguese spy was arrested in italy on suspicion of being passing information to an officer of the secret service of another country . 
  according to di\u00e1rio de not\u00edcias , the portuguese official of security service ( sis ) , was caught while passing information to a russian spy svr . 
  portuguese police ( pj ) refers only to `` the existence of suspicion of a crime of espionage , by an official on behalf of a foreign intelligence service . '', 
  according to the statement of the pj , `` a complex and sensitive operation , which took place from the end of last week and ended yesterday , following which it was possible to clarify facts regarding the practice of espionage crimes , corruption and violation of secrecy state '' . 
  there is a second person arrested . 
  fruit of the relationship between the public prosecutor , the pj and the security information service ( sis ) , and the level of international cooperation with the italian authorities , two people were arrested in rome for alleged practice of espionage crimes , corruption and violation of state secret . 
  the statement suggests that the suspects were caught in the act and that has already begun the extradition process . 
  the suspects are being held in italy . 
  the portuguese authorities already sent comissaries to italy , and the operation was supported by the italian authorities , interpol and eurojust . '', 
  i honestly think sweden is lost ... 
  the real champion party http://cdn.cmjornal.xl.pt/2016-05/img_905x603$2016_05_15_22_17_13_536364_im_635989474850472717.png slb, 
  ok , so that is a total legitimate opinion . 
  its mainly a question of liking or not . 
  but you know that the majority hate eurovision for other reasons ... 
  so why is that ? 
  who gives a shit about that ? 
  it is not all about winning ... 
  some people say it is all bad because they won in 198x and now they ca n't win anymore . 
  i see it since i was a child , i like some songs , i do n't like others . 
  i do n't make this my life , i 'm an audiophile , record collector , i listen to pink floyd and alternative music ... 
  but yeah , haters gon na hate . 
  well , your opinion , nothing more ... 
  people say it is a shit because they fail at it . 
  great winner !!!, 
  my favourite !, 
  good song from polan !, 
  ukraine must win !!!!!, 
  maybe we should leave eu ... we would continue poor but at least we would n't be puppets of certain countries/interests . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttd_ynrd4rw long trip inside the tunnel . 
  well , wikipedia say that a skyscraper is a highrise with  50m ... 
  i do n't agree tough ... 
  lisboa - parque das na\u00e7\u00f5es ( east lisbon ) on the picture you can see both torre de s\u00e3o gabriel e torre de s\u00e3o rafael with 110m . 
  on the left it is oriente railway station . 
  on the back it is vasco da gama bridge , the longest bridge in europe . 
  credits : lu\u00eds lima photography . 
  well , i confused myself skyscraper vs supertall . 
  this is what happens when i do n't go to ssc as often as i would like ... 
  these are probably highrises and not skyscrapers . 
  anyway , good pic , 
  yeah , because not wanting to be a puppet mean to leave eu ... really ? 
  the objective is to be nor russia nor us friendly . 
  that would be just as right if there was no doubt about the responsability of the attack . 
  trusting cia is just not enough ... 
  individual european countries ( france , germany , italy ... ) also supported the attack . 
  no , i am eager to see eu countries to stop dual criteria , and stop supporting acts like this one . 
  aparently is ok for eu for us to decide which countries are legit or not ... 
  it is an act of undeclared war . 
  totally !,
