  portugal is totally united , 
  i did n't say that they are evil . 
  in fact i love germany , i lived in berlin for some months . 
  but sorry to say , in this matter , they failed hard . 
  austerity fans , like germany , must be really proud . 
  only germany thinks that everything is fine ... 
  time to leave parents house and start doing something in life , right europe ? 
  the culture usually takes 2-3 days , minimum , depending on the bacteria . 
  what country are you from ? 
  i work at a hospital , and especially during this time of the year , if you have high fever and persistent cough , it is guaranteed that you will do a x-ray at the er . 
  she is a beautiful woman . 
  but what helsinki are you talking about ? 
  and to think that people voted against the party that put portugal above in something , in this particular case , education !, 
  do n't know if i should cry or laugh, 
  well , i do n't like him and he was a bad president . 
  sorry for the death of a person , not sorry for his death as former president . 
  what music is this ? 
  no , it is all natural !!, 
  a long time ago it was all a big island !, 
  the water is clean . 
  this is a very nice place . 
  i go there 2-3 times a years and i always enjoy my time there . 
  cda ... 
  do n't know that place ... 
  but i know a similar one called oliven\u00c7a, 
  at least we do n't have some cancer territories inside our country xd or things ... 
  is not a threat to our future , if people stay in their countries or adapt our values when moving to europe . 
  i have some iranian and moroccan friends and i have nothing against them ... 
  but we know that the majority do n't change their values , do n't integrate well , probably because it is a large cultural and religious gap . 
  considering this , it is important to close borders and stop mass immigration . 
  happy new year european fellas , 
  as a european union citizen , still ca n't believe in what we did to the ukraine people ... well , it shows what i already suspected : eu is a coward institution . 
  much respect for ukraine and its people . 
  spanish highways are really good ( at least the majority of them ) , and andalucia is my favourite region in spain . 
  if you think that 2016 was a bad year , get ready for 2017 , 2018 ... a different world is on motion . 
  2016 and some countries still do n't recognize the value of independence ... 
  because they are not muslim ... 
  simple and clear !, 
  but us voted to deal with that situation . 
  we will continue to die ... 
  some people say they are tired of this ... 
  but if so many people are tired why there is no answer ? 
  no change ? 
  understand one thing : there are some things more important than economy !, 
  `` some who see themselves as defenders of liberalism in the face of islam '' kinda my case ... no problem with black people , chinese , jews , no problem with intra-eu mass migration . 
  not entirely supporter of afd , fn , trump or putin , but well , colateral damage to solve the main problem . 
  if we solve this problem of mass muslim migration , maybe we can still have our united europe and all together share our culture , after all , our social and ethical values are the same . 
  le pen is going to win in 2021 , not 2017 . 
  the same with afd in germany ... 
  the did n't save europe , they did the oposite ... 
  this is a difficult and long fight my friend ... 
  is more , since we do n't experience their problems , we think that everything is fine and that they are the ones doing bad choices ... 
  but we just have to wait some years ... 
  ca n't agree with you . 
  far right supporters are still a small group ... 
  the votes of anti-establishment parties come essentially from unhappy voters from all spectra . 
  to give you an example , some people are liberal in various things , but do n't like the current way of handling migration , so they vote for these parties . 
  others , do n't like the current economic policy , etc. . . 
  wrong . 
  anti-establishment is not right or left ... m5s is anti-establishment . 
  can you classify it in the bipolar spectrum ? 
  well , can you cite me on those topics you mention ? 
  where did i talk about jews ? 
  and where did i talk about `` ethnic nationalism '' ? 
  do you know that nationalism is different from identarism ? 
  and why is that more decent than wanting to preserve culture and values , than wanting to assure more safety to citizen , than wanting to control people entering a country ? 
  but what makes you think that you are defending `` common decency '' ? 
  i always find curious that establishment voters , like you , always think that they are defending common sense ... 
  i share the same hope . 
  sad for austria ... 
  but well , next election wo n't fail for sure . 
  mr schauble continues the same path that led us to this magnificent 2016 . 
  then , some people still do n't understand why things happen ... 
  ask mr schaeuble ... 
  it is good to see that slowly more young people are also participating in this change . 
  long live our nation !, 
  with some ( a lot ) corruption mixed in ... also , our railroad has suffered a lot from this `` asphalt '' culture . 
  source : european commission data https://ec.europa.eu/transport/facts-fundings/scoreboard/compare/investments-infrastructure/quality-roads_en, 
  2 kisses . 
  it is really good to see that after all these years , european people , in this case , french people , want to take destiny in their hands and leave establishment and the normal status quo . 
  times are finally changing !, 
  in my opinion , le pen is a good choice , but too extreme in some aspects ( especially social rights ) , but fillon is also a good choice . 
  i would n't say a party that makes an agreement with far-left ( be ) and the communists ( pcp ) is moderate ... 
  and why is it finished ? 
  that is the important question . 
  in my opinion , it is finished because it was always a big lie . 
  the political elites ignored real problems for more than a decade ... `` oh it is just an opinion of some fascists ... '' . 
  now it is late to realize that common people have important problems that have never been adressed . 
  economic problems , migration problems , unemployment ... 
  i 'm not saying that this new world order will solve things , but for me , uncertainty is better than a bad certainty, 
  portugal : isolated in excelsium !, 
  speak for yourself ... best year since 2010 . 
  finally the status quo ended ... 
  but i understand it is bad news for the one profiting with it . 
  posted lisbon because it is where i am now ... do n't make a fuss because of that . 
  this started even before the summer ... 
  whenever we have higher temperatures , things start going bad . 
  this week was catastrophic , but today as even worse !, 
  lots of places have been evacuated and some districts have already activated their emergency plans . 
  i 'm on my hometown now , and here the big fires started wednesday and in this moment they are still active .
