  even with everything closed , the smell of smoke inside the house is noticeable ... 
  photo credits to / u/ihaveaninja . 
  see the map of fires [ here ] ( https://fogos.pt/ ) . 
  lisbon , 
  story of my life :(, 
  well , firstly i am portuguese and i love my country , with all its problems . 
  i really like europe too we have such an amazing culture diversity in europe that is difficult to do n't be proud !, 
  this has nothing to do with eu , because even without it i am sure that the majority of countries will still be friendly . 
  atlantic ocean if you live close to the sea ... arround here was 41\u00bac today . 
  i do n't know how the situation is in other european countries , but arround here , the best one pays 2 % after 1 year , but the average is 0,25 % ... 
  the summer houses phase already passedm unfortunately ... now especially retirees from central europe and scandinavia are seeking permament housing in lisbon . 
  now they frequently rent cars !!, 
  also , those transport vans are becomming so common . 
  last week i went to sintra on my day-off to relax a bit and get in touch with nature . 
  what i found as a tourist nightmare , i could n't even park my car because a great number of places were occupied by those transport vans . 
  income is not everything ... 
  when you start seing the degradation of your quality of life because of tourism , you will understand . 
  its happening the same in lisbon : impossible to use the tram because its totally full , the metro is also impossible , parking the car a nightmare , impossible to have a bit of peace while running in the city centre due to hundreds of people making noise and taking photos ... do n't even mention the meteoric rise of house rents, 
  orban , 
  very powerful !, 
  the difference is that we got almost nothing in return ... 
  * story of my life ... *, 
  still , nothing ever changes ... 
  still unknown , but the fire alredy changed drom castelo branco district to santar\u00e9m district, 
  eu will cease to exist before 2050, 
  i do n't agree with my country position . 
  a few k every year will not make portugal like syria in 5 years . 
  considering that these people have more children , can you say that for a 50 years time ? 
  100 years ? 
  also , this is not about my country , its about europe . 
  i 'm not saying that i do n't see any benefict in it , but this immigration problem for me is much more important than economy and other issues , because you can change economy in a few year , but it is very hard to change demography . 
  mine either . 
  i was totally pro-eu before this immigration problem ... 
  totally this !, 
  even with all the threats from eu , always trying to put fear into countries by saying that they will be fined or receive no funds , there are leaders who try to defend their beliefs and their country . 
  this guy is far away from perfect , but i somehow admire him for defying eu on this question and i am happy to know that at least some countries are fighting this ridiculous immigration policy . 
  ahaha yes , because the imf loans is the one with higher interest rate and we are getting the money from private investors at a slightly lower rate . 
  our public debt ? 
  still raising and is now the 3rd one in the eu . 
  that level is too damn russian ... 
  somehow i find truth in this ... 
  the best thing : he is totally right, 
  famously or not , after gaining independence in 1991 , has now a similar gdp pc , better hdi , very low public debt and a boom technology industry . 
  so , who needs to be famous ? 
  estonia , for example, 
  remember me what is our public debt ? 
  are we reducing it ? 
  how much per year ? 
  only outsiders think that our economy is good ... 
  nothing changed since 2005 though ... 
  the thing is that geneva convention was signed in a totally different world setting ... 
  they can rescue them , boat them again and leave them in their port of origin . 
  this is starting to look ridiculous and surreal ... 
  i was n't expecting this type of things from uk, 
  what is happening in the uk ? ... 
  of course that should be some base to start a voting procedure . 
  in this case we have a region with a different language , that was already independent at a certain time in history , and also a region with a strong economy . 
  this sounds to me as good reasons for the voting process to start . 
  ok , lets see what happens then  you continue to assume that people are `` afraid '' of the state , but it is quite the contrary . 
  each time state uses force against people that are not violent ( in this case they are voting to become independent ) , their causes becomes stronger . 
  the principles of gene sharp were applied in numerous revolutions arround the world , and it is curious that the ones in which the principles were totally applied , all succeeded, 
  you can what you are ready to give for it ... the era of the `` you ca n't '' long passed . 
  people have every right to be independent if they wish for as being part of a country is also being part of a society and that is also part of you are . 
  as you say `` a country follow the law '' , but in this case catalonians do n't feel that spain is their country anymore . 
  so , for those people spanish law does n't mean much ... 
  it should never be the former state to decide if people have the right to have a new state , it should only depend on the vote of the people in the new state . 
  in this particular case , it should only be a decision of the catalonians , and spain should accept the result that comes out of it . 
  well , imagine that 1000 people are ready to die for independence . 
  if you are ready to kill those people , then , we know what it says about the spanish state ( no pun , i love spain , but i love the right to self determination more ) . 
  and we even consider ourselves the continent of freedom ahaha total joke ... 
  lets highligh a point here : its not always about economics , and media and some people should understand this for once !!, 
  the famous one : `` saudade '' ( means that you feel king of sad and nostalgic about something or someone you miss ) , but also `` desenrascan\u00e7o '' ( is the act of solving something despite the situation or tools that you have ), 
  am i the only who think that city names should n't be translated ? 
  if they have a name in a different alphabet they shoul be read as in the native language . 
  true words ... 
  i 'm very underimpressed by the german police ... expected so much more, 
  amnesty should receive them in their own houses , 
  one starts to think about sacrificing economic state and protecting its own borders . 
  eu institutions like to see themselves as free , democratic and representative of good human values , and still , impose things that their members do n't want to do ... 
  the ones who want refugees should take them , the others do n't . 
  simple . 
  this !, 
  it is important to distinguish which type of water are we talking about , because in germany , it is usually mineral gasified water . 
  here in portugal is spring water, 
  well one can mock the situation , the truth is that it still exists ... 
  in fact , recently someone created and app that alerts users for the parisien no-go zones . 
  i know , but i did n't vote for him ... 
  well , my country has very low migrant rates , but i 'm starting to become very worried , specially about the rest of europe , and the worse thing of all is that i do n't see any action to solve or even discuss this issue . 
  what are we doing ? 
  dear roman brothers , lets invade germany !, 
  we love cash , even though we do n't have it !, 
  lille for sure , 
  it is already decided ... do n't even waste your time :(, 
  do we have a kill average per origin ? 
  because some things are classified as terrorist attacks when usually they are vandalism and night attacks to buildings . 
  lisbon with bigger score than berlin ? 
  i know both cities well and this is strange to me ... 
  no , they can use them fully when they reach 5 years, 
  not really !, 
  it is the opposite .
