  they are quite fast growing , and thats why they plant them , because they are used to make paper and grow fast . 
  this is a tree from australia , so , truly a pest that is destroying portuguese flora and making the problem of fires bigger each and every year . 
  the pest trees : eucalyptus ... 
  35\u00bac is not terrifying . 
  45\u00bac is terrifiying, 
  lisbon is going the same way ... is not our city anymore :(, 
  thank you so much !, 
  i picked the photo from facebook , but do n't know the author . 
  if someone know , credit him pls , 
  is also burning in the suburbs of my hometown --  [ pic ] ( https://i.imgur.com/hy9k10c.jpg ), 
  this is a tragedy , and with the weather this afternoon this could be worse again ... 63 dead by now , but there are still villages that have n't been counted . 
  i also want to thank other eu countries for supporting us , either with planes/men or even with moral support . 
  thanks to our spanish brothers !, 
  but also to other countries that already offered help and also to some leaders like macron , for their support . 
  europe never fails us with this problem . 
  thank you all . 
  rtp is now talking about 62 dead :(, 
  the health minister is now saying that there are probably more dead people :(, 
  true :( but the government never do anything about this , only propaganda saying that this year we have more kamovs etc. . . 
  `` at least 19 people died and 21 people were injured - ten in critical condition - in the fire in the municipality of pedr\u00f3g\u00e3o grande , in the district of leiria , said the secretary of state for internal affairs tonight , live on tvi 24 . 
  most of the victims ( 16 ) have resulted from the inhalation of smoke inside cars that circulated in a road next to the zone of the fire . 
  there are still two missing . 
  on the ground are 306 operational and 13 ambulances . '', 
  respect = 0, 
  i think it is clear that this issue was handled very very bad by the eu , especially because it imposes that every country should receive refugees instead of giving that decision to each country . 
  also , if eu wants to receive refugees , it needs to have full external boder control , both sea and land . 
  that was march weather arround here xd, 
  ukraine is one of the countries that i most admire . 
  you have the courage to fight for your beliefs , for the future , even if that means facing death . 
  never stop being like this , because this is courage and caring about your own country , and this can only mean that someday , you will achieve what you want . 
  much respect from portugal , 
  this is for tomorrow , 
  you ca n't trade us with china ... 
  so portugal is now out of eu ? 
  that would make sense if we had a good public transportation network . 
  we do n't ... 
  yes , i mean 1h from lisbon by plane !, 
  the richer pay more ... oh wait, 
  just 1h from lisbon, 
  europe will drown on it cowardness and lack of action . 
  my opinion ? 
  the west probably does n't do nothing because the solution for this problem is something that somehow is against our values and would probably require acts that compromise the freedom and well being of other people . 
  now , we either accept that we want to solve this even if it means that we need to ignore some of our values or we defend the values and can only hope for a maximum security world where the attacks are reduced but will always be present . 
  this is the choice ... 
  that is the thing . 
  the west does n't have the courage to do anything , so we just keep pretending that `` together '' everything will pass . 
  lol yes , this will stop the next terrorist attack . 
  the other countries ( mine included ) are just afraid to antagonize spain ... 
  it was much easier to ignore serbia . 
  that is what one could call cowardice, 
  i 'm a right-winger and i fully support catalan independence . 
  so why did the majority of countries promptly recognized the unilateral decision of kosovo ? 
  but that decision is a decision from the catalan state , so , they should decide if they have the referendum or not , even if spain disagree . 
  be rational . . 
  if we consider the right to self determination , that right should n't depend on the will of the actual country , because that decision would limit the right . 
  i am still amazed by some hipocrisy arround here ... every day we see posts condenmning us , russia , talking about freedom of people , the time to listen to people , etc. . . 
  yet , the amount of people here who oppose self determination is so big . 
  if the proccess is democratic , not forced and transparent , the result should be accepted by all eu member states . 
  just do n't renegociate nothing . 
  leave and its done ... simple and practical , and also cheaper . 
  i would like to see a graph of terrorist attacks by religion of the perpetrator, 
  the majority of commutings are a total hell . 
  cascais line ( a5 ) , sintra line ( ic19 ) , loures ( cril ) ... all very bad at rush hour . 
  i see some hipocrisy here ... people saying its sad , but then , are in the first row when it comes to amplifying greece debt and making more loans , instead of forgiving debt . 
  making the portuguese to move to the sub sub suburbia of lisbon ... 
  yes , the picture is from di\u00e1rio de not\u00edcias web version , a portuguese newspaper . 
  so sad :( robert miles was one of the most influential creators of electronic music of all times , and shaped the genre in the 90 's . 
  rip, 
  well this is true , but people prefer to ignore the reality ... 
  if instead of closing the eyes to problems eu did something , there would n't be any le pen or wilders, 
  in 2022 it will be marion , not marine , 
  well , i would vote fn because of a simple topic : uncontrolled immigration . 
  i do n't like fn economic ideas , i do n't like their social view , i do n't like their ties to church and i do n't like their small ( but present ) neo-nazi core . 
  but , at this moment , the way we are dealing with immigration is my main concern , thus , i would vote for them . 
  it is ridiculous that we keep accepting everyone , despite knowing that some groups integrate very poorly , despite knowing that we can not control everyone , despite knowing that it will create social problems . 
  i am not racist , i hate fascism , i do n't wish bad things to people , i just refuse to accept the results of eu immigration policy . 
  lol fascism ... get some info before posting , 
  it is a vote for the status quo . 
  that would be nice if everything was going good , but in this case , the bad things will continue, 
  not a win for europe , that is for sure ... 
  `` perception '' , 
  not going to happen , because the same is bad ... 
  ofc , the europe of banks , corruption and chinese products -, 
  what turning point ? 
  everything will stay the same ... 
  eu bought itself 5 more years , but if nothing changes , it will end before 2027 . 
  yes , better to watch the good ol' cnn and other western `` not biased '' media / s, 
  no ... macron will still win . 
  but it is really sad to see people putting hopes on him like their lifes depend on that , thinking that a le pen victory will take the oxygen and we all die in the same moment ... 
  the best of this is to see the fear among macron supporters ... 
  not normal facts . 
  western media `` facts '', 
  banks will thrive, 
  no , the lucky ones get 800 $ , the others 500-600 $ ... 
  yes , but here you have to pay the house whithout any student benefit ... that makes it harder for students to rent their own house . 
  even if you get a side job , you get 300 - 400 $ maximum . 
  if the rent is 750 $ and the room is  300 $ , how are you supposed to pay ? 
  yes , but here that is the reality for workers , not for students !, 
  that is what i did . 
  i left home at 18 , but i understand this reality .
