  just make a quick search and you will find why portugal is in nato . 
  hint : azores islands . 
  so and what is the advantage of being in a alliance led by us ( thousands of kms away from the problems ... ) ? 
  well , my country is in nato and i would prefer russian or chinese bases ... what is the point of being a nato country ? 
  it will never defend you , it is us driven instead of european driven ... 
  and what is the problem ? 
  us said `` we will not let you win '' to dozens of leaders ... 
  what austerity ? 
  russia is running out of money , in crisis , destroying itself , bla bla for how long ??? 
  just change the record . 
  it will dissolve before 2030 . 
  transitioning will be hard , but i think countries will be able to do it . 
  correction : it 's impossible to beat isis with turkey in nato . 
  so , all western media is on a crusade against russia . 
  i know that freedom is russia is a fantasy , but russia is still guided by some european fundamental values . 
  i hate erdogan and lukashenko . 
  orban is a trainee dictator , but i prefer that to blind liberals ... 
  i did n't even read the article ... 
  i 'm talking about last 6 months , where you see almost all western media trying to discredit hungary , poland ... yeah , i understand , it is a harsh reality ... 
  i was a ultra pro-liberal pro-eu guy last year , until i noticed the state of things ... 
  guardian in their crusade to discredit hungary and to cover reality ... europe has heavy bleeding , but most europeans think it is just a small cut or even nothing . 
  time to wake up !, 
  interesting speech . 
  i do n't agree with everything but is always good to see reaction to the current state of things !!, 
  i do n't fear all migrants . 
  i totally welcome all europeans , americans ( south , north ) , asians and my country received thousands of people from our colonies in africa . 
  i have 0 problems with these people !, 
  now , islamic people , even if i have a few friends ( 2 iran , 1 pakistan and 1 egypt ) that are absolutely normal people , i know that this is not the rule . 
  usually they integrate pretty badly or none at all and they just do n't have a compatible view if society , so , i just want more restrictions for their entry . 
  that is the true thing ... 
  us always wanted a weak europe , so , nothing really new here . 
  but i want to close borders and revise the immigration system ... 
  freedom of speech my friend ... / i, 
  the most anarchic country in europe is not marked as revolutionary ... 
  1 year ago i was an enthusiastic eu supporter . 
  now , with this uk deal situation and the migrants , i 'm becoming more sceptic , but i still think it is positive . 
  great post fellow countryman , 
  well , if that is popular opinion in france i think it should be respected ... 
  i do n't agree with it , but i 'm not a french citizen , so ... 
  well , portuguese people understand spanish and italian , but they do n't understand us . 
  this is not because we are more skilled with languages , but because we use closed vowels ( usually italians and spanish say that we speak without opening our mouth ) , and yet words still make sense to us with open vowels . 
  and not only vowels !!!, 
  even with consonants , we always pronounce them in a closed way , which sometimes make it appear like we are speaking russian . 
  also , some interesting data , about number of phonemes in this family : * portuguese -37 - italian - 30 - romanian - 29 - spanish - 24, 
  2 years ago i would have said washington . 
  now i say moscow . 
  because not everything is about taxes and crime . 
  if i defend a society where people should have maximum freedom , i ca n't have people there who just think that women are inferior to men ( f.ex ), 
  no chinese is allowed to settle in europe ? 
  in portugal we have a program of residence/work visa , just for chinese people . 
  their gap matters because their view of society is just the absolute oposite to ours . 
  social liberalism is related to social protection and absolute freedom ( lack of state limitations ) to individuals . 
  social liberalism = / = economic liberalism . 
  but this is not the important part of this discussion . 
  why people do n't just assume that they are anti muslim immigration ? 
  it would be good for everybody , so we can know what people want . 
  i have no problem with chinese , indians , other europeans , mexicans , ... 
  but the majority of muslims do n't integrate well , specially due to a big religion/culture gap . 
  well , in my opinion this is an irrational change . 
  i 'm anti mass muslim migration but social liberal ( pro lgbt rights , drug decriminalisation ) and pro-eu ( freedom of movement inside eu , a certain degree of eu centralisation ) . 
  people just go to parties that are conservative , racist , anti-eu , some of them images of past dictatorships ... 
  very interesting . 
  my contact with communist architecture is limited to berlin , but i got the exact same feeling described here . 
  it inspires authority but also organization and efficiency . 
  i kind of like it . 
  the new asylum system just changes who distributes the migrants in eu . 
  it does n't change the number of people allowed to come , neither the criteria that those people have to met . 
  we are receiving thousands of migrants per day , a good part of them we know , do n't integrate well due to a big culture/values gap and instead of stopping the entrance of people we just create pseudo-solutions to distribute ... 
  instead of returning them to their point of start while crossing the mediterranean ( usually a port in turkey or libya ) . 
  yeah , sending the refugees to the small and poor countries of eu ... 
  if germany wants an eu open to migrants , germany should receive them , not other countries . 
  i feel sorry for this auto-destruction cycle in which germany has fallen . 
  russian . 
  personally , i do n't like the spanish , the italian or the greeks . 
  the spanish are always mocking portugal and our people , kind of superiority complex . 
  they talk even louder than us . 
  the italians are meh . 
  they talk even louder than the spanish and drink more than us . 
  the greeks , well , anarchists . 
  they have a bigger debt than us . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but spanish is not part of the school curricula in portugal . 
  only has an option in certain schools . 
  here the main foreign language is english ( since the 1st grade ) . 
  this is obvious . 
  eu ignores ukraine , ukraine turns its back to eu . 
  simple and absolutely reasonable . 
  well , than , maybe , greeks will try to do something about it , instead of just offering big boats and trains to move people , like it is nothing with them ... 
  is this supposed to do what ? 
  germany closes border , austria closes border , croatia closes border , etc etc does n't seem like a threat , but rather a green highway to close borders . 
  so let me get this right , if we destroyed our country with explosives and we all became refugees we could have a better life , without austerity ? 
  my uncle went to albania in the 80 's and he told me very bad things about the country , specially corruption and extreme poverty . 
  i know that nowadays the country is different , economy is growing , tirana is becoming a renewed city . 
  so , i would say globally i have a neutral opinion about albania . 
  also , i recognize the suffering from a country that was continuously invaded in the last 2 centuries , and the impact it had on its progress . 
  get your facts together . 
  not every pigs have problems with migrants ... 
  well , feels good to be irrelevant even for terrorists ... 
  as i said in other thread , is specially anger , from basically recognizing that uk is more important than the other 27 countries in the eu . 
  rules should be the same for everybody . 
  do n't like it ?
