  just leave , plain and simple . 
  different rules from other countries . 
  simple . 
  well , when they sign an oficial document with those , you reach a different level . 
  this deal is an absolute shame for all eu nation states . 
  it clearly proves that some countries have more power than others , some respect common rules , others do n't ... all eu member states should have rejected this . 
  that were worse ... 
  so , i really like rodrigo le\u00e3o , he is a composer , pianist ... 
  he already composed tracks for some famous movies ( the butler ) . 
  one of my favourite tracks is [ rodrigo le\u00e3o - as cidades ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pwg14oow-w ), 
  what land war against russia ? 
  i 've been listening to that theoretical scenario for years ... 
  transatlantic alliance that only benefits one member ... 
  in my opinion either usa should leave nato or the european countries leave . 
  what is superbowl ? 
  yes , you are right , i have no problem with uk leaving . 
  i have a problem with giving special powers to uk to make them stay ... now , i will get a ton of downvotes because of my opinion , but i think that uk wants to leave because they do n't support being in a union where germany has more power than them . 
  but well , that situation arises from british own attitude in the last decade , so nothing more to say . 
  maybe , but there are principles while eu is still existing that should n't be ignored just to stop uk from leaving . 
  ue built hospital , schools , roads , enormous economic stimulus programs ... 
  it is not a question of standing up , but rather a question of always supporting . 
  do you understand the difference ? 
  uk is almost always an american puppet ... 
  sorry to say that , but i think is the true . 
  beautiful !!, 
  i was an european federalist . 
  now i am just a pro-eu citizen . 
  happily , we do n't have dubbed movies around here . 
  all subs , 
  more competitiveness --  more oportunity, 
  is that a problem ? 
  what is the problem of bigger countries breaking into smaller ones ? 
  well , maybe this economic crisis is not that bad ... 
  so , to answer your question : us cities . 
  their huge skyscrapers and the smooth transition to the suburbs , with those roads with trees . 
  also hollywood , strong military and science progress . 
  now , about my personal view and to be honest : i am becoming more and more anti-american , something that started specially with obama government . 
  it is nothing against american people , but more against the country 's policies . 
  as you certainly know , europe is now suffering from very complex problems and i hate the way us keeps involving in european state 's problems . 
  also , i think us foreign policy now is catastrophic , minimum ... you help took down dictators in stable countries , and now look to what we got ? 
  the majority of northern africa is a turmoil , there is isis ... 
  portuguese is wrong . 
  we say outono and not outon as it is in the picture . 
  see how portugal cares about immigration ... 
  what is not rational is to receive thousands and thousand of people with a cultural base so different , even if they want to work hard . 
  feliz natal !!!, 
  00:00 of the 25th , 
  - english ( elementary school - 6 y.o ) - chinese ( in some elementary schools - 6 y.o ) - french ( 10 y.o ) - german ( 10 . y.o ) - spanish ( 10 y.o ), 
  so , to answer the first question : nowadays the majority of nationalists point two things : refugees and progressive lack of autonomy . 
  refugees are not a problem by themselves , the problem is their number and the lack of integration . 
  both of the problems can be solved within eu , and the integration part is the responsability of the country that receives them . 
  the lack of autonomy is a false problem in my opinion . 
  eu usually legislates in matters that concern common interest points ( lets say environment , agriculture , health ) . 
  the countries still controll almost everything !, 
  erasmus program make it easy to do the exchange . 
  with small paperwork , i was able to study in germany for a period of time and with a small funding ( in my case it was 800 $ ) . 
  regarding the free movement : 2 years ago i woke up one morning and i said to myself : today i will go visit salamanca . 
  i went without having to play for anything or show any papers . 
  i had lunch there and also bought some things , thus , contributing to the city 's economy . 
  thats the beauty of free movement , it makes culture interchanging easier and closer . 
  the problem is not inner free movement , is the lack of control in the external border !, 
  well , in my case i see absolutely no reason to be against eu : - it allowed me to do my master thesis in a different country - it is now easier to travel and know other european cultures - there are a lot of eu funding to science projects - all the big projects here ( hospitals , schools . 
  roads , etc. . . ) have a percentage of funding from eu , thus , allowing the country to develop - the best laws come from eu ( at least in my field of work ), 
  i 'm a right winger , i support capitalism , the difference between me and you ? 
  i think individual freedom is a crucial value in modern societies . 
  also , do you understand that protecting a country 's culture is different from being anti-foreigners ? 
  fn is total anti-foreigners ( european , african , american , etc. . . ) . 
  they do n't make distintion between good people who want to work , and criminals/terrorists . 
  protecting your culture happens when you do a decent integration of the foreigners . 
  when they , even with their different religion , respect your country values . 
  if you fail to do this , it is you country failure only ... 
  do you deny that fn is anti-euro , anti - eu and that their policy is the traditional `` french first '' , despising even other european cultures ? 
  it makes me remember that swedish youth video `` ue tear appart our previous united countries '' . 
  previous united countries ? 
  ( i 'm not a left-winger , in fact i 'm a right wing liberal ), 
  good news finally !, 
  hopefully in the future these isolacionist parties will disappear ... 
  i 'm certain that they will be more than happy if the can build a concrete wall through all the border ... 
  easy group f , 
  ps ( the major government party ) sent a letter to the portuguese ambassator in paris , asking for an investigation about the recent incident . 
  see more [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3w8ajm/portuguese_association_vandalised_mort_les/ ), 
  for fn ? 
  yes , i hate them . 
  i have no doubt it was fn , as always , full of hate . 
  i see that there is no way that this gets on reddit europe ... 
  i accept the decision , but i think this is censorship of certain news that are not convenient ... 
  maybe , but the post should n't have been deleted just because of that . 
  fn would never admit that it was their doing ... 
  pure hate ... at the same level as the nazi party . 
  i listen to music in different languages - russian ( mainly pop/dance \u041f\u0420\u0415\u041c\u042c\u0415\u0420\u0410 , \u042e\u043b\u0438\u0430\u043d\u043d\u0430 \u041a\u0430\u0440\u0430\u0443\u043b\u043e\u0432\u0430 , ani lorak , valeria , but also folk metal arkona ) - german ( rammstein , mark forster , ibeya ... ) - turkish ( mustafa sandal , demet akalin , gulsen ) - armenian ( sirusho ) - spanish ( gatos del fornu , chambao ... ) and a bit in other languages ( serbian , french , icelandic ... ), 
  in which part of spain is this ? 
  anyway , great pic , 
  i will accept them like any other portuguese citizen ... now , i still believe that new elections are the only way to clearly define who the portuguese people want for the government . 
  also , the idea of a constitutional revision came from a ps member ... 
  everyone knew that psd and cds could form a coalition . 
  that was very clear during the pre-election period . 
  do you deny that a somehow relevant number of people who voted ps are not satisfied with this agreement ? 
  the same with pcp and be voters . 
  embarrassment is predicting that portugal gdp will grow 3 % in 2017 ... 
  so , if the population is with this government there should be no change in the result , right ?
