you just proved how stupid you are . 
  how did you end up reading this comment now ? 
  actually lapland is the only part of finland that is in scadinavian peninsula . 
  go fuck yourself \u00c5ke . 
  also known as `` stupid sweden '', 
  \u00c5land does n't want to live with you anymore . 
  i did n't even consider that : o. 
  propably . 
  but u.s waitress will not get extra working late or working on sundays . 
  finnish waiter gets approx . 
  7-13 $ / h so u.s waiter needs to atleast have one customer an hour who buys food for $ 28 - $ 52 and tips 25 % ( for good service ) . 
  of course if you 're exceptional on your job you can earn more than the finn . 
  gave their lives so boldly, 
  those who live in northern parts of norway also buy their booze from finland , because it 's cheaper . 
  that 's the same reason why we go to estonia . 
  oh so finland is cheaper than germany ? 
  really ? 
  so do you consider finland eastern or northern ? 
  lucky you . 
  we have sweden and russia . 
  i can understand what you mean . 
  shhhh ... do n't tell them . 
  we love you guys . 
  finnish defence forces are pretty much like that mag-lite in your cars trunk : old-fashioned , ugly and smells a bit weird , but you can trust that when the shit has hit the fan and you need it , it works . 
  amnesia : the dark descent , witcher 3 , hearts of iron series and gta series . 
  also my summer car , of course . 
  i do n't see anything that involves a country significant ( social security , laws , rights etc ) . 
  we have got over that . 
  that is hugely simplified . 
  most of my friends are patriotic university students , who travel much . 
  those were the good days for us . 
  no one cared about finland . 
  though nobody cares about finland nowdays either . 
  we just do n't want to share our powerful standing army with you guys . 
  finland , and other nordic countries . 
  i do n't like indo-european family that much . 
  funny thing is , we still have more soil on scandinavian peninsula than danes . 
  okay , i know its because we talk funny . 
  not because of history or anything , because throughout histrory , we were pretty much sweden . 
  you dont understand the context of nationalism . 
  it was born to fight tyranny of monarchs and to give the people the right to form their own nation . 
  it was never about superiority or hatred towards others , just a will to form your own way of life . 
  i know it might be against your worldrevolutionist agenda to think so , but nationalism wasnt always about hatred . 
  yes , neonazis and other idiots have made it look really bad , but it is not real nationalism . 
  also difference between nationalism amd racism is that nationalism wamts to buold better tomorrow for the nation . 
  racism builds nothing , only takes down all that has been made . 
  but you are saying that never can nationalism and tolerance co-exist . 
  i think you are just ignorant towards history . 
  wow . 
  so many people here have no idea what nationalism is . 
  rather ignorant . 
  nationalism is a political view that points out that nations should be ruled by the people of that nation , rather than a multicultural monarch . 
  also it decleares that all nations have a right for their own goverment . 
  you just dont care about the historical context ? 
  its just part of the tax pool and used for something . 
  i just thought its cool if you have a specific use for it . 
  well . 
  that might be because baltics are also northern europe . 
  but when i enter tallinn it feels like southern helsinki . 
  thanks , neighbourino . 
  what 's the deal with finland in that map ? 
  edit . 
  you wanted to point out the best part of europe . 
   socialist system social democratic * , 
  in finnish schools on geography class they teach that norhern europe ( not the nordics ) is baltics , nordics and the british isles . 
  that 's what it is according to un also . 
  according to finnish companies , your tax system rocks . 
  also , i heard a rumor , that you use your alcohol tax ( our money ) to fund culture and youth sports . 
  is that true ? 
  because if it is , that 's awesome . 
  estonians are finnic . 
  latvians and lithuanians are baltics . 
  do n't mix them up with slavs , buddy . 
   edit . 
  and to answer your question , estonia has done lot to become a nordic-style welfare state but is n't yet there . 
  they do use the progressive taxation though for natural persons income tax , if that 's what you are asking . 
  you got that right . 
  and when you meet with a swede , never let him bring the beer . 
  `` you '' . 
  dude , j\u00e4lkiuunileip\u00e4 is the only option . 
  cheese and rye bread i think, 
  true . 
  i thought i could manage a conversation with a dane with my basic swedish skills . 
  i was so wrong . 
  i know he meant it . 
  he just did n't say scandinavia , he used the nordics . 
  dude just get on with it . 
  and when it comes to kalmar it was somewhat independent time for finland , because the danes did n't bother much about the finns . 
  it was also an ironical joke , not my political view , that i tried to use to easen the mood in this conversation . 
  but still he was talking about the nordics . 
  but yeah . . to other topic : so ? 
  should we do the kalmar-trick once more ? 
  do n't worry sweden . 
  finnish is also considered nordic and we use \u00c5\u00c4\u00d6 with you . 
  we 'll always be with you . 
  it depends . 
  our concersations are pretty much the same . 
  swede : . . ?!, 
  do n't mix the facts in to this discussion . 
  i know .
