  hey at least you have a mountain ... 
  oh my god , i thought it was dutch . 
   in the case of ukraine , but also georgia and moldavia , the eu is crawling towards the russian border . 
  all 3 countries once belonged to the soviet-union , and now the eu and nato are trying to annex those countries damn that 's just downright anti-eu propaganda : /, 
   we the people are done with the expansinistic approach of the eu and want our democracy back what the hell are you talking about ? 
  i agree we need more democracy in the eu but its absolutely not like the eu stripped away our sovereignty and ability to vote . 
  this referendum is such a joke , an attempt to shit over the eu . 
  their promotional video alone al was a complete joke . 
  this is so true , the quality of our railnetwork is actually pretty high , it 's just that we love to complain about it . 
  oh boy , you would love the netherlands , 
  yeah who 're they kidding ? 
  it wo n't be long before their hunger instinct kicks in and they 'll be all eating and drinking . 
  i seriously do n't get what people are trying to achieve with a hunger strike . 
  you 're only hurting yourself . 
  look at his comment history and account age . 
  this is why we need a filter system . 
  i can not wait to filter out all `` hot topic '' posts and its toxicity . 
  ot : the venice one is oversaturated but it still looks absolutely beautiful in real life , ill maybe post my own picture when i 'm home . 
  i thought the czech republic and hungary where the one 's with the largest penises . 
  well it is an european language in the sense of it 's being spoken in europe . 
  but in terms of how it 's related to indo-european languages , it 's not , but so are finnish , estonian , hungarian , maltese , basque and georgian . 
   belgium  good infrastructure pick one . 
  just kidding , i love you southern neighbours < 3, 
  how does that make them the best ? 
  they 're both practically eu countries . 
  my mom is from syria and she told me it sometimes can get very cold there and some places could receive huge amounts of snow ( up to a half meter ), 
  ah just the average youtube stuff i see . 
  christ this just is n't fair for greece ... having to deal with an economical crisis and these shitheads is too much for the country . 
  i really hope there 's a feasible solution for this problem . 
  the best to you all . 
  could you give an overall impression of what the comments are about ? 
  i really love your flag . 
  i would like to visit it one day , it was featured once in a cooking show and the food looked delicious and the country was beautiful . 
  my opinion is positive in overall , 
  did you make the netherlands orange on purpose ? 
  except when it 's on sale . 
  heineken goes like sweet breads over the counter when it 's on sale in my ah . 
  yeah my mother is currently in the process of helping a syrian refugee integrate and he 's been very open to it and willing to learn the language and go to school here . 
  the refugees/immigrants from africa have been very rude and dirty according to my neighbour who deals with handling refugees/immigrants . 
  it 's purely for symbolic reasons . 
  yeah it seems outdated but the royal family holds lot of diplomatic relationships and also generates money that way . 
  it 's not like they do nothing and get all the money . 
  it 's just like a tradition which costs money . 
  we 've been functioning pretty great this way so i could n't care less . 
  i 'm giggling like a school girl now . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  explain so ? 
  it 's not like the monarchs hold any ~ ~ powder ~ ~ power and will decapitate us when breaking rules . 
  ok we should tell all subs with a tag and filter system to remove it because you can just downvote and hide it . 
  it would be better for most people to just have a simple tag and filter system to hide content in which they 're not interested in . 
  it is much more convenient to have people tag their posts and filter it out than having to downvote every single post about specific content every day . 
  again i do n't know how hard it is to implement this and i 'm not begging on my knees for it , but it just would be convenient and encourage less visible posts . 
  yeah it has really taken over the front page . 
  the issue makes me stress a bit and seeing all these posts does n't help reducing it at all . 
  besides i 'd prefer seeing happy news or just fun self posts for a change . 
  i can see why flemish dutch sounds more pleasant than netherlands dutch . 
  it sounds less harsh , partly because their ` g ' is `` soft '' . 
  i only visit / r/thenetherlands daily , most other dutch sites are kinda toxic imo . 
  [ slightly relevant indonesiasphere comic . 
  it 's a pun , 
  what is `` best at handling euro coins & notes '' for cyprus even supposed to mean ? 
  i can imagine the shitstorm if our king did that . 
  hold my coastline , i 'm going in !, 
  i understood all of that . 
  you would be a pretty good dutch speaker , 
  i kinda like that song . 
  i suddenly feel an baltic nationalistic urge . 
  amsterdam may be the capital but the bicycle infrastructure is n't that great . 
  groningen is the best ( big ) city for bicycles . 
  dude , nsfd tag please . 
  ( not safe for dutch/danish ), 
  i got romanian flag and women ( netherlands ) . 
  it looks like everything around the skyscrapers got bombarded . 
  well what are you waiting for ? 
  go make some babies . 
  yes , 
  i would guess it is thunderbird on ubuntu . 
  that 's awesome , but i have absolutely no idea what i 'm looking at . 
  i wish more people knew that last sentence : / whenever i read garbage news outlet/facebook comments on an article about the eu ( yes i know the average iq is pretty low there ) it seems people only think about the loses of being in the eu instead of the benefits . 
  i would like to see who they 're going to blame once we quit ( which would n't happen in a hunderd years ) and things will turn shit . 
  as long as you do n't walk on the bicycle paths , you 're welcome < 3, 
  could also be dutch , lol . 
  same for the netherlands : out of the eu and bring back the guilder . 
  but these are usually comments on facebook and other garbage news outlets , so i would question the `` intelligence '' of these people . 
  nous aimons vous  ( i have the feeling that 's completely wrong but i have n't had french in a long time ), 
  some people here are so childish by downvoting every comment of him ... 
  it 's kinda sad because dclauzel is one of the nicer and better mods who 's also pretty active in the community here . 
  the map is apparently eurozone countries only . 
  they have a reeeaaaally long way to go then . 
  yeah , lol indeed . 
  care to elaborate this to a fellow dutchman , op ? 
  de jong means `` the young '' here . 
  why does the majority have white/blue numberplate instead of the `` european '' yellow/blue ? 
  but tripe soup is freaking delicious :|, 
  yup , [ here 's ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bijbelgordel#/media/file:sgpstemmen1.png ) our biblebelt , and [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4ilvi9f.png ) is our vaccination rate ( vaccinatiegraad ) and measles breakouts . 
  yes !, 
  the eu is our baby we raised together with france , germany , belgium , luxembourg and italy . 
  most important of all , we 're above finland . 
  suck it fin ** n ** s. 
  love it , good job !,
