  why are the governments of western european countries trying to destroy european culture ? 
  if you 're actually looking for an answer : because aiding people that had to flee from persecution is seen as the right thing to do by many people . 
  no , there is no secret german plot to conquer europe and this is not part of some evil scheme to eradicate white people . 
  people genuinely believe in helping refugees . 
  make of that what you will . 
  this is from anticorp 's public integrity index which claims to use `` objective variables '' as opposed to the transparency international index which is subjective . 
  but some of the criteria used are quite shady such as `` number of tax payments per year '' or `` average number of documents required to export and import '' . 
  higher numbers here are not necessarily indicative of corruption . 
  and then there are criteria without any connection to corruption , such as `` facebook users ( % population ) '' . 
  well , that list does n't say anything . 
  georgians are overrepresented in german crime statistics . 
  they do n't appear in your statistic because of their small total numbers . 
   not only that but this further accentuates the stupid stereotypes of only eastern europeans being corrupt . 
  the western nations have just as many corrupt politicians , but they 're much better at hiding it than their eastern counterpart . 
  got any sources ? 
  it 's an honest question , a study comparing corruption would be great . 
   not one person has even considered that this could be a power mvoe by the czech republic to drum up fear against russia . 
  even if it was , what he said is true . 
   food for thought not really . 
   thinking of putin as the reason for the rise of the right in the west is simply retarded . 
  well , this is n't what he said at all . 
  but russia is undoubtedly attempting to break up the eu ; and financial as well as ideological support for far-right anti-eu movements are definitely part of this attempt . 
  as far as i know both is possible in english now . 
   anticorrp 's index of public integrity uses publicly available big data in six key fields which the researchers identified to measure corruption : judicial independence , administrative burden , trade openness , budget transparency , e-citizenship , and freedom of the press . 
  e-citizenship ? 
  why would that be a relevant factor ? 
  is it because personal contact with officials enables bribery and corruption ? 
   honestly , you come across as a troll because he is one . 
   also , why do you keep using ` leftist ' as an insult ? 
  is that a polish thing ? 
  apparently , though the same people get mad when you call them `` right '' . 
  it 's just a waste of time to argue with them . 
   we can sometimes elect a government that does stupid shit , than having no rights at all . 
  but those are not the options on the table - the commission is trying to ensure the treaties are followed and rule of law is upheld in it 's member states . 
  that 's actually promoting the rights of poles instead of reducing them . 
   yes , during the revolution of 1848 they used the current flag and since then it has been a flag of all german democracies . 
  i 've just been reading up on the revolutions of that year and found myself being annoyed they did n't succeed . 
  so much carnage could have been avoided , and we would have gotten a liberal democracy or constitutional monarchy instead of the empire !, 
  merkel for example is the one currently trying to keep up the sanctions against russia though it 's true that especially southern european states want to abolish them ( and a large crowd in germany , too - no doubt about that ) . 
  maybe i 'm too thin-skinned , but i 've seen a few too many people now that try to make everything bad in the world appear germany 's fault ( in this case : the postponement of romania 's entry to the schengen area , the refugee crisis etc. ), 
   i was always against pis , but i 'm much more against interfering eu . 
  when it is pis vs interfering eu , i 'm 80 % supporter of pis , current polish government . 
  what a weird position . 
  so no matter how stupid the policies of the polish government are , you side with them against foreign critics on principle , just cause they 're polish ( should i make it bold , just so we all understand how polish the government is ? 
   they 're the ones keeping us outside of schengen yes , and the netherlands , and france ...  they 're openly inviting illegal migrants during the migrant crisis many mistakes were made , by all wu nations . 
  but the way people now generalize everything like that is becoming ridiculous . 
  and a few comments on a fence are now enough to make you so angry ? 
  then its good i do n't hold romania accountable for everything its politicians or media have said at some point . 
  that does n't imply i want to declare war on china , does it ? 
  pursuing our interests together does n't mean there will be conflicts like that . 
  well , neither do we . 
  ... what are your interests , globally ? 
  as opposed to png or nauru they are eu territory and the inhabitants ca n't really be bribed since they are n't independent nations . 
  australian money currently is nauru 's only source of income while ceuta and mellila citizens have access to spanish infrastructure . 
  they wo n't take lightly to such a deal . 
  furthermore , an important part of the agreement with png is that even recognized refugees have to stay there . 
  we 'd need a country willing to do this . 
  damn . 
  and i was considering whether i should look it up first , but i did n't . 
   your personal influence in smaller communities is a few magnitudes higher . 
  well , the eu does operate on the principle of subsidiarity ( competences should lie on the lowest possible level ) and has enhanced cooperation between european regions , which are smaller communities than nation states . 
   a vote for the european parliament has a specific value depending on the country you are voting from that is not exclusive to the eu - think of the german bundesrat where hamburg has three seats and bavaria five * though they have more than six times the population . 
  it 's to ensure smaller states have a say in europe . 
  i agree that it 's a bit of a difficult concept in the ep , but it is entirely possible to do away with it . 
  * six, 
  as a german it 's pretty astounding how large this story became . 
  i mean to armenia and turkey its obviously relevant but i ca n't remember such attention from foreign media when other countries recognized it . 
  there never even was a shred of doubt that the resolution would pass . 
   i am worried that an old colonial power like france and its never relinquishing any territories policy could end up being backed by an european super state . 
  fair enough , but france relinquished most of its territories . 
  we 've seen french influence reduced in the last 50 years , not increased . 
  and what would motivate a european federation to encourage such activities ? 
  we all know that even in the smallest communities ( families ) there often are very big differences in opinion . 
  parliaments are obviously no exception , whether they operate on the regional , national or european level . 
  you ca n't say europe does n't have common interests because we do n't always agree 100 % . 
  dissent is in fact essential for representative democracy . 
  sorry , i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  you 're pointing out the strength of the eu to then say it 's better if europe is divided ? 
  i do n't believe the world needs to fear a war of agression from the eu . 
   we will soon have china , us and maybe europe . 
  the world could give us south east asia , sub-sahara powerhouse and south american alliance . 
  i am not convinced the world will be safer when giants rule . 
  what , you think it 's better when europe stays fragmented and weak ? 
  united we have a lot of influence worldwide and can use it to pursue our interests . 
  fragmented , we will become unimportant in a world with the us , china and india , who oftentimes act against our interests . 
  small nations may have some advantages but many times the will be absorbed by the giants . 
  [ it 's here . 
   gets asked concretely what should happen to people who get fished out of the sea . 
  says they should be brought back to the country of origin . 
  says a deal with places like libya could be made . 
  says if this is not possible they have to be brought to an asylum center , ideally on an island . 
  there their return has to be organized . 
  while his other views are qute convincing , here he really should have admitted that he 's got no clue on where to deposit the migrants . 
  there is no nauru in the mediterranean . 
  you 're arguing with a troll , it 's a good idea to avoid doing that . 
   baltica it sounds pretty nice actually . 
   the united states national guard is a reserve force , but not a militia . 
  the us states also have their own national guards , which is what your militia page was discussing . 
  only the latter is considered militia . 
  its interesting how military units at a sub-national level are normal in the us , but unthinkable here in germany even though nrw for example has a population similar to new york .
