  you use the words assimilation and integration interchangeably , but they do n't mean the same . 
   we 've succeeded in integrating armenians and maghrebis into french society among other indicators , the rise of the front national suggests otherwise . 
  no , and even fewer can speak arabic without accent . 
  there are professional translators able to find that out . 
  so do i - i was mostly refering to you saying you 'd like to study in europe , when armenia already is in europe and that 's likely the place where you 're studying now ... now bow before me for fulfilling your dream . 
  if armenians themselves do n't think they 're european , how would anyone else ? 
  also , good luck with your master plans . 
  while we mostly agree ,  if the eu wants to offer resettlement to syrian refugees it should be honest about the scale of the problem . 
  we are dealing with millions of people here . 
  the eu does not want it . 
  well , merkel may have the power to want , but she does n't have the power to just push through with it , considering so many countries are opposed to it . 
  oh , you 're right on the first part of the comment , only looked at the numbers . 
  it is a reasonable prediction based on what 's been observed so far though . 
  as has been said , many of those now in camps around syria wo n't have the money to enter europe . 
  there 's so much vitriol in comments these days you automatically assume i made some kind of passive agressive argument . 
  his numbers were wrong , i corrected them . 
  a fraction of those 11 million people will enter europe . 
  most syrians are internally displaced ( they 're still in syria ) . 
  of the rest , a huge amount lives in turkey or lebanon . 
  i 'll leave you to your unfounded and seemingly perpetual outrage then . 
  just pointing out something you decided to withhold . 
  if `` they '' slaughter men `` like animals '' , you should 've added that `` they '' are men . 
  do n't know why you think i 'm sexist for pointing that out . 
  i also do n't get why it 's supposed to be wrong to point out that a disproportionate amount of illegal immigrants in europe are men, 
  they tell me there are a lot of ( russian ) tourists there . 
   everyone in syria can legitimately claim asylum . 
  we should only take in those who have liberal moral values . 
   if we ca n't verify that the people support our values like freedom of religion , freedom of speech and so on then we should n't risk taking them . 
  so being granted asylum should , in your opinion depend on the ability of the applicant to produce , say a history of commenting on guardian articles , or a browser history of watching the colbert report ? 
  seriously , how do you want them to prove this ? 
   except men are disproportionately the primary victims of violence in armed conflicts . 
  they also cause it disproportionately . 
  comparison would be better if your family were consisting of about 900 people . 
   why does n't germany simply let them fly in from turkey ? 
  because it 'd be against every law and agreement passed or signed regulating migration in germany & the eu . 
  but do go on . 
  no , if you simply immigrated illegaly and got caught , you 'd definitely be deported . 
  you mean people applying for asylum , which is their right and if they 're eligible they get to stay . 
  if not , they 're deported . 
  the real problem is that asylum seekers obviously will try to make their proceedings last longer if they know they 're not eligible , by destroying their papers or not turning up at court ( which will cancel the process but by then they 've gone in hiding already ) . 
  also , the authorities are extremely ill equipped to deal with the current numbers . 
  so it 's not really a theoretical problem of us `` letting everyone in '' but more of a practical one ( with efficiency , loopholes , resources ) . 
  sorry , they are not being `` let in '' . 
  even op says `` illegal immigrant '' . 
  mind the part about them immigrating illegaly . 
  do you have an actual source for that , an interview maybe ? 
  where have i complained ? 
  i ca n't cover all aspects when writing an internet comment . 
  and that 's relevant because ? 
  do n't know if you pulled this out of your arse or if it 's a mistake , anyway , the site does n't talk about this at all , not even in one sentence or paragraph . 
  of course , the same goes for ireland , the uk etc. 
  they all profit from their position . 
  sounds more like they fit your language - but who am i to judge . 
  people persecuted for their worldview flee to the other side of the pond ? 
  hey , does this mean germany is the new us ? 
  and more importantly , does it mean hamburg now gets it 's own statue of ~ ~ liberty ~ ~ equality ? 
  ____________________________________________ i do n't really think you 'd be successful . 
  the us constitution guarantees freedom of religion , which most people will interpret as also guaranteing your freedom to not be religious . 
  i know that you 're supposed to have great wine , which i sadly have n't been able to verify as of yet , and that i absolutely love what i 've seen of your landscape so far ( as a person living on plains near the sea , mountains are a very special sight to me ) . 
  you 're also one of the countries i hope will make huge advancements in my lifespan , in fighting corruption and raising your standard of living . 
  `` which one of these two scenarios do you want to support with your vote ? 
  a ) britain is a member of the eu or b ) britain is not a member of the eu '' would be completely neutral , provided in 1/2 of the sheets the answers are inverted . 
  thanks for this moderate , well thought-out comment . 
  exactly , it does nothing to convince people of your opinion , in fact it does everything to alienate them . 
  overt sarcasm and cynicism makes you seem arrogant . 
  they would not be entitled to asylum or benefits of any kind in germany ; and if rounded up , they 'd be immediately sent back as illegal immigrants . 
  they also could n't apply for asylum since they are registered as having received it in bulgaria . 
  the uk 's ratio is ridiculous compared to most other countries . 
  what 's up with the code switching ? 
  in any case : the megathreads were well-meant but did n't work in reality . 
  and yes , i , too , dislike the cheap , low-effort posts on ukraine , greece or the refugee crisis . 
  yet this is to be expected in any large subreddit , really . 
  just submit high-quality content yourself and disregard the other stuff , maybe downvote and report outright offensive and rulebreaking posts . 
  i bet it 's much larger though . 
  it would be hypocritical if the director of the bfv said that , not when ordinary people are upset about * both * foreign and domestic attacks on their privacy . 
  i see that . 
  but sometimes it 's best to keep it to yourself . 
  the benefit of hindsight and of acting like a smartass . 
  there 's no way for you to know what should or should n't have been done . 
   as long as we can remove them from europe . 
  that 's just mean . 
  turkey 's been waiting so long . 
  germany can easily support more people and since still more people die than new ones are born the population still shrinks ( if you do n't consider immigration ) . 
  it 's still negative overall but at least it 's improving . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/preu%c3%9fenschlag the year was 1932 . 
  but yeah , of course in the end everyone participated , it 's why i wrote it was a quip . 
  i 'm not that serious about it , you know . 
  gladly . 
  as most of you know , there 's a considerable north/south divide in germany . 
  the southern states of bavaria , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg are densely populated , have a large and innovative high-tech manufacturing and service industry with multiple global players . 
  consequently , the region is very , very wealthy . 
  both states pay more in the federal budget than they receive ; and they complain about it regularly . 
  in the rest of the nation , people from there are , therefore , often said to be loud , ignorant , conservative , arrogant and unfriendly , constantly bragging to others about their success and how if mecklenburgers would work as hard as bavarians they would n't be poor . 
  in germany this is often brought up as a joke to play on the stereotypes but often you notice people will feel very serious about it . 
  it 's a source of tension and there are stereotypical arguments associated with both sides . 
  u/genitaliban 's comment represents the southern view , i countered with pointing out how ** the south 's growth mainly happened after ww2 ** , thanks to an influx of engineers , workers , technicians etc. 
  from east germany , fleeing communism in the ddr and the red army 's advance . 
  the brain drain was a catastrophe for the east . 
  i guess you know audi ? 
  it evolved from auto union , a company based in chemnitz , east germany .
