  what part of `` i recall '' are you unable to understand ? 
  no , i do n't save the links to every page i visit . 
  it 's been some time now . 
  the man talks a lot . 
  exactly , i recall once they claimed they could n't effectively fight tax evasion because the negotiations would `` automatically end '' once they pass such a law . 
  ridiculous , if you ask me . 
  though i agree with you , at least a few measures demanded by the troika were apparently keeping greece from enacting these reforms . 
  somewhere i heard that a senior official sacked a bunch of corrupt people in the public sector and wanted to crack down on tax evasion with the others , then he had to sack them too cause troika officials said more cuts were necessary . 
  it 's an anecdote and by no means am i sure i recall correctly but such things make me distrust claims the programmes would have eventually led to the good governance everyone wants . 
  and for five years everyone stood and watched though it was clear things were n't working as expected and structural problems persisted . 
  generally speaking i 'm with you , but i do find myself wondering wether government spending can be balanced and a market can become competitive without the huge negative impact it had on the lower middle and working classes . 
   slavelike work conditions not even most greeks think that . 
  if you want to find out about slavery , head to mauritania . 
  and if you think it 's other eu nation 's job to make sure syriza can fulfill its election promises , then i suggest you pay for that yourself . 
  there 's no denying much of the bailout programmes was ill thought out , it 's true that politicians did n't have the guts to let private investors lose their money etc. 
  but that still does n't change the fact that greece 's debt was unsustainable , that it 's economy is still in shambles , in good part due to refusal to act on greece 's part , and that syriza has completely failed at politics those last months , managing to unite all of europe against them . 
  thanks , did n't realise what compression can do to gifs . 
  was surprised how juncker was a perfect fit for thorne . 
  guess that says something about him . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/v9o3ybb ) the animation is a bit weird but i really did n't want to go through 100 + frames for this . 
  i still like it though . 
  last time i checked greece was n't bankrupt . 
  and i did n't argue in favor of the austerity measures but in support of ela , two different things albeit tied by the creditors . 
   austerity depresses an economy [ already in shambles ] well , unsustainable spending had to be cut . 
  you think a debt-ridden economy `` in shambles '' and plagued by wasteful spending would improve by spending more ? 
  some measures were hurtful/unnecessary , i.e. 
  some cutbacks in the public sector or unwarranted privatizations , and there 's some merit in the suggestion that at some point expansionary fiscal policy should take over , but i do n't comprehend how bailing you out in the face of bankruptcy is somehow not in your interest . 
  ( it 's not like you 're debt will be gone after defaulting . ), 
   restructure the debt to greece 's advantage . 
   they were n't free obviously , no one gifts you money just like that . 
  but they were loaned to much better conditions than greece could have gotten otherwise . 
   explain how it helped . 
  saving greece from bankruptcy ? 
  well , the part about the basic mechanics of state funding and how germany profits from the loans was accurate and understandable . 
  yet i still ca n't quite comprehend the utter idiocy and stupidity of the second part . 
  greece 's problem was/is a lack of funds to pay interest on it 's pile of debt . 
  the troika then provided those funds . 
  and leftists rush in claiming that money never helped greece or other brainwashed shit like that . 
  might have to do with it not at all being like the eu considering it 's limited powers . 
  * white * - supremacist = racially motivated * islamist * = religiously motivated or am i missing something ? 
  i know . 
  just wanted to say what it actually reads so people who wo n't open the link are informed . 
  to be fair , it reads `` proposal '' . 
  and that 's distorting it . 
  britain calling for status quo ( in europe ! ), 
  has always been the excuse for saying `` do n't challenge my hegenomy literally * everywhere * else ! '' . 
  france and status quo ? 
  yeah , believe that . 
  long before their investment in the balkans was quite obviously directed at severely weakening austria . 
  and their policy towards germany was to redraw it 's western border . 
  annexation of alsace was the publicly stated goal of france 's foreign policy . 
  and to `` weltmacht oder niedergang '' - fritz fischer 's work has been widely debunked by now . 
  though it 's worth noting `` weltmacht '' simply means great power , a title that does n't imply domination or anything like that . 
  and before you start quote mining ( especially quotes from a certain crazy emperor who did n't mean half of what he said besides holding little real power ) , remember that i could likewise use a few crazy people 's utterings about manifest destiny or being `` protector of eastern christendom '' to shift blame on their countries . 
  i wo n't , however , do it , as i stick to my initial statement . 
  and i challenged that view , stating my conviction that the international system encouraged 1914 's escalation . 
  i hope we agree that the pretext under which a war is sold to the public is often extremely different from the actual cause . 
  by misrepresenting and distorting sources i could shift the blame on russia or britain , or , as you do , on germany . 
  no point in it though, 
  so did i - what are you trying to say ? 
  do n't start that discussion now . 
  everyone is to blame and that 's not cheap or spineless to say but the simple truth . 
  whatever happened in summer 1914 , it did n't cause the war . 
  men and nations on a collective ego trip that started decades before did . 
  fine , but i somehow got the impression the perpetrators in this case did n't have personality disorders . 
  it 's more a matter of culture , education and economic status ( in that order ) . 
  but in the end , neither do i know a solition to it . 
  i 'd sign that . 
  but the latter is more prevalent , i think . 
  i predict those war refugees , even with passports , will end up having and creating the same problems there currently are . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i agree with most points except the one about people coming to `` mythical europe '' for free money . 
  that 's not true , most people come in search of well-paid jobs . 
  well , i recognize it . 
  surely you have at least a suggestion ? 
  you 're right , but how do you mean to `` solve '' this ? 
  forced conversion to protestantism ? 
  exile every black person in finland ? 
  it 's a genuine question , not / s. 
  i 've seen people point out the numbers before , now how do we act then ? 
  interesting , have n't heard of that till now . 
  sums the problem up perfectly , though . 
  wrong . 
  feel free to critize the subject matter but do it without emploxing logical fallacies . 
  thanks . 
  no need to be such an arsehole about it . 
  he should have just told them to go away . 
  no need for deception and extra humiliation on the internet, 
  this is a tactic very commonly used by russia apologists . 
  the underlying message is that russia is absolved from criticism because they 're not the only ones to have ever breached international law . 
  it 's like a murderer with bloodstained hands going `` look , there are many cases of people killing others , do n't you judge me on this ! '', 
  probably better than german , though . 
  language , as u/erynam put it . 
  because , after crossing countless countries , a large number of them in the eu , these victims of persecution are obviously only saved upon reaching the uk , germany of sweden . 
   but no one in europe seems to care the author obviously is more than ill-informed . 
   eating it is symbolically taking part of the suns strength wow , is that connected to some pagan tradition ? 
  a myth , 2014 was 0,8 degrees warmer in hamburg than in munich while it rained 19 litres less + the sun shone 22 hours longer . 
  people keep repeating it , yet even if there was better weather down south , the difference would be nigh meaningless . 
  after tasting a [ rundst\u00fcck ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bread_roll ) , have some [ gr\u00fcnkohl mit pinkel ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pinkel ) or [ labskaus ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/labskaus ) accompanied by tasty [ aalsuppe ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cuisine_of_hamburg#stews ) .
