  i know a famous german nationalist who argued for bigger state in the east that would include non-germans too . 
  yes , the uk has lucked out with its turkish cypriots . 
  your guest workers mostly came from the commonwealth . 
  france , germany , belgium , austria , the netherlands - we signed guest worker agreements with turkey , and that was a huge mistake ( turks in all these countries voted `` yes '' ) . 
  i 'd rather have accepted more italians and greeks tbh . 
  wtf i love heiko naow . 
  otherwise it is almost perfect . 
  8/16 and three of them wrong , sorry . 
  but not too bad . 
   fuck this , i 'm going to sleep . 
  seems like a metaphor for rule of law in turkey . 
  the thing is , the german command before ww1 was n't filled with delusional idiots , at least not in this regard . 
  and again , attacking the soviet union was something only a delusional idiot would have done . 
  of course there are no definitive answers here , it is just speculation . 
  i mean that kind of happened , an ss division was formed with latvian volunteers for example . 
  the german war effort also depended on extorting the conquered territories , which does n't usually go down well with the local populace . 
  and then there is ideology of course . 
  you are basically saying , if the nazis had n't been nazis they might have won - but then they probably also would n't have started the second world war . 
  when the war began , the red army already greatly outnumbered the wehrmacht , not just in sheer manpower , but also in heavy equipment , aircraft etc. 
  for example , germany barely managed to mass about 3.350 panzers for operation barbarossa while at this point the red army operated an incredible 11.000 tanks just at the western border . 
  and then consider that only a fraction of the red army was actually deployed in poland when the attack began . 
  it was actually a surprise that the initial attack went so well , even though germany still suffered horrifying casualties during the first weeks of war . 
  it was a goddamn crazy idea to believe the war with the soviets could have been won in the first place , and even more crazy to believe in winning against both the soviets and the allies . 
  and neither will corruption , as fillon has shown . 
  probably the best response to this jokester . 
  it is not using mercator projection , so that might be it . 
  soon , yes . 
  it will fail ... any day now . 
  soon . 
  we just have to wait for it . 
  just a bit longer . 
  well , to play devil 's advocate - because the value of some goods and wares ca n't be sufficiently expressed in money . 
  that is where economics fail and politics begin . 
  ensuring a reliable supply of food might just be worth the subsidies . 
     is this supposed to be a heartwarming , `` i love you just the way you are ! '', 
  type thing ? 
  pretty much . 
  it was a population exchange , among young nation states who desired ethnic homogeneity this was seen as a humane way of guaranteeing peace and mutually respected borders . 
  it of course violates modern notions of human rights . 
  if you are searching for an actual genocide , [ look here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide ) . 
  i did n't remove anything . 
  the russian annexation of crimea as well as the independence of abkhazia , south ossetia and kosovo are not nearly universally recognised , so these regions were left out . 
   aahahaha , op , did you label the map yourself ? 
  truth be told , i just grabbed a contemporary political map of europe as a statement against revisionism and the removing of countries in the other maps floating around here . 
  i do n't think everyone here understood it like that , all the commenters are searching for something to nitpick . 
  then again maybe i should have used a physical map , i do n't think people would manage to complain about geography . 
  oh god . 
  maybe i should have blacked out the balkans . 
  triggering people was n't really my intent with this one . 
  it might be worth taking into account that people can have various degrees of mistrust but that this question does not reflect this . 
  if the pollsters had asked me if , right now , i trusted the us , i 'd have said no . 
  trumps foreign policy is unpredictable , his comments on our trade surplus , our chancellor and nato make him an uneasy partner at best . 
  i view russia as a much more actively hostile country to german and eu interests and values though and if i had to choose between trump usa and russia , i 'd choose the us as a partner . 
  in these poll results , however , my view would be presented as equally distrustful of the us and russia . 
  you can mistrust countries for different reasons , and to different degrees though . 
  unfortunately , with the way this question was asked , we get a very narrow picture . 
  [ that is our job . 
  it actually was n't . 
  the danish king just ruled the two duchies in personal union . 
  is there something i am missing ? 
  the other post ( without russia ) was by an ukrainian , so it is kind of understandable . 
  but what beef does the us have with germany ? 
  yeah , exactly what i said . 
  the romans largely kept to the left bank of the rhine after augustus/tiberius and did not make significant advances beyond the rhine-danube frontier . 
  a few costly punitive expeditions are not `` expansion '' to me . 
  that may be true . 
  the lack of latin and control over rome makes them still a mere 3/10 in my opinion . 
  and they became horrible christian sellouts ( just think what nero would have thought of that ) . 
   not at all . 
  macron is liberalism with sprinkles of welfare sounds pretty moderate to me . 
  and voters will also have to take foreign policy into account . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is a radical in that regard . 
  his positions on the eu and the us would disqualify him immediately for me if he were a german candidate . 
  why though ? 
  they spoke greek and the capital was constantinople . 
  does n't change the fact that teutoburg ended roman expansion into germanic areas . 
   the end of the roman empire was in 1453 . 
  does n't hold rome , does n't speak latin . 
  tradition , i guess . 
  how seriously it is enforced depends on the state . 
  oh it is the same here really . 
  maybe we succeeded more in secularising easter . 
  children collect and paint easter eggs , family reunions happen etc. 
  our clergy obviously complains that the true purpose of the holiday is being lost and forgotten . 
  i am not religious . 
  i am just explaining why it is a big deal historically . 
  for most germans easter is just some nice added free time . 
  no one cares that state holidays coincide with christian ones . 
  i would not be so sure `` higher taxes '' will only affect the upper 10 % . 
  will you remain a student for the rest of your life ? 
  to be honest , easter is the most important event for christians . 
  jesus being born is not nearly as important as his crucification and resurrection . 
  i am a bit surprised other countries do n't place the same emphasis on easter . 
  as a moderate , the choice should be easy . 
  i mean , initially , protestant and reformed christians were much more fundamentalist and fanatical than most catholics . 
  how so ? 
  they did not use russian engines back then . 
  it is completely irrelevant . 
  i guess if we accept a purely cultural definition of europe and that european culture is primarily based on christianity you make some good points . 
  but i 'd prefer to use `` western '' in that case .
