  it 's to germany 's interest to aid the other economies since they are the buyers for its export industry , and i imagine a whole host of other benefits . 
  there is thought in my head that you invented this secret nato paper and the `` afrikanische wandermensch '' , as a quick google search results in not even one mention of the term . 
  how edgy . 
  tell me more . 
  something to keep in mind if i ever begin to learn italian ? 
  it 's undeniably true , but also undeniably pointless . 
  we need about 21 % oxygen to survive , but pure oxygen can kill us . 
  yeah , plants need co2 , we need it - does n't mean it does n't cause the greenhouse effect . 
  not that hard to understand . 
  how can you be a de jure ally ? 
  honest question : which one do you prefer ? 
  you can still hear the melody , you just need to listen to the german one . 
  honestly , what were you thinking when adopting the bundeshymne ? 
  not even the staunchest afd supporter would prefer to emigrate to poland because there are refugees here . 
  do n't be delusional . 
  polands net migration is negative , and it will stay that way for some time . 
  ... you do n't know what marxism is , do you ? 
  well , neither would i approve of german generals sending german troops to death without reason . 
  but this will take ages to happen , if it ever does . 
  yes - but to be honest i do n't really understand your fears . 
  we should - and that applies to any job - ensure the best candidate is given the position . 
  if it just so happens that the best candidate is from luxemburg , where is the problem with taking him ? 
  of course , most candidates would then be from countries with larger armies , but i see no problem with that . 
   acknowledge the problem which problem ? 
  that there 's terrorism in europe ? 
  do n't know of anyone who would n't acknowledge this . 
   retaliate with necessary force - what do you mean with `` retaliate '' ? 
  - what do you mean with `` necessary force '' ? 
  if you presume to lecture states on what to do , be more specific !, 
  otherwise it comes off as if you 're just venting your spleen and lack actual ideas . 
   some serious action from western governments . 
  again , against whom ? 
  what is `` serious '' ? 
  isis has been facing serious action for some time now . 
   frankly think it starts with acknowledging fundamental islam as the core of the problem . 
  who disputes this ? 
  in germany there defininitely is a large majority for that view . 
   entitled to this kind of responsibility if you have no experience in active combat in a joint eu army , there would be ample opportunity to gain experience . 
  if he rose through the ranks because of competence , i do n't see the problem . 
  if he rose through the ranks because of corruption and nepotism , it does n't matter if he 's luxemburgish or french or british or german , because he 'd have no business with leading troops anyway . 
  just a question for you : where does the hdp stand right now ? 
  it was my impression they more or less want devolution , autonomy and more rights for regions . 
  sort of like scotland 's position in the uk . 
  were they weakened after the election ? 
  i suspect people like you might have went over to more central parties , and some kurds might side with the pkk now . 
  hmm , i do n't doubt there are people who are not critical enough of the pkk , but in my experience - while it 's true many have sympathies with the kurds - this mostly extends to the hdp . 
  i actually have a copy of the german interior intelligence agency 's ( verfassungsschutz ) annual report lying here ( though it 's from 2010 ) ; and i can assure you lots of kurdish movements and organisations , including pkk branches are classified as terrorist organisations and under surveillance . 
  well , the official position of the eu , the us and germany is that pkk is a terrorist organisation , so i think you 're misinformed . 
  i thought it was pretty obvious op was n't serious . 
  maybe that 's just me . 
  though jan hus was no atheist , so i do n't get why my comment seems so weird to you . 
  r/europe 's atheists are easily triggered , it would seem . 
  we 're too economically , politically , and yes , militarily , strong to be a `` bigger switzerland '' . 
  we shoulder responsibility in europe , even if britain and france were less concerned with themselves than they are now . 
  if satirical shows count , you could add extra 3 , die anstalt or even nuhr im ersten . 
  they are all broadcasted weekly , i believe . 
  but they 're not news programmes or \u201e serious `` in any way . 
  they just utilise events from the bygone week for comedy . 
  i do n't think there is a show existing solely for the purpose of recap . 
  but the shows panorama , kontraste and monitor are broadcasted in turns each thursday . 
  all of them on ard . 
  they are a more investigative and in-depth than an average news show , i think . 
  but you got me interested in the andrew marr show . 
  the format appeals to me , giving politicians the opportunity to explain their ideas without interfering too much does seem like a good idea . 
   sensible has mutated to mean `` submit and obey '' to be clear , i am using the dictionary definiton of sensible . 
  i ca n't really be expected to know what your definition is . 
  but in my book , `` sensible '' does include not brushing off a post you do n't like with `` tl ; dr op . 
  it also includes giving sources for your claims . 
   you 're feeding me pompous euphemisms and blatant posturing . 
  i asked a very clear-cut question , a question you 've been aswering with pompousness yourself . 
  may i quote :  tell me what he has omitted , misrepresented or lied about . 
   others have already surely it is easy then to list those omissions or at least name the commenter . 
  if it 's about cologne , it 's got nothing to do with this topic , since it is very specifically about `` chancellor merkel 's invitation '' . 
   if i did the same , you would stop inferring the converse . 
   merkel 's statements are quite obviously vague enough to be construed as what they ended up being construed as , ... 
  this is not `` obvious '' at all ; and it 's ridiculous to assume merkel somehow wanted to have her message be construed like that , given op 's detailed recounting . 
  you can claim that it was too vage ( though she did outright say dublin iii is still in place ) but there is no reason to assume merkel intended to `` invite '' anyone . 
  politicians statements are misrepresented all the time . 
   why is this stickied ? 
  not op 's responsibility , so you 're really just conflating your stance on the crisis with your opinion of the moderators . 
  there 's nothing wrong with this post . 
  he prefaced it with admitting he has been quite vocal about his stance on the subject . 
  but the write-up itself is factual and sourced and only at the very end you can find a hint of his bias . 
  i have to ask what you hoped to start with this comment . 
  you accused both op and moderators , but not in a way that could get a sensible discussion going . 
  how can one be this offended by a mere statement of facts and recounting of events ? 
  tell me what he has omitted , misrepresented or lied about . 
  also really looking forward to a credible source on that quote . 
  your opinion does n't count . 
  i think it 's safe to assume merkel fully endorses the closing of the balkan route . 
  she 's not idealistic at all and rather decides based on polls . 
  now that the mood has changed she will change her policy accordingly . 
  by letting other states do the dirty work , she maintains her facade . 
  `` just business '' ? 
  what a pessimistic view . 
  just to name one example , think of the refugee crisis : no matter your personal opinion on the issue , if everyone really only cared about `` business '' , no one would have accepted a single refugee . 
  idealistic nonsense is misplaced here but so is pessimistic doomsaying . 
  fair trade is not only a good idea , but many fair trade products actually are what they want to be . 
  even if somewhere , someone does n't conform to it 's standards , it 's much , much better for the producers and , by extension , our planet . 
  in case you have evidence of misconduct , report it to the organisation .
