  so how exactly did you come to that opinion ? 
  to some extent it 's due to a geographic feature or landmark ; but the most important factors are legends and traditions connected with it . 
  for example , the kaaba in mecca was centre of worship for pre islamic arab tribes and mohammed simply adapted it to make conversion easier to swallow . 
  you presumably spent a lot of time writing this without really specifying what you actually want in terms of policies . 
  it does n't work ? 
  neither canada nor australia nor india nor new zealand nor south africa are interested in more cooperation than there already is . 
  what an utterly moronic idea is it to think these countries could replace the eu or even want to be dominated by britain again . 
  the best the uk can hope for are varying degrees of `` special relationships '' and ** they already have that ** . 
  you `` forget '' that the balkans are in europe and therefore :  so , there were pretty much no other disasters in europe . 
  solid reasoning . 
   even people , who are n't actually anti-refugee , but are asking the question ` guys , how do we want to solve this issue ? ', 
  are being called nazis . 
  people on reddit like saying that , but i 've never seen/heard it happen . 
  can you give an example/source for that ? 
  you 'll most definitely encounter quite fierce opposition , but you 're not going to be called a nazi . 
  well , it 's better than in britain - i 'd say that warrants a congratulation !, 
  people should stop conflating espionage directed at foreign governments/organizations and mass collection of personal data . 
  both are very different , and germany is simply not physically able to do the latter on the scale of the us . 
  congrats to the slovaks !, 
  nah , the italians got lazy with their history . ^ fascism ? ^ i ^ do n't ^ know ^ what ^ you 're ^ blabbing ^ about . 
  i hate to say it , but very generally speaking , british/americans have less of an interest in foreign literature and culture . 
  the cia world factbook still places japan 's as lower . 
   i disagree . 
  while you find many pessimistic attitudes on english language website , the big difference is that in germany it 's the vast majority . 
  maybe you got that impression because a lot of younger germans ( actually young people from all over the world , who are on average more optimistic about their future ) comment in english , on english language websites . 
   after reading comments on german news sites you just want to cut your wrists . 
  not because of their stupidity , but because of the unbelievable amount of pessimism . 
  it 's the exact same on english-language websites . 
   no wonder germany has the lowest birth rate in the entire world . 
  it has n't . 
  that ends his immunity , hopefully he 'll be prosecuted now . 
  edit : damn , of course he still is an mp . 
  i find it hard to believe there ever was a newspaper where you could just walk in and `` do your thing '' without people realising you 're male . 
  but then again he might 've [ looked like him ] ( http://cdn.deguisetoi.fr/images/rep_art/gra/174/5/174565/perruque-blonde-hippie-homme_1.jpg ), 
   we took some of this immigrants just recently to poland . 
  they were given free housing , schooling . 
  even people organized them work and all . 
  as long as you base your claims on anecdotes , they will remain claims , and nothing more . 
  ( it 'd also be great if you 'd realise i 'm not claiming every single one wants to work . 
  the `` most '' is a hint ) but your use of frankly ridiculous terms such as `` gibmoney '' does make it hard to believe you can do that . 
   one day a guy joined up , did some good work etc was enthusiastic about their cause . 
  but what do you think happened ? 
  he got thrown out . 
  because he was a man . 
  so why did they hire him ? 
  oh you are spot on , and this is a very serious problem !, 
  however i merely stated that most migrants dream of finding work and starting a kind of regular life here - earning money , providing for family etc. . . 
  especially for unskilled migrants this will be neigh-impossible , of course . 
   no , almost all of them are here to collect the welfare . 
  basically none of this new illegal islamic migrants wants to work . 
  you most likely ca n't back this up with a source , right ? 
  is it really from german or via yiddish as proxy ? 
  the soft power loss is measurable right here . 
   the eu has had the opportunity to create and maintain a common defence policy for decades . 
  not it has n't . 
  that 's just wrong - no member state ever had any intention of giving up on it 's armed forces . 
   i think we should just break up this union . 
  its getting really pathetic . 
  genius !, 
  that 's going to solve our problems , surely . 
  break it up and watch in awe as battleships magically appear in the mediterranean . 
  which migrants though ? 
  most are n't lybian citizens . 
   but then too after some time they should just go to work like everyone fucking else . 
  you 're actually aware that this will be an incentive to come to europe ? 
  contrary to what you seem to believe , most migrants are n't coming to claim welfare , they want to work , send part of their earnings back home and return when they have accumulated a small fortune ( little by european standards ) . 
  it 's highly unlikely work permits would decrease immigration . 
  i do concur and want to say something i just realised . 
  i do n't think media ever was completely neutral . 
  i think in everyday life people do n't really care about the ever-present bias and ignore it . 
  but when they feel threatened , they become aware of it and become radical/disillusioned . 
  just look back at media in the 19th century . 
  sensationalist garbage and biased reporting everywhere . 
  the ( manchester ) guardian and the daily telegraph . 
  in germany you had the neue preu\u00dfische and the vossische zeitung etc. . . and it 's to be expected , really : * the person founding a newspaper/tv station will naturally tend to employ people with similar views . 
  * media has to be sold . 
  catering to a specific audience helps with that . 
  * most people are n't interested in unbiased reporting . 
  they want to be entertained , solve crossword puzzles and get told what to think in editorials etc. 
  even `` high quality '' newspapers like the times `` endorse '' candidates during elections . 
  it 's honestly surprising how so many people apparently think media bias is a new development . 
  not quite , they 're definitely targeting an international audience with their dozen or so languages . 
  this is not a case of domestic espionage . 
  though of course german services use the nsa for that , and vice versa . 
  i 'm absolutely on your side , but i do n't like generalisations and painting the us in general as some evil monster . 
  while that 's true , i do n't think i said that . 
  combined with the remarks in his initial comment ( i.e. 
  on overweight ) i think it 's safe to say he 's criticizing the us as a whole while assuming corporations and rogue agencies are it 's defining features . 
  well , i understand your sentiment , especially the opposition towards spying . 
  but we should remember that almost every government gathers intelligence , often through unethical means ; and that we should n't just call out the us/the uk here . 
  but i have to disagree with your remarks on us society . 
  they 're counterproductive and in part flat out wrong . 
  it 's worth noting that comments like yours could just as well be posted with `` right wing '' replaced by `` left wing '' . 
  no matter your political position , people get to hate on the eu , so there 's that . 
  excuse me , but what is your intention ? 
  do you actually believe this ? 
  the sweeping generalisations here are simply astounding , as are the mental gymnastics involved to convince yourself this is some kind of official us policy . 
  i know this comes across as snarky , but it 's not meant that way when i say ... you should take a deep breath and relax for a moment . 
  and try to get a discussion going without all that vitriol . 
  to be honest , with a bit of cleaning it could be ok . at least it 's green outside and you can stay in your own place instead of having to live in barracks or tents for months .
