  nothing long-term , but it 's not awful either . 
  with a christian cross apparently . 
  for people interested in what was delivered to iraq and syria , from 1977 ( delivery 1980 ) to 2009 it 's a bunch of light helicopters and since then 5 second hand dingo 2 and 500 second hand anti tank missiles which went to the kurdish regional government . 
  all of those exports went to iraq , none to syria . 
  i wanted to say that you should continue to post in both languages , it 's great for learning french . 
  so if a policeman shoots a murderer attacking him , he 's not better than the murderer ? 
  i 'm sorry , but what you mean is violence ( or law/policy changes ) directed at those undeserving of it . 
  if someone opposes our values , we have to oppose them . 
  or our values do n't mean a thing . 
  i 'm accusing you of relativising , not negating them . 
  what you said was  one could still survive a concentration camp , execution - not really i 've got no appetite to argue semantics . 
  i 'll leave it to you to decide on whether this is a comparison one should make . 
  they would be distributed using a quota based on population and wealth . 
  no one wants to dump a million people on slovakia . 
  true , that does n't translate into `` at least doubled the flow '' though . 
   germany 's statement at least doubled the flow of refugees . 
  this is an accepted fact . 
  because  it just seems obvious to me . 
  interesting - so something just has to seem obvious to me so it becomes an accepted fact . 
  amazing . 
  one of which has been around far longer and is a single country . 
  it 's quite different really . 
  `` yes , let 's all defend against the migrant horde - by behaving like a horde of uneducated arseholes competing in a shouting contest . '', 
  now i 'm not saying you specifically are like that , i 'm trying to explain why , if we discard nuance and reason , we will simply not succeed in anything besides creating a hostile and toxic environment . 
  it 's not like * angry people on the internet * solve problems better than `` ivory tower intellectuals '' . 
  as to that , i 'm also quite surprised how my comment apparently makes me an `` armchair intellectual in an ivory tower '' . 
  @topic : i know of the fact that refugees interpreted her statement in such a way . 
  that was , however , not what u/king _ olaf said . 
  and as u/fluchtpunkt pointed out , the crisis did by no means start with her decision . 
  it started years ago . 
  any analysis of the crisis a well as any serious attempt to suggest a better policy must take that into account . 
  to clarify : i was aware that those two comments were from different people . 
  no lying involved , though i understand i should 've been more clear . 
  and lashing out at people on the internet whose views you know nothing of - well , that will make it hard for anyone to take * you * seriously . 
  you were talking about morocco as if it was some plan orchestrated by it 's government . 
  yes , it 's two people , but that does n't change my point . 
  top level comments often like to blame it all on merkel by utilizing crazy , over-the-top rhetoric and when someone critizises that , it suddenly gets more nuanced , whether it 's the same commenter or not . 
  it would be great if we could start nuanced . 
   morocco likes to send masses of its nationals to foreign lands , settle them their permanently and then claim said territory as their own . 
  that 's what they did in the western sahara against spain . 
  that 's what they do in europe to demand welfare . 
  pardon me , but which part of europe does morocco claim as part of it 's territory ? 
  always funny how  an insane situation created by their chosen leader . 
  suddenly becomes  well , she is n't exactly discouraging future migrants . 
  it has to do with them being serbians . 
  hard to grasp , is n't it ? 
  i know that . 
   of course these examples do n't negate millions of others which have vanished there . 
  that should have been in your initial post . 
  the quip at the end is unnecessary . 
  relativising concentration camps by saying `` at least you could survive them '' is problematic , methinks . 
  if you 're talking about asylum seekers , it 's probably cause stuff is n't as bad in cameroon as it is in somalia . 
  a hint : you might want to rethink that comment . 
  `` controversial '' does in no way exclude media . 
  it 's controversial in the media and it has been critizised by many . 
  by dropping bombs ? 
  yeah , the us has n't done that . 
  right . 
  that eagle looks arrogant as hell . 
  yes , the norwegian state should absolutely breach confidentiality and common decency so as to make it easier for you to dismiss it . 
  i do agree there are quite a few comments here who do lean in that direction . 
  however , the internet really should n't be seen as representative of the general population . 
  from my experience , people here mostly do n't care a lot or are angry at foreign and domestic surveillance agencies . 
  probably you havea different experience in your country . 
   they have been driving it since the beginning , nothing ever happens without them yeah , that certainly has n't got anything to do with the fact that the only other player able to be a driving force is completely unwilling to do so . 
  i do agree that ideally the eu should be able to enforce it 's rules on every member state regardless of power or clout , but that 'd require some actual european integration and , forgive me if i 'm wrong , you seem to oppose that as well . 
  but that 's exactly what he 's saying , i think . 
  no matter your personal beliefs or thoughts , there 's rule of law in europe ; and it applies to you even if you think otherwise . 
   however , now that we know that european governments were not victims , but willing and eager participants , people still defend them and pretend they are victims . 
  that is what i find annoying . 
  actually people do n't defend their governments . 
  they 're equally disappointed by them . 
  but that should not be an excuse for us spying . 
   local newspaper say no more . 
  people also call leipzig a wanna-be berlin ... 
  it 's a nice city . 
  but obviously not comparable . 
  halle is the new hipster capital . 
  and then it 's magdeburg . 
  and then schmalkalden . 
   i wont disagree but they are not isis no , they are n't , but that does n't make it right , does it ? 
  and it has been suggested several times that turkey is indeed supporting isis . 
  so it 's not completely false to point that out here . 
  a quick search suggests that their stated goal is to establish sharia law in syria , even if they do n't pursue `` global jihad '' like isis . 
  that does indeed beg the question what turkey intends with this . 
  yes , tell me . 
  because i did n't bring it up . 
  apart from `` fucking turks '' they 're not `` turkophobic '' at all . 
  also , please specify as to why criticism of , or , in this case , factual information on turkey 's foreign policy is `` ignorant '' . 
  yes , and it 's extremely profitable . 
  those penguins really pay astronomical prices to get a warm soup for once . 
  look at the `` national '' before the socialism . 
  it 's the name the nazis chose , you ca n't just redefine it . 
  and i think most poles would agree that communism definitely has at least a part in it . 
  nice of you to put the links together , i 'll be sure to read them when i 'm home . 
  since i doubt the eastern catholics/orthodox/protestants / jews approved of gays , i still am surprised politicians were able to act like that . 
  when you regularly deal with other faiths , people more easily questions their one , i guess . 
  thanks a bunch , did n't know that it was * such * a recent development . 
  i did know of polands multiethnic pre-war population , but this was new to me . 
  sad what national socialism and communism have caused .
