  so they actually had to find a bismarck impersonator ? 
  i stand by my comment on their dedication . 
  well that 's kind of circular reasoning because you 're arguing with the premyslids as well . 
  none of us have a clue what he considered himself as . 
  i mean he even was raised in france . 
  but from his actions i think it is clear that he cared about 1 . ), 
  strengthening the empire and 2 . ), 
  his own dynasty . 
  nationality did n't seem that important to him either way . 
  german , because in the [ golden bull ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_bull_of_1356 ) of 1356 he advised that the children of the kings of bohemia should learn german first , it being their native language . 
  that is a strong indicator , besides he also was from a german dynasty . 
  of course the hre was not really nationalised at that point . 
  charles himself spoke latin , german , french , czech and italian i believe . 
  this germania upgraded her armour by 200 % at least . 
  also , did they get a bismarck double just for this photo ? 
  that 's some dedication . 
  you need to engage in tactical alliances with other countries then . 
  considering the quarter and the city , most of them probably actually are politically left . 
  the three right countries leading . 
  though that first spot needs to change . 
  edit : well done everyone !, 
  you are fighting the good fight . 
  what about them ? 
  what people usually do n't know is that this massive police presence and the riots were and are basically confined to one of more than hundred boroughs in hamburg , one which is a centre of left activity as it is ( schanze ) . 
  the rest of the city is calm and life goes on . 
  apparently it 's hard to jump over fences in full body armor . 
  i love how almost every political ideology considers the media an enemy and biased against oneself ... 
  just some guy that wants to see more action against climate change , crafts a shield and goes peacefully protesting is not and should not be made responsible for the actions of a loud and violent minority among the protesters . 
  a couple of streets are at most . 
  it 's worth mentioning that there were actual peaceful protests these last days with thousands of people attending . 
  just does n't really make the news . 
  but we do n't shrug our shoulders . 
  what they were doing is a crime and will be prosecuted if possible . 
  there were several meters distance between car and house . 
  no person to be seen . 
  door closed . 
  under these circumstances , a reasonable observer would not assume that a person will be hurt . 
  even a person rushing to defend their property would not throw themselves in the burning car . 
  i mean i see where you are coming from - these people piss me off too . 
  but nevertheless when assessing the situation one should try to stay level-headed . 
  there will always be a certain risk associated with basically any action we take , but this risk has to be high and immediate before we can punish someone for creating it . 
  when people are riled up and feel strongly about something , they love to be confrontational and understand comments the way it suits them . 
  getting worked up is a thing of beauty for some . 
  all right , it is not the only way to stop them though . 
  and furthermore , the streets are deserted . 
  even if there had been explosions , people probably would n't have been hurt ( just the nutjobs themselves ) . 
  shields are cumbersome and pointless . 
  police are more mobile with body armour . 
  do n't base what you believe on reddit ... 
  i guess he refers to the idiots here and elsewhere who 'd love to kill people for breaking something . 
  that is not even remotely what he wrote or implied . 
  but considering their number , and their uniformity it might be impossible to identify them later . 
  that is , like , the point of wearing these masks . 
  and they are no thieves - they did n't steal a thing , at least not on this video . 
  it is literally what you 're calling for here . 
   i do n't mean to shoot anybody . 
  i mean to shoot violent people who are trying to blow things up - but only if there is no other alternative . 
  boy , there are lots of other alternatives . 
  i think some people in these g20 threads need to come to their senses again and quit calling for abolition of rule of law . 
  though he did specify that he wanted the soldiers to shoot over the women and children 's heads , to drive them away . 
  of course that does not change the genocidal intentions . 
  saved as my new desktop background . 
  helmut schmidt did n't cause the flooding . 
  anyone with a bit of sense could have predicted this . 
  the hamburg mayor 's ego . 
  got ta stay in the news if you want to be chancellor after merkel . 
  the greeks are in hamburg right now . 
  though a majority will still be german obviously ,, 
  * another passive aggressive comment *, 
  i am just stating a fact , which is that most witch trials and burnings were done not by an ecclesiastical inquisition but by local administrations or even just a wild mob . 
  and you also have to consider this : how was justice served before the inquisition ? 
  through outrageous bullshit such as [ trials by ordial ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/trial_by_ordeal ) . 
  the beginning of the inquisition marked the first step to a modern system of due process with the goal of * finding the truth * ( inquisitio ) instead of relying on a judgment by god . 
  moreover , inquisitors where the first actual step to law enforcement by the state . 
  before , people lived in a legal limbo . 
  if you were hurt , you - or in the case of murder - your family had to go and resort to [ self-help ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-help_\\ ( law \\ ) ) , taking the law into your own hands . 
  not only was this a system completely lacking in equality before the law , it also led to excesses of violence and brutality over generations , which we now know under the euphemism of `` feud '' . 
  so again - inquisitions were a wonderful thing given the circumstances . 
  when you criticize inquisitors for torturing you have to be aware of the fact that torture just was a legitimate instrument then and that they probably were milder and more humane in its application than most local nobility . 
  but the inquisition had almost no part in witchcraft trials , neither in spain nor in germany . 
  actually the inquisition was a very good thing and an improvement considering the time . 
  i guess there was no prussia there that could have bailed him out ? 
  all right ... 
  seems eerily similar to soviet thinking . 
  whatever makes the yearly statistics look good must be right . 
  i 'd have expected some complaints about germans , dutch and austrians as well . 
  evangelical in english means a different thing entirely . 
  the building is relatively old . 
  the interior is not though . 
  such a non-issue . 
  does no one know of [ party discipline ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_discipline ) ? 
  the law on gay marriage was not subject to it , which is why it actually mattered that every mdb was there . 
  you owe them a favour now , one day they 'll ask you to disclose secrets of the company you are working for or something the like . 
  exterminating germans is simply not a goal of antifa , no matter such ( albeit tasteless ) slogans . 
  apart from that i am not claiming antifa-ideology makes any sense . 
  yet it is still based on the principle of equality . 
  one ideology is built on inequality , the other on equality . 
  which nationalities or races do antifa want to exterminate ? 
  they might both be totalitarian and radical in their methods , but to pretend their goals do n't matter is completely misguided , as those do differ considerably . 
  it 's only one percent to be fair .
