  what usually happens is that indians sell what little possessions they call their own and collect money from the whole family in order to afford the flight and work in the gulf states under abysmal conditions . 
  i 'm not saying france should `` clamp down '' like russia , where freedom of speech is nonexistent . 
  what would be frances prime geopolitical enemy then ? 
  not in the legal sense . 
  but if you 're jumping into the bed of your country 's prime geopolitical enemy , then the term sort of becomes an apt description . 
  are you only considering marijuana ? 
  in other fields i feel the same about germany , gay marriage for example . 
  * inhabitants of the soviet union and no , it ca n't be compared . 
  russia 's actions in crimea were illegal anyway , but the budapest memorandum even provided additional assurances to ukraine 's territorial integrity . 
  no one forced russia to sign the treaty . 
  no need , it is german already . 
  they wanted to be part of ukraine though . 
  let 's add that russia helped in `` boiling things over '' . 
  and do n't forget that russia accepted ukraine 's borders officially after the soviet unions breakup . 
  they would have thought of the assassination by gavrilo princip and have blamed it on serbia and russia even more . 
  and russia was the first to mobilise . 
  that is why i wrote `` based on what everyone knew '' ... 
  nowhere is the kulturkampf mentioned in there ; and that article is at times extremely problematic , citing i.e. 
  the emancipation of jews as an example of ` germanisation ' . 
  following unification , we saw economic growth , an extension of social security , and - dare i say - a gradual development in favor of more democracy and parlamentarism . 
  how is it related to the empire of 1871 though ? 
  the wave of nationalism ? 
  based on what everyone knew , the most aurhoritarian and regressive regime on earth , russia , had invaded germany after 100 years of peace , without any cause . 
  that is an important reason for the socialists to support the government . 
  and this `` falling in line '' happened everywhere in europe . 
  the reichstag was powerful as long as the enperor did n't dissolve it - which he did not dare to do often . 
  i 'd prefer that to them voting npd . 
  a party functioning as a direct successor to the banned party would be banned as well . 
  while problematic , that is not a valid argument . 
  early west germany was not on the same level as the third reich despite the many ` former ' nazis in its bureaucracy and politics . 
  i did n't know hollande is known to be aggressive - is n't it a claim of fillon to stand up to merkel more ? 
  it was n't a total embarrassment though , the way the first process was . 
  true . 
  if you look at the courts reasoning , it is apparent that it considers the npd an antidemocratic , unconstitutional party but thinks they have no chance of ever gaining influence . 
  so this is n't really a judgement the npd could be proud of . 
  and next up in * race class * : why all greeks are lazy and corrupt . 
  they posed it so that it looked like liebknecht was shot while trying to flee . 
  when he left the car , he knew very well he was experiencing the last moments of his life . 
  that is sadistic to me . 
  i would rather not look at a couple of subreddits to form my opinion in this matter . 
  communism is a very broad term encompassing all sorts of diverse movements and ideas . 
  a lot of them are very much compatible with democracy and individual freedoms ; and that is a fact you 're sweeping under the rug with the black/white-mentality you are displaying . 
  equating communism , especially in the context of liebknecht and luxemburg , with nazism ist at the very least tasteless . 
   i actually study history at university is n't it part of academic historical study to refrain from blanket statements like these ? 
   communism happens when masses of people get told that they 're entitled to things that they 're not entitled too . 
  ** sadistically murdered * would be more fitting , i feel . 
  is this some joke ? 
  i could say the same about capitalism if i wanted to pull polarising statements out of thin air . 
  and be careful who you call violent , the uspd split from the mspd because it opposed ww1 radically . 
  it is frankly awful how you are downplaying this heinous act of political murder ( which is of an entirely different quality than what liebknecht and luxemburg advocated ) . 
   germany 's open arms policy was imo pretty foolish . 
  and when some countries ( hungary for example ) started doing their own thing , like protecting their borders , they were painted as the villains . 
  painted as villains ? 
  not by the german government , as far as i know . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ it is easy to assign blame to germany alone , but not true . 
  and as for the migrant quota , germany was by far not the only country in favor of it , otherwise it would n't have passed . 
  it is limited to 160.000 migrants in total and only a few thousand people have been distributed at this point . 
  it was an extreme measure in a dire situation ( september 22nd 2015 ) and designed to relieve countries like italy and greece . 
  it also only included nationals from countries with high acceptance rates . 
  and yet , as of last september at least , neither poland nor hungary have taken in a single migrant . 
  and the eu is not about to force them - for all intents and purposes , eu policy has shifted focus towards preventing more immigration long ago : merkel herself said that solidarity `` must come from heart '' and ca n't be forced - countries like hungary could , instead of sharing in the burden of accepting refugees , contribute to border security . 
  so , to sum up : i am a bit sick of the victim complex manifesting itself in these discussions at times . 
  and i am sick of being told the eu somehow is a german puppet . 
  these ideas are n't based in reality . 
   to the point , if merkel started waving the german flag around and praising germany , the afd would disappear within a single election cycle . 
  i do n't believe so . 
   but when the immigration policy of all member states is pretty much determined by one country , there is something wrong . 
  you will have to explain this better , because as of now i have to say that it is simply wrong . 
  i actually agree with every single point ( maybe except 2 . ) . 
  i would not see red-red-green as that bad though , i believe the country 's political direction would n't change drastically . 
   to undermine even the slightest chance of a red-red-green why would that be such a catastrophe ? 
  spd already knows ~ ~ whose political career will be sacrificed ~ ~ who will run , but they 're not going to tell us yet . 
  it would severely limit access . 
  few if any south italians , fins , estonians etc. 
  would be able to afford traveling and living there , and it would be completely unnecessary too . 
  national universities can prepare for bureaucratic positions just as well . 
  it would just further cement the impression that the eu is an exclusively french-german project and that other members are underrepresented . 
  thanks . 
  even though i actually read the article and looked at other german sources , i completely missed it . 
  so why is this being reported ? 
  the court decided almost two years ago . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think we can `` lead '' any more in europe before everyone else will attack us because of it . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think it would be a good idea , i just threw it out there . 
  it would result in mostly french people entering the eu bureaucracy ( and maybe a few germans ) which would be horrible . 
  eu citizens from the periphery ( ireland or bulgaria ) would be effectively barred from eu jobs . 
  norway is so filthy rich , it is almost unbelievable . 
  you could make graduation from such a university mandatory for jobs in the eu bureaucracy . 
  stra\u00dfburg already has the ena anyways , so this would be the same on a european level . 
  sorry , it just seemed a bit out of place , because it did n't really relate to k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  nobody cared about them ? 
  they already were the largest economy before ww1 . 
  their support for the allies ( in the form of generous loans and supply deliveries ) were key to the war effort even before they entered it themselves . 
  much of german politics during the war was the german government trying to keep the us from entering the war . 
  and an allied victory in ww2 would , again , have been almost unthinkable without us support . 
  it is interesting that you come to this conclusion - because i can assure you , this is done not out of a desire to `` be relevant '' but to do the right thing to preserve and strengthen the eu as a collective security system . 
  while this kind of thinking might still prevail among our neighbours , post ww2 germany has n't acted because of imperialistic ambitions at all . 
  they were , they just did n't have the guts to admit it at the time . 
  the most glaring example would be their refusal to join the league of nations .
