  thanks !, 
  not a good thing , but i 'm not necessarily shedding tears because of train stations . 
  even if they were often built in a rather interesting industrial yet ornamental style . 
  i ca n't really blame the people at the time , fighting a war germany started and all . 
  and the german bombings of coventry , rotterdam and warsaw were in their minds too . 
  but still , you wish they could 've recognised that these bombing campaigns largely strengthened the german resolve and therefore did n't even serve any purpose except pure revenge - even leaving apart ethical questions of whether attacks against civilians can ever be justified . 
  bombing civilian housing and administrative buildings instead of industrial areas sure saved a lot of british lives . 
  well , no . 
  generally , people became more determined to hold out . 
  it really just handed a great propaganda narrative to goebbels . 
  i noticed freiburg has stayed largely the same . 
  and at least the pictured area of hamburg ( binnenalster ) has the same look and feel to it even today . 
  i am kind of curious what 's hidden by the fog . 
     but i 've also seen entire sections of a city being left to rot as `` historical preservation '' . 
  at some point your going past `` remembrance '' and turning infrastructure necrotic . 
  obviously one would have to do it right . 
  in that case meaning one would have to spend the money and renovate the buildings carefully and as close as possible to their original appearance while including modern achievements like central heating for example . 
  you 're always walking a narrow path . 
  if it gets too costly , one might have to review whether these buildings truly have to be preserved . 
  you 're asking whether one should restore at all . 
  what i 'm saying however is that * if * one decides to restore , one should , well , actually restore the original state . 
  so in this case - no yellow tunica and blue olive branches . 
   but preservation for the sake of preservation is somewhat morbid to my sensibilities . 
  we study history and preserve monuments so that future generations might watch and learn of those who came before them , so that they might understand where they came from and why . 
  that the past might be more than a page in a history book . 
  i mean , why not bulldoze stonehenge for building material then ? 
  after all there 's no intrinsic value to it , it 's just a couple of stones standing in a field . 
   what you might consider `` ruined '' someone else might consider `` putting to use '' or `` homage '' . 
  someone ignorant maybe , and certainly no archaeologist . 
  apart from that , i did by no means claim `` everything '' should be turned into a museum , though this castle certainly is worth it . 
  moreover , why not restore it to its original appearance ? 
  you know , you would still be able to work or live in it . 
  the word restoration itself leaves no wiggle room whatsoever . 
  nothing is `` restored '' by inventing completely new structures and features that were never part of the building . 
  you might call it `` reimagining '' , but in my opinion if you want to build something new and original , then do so and do n't ruin sites with historic value like that . 
  thing is though that `` improving '' a buildings appearance has nothing to do with restoration anymore . 
  doing so irrevocably destroys the historical appearance . 
  something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xey17r8.jpg ) . 
  note the added oriels and roofs for example . 
  it was renovated after several fires , but not faithful to its original appearance . 
  [ he ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adolphus_frederick_vi,_grand_duke_of_mecklenburg-strelitz ) apparently was a bit of a dandy , spent a lot of his time in britain and commanded a regiment during ww1 until he died under suspicious circumstances in 1918 , a mere 35 years old . 
  absolutely not , no . 
  a shame it was ruined in the late 19th century . 
  so you call them corvins ? 
  they 're hunyadis here . 
  have to agree . 
  people are very easily triggered apparently . 
  so masurians were no poles ? 
  the title just says `` ties in '' . 
  no judicial reform without pis , no pis without catholic support . 
  at the very least their links to pis are hardly deniable . 
  a judge can not be member of parliament . 
  other members are attorneys , law scholars etc. 
  all of which are qualified to be a judge according to german law but have n't actually fulfilled that role yet . 
  point is you ca n't appoint some construction worker or fireman . 
  whoops , i blanked there . 
  you 're right . 
  but no , you need to be qualified to be a judge in order to become constitutional court judge . 
  those are judges for the federal courts of last appeal . 
  but supreme court justices are elected under the provisions of art . 
  a president is elected and qualified for the job . 
  a monarch just inherits it . 
  but that does n't touch the truly controversial parts , i.e. 
  the new process of appointing judges . 
  the king in the aegean !, 
  to be replaced by king otto i hope ? 
  it is n't though . 
  german constitutional judges ca n't be arbitrarily dismissed at all . 
  they are also voted in by the parliament with 2/3 majority , not picked by a partisan minister . 
  and lastly , there is simply a stronger democratic and nonpartisan tradition here . 
  yep , a popular saying is that the flag represents the struggle for a unified , democratic germany : * `` out of the blackness ( black ) of servitude through bloody ( red ) battles to the golden ( gold ) light of freedom . 
  '' * `` yellow light of freedom '' just does n't have the same ring to it . 
  i 'm not talking about the opposition to or support or the ns-regime by the catholic church . 
  nazi ideology was not reactionary-christian . 
  there 's still a large difference between i.e. 
  the franco dictatorship and the totalitarian , racist and warmongering state that was nazi germany . 
  the difference is the process , not the result though . 
  but reactionary christian conservatism , yes . 
  that one does n't just cover tv costs . 
  a what ? 
  you 're really living up to your user name . 
  a bit unnecessary given how extensive powers of the bavarian police already are . 
  and one does have to ask how this would have prevented the riots at g20 , a summit limited to two to three days as it is . 
   the state does not threaten civil rights , but `` extremists and rioters '' . 
  does he not understand that civil rights are universal ? 
  but i 'm not challenging the position that some degree of respect before the law is needed , i am challenging the position that classicist architecture is necessary to that end . 
  let me make a distinction between maintaining a certain dignity on one and `` enforcing respect '' on the other side . 
  officials and judges represent the state and have to comport themselves , yes . 
  but that 's not the same as aiming to intimidate one 's citizens . 
  there 's a large difference . 
  also , german judges look like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iyjx30x.png ) . 
   something which envokes respect and authority . 
  you 're repeating yourself . 
  karlsruhe is n't really a rural town ; but yes , it is for real . 
  i kind of love these surprised reactions , it 's more or less why i posted it . 
  enforcing the law makes people respect it . 
  building marble temples with columns does n't really , just costs a lot . 
  and of course if you ever sit in a court room it 's a bit too late now , is n't it ? 
  it raises an interesting question - why does a court need to look impressive ? 
  historically courts were ( and they still are , of course ) locations where traditional power structures were perpetuated and reinforced .
