  vereinigtes k\u00f6nigreich von gro\u00dfbritannien und nordirland = united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland more commonly used are `` gro\u00dfbritannien '' and sometimes `` vereinigtes k\u00f6nigreich '' or just `` england '' . 
  yeah , we do . 
  i actually had an american carefully point the difference out to me , but i still say toast in both cases . 
  i think it is because we have many other sorts and varieties of bread as well and ca n't be bothered to distinguish different states of a sort of bread we rarely use . 
  i see . 
  and with lots of calories of course !, 
  :d tell me , what 's the difference between your scottish and a `` british '' breakfast ? 
  just the name ? 
  sorry to hear that . 
  hope you are better soon !, 
  good to know . 
  i do believe it is an eu directive so maybe getting rid of it will be one of the positive aspects of brexit !, 
  oh yes we do have it here . 
  but for legal reasons it is n't called `` milk '' but usually `` sojadrink '' or something like that . 
  you know , because it is n't actually milk . 
  so that 's why i was wondering whether it can officially be called milk in britain . 
   soy milk is that the official name ? 
  looks tasty !, 
  drinking blood is more a romanian thing . 
   there are these ` breakfast drinks ' with fruits and fiver of 3/4 litre so it 's basically juice ? 
  never heard of breakfast drinks to be honest . 
  our favorite sport is football , and it is kind of present at the olympics so there you go . 
  i ca n't really explain my reasoning but typical olympic sports are swimming , gymnastics and running to me , maybe because i do n't really hear about those in other contexts . 
  i think germany usually does quite well in gymnastics for example . 
  i 'd say it is mostly culture , yes . 
  so there 's your answer , religion is n't the only factor at play . 
  your question rests on the premise that not being islamic is a guarantee for not being a criminal or culturally different and that everything standing between eastern europe and accepting refugees is religion ( it is not ) . 
  it kind of already is . 
  look at the treaties , equality and democracy for example are goals the members agreed upon . 
  of course this guiding principle is very loosely defined and enforced , so it is very much open to interpretation by the members states and does not subscribe to a specific model like the nordic , german or french one . 
  i 'd be happy . 
  yes it is . 
  our surplus in exports is mostly with countries outside the eu/ez . 
  but do n't let facts disrupt the anti-german circlejerk . 
  he is not implying patriotism ca n't be normal , he 's asking whether normal patriotism exists . 
  1\u00a01/2 to 2 liters per week on average . 
  now if we 're talking products made from milk as well , it has to be much more . 
  i 'm a sucker for cheese and yogurt for example . 
  i want to do that . 
  a novel about a handmaid featuring an ultrareligious mysoginistic us in a dystopian future . 
  not if you were old and unable to work any longer . 
  cynical , but the ddr did n't care if west germany had to pay their pensions . 
  quite some eastern germans traveled later in their lives . 
  well , of course . 
  nice to hear !, 
  i thought so . 
  a bit sad really . 
  again , a bit like here . 
  the german wikipedia is huge and of high quality for example . 
  maybe russia is a bit more segregated though , if i remember you have your own search engine and facebook copy , right ? 
  in germany you still use google and facebook , albeit in their german versions . 
  i love how you brought it up and everyone repeated the argument made back then . 
  i am not sure hungarians will be inclined to help you out , seeing as you wanted them to be part of a german state . 
  that this sub can exist and thrive at that blows my mind every once in a while . 
  unthinkable just a few decades ago and not just because the internet was n't readily available back then . 
  completely agree , your comment reflects my feelings on the situation here as well . 
  i am not a fan of code-switching to be honest , though i do know some regard it as a competency instead of deficiency . 
  still , it makes their german harder to understand for me and it does have the potential to be cringe-worthy , especially since most of the time those mixing up english and german the most are those not particularly competent in either . 
   learning english allowed and allows me to be in an intercultural marriage with english as our go to language . 
  any ambitions to change that ? 
  maybe to the language of the country you are living in ? 
  realistically , will irish make a comeback at some point ? 
  it would mean severing ties with the anglo-american cultural and economic sphere of course and you especially depend on the latter a lot i believe . 
   i wish . 
  there is almost no way to practice english in russia beyond the classes . 
  but what about the internet ? 
  in germany you also do n't usually encounter english outside school . 
  i learned it mostly via the internet even though i do have british relatives . 
  agreed , adoption and marriage are the two fields in which we are lacking as well . 
  you know you would n't survive those hollow alleys in switzerland ... 
  a bit over a year ago . 
  austria and russia did n't come , slovakia and czechia and belarus respectively were in the way . 
  so kaliningrad quickly falls to poland , poland falls to germany and the borders of 1940 are restored . 
  it is a german/austrian/swiss thing . 
  but it also means you do n't have to pay for a military . 
  and of course today there is no chance of us attacking you . 
  being influential is n't necessarily great you know . 
  there are lots of germans who are fed up with being involved in global politics and having to take over responsibility . 
  hell , lots of americans are as well , it is one of the reasons trump was elected actually . 
  did n't cosa nostra lose influence since the 90s ? 
  i was under the impression there were some significant advances these last years . 
  yes , now that does seem bleak . 
  what should or could be done in your opinion ? 
  sometimes i am tempted to change to a czech flair because of the comments i am getting . 
   though then they might put me through a beer drinking competition and my disguise would be gone . 
   on these days , i 'm actually near to crying reading news about italy 's economy or society . 
  no wonder operas were invented in italy . 
  seriously , italy has its fair share of problems but it is still one of the best countries to live in relative to the 200 or so other ones . 
  no need to cry . 
  to drink more beer per capita than the czechs . 
  it is a bit weird though , i mean we ca n't really do the work for you , only make suggestions . 
  every university and country has an english page for international students and if you do n't want to go to germany it is your job to seek out other options . 
  you did specify that you know a bit of german . 
  but your financial situation is the problem there . 
  you 'll still find work , even if it might not be paid as well . 
  and every job helps with getting the next one . 
  i know a person who more or less did just that - got a well-paying regular job here now , without really having learned german at all or having worked under a regular employment contract before . 
   getting a job without speaking german might be really difficult . 
  in it ? 
  wilhelm had no real power and certainly nothing to do with that telegram .
