  the point being ? 
  we 're in a common market after all , it should n't surprise anyone that there are eu nationals working and earning money in germany . 
  i am very happy about their presence . 
  when we look at our exports , they began to really boom after around 2010 though they were rising fast even before . 
  i think it is certain that at least partially this is attributable to the euro . 
   outside the ez it is n't though . 
  you 're cannibalizing trade from other ez countries basically . 
  this idea is completely alien to me . 
  should germany be punished because a mexican buys a german car rather than a spanish one ? 
  and according to [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/1/17/estimated_hourly_labour_costs_for_the_whole_economy_in_euros%2c_2016_enterprises_with_10_or_more_employees_f1.png ) , hourly labor costs in germany are higher than in spain ( as is to be expected really ) . 
  however i am by no means an economist , so you might have meant something different that is eluding me . 
   or they can try to invest in making their products better through innovation but that requires spending money which has to come from somewhere too . 
  well if german companies invest , that money comes from somewhere as well . 
  i liked this short , well-written history of this quite influential party in germany and maybe even worldwide . 
  as we are approaching the german federal elections this autumn and in light of its defeat in the nrw state elections on sunday it might be of interest to some . 
  for most of post-war germany 's history we had our own currency which was valued very highly . 
  and besides , our trade with the rest of the ez is quite balanced . 
  wrong question to ask . 
  you even said it yourself , we have a grand coalition right now . 
  even spd should hope for this . 
  what is there to be integrated between czechia and poland ? 
  you have free movement and similar standards already thanks to eu . 
  if integration does n't mean becoming a new state then i believe you are as close as you will get . 
  you do n't either `` have '' free spreech or not . 
  but it can be infringed upon more or less intensely . 
  that is why you generally still have to be wary of such small steps and ca n't brush it away with pointing out that in the big picture free speech still kind of exists . 
   life s a right . 
  the eu states will never take one of its citzens life by law . 
  good job at immediately coming up with the most sacrosanct right of all . 
  in eu states this right can indeed not be infringed upon . 
  maybe we are arguing over terminology here , but if what you 're getting at still entails that violations of private property by the state do not require thorough justification then you are still wrong in this . 
  yes , and this actually posed serious problems during the trials . 
  to be sure , murder , assault , deprivation of liberty etc. 
  were all known . 
  however it was felt the scale of national socialist atrocities warranted a new term and category . 
  i do n't know how your country handles it , but the german constitution ( art . 
  14 i ) and the charter of fundamental rights of the eu ( art . 
  17 i ) do extensively guarantee property as fundamental right . 
  there also seems to be a misunderstanding regarding the term `` right '' . 
  a right can certainly be restricted by law and executive actions based on the law . 
  however any such infringement has to be justified individually and specifically in regards to which other rights are to be protected and/or furthered by the infringement . 
  in my opinion simply reading something out loud should never warrant being detained and processed ( except for illegal statements of course , but since these activists read the constitution i think they 're not exactly guilty of that ) . 
  in this matter i 'd like to point to our wonderful constitution , more specifically [ article 14 i and ii ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gg/art_14.html ) . 
  i believe it demonstrates the two opposing principles , i.e. 
  the right to own property and to inherit ( art . 
  14 i ) and the belief that property carries with it responsibilities and should serve the common good ( art . 
  to me it seems like a good way to resolve this dispute is to arrive at a moderate inheritance tax rate as a compromise . 
  a rate of 90 % definitely is far too high . 
  well how many students are at state school , as a percentage of all students ? 
  i bet it is much more than 57 % . 
  so there might still be room for improvement . 
  we should have sent this with the voyager golden record . 
  upper class children usually have better chances because their parents can afford a better education , not because they stand to inherit money in 30 or 40 years . 
  and then there is the problem with property being a basic right and all . 
  even just to read something ? 
  did i just have a stroke or is the law on the grounds of which they were detained not mentioned at all ? 
  can you imagine juncker in that dress though ? 
  and all without having a member !, 
     and both goods and trade balances does n't take into account tourism . 
  germans spend a ton on tourism abroad while they do n't get much tourists themselves . 
  yeah , greece has almost as many non-resident overnight stays as we do , despite being a much smaller country . 
  r/sino appears to be about every china in existence . 
  though i really hope we will be more creative than asking dozens of times about the taiwan issue . 
   skill diversity that is exactly the kind of diversity i meant . 
  and no , i do n't consider it a fair point . 
  the decisions a politician has to make usually do n't require exact knowledge but rather a good sense of judgment and the ability to listen to and convince others . 
  any mp will be able to draw from a pool of knowledge from experts in the relevant field anyway , rendering the difference in backgrounds and skills effectively moot . 
  there are laws being passed on * everything * , knowing more about numbers or geology or languages or pedagogy or business than others is hardly relevant in the big picture . 
   not sure it that makes sense . 
  i do n't think so . 
  diversity for the sake of diversity is pointless in my opinion . 
  if he proves to be a good politician i 'd also vote for him . 
  as i said , platform and campaign performance are the important attributes to me . 
  well , you asked how anyone could not vote for a fields medal winner . 
  if one of them wanted to be my representative , i 'd look at their platform and consider whether they will be a good politician or an incompetent one . 
  i certainly wo n't vote for them just because of their expertise in a different field . 
  there are two different processes to consider here . 
  one is that france was chosen as the host country . 
  and the other one is that the city itself was chosen . 
  the former was definitely motivated by the desire two spread the eu institutions more or less equal ( i.e. 
  giving france a major one ) . 
  the latter was definitely influenced by the reasons you name . 
  any personal experiences you are basing that on ? 
  generally distributing institutions is a way of ensuring one member does n't overwhelmingly profit from the eu . 
  so i do n't see a problem with the ecb being in frankfurt , the ema being in london , the european court of justice in luxemburg etc. 
  the problem with parliament is that it has two seats and that it profits more from being close to the commission than other institutions , which is why i support relocating it to brussels completely and giving the ema or another agency to france instead . 
  that is fine by me , type it the way you want lol . 
  you ca n't decide whether that matters or not . 
  in the end the total sum is more important in my opinion , a small country might pay more per capita but it will still barely pay for one eu institution . 
  note that i do n't consider the netherlands a small country in this regard , their gdp is quite impressive . 
  anyway , is n't this discussion a bit pointless ? 
  my original comment was aimed at making clear that i do not condone either position on the eu . 
  well yes . 
  but i was n't talking about per capita contribution . 
  i do n't have zhe time to type two letters , sorry . 
  at the very least that stance is based on facts as we are contributing the most money by far . 
  personally i consider both these attitudes wrong and arrogant . 
  you can legitimately complain about german attitudes to the eu , but i have never seen or heard a german basically equate us with the eu to the point that an eu measure we profit from is seen as `` gifting ourselves '' . 
  i do n't even know what you are arguing for . 
  surely you agree that choosing france as the main seat of the european parliament was a way to appease the french ?
