  i mean , why not ? 
  i do n't know where you live , but here you 'd have to change the constitution quite heavily to allow for that . 
  why was it a mistake if your export-focused economy profited from it ? 
  unless you 're thinking in european terms . 
  well ... * it 's said by having low wages you attract investment and money so you can educate your workforce and eventually they will be paid better wages . 
  * that 's what they say . 
  ask your country 's export industry if they want to leave the euro . 
  or your banking industry . 
  oh , people here complain about it too . 
  it 's fine if you disagree with the amount of pay you get . 
  but i , from an outsider 's perspective , would n't blame him , i mean it is , in the end , a comparative advantage to have low wages . 
  as others have said - implementing austerity is not the same as enacting reforms . 
  austerity is just balancing the budget by increasing income or decreasing expenditure . 
  institutions and laws can be reformed to fulfill their task better . 
  it 's not even an `` austerity is bad , reforms are good '' thing . 
  if you 're overspending , you have to implement some form of austerity to survive in the long term . 
  of course then you have to weigh different options , for example sacking too many tax evasion prosecutors will probably hurt the budget even though you pay less wages . 
  the way i see it , greece cut down on it 's expenses a lot but because the political and economic systems remain largely rotten , unreformed and inefficient , they did n't profit from it as much as others did . 
  i will not necessarily argue the truth of that . 
  just saying that `` overall reform responsiveness '' and cutting state expenditure do n't necessarily mean that much if you assume greece * had * to reform more and spend less than others . 
  for us from europe 's north it certainly was n't costly or a mistake . 
  why would n't that be okay ? 
  as long as the minimum wage is paid there 's no law preventing an employer to pay low wages . 
  considering the constant evocations of nazi crimes over such ridiculous topics as raising vat , it 's only fair to give twitter morons some of their own medicine . 
  well , they are siding with greece as the underdog . 
  the anti-neoliberalism/capitalism left crowd has chosen greece as the preferred topic to express their general outrage over everything . 
  the same is true for the reactionary morons who abuse the topic to mobilise against both eu and the `` lazy greeks '' . 
  there are good reasons to support either side , but i know for sure that shouting on twitter obstructs constructive discussion and lets nuances fade in favor of easier digestable catchphrases . 
  i do n't know if it 's `` most '' , but surely a lot . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i should n't have opened a thread on a submission about greece ? 
  you posted this  of course it will not be easy but at least they will have their destiny in their own hands . 
  do you want 20 more years of this ? 
  after a initial first tough months i think they will do remarkably well . 
  to that i answered that they * will not , in fact have their destiny in their own hands * but that they will have to rely on eu/imf money to survive . 
  since grexit happened by then , they do n't even have that as a means to get better terms . 
  the austerity that would naturally follow would be worse than anything they experienced till now . 
  maybe you notice how i was n't actually saying there ** should ** be a fourth bailout . 
  i expressed my conviction that in case of such a crisis other eu countries would likely still approve of emergency help under * even harsher conditions * . 
  now you 're asking me to find support for a hypothetical emergency loan in a hypothetical scenario . 
  not going to do it . 
  how about you explain why greece would do so much better on it 's own without using arguments already debunked in the answers you got to your initial post ? 
  your vote is the best way to influence policy in a democracy . 
  make it count , even if only to punish the current government . 
   it goes against eu treaties . 
  as if that matters anymore . 
   and the eu is not responsible for the ez fuck ups . 
  more like greece 's fuck ups , if they decide to grexit and then apply for eu money because they ca n't pay with drachmas . 
   are you saying that britain and bulgaria for example are responsible for the greeks ? 
  you know , even now there 's a concept of solidarity within the eu . 
  look at the structural funds . 
  once prices go up in greece , we 'll have an actual humanitarian crisis . 
  i 'm sure funds for emergency assistance would find support . 
  viktor ponta would be proud . 
  call me an idiot , but that 's more like where corruption money goes . 
  you ca n't really compare that . 
  iceland let it 's banks fail , greece 's sovereign debt crisis is n't really about banks anymore . 
  and just look at iceland 's economy : extremely productive , relatively low tax and high internal demand , much more diversified than greece 's and ( that 's an assumption , but a sensible one i think ) much less rampant cronyism , corruption and tax evasion . 
  i do n't really understand where you 're getting at . 
  how i would get that approved in eu parliaments ? 
  well , i 'd ask them . 
  if they do n't approve , fine , then greece does n't receive bailout money . 
  more like the left/centre cdu and the right/centre spd wing working together . 
  if you listen to what the more radical factions say you 'll realise they still differ quite a lot . 
  what u/laptopzombie said . 
  also , the eu money that would keep greece afloat would * still * have restrictions and requirements to it so greece would n't at all have their `` destiny in their own hands '' . 
  it would be a continuation of the austerity `` regime '' , just for an even poorer greece . 
  who is the sdu ? 
  is it a mixture of spd and cdu ? 
  sovereign debt does not require a monetary union to be accumulated . 
  you 're fighting straw men . 
  let it slide - he 's a sad testimony to what can happen with human beings when only bitterness and hate remain . 
  he does n't want to debate . 
  his only goal is to drag you down into his shallow world . 
  ~ ~ a bunch of idiots ~ ~ the people look at a complex situation and chose to side with the underdog . 
  good vs. bad , morally superior rebel fighting greedy elites . 
  a perfect narrative if only for the fact that it 's simplistic , distorts reality and obstructs any attempt at constructive discussion . 
   true , but the current crisis is so complex there is no one true solution for everything . 
  should private lenders have been held more accountable ? 
  absolutely . 
  but that should not influence policy towards greece , which did not magically become a corrupt , barely industrialised country because of a bank bailout . 
  those problems ca n't simply be dismissed by pointing to how private debt became public . 
  as far as i know restructuring still counts as defaulting , the same way paying your loans by printing money is sometimes counted as defaulting . 
  greece 's two defaults in 2012 amounted to 303 billion us$ . 
  as far as i know that is the biggest one in history . 
  true , but the current crisis is so complex there is no one true solution for everything . 
  should private lenders have been held more accountable ? 
  absolutely . 
  but that should not influence policy towards greece , which did not magically become a corrupt , barely industrialised country because of a bank bailout . 
  those problems ca n't simply be dismissed by pointing to how private debt became public . 
  sovereign default means a country does not pay any/all of it 's outstanding debt payments . 
  since a country is by definition sovereign , there is no agency to oversee an insolvency proceeding . 
  however , the most important consequence , namely a significant and immediate drop in the trust markets put in that country , usually leads governments to abstain from defaulting . 
  without market 's trust , interest goes up and it becomes hard or even impossible to finance government expenditure . 
  that in turn often means implementing austerity measures to avoid complete bankruptcy or to regain trust . 
  a defaulting country may also face international pressure to pay . 
  in history , sometimes wars were declared by lenders to make borrowers pay the outstanding debt ( gunboat diplomacy ... ) . 
  today most often there is a conference during which some sort of compromise ( haircut etc. ), 
  is reached . 
  apart from the moral hazard that would cause , is there a way you know of that would ensure the necessary changes and reforms are made ?
