  because i think the term is relatively clearly defined . 
   and they had realized/planned some social projects . 
  so that is your definition of socialist ? 
  then that label would apply to just about every political party or movement that ever existed . 
  yeah , i think we agree fully here - without the state of total social mobilisation achieved by constantly producing inner and outer enemies supposedly on the brink of exterminating the german people , more people might have resisted or protested against the regime 's more open crimes . 
   they looked up for the same voters as communists in germany - this is main reason for clashes and hate between them . 
  / r/badhistory 1 ) the nazi 's main source of support were middle class people who feared downward social movement in the wake of the global depression , which hit germany , as a highly industrialised country , very hard . 
  while especially in its later stages the national socialist movement gained votes from all social groups and tried to paint itself as a people 's party , the lower classes and especially the urban proletariat more often looked to the communists , not the nazis . 
  2 ) saying the nazis were socialists is simply wrong . 
  the democratic people 's republic of korea is not democratic simply because it claims to be . 
   in my opinion the war was a pretext i do n't think that is historical consensus . 
  in nazi ideology , races are struggling for supremacy and the nazi 's goal was to have the `` aryan '' race win that struggle . 
  to achieve this , they resorted to means such as war , genocide , deportations and other totalitarian policies . 
  i think none of those actions were pretext or goals in themselves - the ultimate goal was a world dominated by `` aryans '' . 
  edit : maybe that actually is what you mean ? 
   sorry if i misunderstood you . 
  you 're overestimating how rational the nazi leadership was . 
  winning the war and exterminating those deemed inferior were two sides of the same coin . 
  why would you drive on the highway with a bowl full of paprikas ? 
  well that 's what they did after ww1 . 
  i 'm all for unification with austria , but not if it is forced upon either party . 
  if like a 2/3 majority votes for it in a referendum , we should do it . 
   strictly speaking the best kind of speaking . 
  there 's nothing to fix . 
  economic development and attracting companies are goals of every city or region . 
  but i 'm happy that germany 's wealth is more or less evenly spread and that living in the capital is not at all required to have a good life , earn enough money and still get to live in or near a vibrant , interesting city . 
   internationalism and cosmopolitanism have in fact * always * been part of the world 's socialist or social democratic movements . 
   germans released a tv series recently that pictured the german army as victims and polish resistance was shown as anti-semitic xenophobes which one ? 
  well the problem is that not necessarily all or even the majority of them are forced ; and if they are , you can hardly prove it . 
  well , it would be theoretically possible - but i do n't think it can happen without good cause . 
  for example , a person with both german and american nationality that choses to enlist in the us army would be stripped of his german citizenship . 
  well it can only happen once the proposed law actually passes . 
  i guess the mullahs had only british citizenship ? 
  stripping people with dual citizenship of one of their nationalities is perfectly normal and has precedent in german law . 
  you do n't know what you 're even talking about . 
  there is no reason it would . 
  dual nationality has nothing to do with family life . 
   strip german citizenship from * dual * nationals who fight for foreign militias . 
  a pretty important bit of information for those who , as ever , only read the title . 
   the majority of these refugees are looking for a better life on the teat of european wealth , not asylum from war . 
  well i 'm obviously only for helping those . 
  the question is , why are you so intent on abandoning and fucking over even genuine refugees ? 
   that 's what i 've been talking about here . 
  this is your original comment . 
   we took refugees and economic migrants before it was cool . 
  you did n't . 
  in fact , other countries take in many more than poland ever did . 
  and then you refused to believe that most ukrainians in poland are there on work visas . 
  you 've been given sources that say otherwise . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
   polan is still a place where thousands of migrants arrived migration has been a common occurence in eu countries since it existed . 
  i assure you that poland is not an exception here - actually , other countries like germany , britain or france have far , * far * higher numbers . 
  [ so if an official statement is n't good enough for you . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vzpk2 ) there are your hard numbers ( you could have found them yourself pretty easily ) . 
  in 2015 2.295 ukrainians applied for asylum in poland . 
  4.660 in germany . 
  poland will not leave since it knows very well how much it profits from eu development funds . 
  and it will never cease to amaze me how some people get worked up about taking in a small amount of refugees ( 5,64 % for poland , 1,79 % for hungary ) . 
  the countries would even be able to process the asylum requests themselves . 
  i know for example that i 'd be happy when someone took me in after i had to flee my country because of war and persecution . 
   i 'll answer with only one word : `` opinions '' . 
  i quote :  `` the vast majority of ukrainians who flee here prefer to apply for visas , rather than asylum , '' said ewa piechota , a spokeswoman for poland 's office for foreigners . 
  `` once they are granted temporary residence , basically they can stay in poland indefinitely . ''  for the thousands who can not obtain such a visa , even under poland 's more liberal regulations , asking for asylum is the only option . 
  but the odds are bad . 
  not an opinion . 
  fewer people chose french actually . 
  spanish is gaining popularity fast . 
  i would be mad . 
  the language trio english/french/german is good . 
  but it 'd be nice if german was given the same position as english and french - lots of eu documents that should be translated are not etc. 
  well , we wo n't . 
  but it 's more because we 're now bff . 
  yeah , i notice this trend in germany . 
  i do n't know if it is the same in france , though . 
  in a way this is quite sad , as it signals an end to the period after the war when each country 's youth was learning the other 's language instead of shooting at each other . 
  on the other hand it might also mean that we do n't need such exchange anymore and that our relations have completely normalised . 
  you 're breaking our heart , frenchies . 
   but most people are not one-issue voters . 
  and that is precisely the reason she will stay . 
  the only party somewhat able to rival cdu is the spd , and they do n't stand a chance right now . 
  the only risk comes from a cdu-internal coup , but she eliminated any good alternatives long ago . 
  the cdu can not function without her while csu does n't have the power or will to run as an independent party . 
  exactly , people educated at those universities have good job prospects , but normally they are required to serve a certain time after finishing their degree . 
  the right to object remains , but in that case they have to repay the cost of their education . 
  i think it is about trusting the military to stay loyal to the constitution , democracy and parliament . 
  by the way : thanks for writing in estonian !, 
  it is a language you do n't see too often and i had a bit of fun trying to guess a few sentences . 
   plus when it comes to development , despite the wealth of moscow and a few other cities , it would take decades and massive investments to even dream of russia catching up with the rest of the eu , that probably could n't afford that even if it wanted to . 
  they 'd have to fulfill the convergence criteria , obviously . 
  and you 're saying it 's utopic that russia would ever be wealthy enough . 
  true it is just as utopic that it will be a peaceful democracy any time soon . 
  well , why would anyone be against a russian non-expansionist , peaceful , western parliamentary democracy joining ? 
  sorry , but only [ croatia was part of hungary ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bd/cisleithanien_donaumonarchie.png ) but of course you 're right , they had to circumnavigate the italian peninsula . 
  a bavarian calling prussia the true germany ? 
  i have now seen it all . 
  they had istria and dalmatia up to 1918 , so that is n't as special . 
  no worries . 
  do n't feel pressured to reply when you do n't have the time !, 
   evidently , we must find solutions that honour both our european values but we must stay practical and realistic . 
  i feel like sometimes this is impossible .
