  by now it is believed hitler gave the order himself but left the detailed planning to his subordinates . 
  and of course a large part of the holocaust was n't planned intricately , jews were often just rounded up and shot en masse . 
  there are credible theories that when hitler ordered the extermination of the european jews it was because at that point he knew that the war could not be won and if he could n't assert german dominance over europe or even the world he 'd at least fulfill his second goal , killing all jews . 
  a central authority without authority is n't worth anything though . 
  and the east would be far poorer and underdeveloped compared to the western part . 
  a central authority without authority is n't worth anything though . 
  and the east would be far poorer and underdeveloped compared to the western part . 
  look at europe today and a hundred years ago . 
  obviously plenty can change , i really would n't discount the possibility . 
  well that 's not a true unification then ? 
  i am , for now at least . 
   the law allowing ` refugees ' to reach germany ? 
  point me to that law please . 
   over the law that abolishes border controls ? 
  or this one . 
  among schengen states these are abolished anyway . 
  at the eu 's outer border , there are [ border controls ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hfdk5de.jpg ) . 
  is it coincidence the words related to alcohol all seem to be based on czechs ? 
  all right , that 's fair . 
  i 'd say do n't stop at american companies . 
  justice in tax politics should not be a protectionist measure but one born out of the wish for morality . 
  you 're arguing for a race to the bottom . 
  taken to its final conclusion , a logic of countries continuing to decrease and decrease taxes results in a world of no taxes at all for companies and crippling poverty and low quality of life for the majority of the population . 
  the fact of the matter is that tax havens like ireland , malta or switzerland live on the backs of other countries ' taxpayers . 
  their model is parasitic and ca n't be adapted by everyone . 
  take this one for ecample . 
  was the original sentence - prominently featuring the perpetrator ( volkswagen ) after the changes , the sentence reads like this :  damit ist gegen gesetze versto\u00dfen und vertrauen missbraucht worden . 
  any mention of volkswagen disappears . 
  very strong emphasis on the crimes being an act of the past . 
  at least our tricking mechanisms are well-engineered . 
  look , i fully sympathise with you . 
  but you asked what could be done , and i will not believe there is no room for improvement . 
  just look around on this subreddit for example , you will find plenty of people willing to defend their country 's actions no matter whether they make sense or are justifiable in view of i.e. 
  rule of law just because it 's * their * country doing it . 
  that 's the ugly side of a sort of nationalism that is clouding people 's ability to think rationally . 
  and the problem is n't limited to poles . 
  neither cdu nor fdp want to `` fuck people over '' in the open , and at least cdu very much claims to be a party of the people . 
  also : how did one altered speech suddenly turn into `` all of the spd wants to fuck over people '' . 
  as i 'm speaking about poland in the abstract - have more people participating in the protests ? 
  not reelect the responsible government and/or party or even elect it in the first place . 
  and most importantly not dismiss statements and actions on the issue by the eu or other nations because they 're not uttered by poles . 
  if poles care so much about their freedom they should fight back more against a government trying to end separation of powers and be glad about the help of the eu and their neighbours . 
  an executive power grab is not a wonderful reform that will better life for all because it is a * polish * power grab . 
  and this  they no longer dominate the environmental issues is quite simply wrong . 
  they are the only party actually taking climate change and environmental problem seriously . 
  yes , by now everyone likes to * talk * about protecting the environment , but doing so ? 
  that 's another story entirely . 
  well all he did was formulate what everyone , including poland and the baltics implicitly accept . 
  because cdu or fdp politicians would never ever do such a thing . 
  the article may overstate things a bit , but the changes are not simple `` fact checks '' but change the contents as well . 
  not necessarily the same sort of germans . 
  so i just read a story about merkel being gifted amber during her election campaign . 
  it was really hard not to connect both stories . 
  all right , the point still stands though . 
  representing the people . 
  which requires far more work than sitting in a room and voting . 
  actually , just voting on something is probably the smallest part of parliamentary work . 
  is there a need for that ? 
  usually voting is organized on party lines and does n't require everyone to attend . 
  it 's a good idea , i like it . 
   self determination is not expressed by people 's ethnicity , but by themselves . 
  i agree . 
  a shame poland never gave them a chance to state their wish themselves and subjected them to polonisation measures . 
   it 's not that they did n't want to , it 's that they could n't without german help . 
  you offered them help , they accepted , you carved up the east . 
  which makes them just as guilty . 
  i 've never claimed germany was n't complicit - only a madman would do so . 
  so either we agree that the hitler-stalin-pakt was a heinous act by both nazi germany and the soviet union or you disagree with that and continue to try to push the blame on one side . 
  which is something i ca n't agree to . 
  well poland might just want monetary compensation which could of course be paid by russia . 
  i wrote it because russia is the legal successor to the soviet union . 
   it is not , unless you 're an ethnic nationalist . 
  * unless you care about self-determination of peoples  the soviet union only complied , it was nazi germany that caused it . 
  reeks of soviet apologism - `` they just had to invade poland , germany made them do it ! '', 
  no one should take that seriously . 
   that 's not a relevant metric . 
  well yes it is . 
  it raises questions as to how valid polish occupation of these territories was . 
   germany caused the shift in borders , they should look at germany . 
  nazi germany caused it together with the soviet union . 
  difference is that there is no generalgouvernement anymore , while `` kresy '' is still part of ukraine and belarus respectively . 
  poland should look to no one actually , but if it does , it should do so to ukraine , belarus or russia . 
  the territory east of curzon line b was n't majority polish anyways . 
  besides , poland should then look to belarus and ukraine , not to germany . 
  it was . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg is russian though . 
  i can add 2 $ if poland switches to the euro . 
  i wish people would stop arbitrarily connecting some present issue they care about with nazi germany . 
  it 's really cheap . 
   you like to flagelate and bring in millions of 3rd worlders because you 're so ashamed of your history . 
  written by someone with no understanding of germany or germans . 
  and in any case , why is it somehow germany 's fault or responsibility ? 
  none , which might explain it . 
  i see , that makes sense . 
  the yields from the kfz-steuer in germany do n't have to be used in a certain way , that might explain these different reactions . 
   slovenian  had to guess , ca n't see flairs all that well on my cell . 
  had to guess , ca n't see flairs all that well on my cell . 
  i meant that short-term thinking is often encouraged by the term system . 
  does the slovak electorate really react euphoric at the announcement that a street will receive routine maintenance during the summer months ? 
  it 's how politics work in every democracy .
