  but italy really tried to wipe out their culture before . 
  e : can you guys please stop it with the whataboutism ? 
  with the intention of granting every investor equal opportunities - that is very much free trade . 
  and these agreements cover much more than investments . 
  calm your tits , private gun ownership is possible almost everywhere in europe , and that is n't about to change . 
  we just take care that you are not a psychopath before granting you a license , which is a good idea in my opinion . 
  using your gun in self-defense is allowed already . 
  the comment you were agreeing with did not make that distinction at all . 
  i agree completely , let 's kick foreigners out of europe . 
  let us start with bulgarians , go back to the steppes or wherever you turkic invaders came from . 
   as a middle aged londoner i totally agree with everything you 've said but when i voice concerns i literally get called a racist or a xenophobe . 
  does that surprise you ? 
  you do at least hold xenophobic views , it 's just that you do n't find that bad - which is your right . 
  but do n't act surprised when people say things the way they are , grow some thicker skin . 
  which is why parole can be denied . 
  but we should n't rule it out completely . 
  i think we should rather stop focusing on names and look at the facts and actions . 
  i also think you 're looking at this in a too pessimistic manner - even or especially the average american would know that the soviet union committed a great many crimes . 
  yeah , the holodomor was not a genocide - it did not target ukrainians . 
  ukraine simply had a very large amount of kulaks . 
  ** the real question ** is , however , why we appear to only care about massive atrocities and crimes against humanity when they have the tag `` genocide '' assigned to them , which is what causes political efforts such as this one to be made . 
  i 'm just applying your logic . 
  even if you have other advantages , you also better have little to no taxes or companies wo n't stay/come to your country in your world . 
  you 're just asking for a race to the bottom then - the first country without any taxes at all wins , right ? 
  go ahead and write a `` why geert wilders is n't a racist '' post . 
  curiously enough , it is actually k\u00f6nigingr\u00e4tz . 
  we have n't done it because it would unnecessarily antagonise an important ally . 
  but the us could n't realistically do anything if we really wanted to . 
  france was the strongest european power but that does n't mean austria , sweden , spain or england were its vassals . 
  germany could easily shut down those bases though . 
  and the fact that english is the lingua franca does n't mean anything , three centuries ago it was french and that did n't keep others from fighting france . 
  it tends to , in very broad scopes . 
  but not at all always ( just think of the iraq war ) . 
  i would n't call that vassalage . 
  do you actually think germany has any kind of vassals ? 
  we are just the largest eu country and economically in good shape . 
  so our voice naturally carries a lot of weight . 
  on a global scale , the us has/had this role , and yet you would n't say the rest of the world are simply us vassals . 
  let us settle for the middle . 
  german . 
  the risk of hurting investors ' trust and therefore future investments . 
   that is because western people will never comprehend this ;  excessive kindness is quite often seen as an act of submission , surrender and weakness the more eastwards you go , not altruism . 
  they do comprehend that . 
  they just believe it is an utterly moronic and toxic way of thinking . 
   a suggestion that one of the reasons to remove that lady from the office was `` too much jewish content '' . 
    what evidence are there to support such claim ( what was the actuall conntent , was something like that even said in the first place or was it part of any reasonable context and not pulled from some where 's ass for clickbait purpose ? 
  we do n't know !, 
  apparently it was the polish ambassador to berlin , andrzej przylebski . 
  searching for it only yields polish results though . 
   we 're talking about polish institute in berlin which objective is to cover whole millennium of polish culture and history . 
  yeah , so why not cover polish jewish history and culture ? 
  what the hell is wrong with that ? 
  just look at the official website , the institute covers much more than just jewish history . 
  it is explicitly mentioned because it has so often been violated ... and how can it be abused ? 
  if exercising freedom of religion leads to a violation of other fundamental rights , then it is already unconstitutional . 
   free practice of religion is not something we need to view as an important part of society . 
  this is a very important right and it needs to be explicitly stated . 
  just look at the french wars of religion , the thirty years war or the many pogroms and persecutions the jewish people experienced all over europe over about 2000 years and you will have to agree that otherwise no state can be trusted not to infringe on it . 
   we should go after their families that indoctrinated them then it is still the womans decision to wear that specific piece of cloth . 
   forced them to wear a burqa . 
  is already a crime , but difficult to prove . 
   in germany kids are taught how bad the far-right is from early on it is more that we are taught our own history , and that this leads to most people naturally becoming very wary of far-right ideology , i 'd say . 
  it is hard not to . 
  the only other country in europe to use abstraktionsprinzip , i believe ( except austria ) . 
  he was an enlightened despot , but a despot nonetheless ; and a man with insatiable hunger for power . 
  while his reforms were often great and much-needed , do n't forget the other side of the coin : foreign occupation , forced conscription and tributary payments , arbitrary drawing of borders to accommodate his family members , warmongering to satisfy his inflated ego . 
  he declared himself emperor , he was not some great champion of democracy and many of his reforms would have likely been instituted anyway ( peaceful evolution instead of revolution ) . 
  the bgb is not really influenced by alr ( thank god ) . 
  you do n't understand . 
  the eu is not a country , so no change will happen if we keep electing national politicians happy to complain about it , but unwilling to actually reform . 
  any change in the eu will start with our national governments . 
  the eu is not a country , if we continue to disregard the eu and its future in our national elections ( or reduce it to a simple `` out ! '' ), 
  then there will be no change . 
  which crimes are you talking about ? 
  bugger off , the reich wo n't come back and it is good that way . 
  the guy you 're responding to treats the topic very one-dimensional but you 're even worse . 
   mr steinmeyer died two weeks after comrie resident george carson , who became a close friend of the former soldier . 
   mr carson said of mr steinmeyer : `` he was a dyed in the wool nazi and once thought that hitler was the finest thing ever to happen to germany . 
   `` he was captured and taken to comrie and eventually was allowed to work and was treated with great kindness by people . '', 
  so even hardcore nazis seem to be humans capable of changing their ways . 
  the people of comrie appear to have had a large part in this - hats off to them . 
   stuff about japan whatever man . 
  irrelevant here . 
  you 're once again trying to justify something by pointing at what others do instead of finding actual reasons . 
   only white people can be racist , right ? 
  get a grip mate . 
  if you say so . 
  do n't know why you think that , it is kind of a stupid opinion . 
  everyone can be racist . 
  with your opinions , you should n't have a hard time at all . 
  ah yes , the `` everyone does it , therefore it is great '' - argument . 
  in any other context people would be ashamed to resort to it . 
   although it 's not quite on the same scale , do n't you guys still have plenty of monuments from the 1864 war against denmark ? 
  do n't know of any , feel free to point me to those you know of . 
  memorials simply commemorating the combatants are n't the same as this trianon memorial , by the way . 
   pretty much every wwii monument could also be looked at from the german civilian 's eyes if you wanted to . 
  what the german civilians we n't through at the end of and after the war was horrible , but obviously that 's not what the monuments are trying to `` celebrate '' or remember . 
  we 'd have to get rid of every single monuments from any kind of conflict if we always wanted to assume the worst when looking at them . 
   the same goes for graves etc. 
  from the various wars .
