  i mean , which capital ever is ? 
  and neither would i call berlin beautiful . 
  speak for yourself lol . 
  i 'm from the far north of germany and i like bavaria and bavarians while the bavarians i encountered liked me i believe . 
  there is a bit of friendly animosity at most , that 's totally in good faith though . 
  for germany you can choose any and no city to be honest . 
  the complaints would always be the same though - based on the region it is in . 
  berlin is a good choice however . 
  it was the capital of the state that historically united germany , and there 's lots of symbolism there , with the wall , the brandenburg gate and what not . 
  if i had to change it , i 'd choose frankfurt . 
  being partially artificial itself , hessen is a good compromise . 
  frankfurt hosted the paul 's church parliament in 1848 and it was the city where the holy roman emperors were crowned , i 's also centrally located . 
  a meme at this point . 
  and completely untrue . 
  germany in general is a decentralised nation , this is not limited to bavaria . 
  bavarians are far more close to saxons than i.e. 
  holsteiners and so on ... 
  basically a non-issue . 
  before just one or two nations are left in the eu , it will be disbanded , whether theoretically possible or not . 
  that said , we started with just six nations . 
  usually calls for intervention imply a peacekeeping and stabilising force to be present as well . 
  or at least take on responsibility after having bombed a country , to rebuild it . 
  i believe germans pursue a middle way compared to americans or chinese on the one and i.e. 
  scandinavians and french on the other side . 
   in these places , you can probably get a full size house ) lol no , at least not if you 're not filthy rich . 
  but i can recommend moving to the suburbs in schleswig-holstein - pinneberg for example - as buying a house is still possible there . 
  and public transport is excellent . 
  czech . 
  i think it counts , as i do n't think there are many learners outside the czech republic . 
  it even extends to cities , there are hamburgers for example . 
  i hesitated for a moment actually , and chose the wrong option t_t, 
  this is true . 
  and i have to add that i 'd never say `` augsburch '' , for example . 
  i was being a bit facetious , it is actually often completely fine to pronounce the g hard as well . 
  https://youtu.be/cozt12ympyo here the singer uses both pronounciations . 
  well done . 
  anything ending with - burg . 
  it is actually pronounced - burch , but everyone thinks - burgh is correct . 
  irak , probably . 
  maybe you should create / r/askeuropebutonlyifyourenotfromtheus then :p, 
  it 's frank then . 
  oh god , you did it . 
  does not sound too bad , especially the choir part . 
  maybe germany could get an estonian upper class controlling economy , politics and science as well . 
  it 'd be estonias chance to rule the earth as a tributary to the high alien chancellor frank . 
  i hear relations between paris and the regions are n't so great . 
  the housing prices and the fact that it is far away from the sea are n't too great . 
  everything else is amazing . 
  everything positive already mentioned , maybe a bit superfluous though . 
  i am not surprised at all , but i am really just asking for opinions . 
   personally i am a bit sceptical though . 
  i do n't believe a sum of money will be all the dup were able to extract . 
  what do you think of the accusation that these # 1 billion effectively are a bribe in return for the ten dup votes , pampering a region on the backs of other regions ? 
  he is using a pretty common term in negotiating tactics ( batna ) , there 's no malicious intent here . 
  ah , all right . 
  but they still get paid for doing nothing ? 
  fair enough, 
  well , what you are saying essentially amounts to that because other regions and peoples had it bad as well , the catalans should not complain . 
  that does not hold up . 
  if anything , it means more regions should complain . 
  helps a lot that property owners get filthy rich when you ca n't find a place to live ... 
  catalonia as part of the crown of aragon and the kingdom of castile were initially just united in a personal union . 
  catalan was spoken in courts , in the public administration etc. 
  and the people felt catalan . 
  after 1714 catalan institutions and autonomy were crushed as most catalans supported a pretender to the throne during the war of spanish succession . 
  barcelona had been brutally sacked before ; and for centuries catalan culture and language were suppressed . 
  still , catalan identity survived and why should they feel as spanish , considering that history ? 
  spain , or castille obviously . 
  well , to catalans that was the beginning of an injust foreign occupation of their homeland . 
   `` i want my own state because i do n't like the state i 'm in '' is , however , a perfectly valid reason that was absolutely implied by him ... 
  that should be decided by looking at bavaria itself , austria as a completely different country is not relevant . 
  might as well look at togo or serbia then . 
  it actually was , look at the ( no longer sung ) first two stanzas , especially the second one . 
  so what ? 
  why does that mean catalans should not have their own state . 
  ah , no big deal then . 
  but what does that have to do with germany ? 
   apparently in germany you need very good grades to study psychology . 
  supply and demand - it is crazy how many people want to get in those programmes . 
  if that were true , then should n't cdu 's voter base be young germans ? 
  i inherited a second citizenship myself and am glad about it , though i feel not at all as a citizen of that country . 
  i still have a bit of a special connection to it and might move there one day . 
  so i am fine with it . 
  however i support removing the option for countries like turkey which grants turks living abroad the right to vote for all eternity . 
  that 's not ok . for the record , i ca n't vote in my second home country . 
  vaclav havel , though he was n't technically from eastern europe . 
  neither should you . 
  seems like a damn fine plan . 
  if you mean personal guilt ? 
  i 'm not responsible for anything that occurred back then . 
  actually i know for sure that even my ancestors were not complicit at all . 
  but i indeed have a certain feeling of dismay and shame at what germans , in the name of germany did in those 12 dreadful years . 
  and i believe that this carries with it a responsibility to remember the victims and never let something like that happen again . 
  also , `` vergangenheitsbew\u00e4ltigung '' has literally nothing to do with guilt !, 
  pretty cool , especially for a volunteer/lobby group that does n't have direct access to the means available to a state !, 
  we do n't just export to the third world though . 
  but yes , you are right . 
  of course a problem might be that should we stop subsidising our farmers they will in turn be completely outclassed by cheap third world imports . 
  or would you keep the tariffs on produce in place ? 
  i mean it seems like a great idea , but this website honestly does n't do a good job at conveying what they actually do and have achieved so far .
