  your main export partners are eu members . 
  spain will veto your accession to the eu . 
  how well will you do if you have to pay tariffs on everything you export and import ? 
  the netherlands has eu access and more than double your population and economy . 
  and in the end , who and what defines a nation ? 
  it is arbitrary . 
  right now catalonia certainly is a region of spain . 
  i also believe that national identity can exist within larger states . 
  i believe a great majority of scots think of themselves as a nation while a majority of scots also wish to remain in britain . 
  i certainly asked this myself . 
  thanks for taking the time to write this . 
  to me it seems that lots of this could be solved by granting catalonia the same rights the basques already have regarding taxation . 
  now that minister of education 's remark is indeed outrageous . 
  however as far as i know education in catalonia is a competence of the catalan government and catalan is being taught in every school there . 
   the judicializiation of politics , where they are and have prosecuted our politicians . 
  the president of our parliament was prosecuted for allowing a debate about the referendum . 
  our previous president of catalonia was prosecuted ( among other politicians ) for allowing a popular vote ( not a referendum ) in 2014 . 
  now our politicians are being prosecuted for buying ballot boxes . 
  yes , really . 
  now why would n't they ? 
  law has to be enforced and holding a referendum is illegal in spain , thus attempts at organising one ( even through a back door ) will obviously be prosecuted . 
   lastly , beacause we want to make a serious and modern country , we belive we will be more successful as an independent country well there is no reason to think that realistically . 
  your industry would lack easy access to the spanish and french export markets for example . 
  lastly , i do have to admit that i am not entirely sympathetic to nationalist movement that are mostly about trying to keep more of their money in their already wealthy regions . 
  some complaints may be valid to be sure but in the end - as i stated at the beginning of my post - devolving taxation to catalonia would do more than enough to address this . 
  what , exactly , is the reason some catalans so desperately seem to want to leave spain ? 
  from what i can tell the region is doing comparatively well , the language is in good shape and spain is a progressive , stable , peaceful democracy . 
  that is why i am specifically talking about an unilateral secession . 
  even if `` just '' for practical reasons , most people here would n't support such a measure . 
  personally i am of course quite vehemently opposed to scottish and catalan independence , be it via a legal referendum or not . 
  no , the other way out is working towards convincing the ruling party in madrid to hold a referendum . 
  as far as i know , there are national parties supporting such a stance . 
  or you just do n't , that is an option too . 
  unilateral catalan independence is a silly , silly idea that would only hurt the catalans themselves . 
  r/europe supports a unilateral declaration of scottish independence ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  a prime example of the world-famous subtle british sarcasm , everyone . 
   songs about how it 's all german land is glorifying that aggression and oppression . 
  lol that is not even what it is saying . 
  the stanza talks of memel , not the dnjepr . 
  the same people singing the song often had great sympathy with [ poles and poland ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/polenlieder ) . 
  not all , granted , but a lot . 
  poles were fighting together with germans during the liberal revolution in 1848 . 
  nations can exist outside of unified nation states you know . 
  that may be , but i am not talking about `` duits '' . 
   heck , germany did n't even exist back then . 
  of course it did . 
  maybe a weird thread to bring this up but i recently learned germany is home to the only [ lithuanian school ] ( http://gimnazija.de/ ) in western europe . 
   it simply means `` people '' in germanic . 
  in theory that is also where `` deutsch '' comes from but if you think it was understood like that at any point during the last 500 years you 'd be mistaken . 
  it was a very important city in the early middle ages ( during the frankish empire ) . 
   you certainly did start blaming higher ups a bit later but allied policy was crucial in you feeling collective guilt . 
  did it have some effect ? 
  probably . 
  have you put anything forward at all that would prove its `` crucial '' role or that collective guilt began to appear in 1945 already ? 
  no , you did not . 
   you did a complete `` turnaround '' certainly . 
  how was the polls about jews again ? 
  i ca n't even comprehend what you are trying to say here . 
  and then you cite an example of germans being forced to visit a concentration camp . 
  now i must really wonder whether you even read my comments as i explicitly referred to these measures myself , while still holding that these instances can not be construed as indicative of a widespread sentiment of personal responsibility at the time . 
   you wasted my time with this german . 
  i demand compensation . 
  there is a another german that defends the `` wehrmacht myth '' and he wants to waste my time too . 
  what is wrong with you germans ? 
  i see there is no actual interest to honestly debate here . 
  truth be told , when you revealed that you saw my attempt to explain what is most likely the truth ( that most germans did not feel guilty , at least at first ) as `` giving ourselves too much credit '' , you really disqualified yourself . 
  well i did n't say that . 
  but it is widely acknowledged by now that we only really began to deal with the holocaust as somehing `` we '' instead of `` they '' did a few decades later . 
  and second , i do n't know how to tell you but it would have been far better if germans had indeed done a complete turnaround in 1945 . 
  that would be something to take pride in . 
  saying that because we did n't i give us too much credit is utter madness . 
  i 'd love the opposite to be true . 
  and third , what exactly are you basing your statements on ? 
  just a few pictures and your interpretations thereof ? 
  exactly . 
  no they did n't . 
  denazification was a largely bureaucratic procedure to keep actual high-profile nazis out of the bureaucracy ; it did not even begin to cause a majority of ordinary germans to feel ashamed or guilty and it also was not necessarily intended to ( apart from the few forced visits of concentration camps for example ) . 
  no , many saw themselves as victims - of hitler , `` the nazis '' , the soviets etc and most simply wanted to forget and look to the future . 
  that many germans feel shame at ww2 atrocities or the holocaust today is the result of a process beginning in the 60s and 70s , when children began to critically look at their parent 's roles during the dictatorship etc. 
  again , this sentiment was in no way enforced by the allies , who , in the interest of pursuing the cold war , often even sided with the former wehrmacht elite that now occupied positions in government . 
  to be honest , i feel like calling our achievements in dealing with the crimes of the past a result of `` masterful '' manipulation tarnishes and slanders these collective achievements . 
   first of all germans feel ashamed because allies masterfully made them so . 
  do n't go around spouting stuff like that . 
  two wrongs do n't make one right . 
  i think it is much better . 
  though , to be fair , there is a saying that spiegel is the `` bild f\u00fcr abiturienten '' - the bild ( an infamous tabloid ) for people with abitur ( highest high-school diploma ) . 
  i do n't think that is true , though , as you can see by this cover , they do love to polarise sometimes . 
  does this only take into account eu subsidies ? 
  i do n't think so to be honest , so it is n't really relevant when discussing intra-eu relations . 
  and of course the statistics only take into account direct contributions to and withdrawals from the cap budget when determining net loss or gain . 
  however there , are as often happens , other factors not so easily measured at play , the tax money paid by farmers supported by cap for example . 
  i guess you 're reading spiegel online ? 
  they 're operating from a different desk than the print version does . 
  in my opinion there is a stark difference in quality , which is mostly related to the different way we consume news on the internet . 
  it is a great magazine . 
  but they still need to sell copies , so yes , the covers are sometimes on point and sometimes sub-par and do n't meet the high quality the articles offer . 
  two points : first , germany depends far less than france on agriculture . 
  and second : we are considerably more populous and yet get considerably less out of cap in absolute terms than france does . 
  yes , france is larger and has more land to cultivate .
