   germany always a successful nation that fought for its status replace `` always '' with `` since 1871 ''  and thats why they are still so mighty , despite the huge setbacks in early xx century . 
  we are relatively mighty because of our population , our stable political and legal system and a strong industry . 
   i am pretty sure that they are proud of their history . 
  especially not of the part before 1945 . 
  actually most people do n't really care . 
   well , i wo n't stand for this . 
  what are you going to do now , travel back in time and destroy the corsican constitution ? 
  when it comes to people despising their own history you chose germany of all countries as a counterexample ? 
  so why is sorbian shown while the map completely excludes alsatian , the german speakers in silesia and occitan ? 
  it is possible . 
  le pens party and team are notoriously understaffed and lacking in budget . 
  for example they had to leave their large , prestigious office in paris to rent a few small rooms elsewhere . 
   debt has been postponed and its interest rate lowered that amounts to considerable reduction in debt if you consider inflation . 
   anyway , it 's weird that this is still ongoing considering that swiss banks will share information about germans clients with the german government now anyway , so you ca n't really evade taxes anymore and hence there is no point in stealing the data . 
  this would not apply to data from before this happened though . 
  i do not blame our officials , they made a very considerable sum of money by buying these cds . 
  the time will come when we , the germans , will rule over our galaxy unopposed !, 
  you do n't have to respond to sweeping generalisations by generalising even more . 
  hey , you guys exist after all !, 
  this has to be the first time i 've seen a belorussian flair here . 
  exactly . 
  i think austrians are a bit touchy on this subject because of suspicions that a german bringing it up would want to repeat the anschluss of 1938 for example , questioning their independence . 
  though that is not at all what i am arguing for . 
  i do however think it is a bit sad that we ( many germans are guilty of it as well ) make such efforts to deny our closeness . 
  growing together is better than drifting apart - which of course also applies to our relations with other european states . 
  what is more similar ? 
  just think of our dual education with apprenticeships and vocational schools for example . 
  or our legal systems . 
  our approaches to welfare . 
  the common market for cultural products such as literature and cinema . 
  also got ta love how austrians are in some ways still stuck in the mindset of the 19th century - stereotyping of germans as `` prussians '' and a blatant refusal to acknowledge that regional differences in germany exist , apart from bavaria at most . 
  for example i 'd like to know who came up with the idea that rhinelanders are dry , stingy , humourless and harsh ( literally the opposite is true , but hey , every german is a piefke , right ? ) . 
  and the reason why many austrians `` feel at home '' in czechia , slovenia and hungary is more down to the fact that they ruled them for centuries - just consider e.g. 
  the brutal recatholisation of bohemia . 
  so , which ones for example ? 
  so on which experiences are you basing that on ? 
  the genetics argument is so shitty though , sorry . 
  i do n't understand why you bring it up . 
   i think it 's bullshit to define modern nations on who lived on their territory thousands of years ago . 
  sure . 
   so if anything germany should be part of austria . 
  that 's something we can discuss . 
  yes , with the resulting country being called germany . 
  i do n't have a problem with vienna as the capital . 
  and i did n't know austrians were so obsessed with genetics . 
  do n't you know most of europe has completely mixed backgrounds ? 
  statements like `` germany was mostly germanic '' just reek of ignorance . 
  now germans and austrians are not a bit more similar than germans and french ? 
  it does n't matter for a dictatorship . 
  but a country that does not even respect its own laws will naturally not fulfill the criteria for joining . 
  so if we 're talking eu accesion , it does actually matter . 
  you really think that is an acceptable argument ? 
  the problem for me is less the death penalty and more the extrajudicial nature of it . 
  he should have been brought before a tribunal like thosr in nuremberg , been given a fair trial to then probably be executed . 
  in other words , those parts of her program you like are to be taken 100 % seriously , the other parts are to be understood as metaphors . 
  do n't hold it in , let it all out man . 
  but the industry was transfered east shortly after the war broke out and it had been developing at fast pace even before . 
  in the summer of 1941 20.000 soviet tanks were just at the western border - the wehrmacht had scrambled together about 3.500 . 
  beginning this war was absolute madness . 
  yes , low german is its own language , but it is really , really , really close to high german . 
  closer than dutch . 
  about 400 years before , yes . 
  i 'm just a bit annoyed when i see people write `` oh my god they almost took moscow ! 11 ! '', 
  or variations thereof , as if that would have changed anything . 
  there is no magical surrender button that 'd make russia/the soviets surrender if an enemy reaches moscow . 
  had germany taken it , the advance would simply have been halted a bit farther east . 
  do people even know how large russia is ? 
  now i want to know more . 
  true , i was thinking about altbaiern . 
  ca n't tell if serious or not . 
   like i said came so close to moscow . 
  what does that matter ? 
  the treaty forbid austria to join germany and forced it to remove the `` german '' - part from its name . 
  freiburg , konstanz , offenburg and areas in switzerland and alsace . 
  as opposed to bavaria , some areas in baden were actually part of austria for a long time . 
  frankfurt as a compromise . 
   i can assure you that pretty much every italian has a relative or knows someone who died opposing the regime or in a concentration camp . 
  if it is irrelevant that some of your ancestors committed crimes against humanity and were on the fascist side , then this should be irrelevant as well . 
  apparently not . 
  if it is true - who could blame them ? 
  resistance against the allied invasion was pointless . 
  and who would like to die for mussolini ? 
  jesus christ , these comments are as unnecessary as those they 're mocking . 
  patriotism is linked to the individual and basically means having a positive stance to a community of individuals . 
  nationalism implies collectivism and drowns the individual . 
   kitsch ( / \u02c8k\u026at\u0283 / ; loanword from german , also called cheesiness and tackiness ) is art , objects , or design considered to be in poor taste because of excessive garishness or sentimentality , but sometimes appreciated in an ironic or knowing way . 
  yeah , poland really needs to be on a european map . 
   think about what sentiments get a war started/going . 
  many or most wars in history have began because of greed , envy and lust for power . 
  in recent history that might have changed , though these other factors still contribute . 
  but that is besides the point . 
  to me patriotism is an almost exclusively positive force that is not about disliking or hating others at all . 
  what you mean rather is nationalism , i think . 
  assume responsibility as a country . 
  and that is absolutely fair and reasonable . 
  it is a meme of sorts that we germans are deeply ashamed of the nazi crimes on a personal basis . 
  but that is absolutely not true . 
  the federal republic of germany , however is legally and factually the successor to the german empire , the weimar republic , and the third reich , and most german people at the time were involved in nazi crimes , albeit to different extent . 
  that carries with it certain responsibilities for the people and country as a whole . 
  one of the worst periods in this continents history .
