  this definition is so arbitrary it hurts . 
  what , europe is solely defined by enlightenment philosophy ? 
  this also means that europe ca n't have existed in the 15th century for example , locke and co. have n't lived yet after all . 
  not to mention that russia has of course subscribed to `` european '' ( what you actually mean is `` western '' ) values at times - peter the great , the liberal revolutionaries in 1905 and also 1917 . 
  i do n't believe europe is just a club for countries whose citizens have at some point contributed to western philosophy . 
  by that standard , countries like bulgaria , romania , the baltic states or ukraine are not european as well . 
  it is also a bit arrogant when french , germans or english declare their western traditions `` european '' . 
  gives a new meaning to [ aeiou ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/a.e.i.o.u . 
  every definition of europe includes the historical centre of russia , where even today most russians live . 
  russians took part in many of the developments and events characteristic for europe and interacted with the rest of the continent time and time again . 
  the fact that they colonised siberia at some point does not remove them from europe . 
  russia is n't part of europe ? 
  what ? 
  even if we accept that , it is still of extreme importance for europe . 
  are we ? 
  seems to me a society consisting of 50 % communists and 50 % fascists would be the epitome of civilization then . 
  no seriously , do n't counter those few feminists calling for actual discrimination of men with renewed discrimination against women . 
  or we just treat each other as equals . 
  both government and parliament can propose a law and yes , most laws are indeed proposed by government . 
  but while usually the majority of mdbs are loyal to their party , they are not required to give assent to government propositions at all . 
  in colloquial use you do n't have to be that specific , sure . 
  right , but its not the same . 
  separation of powers and all . 
  you are forgetting that these people are mostly still in europe and have not been deported . 
  go to germany or stay in turkey - ` i know what i 'd choose . 
  not the german government , only parliament can . 
  but yes , the process is slow and i 'd guess that german politicians would like to keep holding rallies outdoors too . 
  it is perfectly in line with other `` ask a. . . '' subs though . 
  r/askeurope is well and alive already , many questions are asked and answered daily . 
  it is better to not just dump everything even just tangentially related to europe in this sub . 
  questions also get more exposure on r/askeurope since most probably would n't leave the / new queue here while there they stay on the frontpage for one or two days . 
  of course it allows it . 
  the discrimination has to be justified though , however serving in the german army is a very good justification . 
  just off the top of my head , ensuring an effective command structure and a close connection to the country they are representing would both be valid arguments . 
  and if service would be a way to german citizenship , the members would have to learn german anyway . 
  but that is happening already all over the eu . 
  the jobs they are leaving for are just not in foreign armies . 
  if they do n't yet speak german , require them to learn it . 
  france is doing the same with french of course . 
  if someone ever actually proves the regiment is put in harms way disproportionally then it would obviously have to stop . 
  its not a reason to abandon the project altogether though . 
  because it is clearly a political statement not based on facts . 
  it would be good if poles and germans could both accept that ** we do n't know ** what he thought himself to be or if it was even important to him . 
   as you said nationality was n't really relevant then . 
  you had your feudal leader and you did n't cared about anything more . 
  so why do poles seem intent on claiming him as theirs and theirs only , even issuing official statements and renaming airports ? 
  german government does n't need to do that . 
   he also was an administrator of prussian-polish [ * ] defence of frombork and olsztyn against raiding teutonic order in 1520-1521 . 
  why is that relevant ? 
  that is no argument at all . 
  `` he prepared defences of ermland '' - wars back then occurred just as often between german states , german and scottish mercenaries fought in other countries troops etc. 
  he defended the region because it was his job ; and his home , not because out of nationalistic reasons . 
  and you yourself said xvith century poland was no nation state at the time , so living in it did not make you a pole just like living in the german empire did not automatically make poles german . 
  since we do n't know what he personally considered himself as , we ca n't say for sure whether he was either . 
  if you acted negligently , the sentence would be up to 5 years in prison in germany . 
  because we have enslaved the rest of the ~ ~ fourth reich ~ ~ eu and suck the life out of it . 
  blindfolding with the intent to kill someone is obviously a case of manslaughter/murder . 
  however , consider a case of someone on vacation in his mountain cabin . 
  he wakes up and begins his daily shooting exercise and to make it harder , he blindfolds himself . 
  unfortunately he misses his target and kills a wanderer a few km farther away . 
  in that case he 'd probably lack intent and would n't be found guilty of manslaughter . 
  nah , i think i see where you 're getting at . 
  its just that even if what i did technically qualifies for murder because of i.e. 
  gemeingef\u00e4hrliches mittel , i 'd still need to have acted with intent otherwise i can not be convicted of murder or manslaughter . 
  but if intent is lacking , that would not be relevant , right ? 
  excuse me , what do you mean ? 
  if you did n't know there were people around you and one could n't have expected you to know - no , you would not have committed murder in that case . 
  too severe in my opinion . 
  life-long imprisonment ? 
  that is the hardest punishment you can receive in germany . 
  i think 10 years would have been more than enough for this ; and it would have still been much , much harder than previous rulings . 
   what if a pharmacist waters down prescriptions to turn higher profit ? 
  they certainly know someone might die , could they argue `` no i thought i knew better than the physicians '' ? 
  well , if they knew someone might die , then no , they could n't . 
   what if i load a revolver with a round , turn the drum like russian roulette , point it at someone and pull the trigger ? 
  could i argue `` no , 5/6 is pretty high chance , i did n't think it would actually go off '' ? 
  absolutely no , you could not . 
  if someone were that convinced a gun could n't go off , then one would have to doubt their sanity and therefore would n't be able to punish anyways . 
  what , do n't you just feel the tension rise when manke and jon schnee battle it out near the schwarze festung ? 
  fair enough , but the blond hair colour is a very obvious uniting feature of many pretty successful right-wing populists right now . 
  and its especially laughable when you know how wilders looked a couple of years ago . 
  what you inherit are * legal * rights and obligations - the right to own something , to earn interest , the obligation to repay debt . 
  you can not inherit something as intangible , ill-defined and arbitrary as moral obligations . 
  the very idea of enforcing that is ludicrous . 
   on the far left talking about how the settlements in the west bank is colonialism . 
  on the far right as well actually - its an excuse to be antisemitic for them . 
  europeans , even here on r/europe certainly do n't want to be like the us and copy its current geopolitical position . 
  anyways , even if we would want that to happen , as of now europe has not federalised which means that , no , we actually do n't have to compare ourselves with the us in this regard . 
  you ca n't be so sure you 'll get your money back when lending to grece though . 
  so other countries ' tax money is welcome but god beware they want to make sure it is n't wasted ? 
  the very idea of comparing eu and us here is flawed . 
  i do n't know why everyone suddenly does it . 
  a shame one of our most important partners and allies does not manage to orchestrate a coherent foreign policy at the moment . 
  most of the time its not the same people . 
  first , germany is not the only country profiting from the eu . 
  second , britain will not create anything knew , it will look out for itself only . 
  third , corruption is a problem everywhere , especially in southern and eastern europe , but in your world its all the eu 's fault . 
  where there is lots of money , there will be people trying to be corrupt . 
  i wonder more about why you think this does n't apply to hungary 's government . 
  what fresh , honest , new project will britain start ?
