  it is dishonest because it implies germany is actively dictating ecb politics instead of passively profiting from it ( right now , by the way - the exchange rates have fluctuated quite a bit throughout the euro 's history and it was n't down to german involvement ) . 
  in fact , the ecb is heavily criticised in germany . 
  call it european legion then . 
  no , now it ends . 
  well , i agree that things are n't black and white . 
  i am just tired of seeing lame references to ww2 to excuse the underperformance of the greek state by now . 
  it is as idiotic as still blaming france for senegal not being a first world country . 
  where are you getting at ? 
  1 ) the marshall plan was not at all the main cause for german growth post-war . 
  and 2 ) , greece got help from the marshall plan and now debt relief as well so do n't throw stones in a glass house . 
  giving each child a part of the inheritance . 
  not a bad idea in itself , the problem is that the inheritance consists of gigantic amounts of land and people . 
  oh , we know . 
  what is - or has been - can never define what ought to be . 
  so i think i can call it evil . 
  i can assure you that murder , invasion and oppression were not seen as good or just even back then . 
  we can tell because the romans themselves felt the need to legitimise their conquests philosophically . 
  a shark is not evil because he ca n't think or know morality ... the romans could . 
  i loved those the most but felt a bit sad as well since the one with the goths ( germans ) really lacked any kind of positive depiction of us . 
  the brits got a pretty likable character representing them at least . 
  approves . 
   no papers ? 
  turn around and go . 
  ... nice soundbite , still does n't solve the issue of people overstaying their visas , migrants entering the eu via the mediterranean etc. 
  because they are in the eu already . 
  it is not about how it should be but about how it is . 
  and again , no country would accept eu forces sending thousands of undocumented people to its territory . 
  brexit was fueled by anti-eastern european sentiment though , hard to deny that . 
   immigrants that come here because there 's war in their country i can totally get behind , but immigrants that just come for free money and housing and do n't give a shit about how to finance everything are what disgust me . 
  those people should get kicked out of the country and let them figure out on their own how they can go back to where they came from . 
  so you want to deport them but not to their home . 
  is it news for you if i tell you that no country would suffer illegal migrants being `` dumped '' on its land in masses ? 
  what is hilarious there ? 
  70 years ago we 'd have been happy to be seen like that . 
  true , but irrelevant . 
  the invasion of crimea was a blatant violation of ukraine 's territorial integrity and international law . 
  the unification of germany was not . 
  it is actually that easy . 
  it is very simple . 
  allowing the germans to unite was the right thing to do . 
  invading ukraine was not . 
  noone denies russian de facto control . 
  but stopping to `` pretend '' otherwise is simply making gifts to putin without any benefit for europe or the us . 
  yes , that is a model i prefer as well . 
  but i ca n't subscribe to all sites i like to read so i at least make sure my ad blocker is deactivated on them . 
  as a media outlet , you have to pay for wages , server time and rent . 
  that means you need a source of income ; otherwise at first the quality of your journalism will go down for lack of resources and soon after you will be unable to continue . 
  since people are usually not willing anymore to pay for journalism and expect it for free on the internet , today 's journalism needs to make money through ads . 
  i mean , sure , leave on your ad blocker if you really ca n't be bothered , but do n't pretend the outlet 's legitimate interest in a sustainable source of income is `` full greed '' or sign of `` clearly caring more about money '' . 
  which other profession has to justify its interest in making a living for god 's sake ? 
   not really . 
  compulsory schooling , the necessary tool to this , was established in france in 1881 . 
  this lecture was given in 1882 , so the massive shift of the french to french speakers had yet to come parisian french already was the language of higher education , art , politics , the military though . 
   on the other hand , alsace and germany were not politically attuned , and conquest plus a common language could not create that nation . 
  not immediately , no . 
  but it took two or three centuries in france as well . 
  why are you quoting treitschke ? 
  i thought my previous support for a solution that would make the will of the alsatians the determining factor showed that i am in no way a supporter of such ideas . 
  `` and then i 'll complain about how shitty journalism has become ! '', 
  ernest renan ? 
  i like how he put the integrating power of the state in words ( un plebiscite de tous les jours ) and i know he is very popular in france . 
  but i would accuse him of forgoing and marginalising the importance of language and culture . 
  he was able to do that because france already had centrally imposed the language and culture of paris , a fact which he conveniently downplays . 
   in fact ... that ' a key difference between german nationalism and french nationalism in the 19th century . 
  france , indeed , propagated french yes , so why is it a key difference ? 
  the idea behind teaching standard german in germany was - now that the nation was united geographically - to unite the nation politicallly . 
  just like in france after the french revolution . 
  i do n't think our actual views are too differenr though ( ? ) . 
  to settle the alsatian question we should have organised a plebiscite in 1871 , one that might have very well gone in france 's favor , even if at the time the vote would n't have been between `` french '' and `` german '' but between republic and democracy . 
  but as we proved there , and france proved in 1918 , a victorious power is unwilling to potentially reduce the extent of its victory . 
   preferably one that does n't involve forcibly annexing anyone so exactly what france did with alsace under louis xiv and his `` reunion '' policy ? 
  personally , i think the alsatians should have been able to choose the country they wanted to be part in . 
  this choice was never given to them . 
  not from germany , not from france . 
  i also think that the country they are part of should respect the regions own traditions and culture ( especially in regards to language ) . 
  again , neither germany nor france did this during the last two centuries . 
  and please do n't pretend the french definition of nation does not involve language . 
  there are few nations on this planet that define themselves more through their language and take greater pride in it than france . 
   what you need to get rid of is this idea that alsace is or was german , merely because of a common language . 
  there is much more to building a nation than a common language and similar-looking treats . 
  what you need to get rid of is the idea that every nation on earth has to be like france or england - politically unified from very early on . 
  this concept does not work with nations that did not have their own state or were very decentralised , like germany . 
  or italy . 
  romania . 
  true . 
  it is everywhere , but you can just skim if you do n't feel like reading all of it . 
  it matters because pointing to obscure 10th century slavic origins clouds the fact that the expulsions of an almost completely german population in 1945 were a huge injustice . 
  i mean , it is just served with bacon instead of snails but seems pretty similar otherwise . 
   the hre was not germany , unless you intend to claim that half of france , italy , and a lot of other places are also german . 
  half of france ( burgundy etc. ), 
  was not , alsace and eastern lorraine , however definitely were part of germany . 
  stra\u00dfburg was among the largest german towns and universities for centuries , even after the french annexation . 
  alsace shared all the characteristics of german states during the holy roman empire , it took part in the german protestant reformation and during the middle ages it produced one of the most famous middle high german poets ( gottfried von stra\u00dfburg ) . 
  it was also a centre of german humanism . 
  i mean , there was literally nothing french about it at the time . 
  so was berlin ; and london was founded by the romans . 
  if you manage to get over the lengthy stuff , it is basically what we 'd call a superhero story today . 
  i remember being conflicted whether to root for achilleus or hector and i was sad at ( spoilers ! ), 
  both their deaths . 
  it is obvious that it was created with the intent to paint as much of the map as possible .
