  ca n't do that on a ship that is sinking . 
  so you 'd have to take them there yourself . 
  meaning you need agreements with the countries whose waters you are otherwise violating . 
  meaning you need to give them something in return because algeria or tunisia do n't want poor migrants and refugees either . 
   the smugglers are well informed the migrants are n't . 
  which is what he is talking about . 
  and even if they were , europe would still be a ridiculously attractive location for them . 
  [ assimilate or be destroyed ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q1emk4h.jpg ) . 
  you should rename it to r\u00e4val as a compromise . 
  the more umlauts on european maps , the better . 
  is there any special meaning to that ? 
  spain is rightful german territory ever since the visigoth invasion though . 
  so really those bloody spanish need to leave our country . 
  like everyone in the comments is commenting about the title though . 
  you could have said `` united states '' and have been half right , but `` government '' ? 
  germans adored obama throughout his two terms . 
   language ... unsure . 
  either german or french . 
  the name does n't give any clue ? 
  we shared intel on is , not on areas you 'd like to bomb yourself . 
  clearly a testament to your lack of education . 
  is he more popular than i am though ? 
  well , you clearly put some effort into this and your post is quite informative . 
  but in the end it just seems that you apparently had a very wrong view of what the eu is or does . 
  we are different countries and largely want to remain so . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to learn the local language even though that clearly is a requirement then i ca n't understand why you are surprised at not getting said job . 
  no matter your skills , you need to understand and accept that the vision most europeans have of their country 's future mostly is not one where their native language is getting replaced by english in everyday life . 
  the ekd ( evangelical church of germany ) is a federation of many different protestant churches and they are by no means all lutheran . 
  the catholic church is of course fairly monolithic , yes . 
  though american-style evangelical churches have gained ground these last decades . 
  from merriam webster :  fundamentalism : a movement or attitude stressing strict and literal adherence to a set of basic principles that is exactly what the reformers and protestants were going on about . 
  back to what the bible says and only to what the bible says . 
  no more worldly meddling or wealth for the church . 
  no pope claiming to be above the written word of god . 
  until not too long ago ( in some ways it still is the case today ) protestants were far more conservative , traditional , strict and pious than the more worldly catholics . 
  there are lutheran , reformed , old-confessional and united ones in addition to baptists , evangelicals and the catholic church of course . 
  we do n't ... 
  so it is exactly what he said . 
  protestants wanted to go `` back to the roots '' , to the bible and its fundamental tenets themselves and leave the worldly baggage of the catholic church behind . 
  21 upvotes for a comment directly calling for penalisation of thoughts . 
  impressive . 
  that is some good advice , probably needed too . 
  and presented in a humorous fashion . 
  i like the cmrs . 
  it should . 
  lacking credibility could mean other nations will even refuse to negotiate or cooperate completely or in certain areas . 
  the us is strong , but not so strong that it does n't vitally depend on other countries . 
  pretty . 
  that would be a blatant violation of the treaty though . 
  and while no one could stop the us from doing so , you can be sure that other nations will then be aware that the word of the us is n't worth anything ; and they 'll keep that in mind for future negotiations . 
  obama could n't have done anything to prevent this . 
  it is entirely within an elected leaders prerogative to not enforce / leave an international agreement . 
  the eu is a supranational institution with its own legislative and even executive capabilities but when an eu state simply does not enforce something even the eu 's abilities to enforce its laws and rules are practically nonexistent . 
  no problem , 
  he is facing one ? 
  via google translate all i managed to gather was that the interviewed professor said he would be convicted * if * he 'd face one . 
   this `` rule of law '' is just as broad and vague like `` hate speech '' law . 
  it applies where you want it to and does n't where you do n't . 
  well . 
  you might think that . 
  that is actually the most important reason why the legal profession exists - defining , interpreting and applying such general terms . 
  and legal scholars generally have a pretty good grip on that . 
   also it might be shocking for some people , but just because not their favourite parties have won , nobody violated any `` rule if law '' . 
  i 'm more thinking of the actions or omissions of polish president duda for example . 
   but their economy will be affected by it , not germanys . 
  it is n't like germany does n't receive any cohesion funds . 
  so for those regions that do such a move by the eu would indeed hurt . 
  and in the end , what you 're saying is basically that germany is not as dependent on eu funds . 
  that is true . 
  but the punishment ( funds are cut ) is the same . 
  the effects would be different , granted . 
  the eu would not be targeting any economy specifically . 
  it is n't the eu 's fault that most flawed democracies in europe are in eastern and central europe . 
  just do n't violate rule of law lol . 
  60.000 sorbs in eastern germany are marked , about 100.000 german speakers in upper silesia are not . 
  seems weird . 
   you do n't do as we please * you do n't adhere to the rules and values you agreed to upon joining, 
  well , sucks for those poles and hungarians that care about rule of law i guess . 
  nice , but juxtaposing may 's brexit statements with corbyn is a tad dishonest . 
  he is pro-brexit as well . 
  actually he probably was more consistently a proponent of leaving the eu during his career . 
  ... by american journalists ? 
  true , but i believe the major points of contention will be fields where both britain and its future partners will have a vested interest in and it is not certain if britain can maintain a strong position during the negotiations . 
  there also is the problem what the people working in areas with `` little native competition '' think of such an approach . 
   we will be able to offer concessions on industries we do n't have not really a concession then , though . 
  problem is that quite often `` real refugees '' are also `` illegal migrants '' . 
  in swiss basements , you mean . 
  generosity does not rule out narcissism though  i also do n't think narcissism is always bad . 
  nearly everyone in a position of power is a bit of a narcissist somewhere . 
  otherwise they would n't be there . 
  just pretend you can speak alsatian , then you can say it more or less how it is written . 
  and the vineyards i guess ? 
  right , petropavlovsk-kamchatskly is a world city ? 
  i think azbuka is the [ cyrillic script ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyrillic_script ) ? 
  thanks for the advice , it is really appreciated . 
  i 'd probably chose slovak over czech now , thinking about it . 
  though i would like to actually be able to write in the language i 'm learning . 
   still do n't know about russian , learning a new alphabet is daunting but it is n't that different from latin compared to the chinese or arabic ones for example ... 
  it was n't though . 
  at least not all of it .
