  what this all means , is , i guess , that as a civilisation , we need to do our best to stop the cycle of ` natural ' injustice we 're born in . 
  and a good start may be to not be a hypocrite over injustice committed by one 's own people & accept that recognizing only parts of it because right now it feels convenient is very much hypocritical, 
  no need to explain it to me , as i 've written above , i know the differences . 
  but making a perfectly peaceful muslim family in sevilla responsible for what their ancestors did centuries ago simply can not be justified . 
  no way . 
  you might as well prohibit the use of romance languages cause , hey , what were the romans if not invaders and conquerors ? 
  as i said , i understand their rationale for prefering jews to return but they should not call it ` undoing a historic injustice ' . 
  if * spain * wanted that , they really need to do a bit more than this . 
  basically the list consists of 1 ) capitals or huge , well known cities 2 ) cliched tourist destinations and then there 's d\u00fcsseldorf , for some reason . 
  there are n't even descriptions given and eastern europe is n't represented at all . 
  while i like this in a way , what about all the andalusian muslims who were expelled and persecuted together with the jews ? 
  why deny one group what you give another ? 
  ( obviously we know why . 
  but then they should n't pretend this is actually about undoing historic injustice or be prepared to be called hypocrites ) edit : to those getting butthurt over this : i do n't support handing out similar rights to mudejar descendants . 
  i 'm just pointing out that this is a hypocritical policy . 
   berlin  lesser known places, 
   only getting 4 % i was n't clear enough there . 
  i meant that problems exist but i 'd never say inefficiency or carelessness is standard . 
  i for once heard about abuse of eu funds by farmers in macedon ( the greek region ) . 
  i 'm sure there are other cases as i 'm sure in many cases the proceedings are perfectly legit . 
   what do you mean by cheating ? 
  mp 's showing up for work only to get their bonuses & then leaving . 
  maybe a minor point , but one we could prevent so easily . 
  now i realise i sound like a eu hater . 
  i 'm really not , i have high hopes for europe 's ability to overcome these problems and create a system that works even better than it already does so we can tackle future challenges as a europe truly united . 
  eu has less responsibilities , though . 
  i 'm more talking about dumping money into structural funds without questioning , overpaid bureaucrats and cheating mp 's or having two institutions representing the member states . 
  waste of money , inefficient mechanisms , supporting the giant mess that is ttip , being not adequately legitimised etc. . . 
  contrary to the left/right demagogues , however , i understand that a lot of these problems stem from the fact that the eu was not founded as a superstate but as a loose series of treaties outlining intergovernmental cooperation in fields such as agriculture ( then intended to secure food supply in post-war europe - agricultural subsidies still make up a huge part of eu expenditure ) . 
  the eu 's duties have expanded ever since and the framework now in place has become inadequate . 
  this leads to problems with inefficient policies lack of accountability and therefore general resentment . 
  to change that we need massive changes in the way the eu works and there have been lots of good ideas for that . 
  once the eu is able to work as an efficient state , i have no problems with giving them the appropiate powers . 
  more so , since the eu offers us a chance ` to do it right ' and not repeat the mistakes of our past . 
  in simple terms : as it is , the eu is not nearly as shitty as ` sceptics ' say , and a lot less shitty than a lot of national governments . 
  yet it still is shitty . 
  so would i give more powers to the eu as it is ? 
  do i wholeheartedly support making it more accountable and democratic ? 
  yes . 
  would i give more powers to such a union ? 
  wait , the author bases his argument on an osce report * quoting * a statement from the ukrainian military ? 
  if the report just quotes it , the osce does not share that analysis and we 're left with an unproven assertion from a biased side . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all against russia 's action in ukraine/it 's warmongering behaviour at home , but i prefer to make that decision based on truth and not on shit like this . 
  this is bad journalism at best and manipulation at worst . 
  hopefully it wo n't come to that . 
  thinking about it , maybe it should be possible to strip politicians of their immunity via referendum , provided there is a certain turnout . 
  what does he hope for ? 
  at least once his term ends , he 'll have to face the investigation . 
  and till then he 'll be a zombie , isolated and without any credibility remaining . 
  if you do n't know ` where the hell the world is going ' because a few germans view romanians negatively , then i do n't know what you 're doing on r/europe or anywhere people discuss real world problems . 
  i have no idea why because of a few history lessons every german should be in every way imaginable a perfect human being . 
  if it were that easy there would n't be any problems left on this globe . 
  oh come on , do n't pretend fearing for your jobs is a sentiment unknown to other nations . 
  also could you please stop using ` you ' because i reported on what a minority here thinks , not on what i think nor what all of ' * you * ' germans think . 
  sorry , i mixed up membership in schengen with the eu 's freedom of movement clause . 
  my bad . 
  yet both countries are bound to join schengen , with only a few countries - like germany - trying to delay it . 
  they 're still very new to the eu , even if croatia may be the newest . 
  the most recent additions to schengen area and both are relatively poor countries , so there are fears cheap workers will swamp the labour market . 
  people also fear an increase in crime . 
  you 're right , i was thinking of hate that erupted relatively recently - most turks came here decades ago . 
  and i think in public discourse the ` job-stealing foreigner ' is very much associated with romanians/bulgarians and now maybe refugees . 
  well i never said greeks hate germans , as the title suggests , this thread is about hate towards any nationality in * your * country . 
  i 'd never claim to know what greeks think . 
  still the * most * hate , if you had to select a particular nationality , would be turks , macedonians and , thanks to the crisis , germans , right ? 
  saying this does not imply the majority population in any country is full of hate . 
  neither in greece , nor in germany, 
  not saying i know too much about norwegian domestic politics , but we got to start somewhere if we 're serious about fighting climate change . 
  i also read people now campaign to get the harvard investment fund to do the same , apparently this approach is becoming more popular right now . 
  did n't know about that , thanks . 
  have they all moved to israel or are they still there ? 
  hard to say , really . 
  personally , i do n't think anything like that could happen . 
  but then again i live in a large city , do n't know what people think elsewhere . 
  german 's views of brits are quite funny and complex , actually i 'm half german/half british myself and to sum it up , for a lot of their history germans had a huge inferiority complex , being the nation that united so late in comparison to france etc. 
  basically we frantically tried to impress the brits in terms of naval power and industry and could n't understand why they sided with france & did n't support germany in ww1 . 
  britain was seen as germany 's ` natural ally ' and in return we got benign neglect at best and machine gun fire at worst . 
  i 'm saying that because these are , in my opinion the defining factors in germans attitude towards britain : secret admiration for it 's immense power , for london that dwarfs berlin in conparison , for what people her think is the british ` way of life ' ( the term ` gentleman ' is used very often here ) and , on the other hand , anger at british ` arrogance ' , ` hypocrisy ' and ` decadence ' . 
  i 'd say this still defines us today , a german hears english music , will say he likes what he thinks is british humour ( mr. bean ) but will also call the british hypocritical and arrogant for not joining the euro/not supporting equal distribution of migrants/being more oriented towards the us . 
  to deal with his frustration , he makes jokes about the brit 's inability to sunbath without looking like boiled herrings , calling them and the us ` warmongers ' , giving himself a pat on the back for not joining the iraq war or for not depending on the whims of the city of london for his nation 's economic policy . 
  those are the weirdos . 
  most people will be very open to any anglo . 
  as for the us , older people still see them quite positively due to the cold war . 
  among younger / miiddle-aged people it has become cool to be ` anti-imperialist ' and ` anti-capitalist ' . 
  these people call everyone they dislike neo-liberal or accuse them of being ` us-puppets . 
  funny about them is : these people can be putin lovers , ` progressives ' ( modern left ) ( most are ) and neo-nazis . 
  all of them like conspiracy theories and the idea of knowing more than the ` average ' , ` indoctrinated ' person . 
  as i said before people with those views are a minority though . 
  do n't think you 'd be assaulted for speaking english or something like that . 
  good to hear . 
  really ? 
  i do n't know that much about it , but is n't there a lot of tension between the russian majority and estonians ? 
  i think for most people here our shared history in the ww 's is a reason to not remember each other too well . 
  you mean german news outlets such as the often cited bild spreading hate or , to put it mildly , reporting not entirely objectively ? 
  i know that happens a lot . 
  but bild is looked down upon by anyone with half a brain which is why i 'm interested whether such fraudulent articles are published in greece as often & in which outlets . 
  there is very little hate towards any nationality here , but if i had to name one , it 'd be the greeks , owing to the crisis . 
  but it might very well be romanians/bulgarians too ( i know they are separate nationalities , but in public discourse here , the terms are used almost interchangeably ) . 
  though if ` refugee from the middle east or africa ' were a nationality , it may very well be the most hated one . 
  can someone explain to me how popular * keeptalkinggreece * is ?
