  how much power france had in the eu back then or how much it has now is unrelated to be honest . 
  that is a very arrogant mindset to be honest . 
  france never equaled the eu or the various economic communities - the sooner you realise this , the better . 
  having the seat at stra\u00dfburg was definitely a gift to france . 
  why does that matter ? 
  yes , let 's go there . 
  i can only speak for me personally , but i am perfectly well aware that many or most american and british jews choosing german citizenship do it not because they are persecuted there or feel german , but because of the benefits of traveling the eu . 
  ** however ** , if you had suggested to an average emigrant in 1952 whether he wanted to return to his native country he 'd probably have gotten very angry , felt insulted and would never have considered returning - even for opportunistic reasons . 
  so in that sense this development is still something to be proud of . 
  evidently , more and more jews see germany as just another country . 
   i 'm so tired of this `` pay debts '' nonsence . 
  that is fine , but i did n't write anything like that . 
   they dont have a printing press , because of the euro completely irrelevant as the debt would be in euro anyway - greece printing drachmas would n't help them in this regard . 
   in order to do this it needs to grow economically , and the strangling done by europe killed all growth in greece no , irresponsible spending `` killed '' their growth , which became apparent when the global financial crisis hit . 
  greece and the ez both are best served by a sustainable growing greek economy . 
  and structural reforms are necessary if greece does n't want to end up in the same or even a worse spot during the next crisis . 
  the only king-level title separate from the title of emperor itself . 
  and friedrich i actually had to become king in prussia instead of brandenburg because it was n't part of the hre . 
  nah , the czechs did n't lose any significant eastern territories to the soviets as opposed to poland . 
  i would like to welcome them regardless of whether they bring big bucks or twenty doctorates in a stem field . 
  by the rest of the ez giving them even more money , of course !, 
  it does , since this parliamentary body is supposed to control the budget . 
  you are not speaking with a person honestly wondering about this . 
  i 'd be glad if at least those 12,5 % were actually applied to all companies . 
  there probably is as little idealism in this statement as he could realistically get away with - and time proved him right . 
   they are all i have left , even if i look fascist . 
  well i am sorry for your loss but honestly , they should n't be `` all you have left '' . 
  i also do n't see why you need to wear odinsknoten to remember dead relatives - i know i do n't . 
  but that is your decision obviously . 
  you can bet on the negotiation team being very well-prepared at this point . 
  they are not stupid , they know exactly what they want and what they will have to push for . 
   the whole military is under suspicion of being a nazi organization , no , it is n't . 
  however considering this stuff has been found at two barracks , it is prudent to assume it is present in others as well , therefore making inspections reasonable . 
   the way germany has been treating it 's troops is shameful . 
  trying to enforce the law and keeping nazis out of an army supposed to defend german democracy is not shameful . 
  the military smears itself by worshipping wehrmacht insignia . 
   if i have that wehrmacht helmet my great grandfather found ( us army medic ) shipped over , this is suspicious . 
  not what these soldiers did . 
   and i am as far from that as you can get ideologically i mean i am inclined to believe you , but if you wear odinsknoten you might not be `` as far from that as you can get '' . 
  apparently . 
  does n't mean you should though . 
  so why are you doing it everywhere in this thread ? 
  nazi ideology was n't rational or made sense . 
  as the war continued hitler was more than happy to form ukrainian units , make the japanese `` honorary arians '' etc. 
  collective punishment is wrong , no matter how and where it is applied . 
  it is fundamentally at odds with human dignity and the right of everyone to be judged with due process and only for those crimes he or she has to answer for * individually * . 
   if they contradict the constitution , they will/must be ignored . 
  this article just puts the constitutional court out of international affairs . 
  naturally , but in the end the constitutional court is the institution deciding if something is unconstitutional , especially in problematic and not clear-cut cases . 
  this is a very strong barrier indeed , if it is actively enforced it is actually much stronger than the position international law enjoys in germany . 
  it is a bit problematic though because an international treaty decided solely by the government should ideally not be above the constitution . 
  would you happen to know which article specifies this ? 
  and naturally erdogan might want to change the constitution . 
  it is difficult to say whether turkey would actually leave the council - that 'd be a very drastic measure . 
  i believe that if a referendum is held it is more likely that turkey will simply ignore the echr , which begs the question whether the council will then exclude turkey unilaterally . 
  you know , i was n't being 100 % serious . 
  originally the convention allowed lawful executions , but after the protocols 6 and 13 it now completely forbids the use of the death penalty . 
  and of course the echr is a council of europe document so turkey is bound by it . 
  the question is , as ever in international law , whether and how it is enforced . 
  where does your obsession with people putting on a show come from ? 
  plenty of our leaders are `` strong '' but do n't need to prat about in front of cameras and supporters . 
  results matter , not feelings . 
  at least that is how it should be . 
     reintroducing the death penalty does n't even require a referendum . 
  the ban is n't constitutional , it 'd just take a simple majority in parliament . 
  it would at the very least violate international law though . 
  and i do n't know whether turkish courts treat the european convention on human rights as directly applicable law . 
  it is a nod to the german government starting this trend . 
  no need to thank us , guys . 
  as a second language ? 
  yes . 
  actually few people know german is the most common native tongue in the eu . 
  it looks great , but i somehow believe the river smells awful . 
   whilst i agree that this is what 's happening , i do n't think it necessary . 
  in fact i think it 's destructive . 
  why yes it is . 
  that is part of reason why i did n't want you to leave . 
  but it is very hard to not think in such a way when you know politically and economically vital questions are currently being negotiated between the eu and britain . 
   this makes it sound like a cult ... . it turns people off . 
  it 's a weird feeling to read this sub as a remain voter and see how much abuse my country gets . 
  why is it a cult ? 
  do n't you want british negotiators to keep your country 's interests in mind ? 
  i have some very real fears as to how strong solidarity among the eu members will be these next two years - for example whether some countries will try to make separate agreements with britain , undermining the eu 's position . 
  that is why i hope the eu will stay tough and united . 
  but for me none of this translates into abuse . 
  i do n't want britain to suffer but i definitely put the eu 's interests before britain 's . 
  i do recognise that for some people on this sub this might be different , but i also believe that people like me are the majority . 
  sure . 
  i do feel that people here sometimes get carried away or even behave really spiteful . 
  but generally you do also find a lot of reasonable positions here . 
  and sometimes i do also think that a few brits are a bit too sensitive and quick to dismiss perfectly reasonable statements as bile or hate . 
  with my remark that the eu wants to preserve its interests i wanted to point to the fact that the situation more or less necessitates a siege mentality to some degree - on both sides . 
  i know i wanted britain to stay and to continue to be part of the european project but now that you made that decision i definitely hope the eu will be tough during the negotiations . 
   a different way to look at it is pure surprise at the amount of bile thrown our way over it . 
  if that 's `` the other side 's view '' then what does that say ? 
  it is nothing but the reality of the situation . 
  a reality that britain chose , i might add . 
  we have our interests to preserve after all . 
  how could i : - /, 
  that is besides the point since any prussian achievements were not made to further some supposed german `` status '' .
