  but i would n't rule it out . 
  a very important factor might be whether these next few generations take up the language as a symbol and tradition to take pride in . 
  and this heavily depends on the education system . 
  i 'm really just saying that it could happen . 
   registering gaelic is one thing , but actually then speaking it as a first language , wont happen imo . 
  you never know . 
  hebrew was almost a dead language a century ago . 
  the circumstances vary , yes - but i could see a more or less bilingual ireland developing . 
  was n't atat\u00fcrk from thessaloniki ? 
  that might 've been his reason . 
   the simple fact that those nutjobs are even allowed to stay in front of the bundestag [ mrw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zh0sxjh.png ), 
  for every american like him there probably are 10 + who do n't hold to his viewd but are not commenting , so i 'd say it is not worth it to get into an argument here . 
  this was not a question of morals , but whether he had broken the law by shooting down the plane and killing those people ( he undoubtedly broke it ) . 
  it would seem easier to just grant parliament the relevant right . 
  it is actually already able to call on the commission to propose legislation . 
  the commission is the executive . 
  why would you abolish it ? 
  would britain function without a government ? 
   a federal europe would be a disaster , everyone would end up hating each other and smaller countries would cease to exist entirely and their cultures wiped out . 
  europe will become less democratic and a bit boring . 
  you have n't even agreed on what `` federalisation '' should mean and now you 're talking about all sorts of horrible consequences . 
  it is a term some crazy reactionaries use . 
  and i 'm happy he just said eusa . 
  at least he did n't babble about `` jewsa '' . 
  `` super leftist pacifist germany '' is now a meme , that 's where all those comments come from . 
  is that a popular view ? 
  i thought we just let lenin 's train into russia and gave him some money . 
   when you live in russian internet , `` the west '' is always either black or write , absolute bad or absolute good . 
  which is why personal contact and dialogue is so important . 
  nothing can replace that . 
  well , i wo n't judge you for a legit opinion , but if you do n't want to , that 's fine . 
   i 'm starting to think this might be a good thing . 
  the last two years i 've spent avoiding the russian echo chamber in favor of its western counterpart have drastically changed my perception of the western world , and sadly not for the better . 
  would you mind telling us more about your perception ? 
  ah , i remember i painted it multiple times as a child without having ever seen it on anything but a picture in a book . 
  nothing failed . 
  a local assembly has held a non-binding vote which * might * make belgium vote against ceta , which will not even be important if the vote is decided by qualified majority . 
  as i said , nothing failed . 
  the fact that this agreement has been negotiated and is now put before the parliaments shows that the eu is very much capable of negotiating treaties . 
   you should n't want to get rich by art , supply and demand . 
  if some people are willing to pay that much , why should someone arbitrarily regulate it ? 
  the state can put strains on the free market ; but only with good reason , like in order to make clean water accessible for everyone . 
  but not every piece of art needs to be accessible for everyone . 
  if you are talking about eu nationals and they are welfare tourists , they do n't deserve benefits and should go home . 
  if you are talking about non-eu nationals and they are welfare tourists , they do n't deserve benefits and should go home . 
  if you are talking about genuine refugees , they deserve state support and are entitled to it according to our laws . 
  welfare tourists abusing refugee status exist , do n't deserve benefits at all and should go home . 
  so they are not `` untouchable '' ? 
  having to organise a fake wedding implies that the authorities could and would put an end to the practice . 
  and what a weak attempt to blame this on kohl and chirac . 
  it is not an image macro , not a meme , not a reaction gif and not similar to such submissions . 
  if you really can only see one , either of them are great . 
  i think more people go see munich because of the oktoberfest . 
  the territory around the central station is full of such people , unfortunately . 
  which means that residents might see less of them than tourists and commuters . 
  stirs up memories of the alhambra . 
  which german media do you consume on a regular basis ? 
   if you go full nazi as you should . 
  r/de has a variety of opinions in it and if you 're not completely retarded , people generally are fine with that . 
  well , what 's your problem ? 
  i see a lot of nuanced opinions here . 
  you can discuss , but do n't call out . 
  critizise , but do n't generalise . 
  i like how this thread has turned out to be some sort of group therapy for the sub . 
  it 's not like * stern * can put boots on the ground , but if you want to make politicians do something , you need to create pressure at home - which was my point . 
  of course i 'm not saying this project will change german public opinion enough . 
  i ca n't imagine how greeks and to a lesser extent portuguese and spanish must have felt a few years ago , seeing all that vitriol and hate , those sweeping generalisations and the appalling lack of empathy in so many threads on the financial crisis . 
  then , since about a year ago , the idea of the eu as the german-controlled fourth reich along with closet anti-german sentiment and plain old bigotry find their way into threads on the refugee crisis or even anything remotely related to germany . 
  and since brexit , the british have become targets . 
  this is just the internet , unfortunately . 
  on a sub with so many users , nuance often gets lost , especially in the political threads ( posts simply about a nice location or some quirky tradition are still great ) . 
  one simply has to grow thicker skin sometimes . 
  yes this probably is a pr stunt , but public awareness of the war in syria is very low by now . 
  and public awareness and investment is what makes politicians take action at some point . 
  hey , i hope you all have a wonderful time . 
  they are certainly some great cities . 
  but really , take warm clothes with you . 
  autumn in europe is beautiful and the air in many places is often wonderfully clean and fresh , but it does get colder . 
  and he spent it on the campaign group beleave , to sway young voters , apparently . 
  god how i hate the idea that brexit will make the uk part of a `` true global community '' . 
  as if it was n't obvious which side the nationalist bigots preferred . 
  what factored into your decision as to your destinations ? 
  keep in mind that we 're all normal people here and take care not to have too high expectations , otherwise you will suffer of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome ) . 
  but of course the cities you will visit are pretty nice . 
  if you can , check out a few of the smaller ones , too . 
  as if western countries in any way changed the cultural instutions there . 
  they just accepted and made use of them via indirect rule . 
  it did n't at all . 
  eugenics were never an exclusively or even mostly german project . 
  now you 're honestly copypasting your comment from the same thread ? 
  jeez . 
   common idea among immature people , especially on the far left . 
  why only on the far left ? 
  more like with radicals of any kind . 
  wait , does my comment suggest it would be wrong ? 
  that 's a prime example of nationalism , i think . 
  what definition are you using , by the way ? 
  i think this comes down to using a different definition of the word . 
  what is the right word then ? 
  clearly the people of west and east germany expressed the belief to be of the same nation despite belonging to different states .
