  my point is that any other variables , such as experience , skill , qualifications etc. 
  are and will remain factors influencing the amount an employer is willing to pay . 
  unless of course i am reading this wrong and for some reason iceland wants an unexperienced trainee to be paid the same as a skilled , experienced professional . 
  which i just cant believe . 
  now where in the article ( or elsewhere for that matter ) does it read that iceland will prevent companies from sanctioning bad performance or negotiate contracts with respect to the current state of the economy ? 
  well i sympathise . 
  i am not opposed to the eu , just was a tiny bit sceptical when i first saw this sticker . 
  geez , this is n't even close to what i wrote . 
  do you have some stake in this , or why are you taking this so seriously ? 
  i feel like you might take this a bit too seriously . 
  maybe he is an idealist or maybe he is someone interested in securing a source of income . 
  or maybe he is a bit of both . 
  a healthy dose of skepticism is in no way ridiculous . 
  i do n't know . 
  but it seems naive to assume people are n't mostly looking out for themselves , especially if they are steering a major company so i am a bit cynical initially . 
  of course i 'd like it if i were proven wrong . 
  you are probably right . 
  i do n't know much about the market , though i believe cdproject is still pretty far up there . 
  with or without eu money , cdproject will stay large and probably grow . 
  that is not necessarily the same with smaller companies . 
  of course there are risks associated with it , but that is the case with every investment . 
  cdproject might be the most successful eu game developer right now . 
  if they ca n't make it on the free market then this industry will never gain a foothold here and we might as well spend the money elsewhere . 
  cdproject is not an underdog . 
  they do n't need go be kickstarted , they 're a huge company already with a profit of about 80 million euro . 
  the eu funds should rather go to others . 
  i know people love them , and i am inclined to believe they are better than most companies in the industry ( i have n't played any of their games ) but they are not a small startup . 
  they are a big player on their own . 
  do n't really understand the downvotes , that likely is a major reason for them to support the eu . 
   it 's just a buzzword for more devolution of federal power towards the regions and communities , away from the federal level . 
  technically , belgium already is a confederal state because the regions and communities are legally on the same level as the federal state . 
  so which powers exactly should be devolved in 2019 ? 
  as i said earlier , i thought the central state had given away lots already . 
  it seems to me that a referendum could put an end to what appears to be a slow , agonizing and time-consuming process . 
  either the flemings achieve independence and they and walloonia go separate ways or they do n't . 
  do n't let it get to you . 
   largest political party in flanders stating that constitutional reform will be on the table in 2019 , after the federal elections . 
  it has n't reached its limits at all . 
  from what i can gather , the party is in favour of a `` confederation '' - what exactly would that entail ? 
  and would n't it be easier to just organise a referendum on the issue ? 
  has n't this process reached its limits ? 
  i do n't believe there is power left to be devolved by now . 
  would you personally be in favour of an independent flanders ? 
  wait , what ? 
  do you actually think a majority of belgians want to end the belgian state ? 
  i was always under the impression only a vocal minority wished for that . 
  mate , you need to check your sarcasm detector . 
  it is the truth though , most people will like a person actively leaving their club less than people who have never even been members . 
  the only thing worse than heathens are heretics , as they saw the light and decided to leave it . 
  have n't seen such posts to be honest . 
  i do n't doubt there is a fraction of people thinking like this , but you generally find them on both sides . 
  there are enough far-right loonies hoping that the eu breaks up . 
  hate is a strong word . 
  i am a bit tired of the whole topic - because frankly , we do n't have anything to talk about besides the fact that the uk is leaving and what this maybe possibly if x criteria is met might entail . 
  it is a bit boring now , but for the most part not hateful . 
  are you educating apprentices or are planning on doing so ? 
  and have you reached out to students , informing them about the driver shortage ? 
  and if you do n't mind , where are you based ? 
  well under certain circumstances algerians and moroccans can take part but the sri lankans definitely were n't there with erasmus . 
  as a percentage of the population , i.e. 
  the thirty years war was bloodier . 
  war is less bloody ? 
  where did you get that from ? 
  and mexico stole it from native americans . 
  not to mention that most of it was empty deserts and plains anyway . 
  no , we would n't . 
  it 'd discredit the involved publications , but a nationalist shitstorm like in poland ? 
  i 'd rather have journalism be dependent on private corporations than on the state though . 
  no one is denying a share of responsibility , but why are you arguing this in this thread showing a destroyed town ? 
  you have to understand that the implication this destruction was deserved seems obvious . 
  which then also implies you 're talking about me ? 
  in any case , it is a cheap way to evade a question . 
  it should n't be a surprise that your comment is read like this - i mean , who else are you talking about ? 
   , and its the germans mostly with butthurt `` these lands bla bla bla '' , do n't see any of that here , most people have argued with you in a very reasonable manner as far as i can tell . 
  in fact , you are the one entertaining renewed war and spreading the idea the eu is a fourth reich . 
  yes , 33 % of voters gave their vote to the nsdap in november 1932 . 
  hindenburg eventually made hitler chancellor . 
  so which consequences should this have , exactly on the treatment of germans in k\u00fcstrin in 1945 ? 
  tell me . 
   people lecturing me about the rise of hitler yet they themselves have never voted are the exact reason that people like hitler could climb to power . 
  why do you think i never voted ? 
  hitler did not rise to power because germans did n't vote . 
  well , you apparently think his comments are an attempt to `` renegotiate '' borders . 
  i completely disagree with that assessment - not once did he question todays oder-neisse border . 
  at least as far as i can see . 
  and no , you did not call for a ban on critical discussion of history . 
  the remark that it `` was n't helping '' simply seemed a bit off-putting at the time . 
  if you can truly call an election that was occurring under massive threats and coercion democratic . 
  and what does this responsibility entail , in your opinion ? 
  does one forfeit ones rights because 33 % of ones country elected someone a decade ago ? 
   so , let 's just leave it , and move on . 
  in the same way , lets stop stupid dicussions in internet , accept it , that it was like this and that , and now , it is poland here , netherlands there - und gut ist . 
  then do n't spread irredentist claims about how half of europe is rightfully polish because some tribe took a dump here or there 1000 years ago . 
  i am sure no one wants to go to war in the eu nowadays . 
   but , the borders and that land is the price we payed and trying to renegotiate them by pointing out that it was wrong is not helping . 
  where did u/vertikal19 `` renegotiate '' any borders ? 
  are you seriously saying criticism of historical events should be , what , banned ? 
  of course `` americans '' are sovereign . 
  texans , north dakotans etc. 
  are not .
