  they relocated to ingolstadt , which has become a major town solely because of audi . 
  before ww2 no one ever heard of it . 
  siemens is even more widely known . 
  before the war they were based in berlin , now they 're in munich . 
  why did this happen ? 
  well , as i said , the south profited extremely from eastern brain drain and - luck again - it was within america 's occupation zone , where pro-business , free market policies were adapted early on . 
  why did the refugees come to the south ? 
  because it was n't as ruined as the rest of germany . 
  before the war , the main industrial areas were in saxony , thuringia , around berlin and in the ruhrgebiet . 
  also near north germany 's port towns . 
  those were oftentimes victims of large-scale bomb raids . 
  sure the allies also targeted stuttgart/munich/nuremberg , but not as much , as there was n't that much industry down there . 
  and do you know what they basically never targeted ? 
  small to mid-sized towns . 
  and south germany had a ** lot ** of them ( see ingolstadt ) . 
  they became motors of post-war growth in the brd . 
  again , luck for bavaria & baw\u00fc . 
  the statement on prussia was simply a quip on the elections of 1932 where the democratic spd continued to govern in prussia while bavaria voted for the nazis . 
  * tl ; dr * i do n't like people talking about the bavarian masterrace without historical knowledge . 
  apparently i ca n't . 
  i genuinely do n't get it . 
  look at me confirming the stereotype . ^ explain ^ please ? 
  no , why ? 
  if you ca n't magically raise mountains out of the ground i do n't get how this would be a challenge . 
   its as though guys here think that dressing up , and spending $ on style , is too ` schicki-micki ' or ` stuck-up ' or ` dishonest ' or something sorry , but how do you think would these expensive fancy shops survive without customers ? 
  lithuania lacks the altitudes needed to develop jodling capacity . 
  the same applies to north germany . 
  we 're both stuck in the great european plain . 
  something something ddr immigration something american occupation something prussia voted social democrat something ruhrgebiet th\u00fcringen sachsen berlin hamburg best industrial areas . 
  edit : i will expand on this if requested , realising now that it probably wo n't be understood by other people . 
  yeah , maybe with an increased amount and larger-scale combined exercises . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.eda.europa.eu/ ) agency already coordinates development . 
  i 'm regularly impressed what love my username gets me , maybe i should change my real name too  also , we agree . 
  since we 're mostly irreligious now , i fear nationalism serves as the opiate of the masses today . 
  on a daily basis , i find myself disagreeing with a lot of eu policies and proceedings too but i just do n't understand how people can deny the fundamental necessity of eu integration . 
  sure , a lot really is n't working that well today , but 21st century europe 's future just does n't look good without this continent coming together - and by that i mean the people , not a bunch of national governments making some decisions behind closed doors . 
  and as a final note , does no one ever recognize the chance that lies in this ? 
  we basically have the opportunity to `` build '' a state/federation/governmental system the way we want it , on the values we hold dear , without being constrained by anything but our conscience . 
  of course this will take time , but we should at least start making steps in that direction . 
  expanding the parliament 's powers for example would be a good start . 
  there are myriads of sensible ideas and proposals already . 
  but do you think we should try and work towards doing so ? 
  because i do . 
   it 's also unnecessary . 
  each state should have its own , strong , military . 
  a unified military has the potential to be much more cost effective , meaning at the same price we 'd be able to field a much stronger army with unified training , coordination and command structure . 
  there is a lot of know-how in europe already , an eu army would be a giant joint venture securing technological advantage for a long time to come & giving us a head start . 
  look , it might be a pipe dream - but there 's no denying it would be effective , sensible , and in every way advantageous if it could be enacted . 
  not necessarily , when we finally leave the intergovernmental approach behind us and set up directly accountable , democratic eu institutions and , most importantly , give them the power to make member states follow their decisions . 
   the eu already provides for mandatory defensive assistance if one member is attacked , and we can already form the coalitions we want , so that 's not really the question . 
  but the eu does not have an army , which is what this thread is about . 
  you need an army to defend yourself . 
  i 'm on mobile and ca n't write it all down now . 
  but go [ here ] ( https://openspending.org/de-bund/einzelplan/12 ) and look at the figures . 
  the total investment in building , preserving and nationalizing infrastructure ( train and car ) adds up to 5,174 billion $ an additional 2,7 billion makes that 7,874 billion $ , which is not even close to being enough . 
  it 's perfectly possible i made a mistake though , i 'll try and give you the exact calculation later . 
  the surplus investment comes from dubious ppp 's , i would n't be too sure about them . 
  when all experts always stated more than 10 billion are actually needed . 
  poland is not western european but it fits the broader definition of the `` west '' or `` occident '' . 
  when has poland been a soviet country ? 
  no , it was the split between latin/orthodox christianity all along . 
  voltaire should have kept his mouth shut back then . 
  that quote is so overused , and not even true . 
  [ battle of carthage ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_carthage_ ( c. _ 149_bc )  an estimated 50,000 surviving inhabitants were sold into slavery . 
  the city was then leveled . 
  the land surrounding carthage was eventually declared ager publicus , and it was shared between local farmers , and roman and italian ones . 
  the later population was a complex mixture of phoenicians , romans and berbers and settlers from all over the empire . 
  the frequency of his statements i guess , and maybe the easy accessibility . 
  i think many people have overestimated the competence of mr. krugman . 
  it 's hard to argue with the facts , is it ? 
  by facts i mean public opinion surveys . 
  by the way not conducted among  `` their people '' = vw , deutschebank , daimler ... 
  it 's pretty stupid to piss off all but one nordic country . 
  ughh , the hate sch\u00e4uble gets is not deserved and especially not for germany as a whole . 
  the eg is just doing what their people want , look at the surveys . 
  instead of asking politicians , you should ask their people , but i get the idea . 
  because it 's short and all of you speak it anyway . 
  so federation not by a rich vanguard but indebted and poor periphery ? 
  their idea of an eu federation would be about more democracy . 
  just use english . 
  edit : some people ca n't take a joke . 
  it 's well known nordic countries are reputed to have / actually have high levels of english proficiency . 
  have you read the article ? 
  he too wants to stay in the eu . 
  [ wrong . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb82/eb82_publ_en.pdf ) page 120 . 
  when asked `` in general , does the eu conjure up for you a positive , fairly positive , neutral , fairly negative or negative image ? 
  '' , the total `` positive '' answers for france were 41 % and for germany 38 % , hardly enough of a difference to warrant such a thesis . 
  moreover , french are much more radical than germans , with less people answering `` neutral '' so in total a 3 % higher percentage are opposed to the union . 
  the irony of a frenchman complaining about the euro and how germans profit from it ... also , if you cared to look up his history , you 'd see that he actually always was extremely pro european integration . 
  he just thinks greece ca n't be part of a closer eu because of it 's rotten institutions and lack of reliability . 
  it was a quip . 
  i was refering to the `` border between germanic and latin europe '' . 
  i know very well about wallonia 's early industrialisation . 
  during the roman empire . 
  has n't the top official recently stated there 's no reason to deport her ? 
  after 610 the empire was more greek then roman and the macedones ... it 'd be a atretch to call them anything but hellen ( is ) tic . 
  especially after alexander . 
  you can argue the euro increased inequality but even before the southern economies were less productive . 
  thanks for the investment , polen .
