  well many western ideas were only beginning to be developed at that point in time , so i do n't know why it would be weird . 
  on the other hand central influences like ( latin ) christianity were already in place and others were beginning to take shape so you could say `` west '' at that time does n't have political connotations and rather designates an intellectual project . 
  in that case you are not limited to britain but instead to all the regions i mentioned in my initial post . 
  the political definition came later . 
  yes , i consider enlightenment ideas to be a very important part of western thought . 
  by the way , my opinion on this more or less rests on a very good series of books : `` the history of the west '' by a german historian ( heinrich august winkler ) . 
  i do n't know if it has been translated though . 
  all i know is that americans are hilariously happy if you gift them kinder chocolate . 
   could you expand on this ? 
  what was `` eastern '' about any part of germany before ww1 ? 
  well the most convincing argument i can make is that the german elite itself juxtaposed supposedly german values like order , sense of duty , tradition , conservatism and hierarchy with the `` decadence '' and `` rootlessness '' of atlantic liberalism and capitalism . 
  this went hand in hand with the belief that , should a conflict arise between king and parliament , the prussian king should always be able to command a company of soldiers to dissolve the reichstag . 
  this was reflected in the 1871 constitution which did not grant parliamentary sovereignty . 
   but i would n't mix it with the 20th century socialist - non socialist one , because that only muddles things horribly . 
  i would n't either , because socialism does not necessarily contradict western thought . 
  what set the ussr and the atlantic coalition apart , were not socialistic ideas but differences regarding personal freedoms , the role of the state , popular sovereignty and separation of powers . 
  `` the west '' is primarily a cultural and philosophical term designating common traditions like latin christianity , human rights , democracy , separation of powers and rule of law that were developed and enacted especially in france , britain , the low countries , the us and germany , but to some extent also in italy , spain , poland , hungary and northern europe . 
  fully embracing these western ideas makes a country part of the `` west '' , which is why even though germans were instrumental to western thought , germany only fully becomes part of the west after ww1 . 
  russia and some balkan countries have yet to make this step . 
  are you ... an actual basque ? 
  in any case , happy new year !, 
  most estonians on reddit probably live in tallinn . 
  true - i seriously ca n't come up with any actual alternative names right now . 
  oh , i thought it had something to do with celtic settlement in slowenia , 
  a bit unrelated , but may i ask about your username ? 
  what led you to choose it ? 
  deutsches reich maybe ? 
  we have n't used it since 1945, 
  interesting , i always found it fascinating how a victorious power could nonetheless be so dissatisfied and angry after its victory . 
  do you still learn about vittoria mutilata ? 
  so delicatesse entered english through german ? 
  that 's weird , since it is based on french d\u00e9licat , ;d, 
  were there many spruces in prussia , but not in poland ? 
   joachimsthal is n't that a german name ? 
  but also `` kindergarten '' and `` wanderlust '', 
  take out your cell and pretend to be busy . 
  i am sipping at my cup of coffee and a glass of blood orange juice right now . 
  as far as food goes , i 'll probably eat a few bread rolls with cheese and tomatos . 
  oh , and there are some grapes somewhere as well i think . 
  i can , and it 'd be interesting to know since i believe church bells are common in almost every european country . 
  i can hear them and it does n't bother me . 
  i 'm not including independence movements . 
  no offense taken . 
  it 's just that west germany already was one of the leading eu members ( by eu i also mean its predecessors ) . 
  comparing the holocaust with internment of japanese americans ? 
  you got to be fucking kidding me . 
  you overestimate the importance of the east and underestimate the west 's . 
  the industrial and economic centres as well as most people are in the west . 
  wow . 
   mmhmm , and there are national socialistic opinions . 
  and you are absolutely free to have them in germany . 
  you spread leaflets demanding the death of all jews living here , however , then the state will go after you for violating the constitution and law . 
  a democracy is unique in that it can allow its enemies to take over through its own institutions . 
  a militant democracy recognises this and prevents it through a multitude of measures , including limiting your basic rights . 
   i wo n't have much else to say at least you are right here . 
  west germany was still extremely influential , even in the 70s and before reunification . 
  it seems to be promotion specifically for schleswig-holstein , so it might be wrong to use `` north germany '' here . 
  we do n't know that , right ? 
  i only considered the votes that were actually counted . 
  he knows it ? 
  it 's still good to point out that consistently the candidate not endorsed by the majority of voters has won . 
   frenchmen that died for a war that was n't exactly theirs ... how about them ? 
  those frenchmen had every right to be angry at the french government for forcing them to partake in the war . 
   seems like nice and savoie are a fair price if one thinks people and their homes are tradeable like cattle . 
  because if we mean the territory annexed in 1871 that is the correct term . 
  if we just mean the elsass , we never say lothringen . 
  add the west slavs and your comment is a comprehensive guide to slavic mutual intelligibility . 
  challenge the content , not the headline . 
  the point being ? 
  a historian may be evil or dishonest , regardless of nationality . 
  which is another reason why i.e. 
  a honest and neutral swede might be a better authority on polish history than a dishonest and biased pole . 
  it should be written by good and honest historians . 
  because of public pressure at home for example . 
  during negotiations you make demands that you do n't expect to end up in the final treaty . 
  it 's pretty normal , really . 
  the reason is that it had to be negotiated and `` transparency '' would have worsened i.e. 
  the eu 's position during the negotiations . 
   it kinda is . 
  every other nation somehow has the right to write their own history , but poles ca n't . 
  there is no such right . 
  historians study history with the goal of finding the truth and furthering knowledge , not an agenda . 
  in any case * if poles were to write their history * , would they lie and hide anything that makes them appear unfavorable ? 
  i 'd be shocked if yes . 
  and if yes , that would be propaganda , not history anymore . 
   if what matters is being among the initial members it is not , i was merely adding that spain was n't a member state when the working languages were decided upon . 
  german is known by 32 % of eu population , spanish by 15 % , french by 26 % . 
   do n't you think that after almost 80 years of occupation and lies poland should finally be able to defend its good name ? 
  the question of whether poles killed jews during ww2 is not related to soviet occupation or the wish of the current government to `` defend polands good name '' , whatever that means . 
  i will not lie , i chuckled when i saw this sitting at 0 upvotes ( people were actively downvoting it ) . 
  r/europe , never change . 
  netherlands , i like you . 
  you are a great country with an interesting history and a cool maritime tradition . 
  your language sounds weird at first but grew on me after a time . 
  i 'm speaking about the fact that german is a working language of the eu , so it will of course be translated into german . 
  more eu citizens have german as a native language than french . 
  and spain was not among the initial members . 
  makes me sad . 
  is it true that the fear of being associated with g\u00fclen even extends to the daily life of average turks ? 
  i heard of someone planing to start a cooperation with a turkish school , when they found out it was financed by g\u00fclen they immediately put all plans on halt , for fear of being associated with him .
