  you 're absolutely spot on here . 
  at times i wonder why we apparently ca n't have an honest debate on immigration and the risks and dangers associated with it , ** without ** resorting to such disgusting racist rhetoric , or the umpteenth nerve wracking / s remark telling us how stupid the liberals are . 
  you can be opposed to and sceptical of immigration or parts of it , while still wishing people from these countries all the best ; while still remembering how our own ancestors once held slaves and murdered humans to appease their gods - to sum it up , how we , too , were and at times still are  stupid or dirty or mean, 
  [ this is how . 
  interesting indeed , weirdly enough i always thought everyone was his subject due to his role as emperor . 
  thanks for taking the time to reply - in no way did i mean to suggest any nazi actions were/are justifiable . 
  and neither do i want to downplay the understandable truth that 98 % of an ethnic group voting for a party that decides to invade and occupy your country leaves an indelible mark on a nation 's psyche . 
  i hold no grudges towards czechs ( look at my username  ) and really do n't want to be seen as doing so . 
  apologies if my initial comment was too agressive - it really was directed against people who would downplay the tragedy that it still was . 
  if in the process i appeared to be downplaying the tragedy and catastrophe that germans caused , i , again want to apologise . 
  could a pole or a historian ( anyone with kowledge about this ) tell me/us how this was possible with the catholic church so strong in poland ? 
  well , the bosnians apparently use the word much more often , but you 're right , after them , we germans come . 
  weird , as this really contradicts my experience . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  well , bohemia was a kingdom . 
   what they did n't know is that what you do , you get back . 
  karma is real . 
  so in the czech republic murderers are murdered and rapists raped ? 
  an eye for an eye is your preferred method of punishment ? 
  apart from the fact that in 45 no nazis were punished , instead the history and future of countless generations , of the guilty and the innocent , was wiped out . 
  if by scores you mean karma , it 's negative . 
  if by scores you mean `` many '' , i 've seen barely anyone . 
  you bought a bmw because of it 's sustainability ? 
  i guess you 're not english , that 'd be too funny to be true . 
  stop lashing out with no reason . 
  the balkan states are safe , whereas pakistan is n't necessarily . 
  they 're whiter . 
  not that i support it , but there 's his reasoning . 
  * a sewage is a more `` tangible '' thing * i 'm saying that even if in international politics our interests might be opposed at times ( i do n't think this is too bad though ) on a cultural and societal level there is little to no hate for poles in germany - that was different once ... * the brd does n't support them , in fact they are seen as a pariah in large parts of german society . 
  such as a sewage ? 
  come on , you 're so needlessly hostile ... 
  the past is the past and ca n't be changed but we can learn from it . 
  i do n't think that germany `` fucks over '' poland on so many issues but even if we did , there is no underlying hate and resentment against you like it was back then . 
  and how do you presume to deal with the bund der vertriebenen ? 
  they have every right to do what they do as a private organisation . 
  my guesses : i 'm pretty certain the us numbers can be attributed to the rise of trump . 
  the drop in regards to britain and poland is likely due to the feeling of having been `` backstabbed '' during the migrant crisis an the impression that both countries complain endlessly , are unwilling to cooperate and cherrypick the best parts of eu while germans pay for it . 
   if it votes to leave because a disproportionately high number of older and less well-educated british want it so passionately , it 's what the statistics say , though . 
  older and lower educated people are more likely to vote out . 
  also do n't know why you get so hun up on one german opinion piece . 
  back to r/edefreiheit with you . 
  `` poland is not yet lost '' is also the title of the polish national anthem . 
  of course they are , if the common man gets of his arse and actually votes in these elections . 
   spiegel : on this issue , we see divided societies all across europe : in austria , france , britain , hungary and poland . 
  how certain are you that countries like hungary and poland still even share our common european values ? 
    sch\u00e4uble : european values have great appeal and are shared by the overwhelming majority of poles . 
  for poland , in particular , european values were the driving force that ultimately achieved something that we germans thought was impossible : the fall of the berlin wall . 
  we are now experiencing a setback , but i am optimistic . 
  ** poland is not lost yet . 
  ** the polish government is responding to pressure from brussels . 
  europe matters . 
  has to be intentional . 
  i 'd like to encourage everyone to read the interview and not just glance over the comments . 
  i found it to be very good and informative . 
  that 's not insulting - it 's an opinion piece . 
  the author is welome to thinking his opinion is the smarter one ( its what everyone with an opinion thinks ) . 
  weird though , never heard people claim the current developments are fascism . 
  such as ? 
  it 's kind of frustrating when someone proves you wrong but you still refuse to give up your preformed opinion . 
  as for the `` unelected officials '' , the council consists of the elected heads of state , the parliament out of elected meps ... the commission is more like a civil service ( its president is still elected ) . 
   it 's about things we only do because we 're a super power in the first place yeah , so it 's one of the benefits of being a super power . 
  you 're just proving my point ( and it 's not nebulous at all ) . 
  sure . 
  as the bush administration made clear , the us believes itself to be above international law . 
  they act in accordance with the un only as long as it does what the us wants . 
  when it does n't , the us just breaks it . 
  it gets away with that because of its military and economic strength . 
  and i personally do n't always disagree with such actions - but it 's hard to deny that the us does n't usually let others ( russia , for example ) get away with breaking international treaties and laws . 
  orban ? 
  the man is part of the establishment . 
   and why would the author mention the ideology of fidesz and jobbik in a corruption story ? 
  because he writes about hungary and its society in general , and they sadly are very influential . 
  well written , but those wars you 're speaking of were not fought for europe 's safety . 
  second , it 's not like europe lacks any defense . 
  it 's the 2 % spending mark you should complain about instead of pretending europe does n't defend itself at all . 
  third , the problem with european defense is that no state on it 's own has the means or an incentive to be a military superpower like the us or china and maybe russia . 
  only the eu as a combined entity has an incentive and the means to follow through . 
  but the eu does n't have an army . 
  and fourth , as i said initially , the us gets a lot of advantages out if it 's hegemony . 
  it is awful that many us citizens do n't profit from it , but the blame ca n't really be laid on europe . 
  and how do you know there is no china teapot revolving about the sun between earth and mars ? 
   there is growing support ( though still very much a minority , again myself included ) for a total and sudden withdraw from europe in terms of militaristic power . 
  if only to force europeans to budget more for their own defense , and to allow us to cut back . 
  does the us no longer have the ambition to be a superpower ? 
  as long as you still are one , you should just deal with it . 
  the amount of benefits the us gets out of its status is immense , protecting its allies should n't be too much to ask for . 
   my point is you ca n't integrate a culture that does not want to be integrated . 
  and if they do n't want to be , they should n't get any help in the form of asylum . 
  taking a diverse group of people and assigning a mentality to them is wrong for a good many reasons . 
  many involved in work with migrants would point out to you that beyond the disheartening cases they experience many individuals who are willing to adapt and integrate . 
  the special role of the individual is in essence what makes western thought and philosophy stand apart from totalitarian ideologies like stalinism or nazism . 
   yeah , those are ussualy the same people that never interact with gypsies . 
  and many that do interact with them do as well . 
  others might not . 
  the point is that most people do n't think there should be barriers to what you can achieve that are set by factors you ca n't influence , such as belonging to x group or people . 
  we live in a world full of such barriers , yes , but they believe that they can be gradually done away with . 
  why do you turn \u201e people that had to flee from persecution `` to \u201e the equivalent of gypsies `` ? 
  by the way , the people i 'm talking of usually do n't think aiding gypsies is inherently bad . 
   why is europe dealing with these ungrateful refugees in the first place ? 
  instead of taking refugees in from south asia , africa , and the middle east , why not just work on a way to increase domestic birth rates in their own countries .
