  most of them are n't ; and certainly not after reaching finland . 
  well , maybe he was actually sleeping . 
  but it is not the eu 's fault then . 
  i do n't know why you started counting civilian deaths as if it would result in anything but a shitfest . 
  you ca n't have it both ways : either people fleeing from a country with safe areas are refugees or not . 
  if not , then ukrainians are not refugees . 
   most homogenous countries in europe after ww2 you mean . 
  well yes . 
  it is an interesting building and it appears the local community has begun to like it . 
  i 'm just saying there 's no real historical value here , or at least it is not automatically there just because something is old . 
  beauty is not really a factor in determining historical value . 
  the bauhaus building in dessau for example was n't granted world heritage status because of its beauty . 
  personally i have to say that this castle seems like a lot of kitsch to me , just a rich person emulating earlier architecture . 
  if their english is good enough , they probably just ignore them . 
  if not , yes , they do . 
   ( how the fuck am i supposed to read german while listening english ? ) . 
  quite easily . 
  all the blue countries manage to do just that . 
  well we only have one eu commissioner . 
  well fine , then we agree on the eu impacting our lifes . 
   eu supranational bodies are , at most , as significant as my homeowner association . 
  the eu did n't need the member states approval at all . 
  originally it was n't even a mixed agreement . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  fact is , the treaty was negotiated by the eu . 
  and that `` kind concession '' is influencing millions of people 's lifes , no matter how revocable it might be . 
   milions of foreigners out of the question !, 
  we 're dealing with very little numbers here , not even germany accepted a single million in 2015 . 
  stop being so fucking dishonest , you 're weakening the valid points you make if you resort to lying like that . 
   we are not responsible for finding the solutions it 's politicians problem . 
  and when politicians do that , you will of course be complaining the loudest of all . 
  well i ca n't understand how you can possibly think the commission does n't have very direct influence on your life . 
  just take ceta as an example . 
  or the fact that you can live and work anwhere within the eu as an eu citizen . 
  schr\u00f6dingers eu : both powerless and insignificant as well as taking over your national sovereignty within these next few days . 
  holy shit . 
  and that 's coming from a fucking slovene . 
  not if he can make a fat profit by sitting in brussels . 
  he proved during these last years he 's about doing that . 
  context matters . 
  `` blut-und-boden-ideologie '' brought fourth horrific results . 
  you can of course try to be cheeky and argue that * technically * it does n't mean anything awful . 
  but no one using the term can disconnect it from its history and what it is associated with . 
  dae ** 1984 ** orwell told us !!, 
  well i would n't take his word for it . 
  you can already quite reasonably interpret the existing provisions from ceta regarding courts/tribunals for investor protection as public in nature or at the least no longer private ; so he might just be claiming existing regulation as if it were his personal success . 
  i 'd be surprised if this were any more substantial . 
  not true at all . 
  the arbitration courts for example only are responsible in disputes over investions . 
  aside from that , national judiciary will keep its powers completely . 
  countries will continue to be able to enact legislation to protect the environment or their worker 's rights . 
  businesses can only expect to sue successfully if such a law is obviously discriminating based on religion or nationality . 
  you are dishonestly comparing existing deals to the ceta one , which features a new model expressly put in the treaty as a reaction to public fears . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i have to say admit the whole czech naming situation is quite weird to me , but i guess they have their reasons for wanting to be called czechia . 
  you can save time by just copy pasting this  what about [ usa/eu/the west ] [ choose what applies ], 
  does n't that too come from `` bohemia '' ? 
  i really would like to know , but i ca n't speak any czech . 
  also , apparently there is a mistake on the german wikipedia in this regard : o, 
  not before immigration became one though . 
  if i understand correctly , then czechs call their country \u010cesk\u00e1 republika , which comes from \u010cechy , meaning the region of bohemia , right ? 
  so if the name comes from bohemia anyway , why not just call the country bohemia in english , too ? 
  depends . 
  how many people will be aware that the ratings are doctored ? 
  yeah , those scrolling through this thread will . 
  but how many are those that just visit imdb and decide not to watch the movie ? 
  lgbt or feminism are only key issues for some of their voters , other do n't care about them at all ( in the east for example ) . 
  it 's more the reason the war was fought . 
  to end slavery and all . 
  itt : people jumping to conclusions after not reading or at the very least not comprehending the article - in addition to not having any idea of how judicial proceedings work . 
  got any sources for that outrageous claim ? 
  you do n't usually have a reason to say that , but yes . 
  thank god for them . 
  you spoke about homer in philosophy ? 
  he was more of a collector of myths and legends , right ? 
  washington not so much . 
  but lincoln is hugely popular here . 
  well done . 
  which conquest ? 
  i as a german would rather leave kant with russia than assume responsibility for the guy austria is famous for ... 
  what , the federal states ? 
  that 's new to me . 
  i think only the bundestag will decide . 
  it is not inherently dribble . 
  but , you know , you might want to take the context into consideration , which makes it indeed seem like a petty , smug , jingoistic , passive agressive thing to say . 
  if you 're watching movies on dvd or bluray , you have that option already . 
  as for tv , i 'm not sure it is even technologically feasible . 
  also , you 're overstating the awfulness of dubbing . 
  many people seem to not have any problem with it , in my experience it is mostly young hipsters who zealously want to enforce their idea of how to consume media on others . 
  because not everyone is able to or wants to watch movies in english . 
  yeah , how can they even dare to consume media in their own language . 
  i 'm not saying you 'll find open doors everywhere , but i would n't give up . 
  search on the internet , i 'm sure you 'll find something . 
  * immigration from within the eu, 
  italy is n't a third world country either . 
  such a program might still be possible ( maybe without the state gifting half of the loan ) . 
  of course it should . 
  or do you mean a referendum ? 
  i know it is different in ireland . 
  personally i 'm not thinking it is very likely .
