  and i mean a term actually describing them , not just anti-this and anti-that . 
  though that might be all there is to them , so i 'd be fine with `` reactionary '' as well . 
  it is the term describing them best - you 're the one turning it into an insult . 
  jeez , is it now too pc to call people holding far-right views `` far-right '' ? 
  what have the swabians done to poland though ? 
  some of it might still be down to the first world war . 
  this coming from a norwegian ... :p, 
  thanks !, 
  it is not an easy decision to make but unless a scot with more knowledge of scottish politics and potential reasons for the delay and her refusal to commit can explain , i have to agree . 
  thankfully , it would accomplish little and cause unnecessary problems . 
  neoliberalism has been more or less the leading economic theory these last decades , it is n't really fair to call it impossible to implement . 
  i do n't know - at this point i just dislike the term because there is no clear definition anymore , it can both be a cover-up for demeaning slurs and a way to express legitimate concerns . 
  as far as i know , people profiting from the quota system have in fact been acknowledged as refugees . 
  and what has `` political correctness '' to do with this ? 
  i do n't see a problem with the reforms themselves ( saving costs in the public sector ) , more wiith the implementation . 
  what is wrong with the reforms demanded by the troika ? 
  reforms were part of the troika programme , a very important one at that . 
  bailout extensions and haircuts too . 
  but if you ca n't cover your expenses , then you have to cut them or find an idiot to pay for you . 
  the rest of the ez does n't want to be the idiots . 
  the ecb 's goals are very vague and open to interpretation . 
  they do n't translate into direct control by any governments . 
  this is an explanation , not a justification . 
  which territorial ambitions led to germany declaring war in 1914 ? 
  there certainly were movements calling for continental expansion , but i think by now we more or less know that german generals and politicians felt forced and compelled to fight a war `` of defense '' as they believed - in order to defend the old order against increasingly successful social democrats and in order to stop a rapidly developing russia in league with a vengeful france in the west before such a war could no longer be won . 
  i mean the growth in us industrial output and population , it is so impressive i do n't believe any european state could have competed with it . 
  why would anyone attack this ? 
  seems like such a nice and completely uncontroversial project !, 
  so the combination of both was the deciding factor ? 
  i guess that 's fine . 
  would you really consider the us land-based ? 
  sure , certainly more than britain . 
  but the us navy was still very large and important if i remember correctly . 
  though , even if the world wars had n't happened i think the us would still have overtaken both our nations . 
  it is really hard to look at america in the 19th and 20th centuries and not believe in american exceptionalism . 
  but britain was completely outproducing the german navy in the decade before the war . 
  germany already operated at its very limit , at least ever since the industrialisation of russia and the formation of the triple entente mandated a shift to the land army . 
  i do n't think - nor , as far as i know , the german policy makers at the time - that germany could have even matched britains navy . 
  bohemia had a good thing going on though . 
  maybe it was a race , but one side was much , much faster than the other . 
  if you compare actual german and british production , it is obvious that the german threat to british naval power is being exaggerated more often than not . 
  there is actually an interesting [ caricature ] ( http://imgur.com/a/oxj1c ) on this . 
  meaning more or less `` german is my mind , and my garb ... made of finest cloth from england . '', 
  polls had clinton narrowly winning though . 
  you 're joking , but this is really not a terribly uncommon process in europe 's history . 
  rulers often tried to attract new workers and taxpayers by granting rights and incentivising colonisation . 
  right . 
  well , flat-out saying it was a `` good thing '' does n't leave much room for interpretation . 
  but in general , this is a sensible view . 
  43 % is a very impressive result , considering we are talking about a massive empire that subjugated a large part of the world . 
  would you mind being a bit more specific , its a bit had to believe british curricula are full of lies and falsehoods aimed at misrepresenting british history . 
  who exactly is `` indoctrinating '' brits ? 
  and why does it seem to be unsuccessful , considering the poll results ? 
  i just clarified how i meant it , did n't literally tell you to change it . 
   point is : germans do n't feel personal guilt because of ww2 . 
  i meant my question . 
  edited it now . 
  then replace `` did n't happen '' with `` we did n't do '' . 
  and , actually , germans do not blame themselves , as individuals , for ww2 . 
  we however accept that our country was responsible for it . 
  agree completely . 
  if one can feel pride at things one had no part in then why should it be wrong to feel guilt too ? 
  what do germans blame themselves for that ~ ~ did n't happen ~ ~ we did n't do ? 
  i too , i can live with that . 
  ended up pretty much directly in the centre . 
  but not genocide , which this thread is about . 
  you need to understand that this was a horrible crime , but it was not targeted at ukrainians . 
  it just so happened to be the case that many ukrainians lived in fertile food-producing regions of the soviet union . 
  therefore , the holodomor was no genocide . 
     i mean european values . 
  i do n't think , that `` western '' values exist . 
  you maybe would like to call them `` western '' , but i do n't think that we in europe have exactly the same values like in the us . 
  looking at the way we tend to build our welfare states should be a pretty obvious indicator for differences between their worldview and ours . 
  see , i think `` western values '' include ideas like * democracy * separation of powers * human rights * rule of law there is absolutely , and i mean absolutely no question that the us played an extremely large part in developing and especially in applying these ideas in practice . 
  including the welfare state in this is moving the goalposts a bit - it came about later and is in my opinion not relevant to these core western concepts . 
  after all , many a dictator built a functioning net of social security too . 
  in fact , if you want to prove that russia is not european , then placing emphasis on social security would be rather counterproductive , seeing as how the soviet union and other members of the warsaw pact were relatively extensive welfare states . 
   the russian people decided that the soviet union was nicer , than some liberal european utopia . 
  the russian people did n't decide anything . 
  and extrapolating from this unique historical situation is a bit wrong to be frank - it could have gone either way and ca n't serve as a reason to declare russia un-european . 
  the core problem here is , i think , the idea that western values are `` european '' . 
  i do n't think we can say that : even though the eu might be built on them , nations like britain or switzerland , historically part of western civilization , are not part of that organisation while countries like bulgaria or romania are . 
  heck , if you look at spain , not too long ago it was a dictatorship and an absolute monarchy before . 
  germany was n't even a parliamentary democracy until 1918 . 
  and the tag `` european '' hides that countries like australia , canada , the us , argentina or brazil , israel and south korea have to a large degree adapted western ideas or were even instrumental in developing them . 
  yet none of these countries are european . 
  central to the idea of being european were , historically , not enlightenment values but traits like * christianity * some reception of roman and greek antiquity * some participation in europe-wide cultural developments and this is certainly true for russia . 
  it does not matter that it were mostly the elites . 
  do you think german peasants were well-versed in greek classics and philosophy ? 
  now , because of the mongol conquest and geographic isolation much of this reception occurred at a later point than in other parts of europe , which is not surprising . 
  again , the same applies to the balkan states or poland . 
   so we ca n't declare those traditions european , but you can declare russians european , although they do n't really like being called that . 
  we are arrogant , but you are not ? 
  take a look at the twitter account of the russian embassy in the uk . 
  it will give you a nice picture of what russia thinks about europe and our `` european '' nature . 
  no , i am not , i have given reasons for why russia should be considered european . 
  the definition of europe currently popular with the russian government and its supporters lacks factual basis and should not be taken into account in this matter . 
  if you went to a supporter of the german government in 1939 and told him about your definition of europe , he 'd have shrugged it off and told you about the german * sonderweg * and western european `` decadence '' as well . 
  how ? 
  the potus seems a source of news in every country right now .
