  is it still being driven in hungary ? 
  in germany one would be hard-pressed to find them by now . 
  i am talking about spanish claims to the entirety of the rock , which i feel violate international law , most notably the principle of self-determination . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   but the afd will probably be the first nationalist party to enter our parliament since the nsdap sorry , but you forget spd , fdp and cdu/csu . 
  nationalist parties , all of them , until sometime in the 70s ( spd ) or 90s for the latter two , who still have some nationalist members today . 
  this seems to be a common belief in austria . 
  but the biedermeier movement , origin of german gem\u00fctlichkeit , was common to all german states in the 19th century . 
  and northern germany really does not equal prussian . 
  he might still identify as hungarian and use the eu-flag as a political statement . 
  if britain does n't like that , it is free to take action in this matter . 
  so is the eu . 
  but i do in fact think that people and territories should generally have the right to self-determination , regardless of what the un thinks of their territorial status . 
  and if spain wants to violate its treaty with britain on the cession of gibraltar , other nations of course might find it easier to violate their treaties with spain . 
  what a horrible , nasty little article . 
  oh i actually like how it looks . 
  but i also like brick gothic architecture in general . 
  in 1517 - 500 years ago - martin luther published his theses . 
  after he was excommunicated a few years later , the duke of saxony hid him on wartburg castle under the faux name of `` junker j\u00f6rg '' . 
  he translated the new testament into german there . 
  i guess the [ wartburg ] ( http://www.mdr.de/kultur/themen/wartburg-luftbild-102_v-variantbig16x9_w-576_zc-915c23fa.jpg?version=0375 ) . 
  of course this year it is especially relevant . 
  yeah , we do n't really have that here in germany . 
  maybe it is different in paris though . 
  i certainly would be happy if someone gifted me some , 
  pure peanut butter . 
  in europe you only get it with lots of additional sugar . 
  and it is quintessentially american . 
  everything else , wine and beer for example , is as good or better in europe . 
  brd/ddr nostalgia maybe . 
  some people think things were better when the country was divided . 
  in the east , some believe they treated each other better and with more respect under the ddr , that everyone had a relatively safe job etc. 
  in the west , nostalgia is more longing for a time when germans were almost exclusively focused on earning money to own a car , a television and to travel with the family - without having to assume responsibility internationally as de facto eu leader . 
  gaullism is a term i never really understood . 
  it seems to mean this to one side of the politcial spectrum , and something completely different to another . 
  oh yes . 
  oh , i can behind that . 
  so in which direction can i find luxemburg again ? 
  the people living in gibraltar do n't want to be part of spain though . 
  by now that should be absolutely clear . 
  exactly , there obviously are some differences . 
  but to the point that i feel foreign there ? 
  not at all . 
  moving from bayreuth to rostock ( west to east ) is as much of a change as moving from oldenburg to passau ( west to west ) . 
  i really have to commend czechoslovakia for its volatile but all together successful democratic government during the inter war period . 
  it is a bit amazing given the developments in the rest of europe at the time . 
  britain . 
  l'\u00cele de france . 
  i was more thinking along the lines of ending such a historical anomaly . 
  i guess with the uk leaving the eu there wo n't be any tangible benefits to changing the status quo though . 
  it is interesting to imagine how a new union jack could look - with the manx foots included . 
  do you think the manx ( ? ), 
  are in favour of becoming part of the uk , with a similar status to scotland for example ? 
  i really need to stop assuming peoples gender  i thought wicca is about witches and satanism ? 
  a person i went to school with was active in that scene as well , but i think he did more with traditional paganism . 
  i guess he is interested in celtic paganism then ? 
  druids and all that ? 
  i love it , they dare to take risks . 
  i do n't like everything they produce , but it is not just more of the same . 
  for example , they recently did a mock news broadcast on the russian revolution in 1917 , with an anchor and correspondents etc. 
  edit : and there was an amazing documentary about the history of our capitals paris and berlin respectively and how they influenced each other throughout the centuries . 
  well , i am not using the term with connotations of sovereignty . 
  to be honest , i just adapted op 's wording . 
  it might be better if we all were to switch to `` nation '' or , as you propose , `` cultural region '' for the purpose of this discussion . 
  so i take it all that defines a country to you are political boundaries . 
  well in that case scotland certainly would not exist right now . 
  it is still pretty close , right ? 
  so why do n't you consider them as such ? 
  just because they have not ( yet ) separated ? 
  you are talking about political realities . 
  the thing is , however , that even without devolution scotland was considered a different country . 
  england and scotland are very similar in many ways . 
  but so are denmark and norway , which are and , most people would agree , should be different countries . 
  thus , england and scotland can be different countries as well . 
  which is the point i am making . 
  why ? 
  greenland is much more different than denmark as far as culture , language and everyday life goes . 
  denmark and norway have very , very similar languages and the culture is not extremely different , just like with england and scotland . 
  if denmark and norway can be different countries , so can england and scotland . 
  it is almost certainly calculated - hungary knows fully well that there is no chance turkey will * actually * join the eu . 
  should the possibility arrise , we will see a 180 \u00b0 turnaround , i am sure . 
  did n't you learn about huguenots ? 
  they were not the only ones `` building '' berlin but they were very , very important . 
  it is crazy how many of our neighbours seem to have watched these shows . 
  i did n't even know german television is broadcasted in the netherlands , croatia and so on . 
  you 're right . 
  it is a problem without an easy answer . 
  yes and i stand by the ottomans historically being the most prominent enemy if i ca n't choose other european countries ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  right . 
  bu if we 're not talking about individual states but about europe as a whole , the ottomans are the closest to being an enemy . 
  see , i was trying to give op an answer to `` who are europe 's enemies '' . 
   i 'm not sure if that changes the point though ? 
  it does , because `` europe '' is a cultural term , not really a political one . 
  to hold that swedish and french culture were not influenced by christianity is very difficult to support . 
  those were alliances born out of necessity ( or so the respective rulers believed ) and realpolitik . 
  the first call for an united europe was in order to face and counter the threat of islam . 
  being christian is arguably a defining feature for european countries , leaving out exceptions to the rule such as bosniaks and albania . 
  not being christian is defining for almost all of europe 's neighbours , from morocco to mongolia . 
     well again these answers are so vague that it 's a common history for basically half of the world . 
  but these are nevertheless uniting features , setting us apart from regions like india , china and to a large degree the islamic world .
