  they need time for that but most importantly they need international oversight and help in making the greek bureaucracy modern , western and accountable . 
  should this be offered , the greeks need to accept it . 
  the elite wo n't do it on it 's own . 
  * writing off the debt is a bad incentive . 
  to give greece time and the ability to grow , let 's extend the period over which the debt is repaid and give them low interest rates . 
  the article was an opinion piece written by  malte spitz is a green party politician and a privacy activist . 
  hans-christian str\u00f6bele is a green party member of the bundestag and serves on the intelligence committee . 
  this article was translated by geoffrey s. koby from the german . 
  no , they 're not members of the german government . 
  as to the fsb . 
  it 's well known russia exploits snowden 's situation to stick the finger to the us . 
  another reason why germany or another western country should 've granted him asylum . 
  yet , there is no proof for any of your accusations . 
  if it did happen and the us did n't want it , maybe they should n't have cancelled his passport so he got stuck in moscow ... 
  we share values and history . 
  not so much . 
  we could , if they 'd finally bring to an end what peter the great started centuries ago . 
  i want us to be in an alliance on equal terms with the usa . 
  do you think i do n't even read the articles you post ? 
  questioning snowden is not granting asylum to snowden . 
  and the second article explicitly states that the agencies * fear * he * might * disclose documents about which he said - in the article - he would n't publish . 
  sorry , but this is just utterly wrong . 
  german government never talked about that . 
  and snowden is a spy now ? 
  he was one , but for the us . 
  now he 's a whistleblower . 
  i know , i wrote the same a few lines below . 
  and that 's why i think it 's wrong , too . 
  the us and europe are natural allies , no reason for doing that . 
  and yes , i know allies can spy on each other - but i doubt there is political will here to spy on the us and , more importantly , there are no resources to do so effectively . 
  if the us government thinks europe ca n't be trusted then they should stop whining about nato requirements or low public opinions of the us . 
  after all , we 're no more than strategic partners , hardly worthy of the treatment say , nzl gets ( for speaking english ? ) . 
  as you might guess , i think of the us as more than a partner but as a vital friend and ally . 
  and in a time of increasing competition from china or india , the `` free world '' should n't do this to each other . 
  call me naive for that , it 's my conviction and apart from `` duh , everyone does it , idiot '' , i have n't heard an argument able to change my mind . 
  i forgive you . 
  the greek bailouts were not germany 's own bailouts . 
  yes , the imf has ignored it 's own rules but in the end this programme is not very different from other ones the fund orchestrated elsewhere . 
  and germany is an exporting nation . 
  and benefiting from the global system while minimising what you have to contribute is hardly exclusive to germany . 
  yes , the us contributes a lot , but it also profits from it 's dominant role in global politics . 
  and we 're speaking about europe , not just germany . 
  did istria become independent while i was n't looking ? 
  original poster . 
  the one that opened the thread . 
  i 'm curious , do you think ( 1 ) privacy is n't important or do you think ( 2 ) that its a lost cause ? 
  as for ( 2 ) , yeah there 'll always be people infringing on it . 
  does n't mean we ca n't stop it from becoming law and therefore legal . 
  also does not mean we ca n't at least keep spy agencies from doing uncontrolled mass collecting of data by having at least a bit of parliamentary oversight . 
  enjoy giving it up without even fighting . 
   the rest of europe is wishy-washy on stuff how so ? 
  you mean the iraq war ? 
  well , leave him to it , i say . 
  such people 's belief systems are n't even coherent when taken by their own merit , it 's no use arguing . 
  ha , it 's 26 degrees in hamburg , and a cool wind coming from the sea . 
  not too hot , not too cold . 
  just perfect . 
  was on vacation in cyprus once , man it 's hot near the coast . 
  you ca n't imagine how glad i was when i was at a higher altitude in the mountains . 
  he got that from the internet or was that belief widespread in german bars before my time ? 
  pumping money in an economy that suffers from structural problems is n't creating growth , it 's just gon na make corrupt officials and their banks happy . 
  anyway , there are good reasons to doubt keynesian claims of the government 's ability to create growth purely with money . 
  good governance , creditor 's trust in your government , unbureaucratic proceedings but the enforcement of existing rules , and reliable long term planning will create growth . 
  domestic demand is important but before you raise wages or pensions you got ta make sure you can pay them - because otherwise no one is better off - and that there is a market that could profit from higher demand ; and a market wo n't just magically appear without above mentioned reforms . 
  behaviour like this fundamentally erodes any trust there is between nations . 
  what 's more , in this case we 're talking about allies . 
  there 's no realistic scenario in which we 'll be in a war with the us or the uk anytime soon . 
  five eyes espionage then serves , as has been proven by now , merely economic or strategic interests , designed to give the spy an advantage over his victim . 
  go ahead with that , then . 
  but then also stop spouting nonsense about the so-called free world , because when you ca n't even bring yourself to * ask * your * allies * for super-important strategic data and allow for fair competition in economics then you do n't deserve to be called ally anymore . 
   germany was n't a sovereign state until 1991 de facto it obviously was and that 's all that matters, 
  just as beethoven was standing on others shoulders . 
  true , but since latin is n't used anymore except in the papal state ( and they speak church latin ) , i thought i had learnt to speak the latin of upper class romans . 
  actually , forget the `` speak '' . 
  we do n't learn to speak latin anymore so all we did was translate . 
  which is why i already lost most of my knowledge of it . 
  apparently my latin teacher failed me . 
  ah well , the difference is minor . 
  but that 's the correct pronunciation in latin . 
   what it still can be ftfy . 
  there 's always hope . 
  well , it 's a symphony after all . 
  and the other movements are great too . 
  it is united . 
  in opposing greece . 
  by and large , i beg to differ . 
  many shows on tv have touched on `` the other ( greek ) side '' . 
  documentaries on the crisis and the nature of debt in general aired on state broadcasters . 
  opinion pieces in many newspapers are nuanced and often in favor of greece . 
  people in tv debates are regularly speaking up against austerity . 
  you really overstate the amount of biased reporting there is . 
  but i guess it fits in nicely with the left-wing `` better informed than thou '' - attitude ... 
  then the french and spanish descend from german soldiers . 
  i 'm from northern germany and i do not at all understand a person from south bavaria or swabia speaking in the local dialect . 
  and i do n't even speak plattdeutsch ( low german ) , only standard german which in itself takes a lot from southern dialects . 
   it 's irrelevant what you claim to recall if this were a scientific debate and not some comment on reddit . 
  i did not lie . 
  that 's what i recall . 
  but you 'd do well to mistrust stuff on the internet for the very same reason . 
  i do it all the time .
