  yes , that is the french name . 
  it is not a nazi anthem , but it has been abused by the nazis . 
  especially the first stanzas evoke uncomfortable memories today . 
  however , the third stanza does not do this at all , in fact it is very popular and many germans know it completely by heart - which is not true for all italians or french . 
  although , fine , their anthems being longer might have something to do with it , 
  are you honestly comparing the 1871 annexation with the flight and expulsions in 1945 and after ? 
  it made sense to require people living in german territory to accept german citizenship . 
  go and read up on what france did after ww1 ( the exact same thing ) . 
  german culture is what defines being german , not being part of a state ( germany was only unified in 1871 - does that mean germans did not exist before ? ), 
  where did you get that from ? 
   the name petite-france ( `` little france '' ) was not given for patriotic or architectural reasons . 
  it comes from the `` hospice of the syphilitic '' ( hospice des v\u00e9rol\u00e9s , in french ) , which was built in the late fifteenth century on this island , to cure persons with syphilis , then called franzosenkrankheit ( `` french disease '' ) in german, 
  looks more like flammekueche , a regional speciality ( in baden as well ) . 
  according to legend , his adversary , the `` black prince '' edward was so impressed by his chivalrous death that he added john 's motto `` ich dien '' to the prince of wales ' badge . 
  that wo n't stop the russian ministry of truth . 
  for that ? 
  probably not , since that would not qualify as slander ( being based on facts ) . 
  but the thing is that in general human dignity is inviolable - literally inviolable , even if you are a criminal . 
  because it is part of the eu . 
   i would think that especially in the entire context of the b\u00f6hmermann case , you would come to the understanding that critizing the powerful needs to be protected even more than in most other cases that is why the court only ruled parts of the poem illegal . 
  the rest is has been left untouched even though erdogan wanted to forbid all of it . 
   even when the means are very much distasteful . 
  that is where i disagree . 
  assuming a political office significantly weakens the degree to which one 's dignity and honour are protected , but it does not completely remove protection . 
  you might disagree with it , but a person 's dignity and honour are protected in germany and this applies to everyone , including the turkish president . 
  yes , especially since freedom of speech is not part of german law , at least not in the sense it is used in the us . 
  in germany there is , thank god . 
  edit : it seems like dutch law also forbids libel and slander ... https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/belediging https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/smaad_ ( nederland ) is that pathetic as well ? 
  between 2010 and 15 it was only region without a left government and traditionally it was among the most important regions for the front national . 
  one of the most conservative/reactionary french regions ? 
  not really . 
  the spd only a cdu clone ? 
  this is wrong on so many levels . 
  sure , the snp is pro-independence and the governing party . 
  i do not blame them for following their party platform . 
  but i seriously doubt they 'd have actually called for another one without brexit . 
  which currency would scotland use ? 
  keeping the british pound will probably not be possible . 
  because the brexit vote altered the situation to such a degree as to warrant a second referendum . 
  without it , i 'd have agreed with you to give it at least another 20 years . 
  yes , but especially contrasted with slovakia it is surprising !, 
  to be honest , this is a non-issue . 
  no eu-negotiator will state he wishes to `` punish '' britain . 
  hard stances during the negotiations can simply be written off as necessary to defend the union 's vital interests . 
  i suspect this is simply a publicity stunt by mr. kacynski . 
  trade agreements are a competency of the eu anyway . 
  southeast poland ? 
  upper bavaria up to the danube was in raetia / noricum . 
  even though it was not part of germania superior ? 
  it is more like the romans came into our lands , not the other way around . 
  bannon just tells him it 's an executive order he has to read out loud . 
  i offer my earnest apologies and will henceforth never write a quip without marking it properly with a / s, 
  yes , i was being sarcastic  it is funny to see some dutch raging in the youtube comments though . 
  it has apparently been lost on them that all of this is inspired by and coordinated with the dutch show . 
  did you even make a video ? 
  better hurry up now , germany 's has been out for quite some time now ... 
  way to make me homesick . 
  agreed . 
  the ecb pursues its own monetary policy . 
  the german government has no way of dictating draghi policy decisions . 
  the covers are meant to provoke ( and thus sell !, 
  ) , yes . 
  but the content is still of high quality ; and they often do long , investigative stories . 
  i admit it . 
  what is wrong with trade again ? 
  this reminds me that i have some very tasty greek olives stored somewhere . 
  you know what ? 
  you are german , you can make up your own mind on this . 
  there is no reason to post provocative comments on an english-speaking website . 
  what is a `` natural '' eu member ? 
  especially flanders had a pre-industrial manufacturing tradition in textiles and citizens with sufficient venture capital , so it is no wonder belgium industrialised so successfully . 
   2 % of the population of the united kingdom died ~ ~ for peace in europe ~ ~ for nothing, 
  read that wrong . 
  as far as i know , the eu is able to use sanctions against countries breaking the treaties . 
  that should be enough for the time being . 
   if this is n't an argument for federalization , i do n't know what is . 
  no , it is better if nation states control the eu ; and the eu controls the nation states . 
  meaning i am in favour of the eu acting in this case , but not of federalisation . 
  is n't that commonly known in france ? 
  as far as i can tell most discussion of germany in france revolves around our l\u00e4nder and federalism and how they compare with the french central government . 
  then do n't post a link to it . 
  mercantilism has been discredited since the 18th century and even before the leading mercantilist power was france . 
  well , both were german . 
  you will never hear `` polish death camp '' from me . 
   indeed , liberalism worked fine , till some people took the ideas of liberalism and turned it into a new kind of fascism emperordragnea , 01/29/2017, 
   because as far as i know from 600ad there are only wars with muslim nations your knowledge is not very impressive . 
   what values yeah , what values ? 
  what values have always been in place in europe since 600ad ? 
  let us see if you will remember them as well once she utterly fails . 
  oh it most definitely stands , it is just the case that you do n't have to be a king to build palaces and castles . 
  in fact most such buildings were not built by kings , i 'd wager . 
  the point being made was that germany had many different kings while in fact they were only a few different titles held by the same person . 
  and burgundy and italy obviously are irrelevant when considering german castles . 
  how so ? 
  where in england could one find this style ? 
  oh , right . 
  it was n't really the hre at that point though . 
  it is the product of 19th century bavarian king ludwig ii . 
  's romanticist fantasies . 
  he was an avid builder of castles and spent huge amounts of money on them , even being ( controversially ) declared insane near the end of his life for defying everyone advising against it .
