  no politician wants to commit political suicide when he can just spend more money . 
  eventually a new crisis will come but he wo n't have to deal with it . 
   who would have thought the greeks where lazy , and the italians corrupt 20 years ago ? 
  certainly not less people than today . 
  as to the rest of your drivel : it 's barely connected to the concept of currency union at best and completely disconnected at worst . 
  most of the problems you describe are hardly the euro 's fault and most are the result of several factors . 
  but it 's better to just blame it on the euro , right ? 
  of course there 's confirmation bias in reddit . 
  it 's to be expected that comments not reflective of majority opinion will be ignored/downvoted . 
  the fact that downvotes can bury a comment and are an incentive for the poster to take it down means majority opinion get 's reinforced on reddit . 
  it 's not an issue restricted to this sub . 
  but this does n't mean this sub is an anti-greece circle-jerk . 
  i think it 's safe to say that the pro-greek demographic is ** very ** small , on reddit and in real life . 
  vote count here is merely reflective of reality and i 've still seen decent conversations here , despite the obstacles . 
  one thing i know for sure though : unproductive whining is n't going to help anyone . 
  we mostly agree . 
   do what will work . 
  do what is pragmatic and leads to less harm . 
  not what greece did . 
  it seems to me people who 'd rather whine about how discussion is impossible than starting one are the reason there is a lack of debate . 
  but do go on . 
   i bet you think the congo can just pull itself up by its bootstraps . 
  and that nothing there is at all the fault of the colonial administration . 
  the fact that in the 70s greece decided to spend money it did n't earn has nothing to do with a famine they experienced after ww2 . 
   shh , you 're ruining the circlejerk . 
  can you people stop with that ? 
  people constantly write pro-greek , pro-syriza comments and they do get upvoted . 
  pretending you 're bullied does n't increase the validity of your arguments . 
  edit : funny how the downvotes just prove my point . 
  [ the postillon did this ages ago ] ( http://www.der-postillon.com/2011/02/griechenland-besanftigt-europaische.html?m=1 ), 
   wrong . 
  debt was under control until 2007 . 
  they managed to pay interest because of the cheap money they got at the markets . 
  the debt was unsustainable before 2008 , it did n't just magically appear . 
  being able to pay interest with money you would normally have no access to and only because you lied about a good part of it , is not indicative of sustainable debt . 
   irresponsible , overleveraged banks had to bailed out and caused a crisis : that gave a sudden shock yes , and greece got hit the hardest , i wonder why that might be . 
  surely not because of it 's * pile of unsustainable debt , inflated standard of living and lack of comprehensive reform of it 's institutions . 
  * playing the `` greeks are innocent , the banks ( and only the banks ! ), 
  are at fault '' card gets boring . 
   the eurozone refused to provide emergency liquidity to its financing operations for two years . 
  why is it the fault of the greeks that the eurozone did n't function properly ? 
  i talked about what greece wants , not what it got . 
  not that the `` loans '' are anything but free money . 
  greece is not at fault for causing the bank crisis . 
  but it is definitely at fault for it 's own sovereign debt crisis . 
   i do n't know what is more appalling : that you think that the greek situation in the last 5 years and counting is painless , or that you actually want to make them suffer ? 
  syriza fans apparently want this to be accepted by europe : * country spends unsustainable amounts of money , inflates it 's standard of living massively and does not commit to comprehensive reform of it 's institutions . 
  -  then bad stuff happens , expenses have to be cut -  inflated standard of living goes down -  country figures when it cries loud enough and refuses to uphold it 's international obligations & behaves like a 3 year old in negotiations , it will get free money from other people * . 
  that 's what this `` we need a new marshal plan '' talk is all about ) . 
  if you allow this to happen , you 're endorsing above behavior . 
  no one wants to inflict pain on individual greeks . 
  but the state as a whole has to suffer the consequences of it 's actions . 
  considering the amount of money involved when talking about greece , this seems small . 
  in the cases i think of , it is unlikely the journalist suffered for it and do n't forget that whatever is published needs the editor 's approval first . 
  the outlet probably also was n't driven by financial concern ( unlikely the greek government would have bribed them ) . 
  see , i fully understand where you 're getting at and i do understand the theory and think it describes parts of the pressure resting on western media very well . 
  but i read two to three printed outlets on a regular basis and much more online and i really do n't consider myself ill-informed or the victim of propaganda . 
  the distinction between real and financial economy is to recognize the difference between the monetary sector and the rest of the economy . 
  the financial sector behaves differently in a lot of ways which justifies the terms . 
  neither are perfect , and the situation in the us especially is grim . 
  but there 's a difference between the western `` filters '' which basically are a consequence of a system in which media have to be profit-oriented to survive , and totalitarian regimes in which the media is state-run and state-dominated or at least has to support the government to survive . 
  i dislike calling the former `` propaganda '' when it really only is a more or less strong bias that may or may not be present in journalists minds . 
  i could name numerous instances of reporting where the opinion stated would even be disadvantageous to the outlets ( financial ) interests . 
  it 's far , far better than in totalitarian states , to the point where equating both forms of `` propaganda '' is ridiculous . 
  while that theory has some merit to it , the western media is not centrally organized and influenced . 
  most of it is through self censuring , the worst that can happen to you is a lack of funding . 
  in russia you can get killed for reporting independently . 
  i do not doubt the truth of that , but germany arguably had a better bureaucracy to build on . 
  just saying that while greece needs a debt relief , it wo n't be enough . 
   what the actual fuck great argument . 
  as it happens , that is the truth . 
  it 's not the same as in mainland china . 
  also have n't heard about that german government official supposedly supporting asylum for snowden in a while . 
  what do you think , maybe you should read a bit on the issue and stop swallowing what your government tells you , hm ? 
   so you 've just declared the us your enemy and you seek to aid it 's enemies . 
  okay , i 'm done . 
  obviously no interest in an actual debate here . 
  he went to hong kong because the political freedom there is greater thsn in the us and he had realistic hopes he would n't be turned over to us authorities . 
  russia was intended as a transit country , he asked for asylum in numerous other countries . 
  i 'm sick of this by now . 
  the entire intelligence apparatus of multiple countries did not manage to produce a shred of evidence supporting the claim he released information to foreign services apart from the one disclosed by the media . 
  on the other hand , the information released includes evidence of deeply concerning mass surveillance programs orchestrated by authorities not accountable to the public or the law of their nations . 
  this is not about the person of snowden , but about a much bigger issue , one that concerns everyone on this planet . 
   ... you 'd best read up on what a committee does . 
  it gathers information on issues relevant to the parliament and presents them . 
  members of all parties take part in them . 
  it 's not a government position . 
  he 's not in the ruling party . 
  i want to give him asylum so he does n't have to stay in bloody russia . 
  there 's no proof that anything snowden disclosed has harmed us agents . 
  there were some accusations by nsa & co. , all of them being unsupported by evidence . 
  you can be sure if they had proof they would 've shown it by now . 
  if anything , the us public should be grateful for revealing the all-on assault on the constitution committed by us services . 
  and , as polls show , a majority do , with even obama saying the debate is important and that the nsa has gone too far . 
  by the way , the man did n't want to end up in moscow , the us government made sure he had to stay there by revoking his statehood without a proceeding . 
  we mostly agree . 
  a couple of things though : * greece still needed to balance it 's budget . 
  long-term growth is unsustainable otherwise * the troika 's demands were one-sided , true , but lots and lots of greece 's problems come from unsustainable structural deficits . 
  they adressed many of those though , so right now that 's not the most pressing issue . 
  * good governance and effective state are what has n't been adressed and what greece needs most right now .
