  lack of investment , lower wages , aversion to taking risks , smaller markets , the fact that the internet got big in the us first . 
  hitler was not exactly democratically elected , at best semi-democratically . 
  also , let us not pretend a vote for hitler in 1933 was a vote for war and genocide . 
  and what is the point of your comment ? 
  the people did n't deserve misery and death , which is in line with my original statement . 
  the people in the town did n't . 
  that said , i do not defend that comment on communism . 
   need to do much more than handle foreign and military policy . 
  fields among the very essence of sovereignty . 
  we 're talking about war declarations here if push comes to shove . 
  such momentous decisions can not be made by the eu right now . 
  it is good that the member states try to cooperate and speak with one voice on a global stage - and the eu is a great forum for that - but the focus lies on the member states . 
  interesting , you really feel as close to people from venezia as to someone from le havre ? 
  it really is not uncommon to do that . 
  for example , i am not exactly happy with angela merkels decisions at the end of 2015 but on this sub i end up defending her more often than not . 
  well , that is a fair opinion . 
  but i disagree . 
  the current eu is , by and large , still based on intergovernmental cooperation . 
  the member states are sovereign , they merely chose to give up parts of their sovereignty to a higher level , but with the option to take it back at any time . 
  if we were to create a european state , this would change . 
  states like norway have chosen to adhere to some of the eu 's legislation because it is the best deal for them . 
  they have not truly given up sovereignty and could stop doing so anytime . 
  the identity is the problem here . 
  should we succeed in creating a shared european identity while downgrading the current national identities to be regional and largely apolitical - like frisian or andalusian - then , and only then , will a european superstate be acceptable to europeans . 
  however , i seriously doubt a majority of europeans wants this . 
  a europe without nations is almost unthinkable , seeing as nationalism even originated here . 
  i certainly know that i do not wish to see the german nation state be abandoned . 
  i feel european , yes - but german first . 
  yes . 
  they would no longer be sovereign until they withdraw from the federation again . 
  for example , even if 90 % of irish representatives were to vote against a law , they could easily be overruled by other nations . 
  the only way to prevent such situations would be to grant every nation veto rights which would in turn render the process of decision making nearly impossible . 
  a european state is not what europeans want and i am convinced even considering it as a possible goal hampers european integration because it fosters euroscepticism , even scepticism towards integration and cooperation where it makes sense and is feasible without giving up on all national sovereignty . 
  i thought so . 
  children born of rape could realistically account for a large part of births in turkey ? 
  the reason i and many others believe farage to be `` bad '' , in your words , is not because he voices his opinion . 
  it is because we disagree with him , his opinions and his actions . 
  half a year is over and i 'm still annoyed at it . 
  more like what you were , this thread started with mozart after all . 
  he 's all over the place in this thread pushing his agenda , seems useless to argue . 
  you made it very clear that you do n't feel german ; and that is perfectly fine . 
  but in all honesty , your other statements are ridiculous - and simply wrong . 
  it 's feels over reals , is n't it ? 
  oh boy , you must have missed the point i 'm making here . 
  i will reiterate : i have not once stated that i believe post-1945 austrians to be germans . 
  no need to freak out , southern neighbours . 
  where did i say that today 's austrians are germans ? 
  ethnicity does n't mean a thing , what visible difference is there between czechs and germans for example ? 
  not to mention that many citizens of germany have polish or czech ancestors as well . . 
  the language is the same . 
  there is a reason why we use one subreddit for example . 
   the first step to independence . 
  if you look at history as a linear series of events that inevitably lead up to today 's world ...  i 'm sure the austrians who were in an empire with east europe felt really german . 
  you mean like poles and ukrainians and romanians ? 
  no , of course they did not feel german . 
   the problem with germany was always that it was too german . 
  that 's why austria was never part of it . 
  parts of poland and france are just as `` german '' as austria . 
  i feel like this should make sense , but it does not . 
  in 1156 the duchy of austria was founded . 
  why is that so special ? 
  dozens of other feudal states existed in the empire as well . 
  the concept of germans predates 1871 and always included austria , until you convinced yourself otherwise after ww2 ( with the allies helping out ) . 
  germany being a nation state will obviously `` appropriate '' all things and people german . 
  they 're not robbed of anything , one can be austrian and german , saxon and german etc. 
  in 1866 , yes . 
  but goethe was long dead by then . 
  i have absolutely no connection to the topic at hand . 
  the person who designed them has . 
  i do n't feel there is more to say . 
  that was at least related to the logos in question . 
   goethe was german and ( i think prussian ? ), 
  from frankfurt , living in thuringia later . 
  i do n't know why you feel the need to point this out . 
  it is rather obvious after all ; and op just talked about one individual . 
  it is much more efficient than typing two characters . 
  and , as the graphic shows , we are all about efficiency . 
  is that the trajan font ? 
  nice . 
  i agree . 
  i would not compare churchill to hitler either ( only to dismiss it ) . 
  i am not actually arguing in favor of the book in question . 
   i agree with the first part , not with the second . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/not-his-finest-hour-the-dark-side-of-winston-churchill-2118317.html  many of his colleagues thought churchill was driven by a deep loathing of democracy for anyone other than the british and a tiny clique of supposedly superior races . 
  this was clearest in his attitude to india . 
  when mahatma gandhi launched his campaign of peaceful resistance , churchill raged that he `` ought to be lain bound hand and foot at the gates of delhi , and then trampled on by an enormous elephant with the new viceroy seated on its back . '', 
  as the resistance swelled , he announced : `` i hate indians . 
  they are a beastly people with a beastly religion . '', 
  this hatred killed . 
  to give just one , major , example , in 1943 a famine broke out in bengal , caused -- as the nobel prize-winning economist amartya sen has proved -- by the imperial policies of the british . 
  up to 3 million people starved to death while british officials begged churchill to direct food supplies to the region . 
  he bluntly refused . 
  he raged that it was their own fault for `` breeding like rabbits '' . 
  at other times , he said the plague was `` merrily '' culling the population . 
   skeletal , half-dead people were streaming into the cities and dying on the streets , but churchill -- to the astonishment of his staff -- had only jeers for them . 
  this rather undermines the claims that churchill 's imperialism was motivated only by an altruistic desire to elevate the putatively lower races . 
  that is why i wrote `` at least '' , we do n't know how many might still have died with help . 
   it 's not surprising that britian pursued it 's own interests at the expense of te colonies . 
  this is downplaying to me . 
  it is also wrong since those shipments from australia were not vital to britain at the time .
