  the most glaring example i can think of right now would be the legally enshrined right of asylum in germany . 
  this was done in the aftermath of the second world war , when political refugees and jews were sometimes turned down and refused entry by several countries to then go on and die in the gas chambers . 
  this is also the reason that every asylum seeker 's claim has to be given due process . 
  but it is obvious that this is at times abused and that unlimited admission of migrants is neither economically nor culturally feasible . 
  so we end up in situations were we have to decide : our values and ( diplomatic ) reputation ? 
  at what cost ? 
  what are we willing to sacrifice and what is too much ? 
  but it is unfair to bring this up here , because this is something that can only be decided case by case - if at all . 
  i merely state that we might be unable to find solutions that honour both values and are practical . 
   although nazi germany was not stopped for comitting genocide , this is probably the only clear cut case when foreign intervention is pretty much mandated . 
  yet , the rwandan genocide went unstopped until it was almost over with . 
  the genocide in bangladesh saw intervention by india . 
    to me , it is clear that foreign intervention is only necessary when there is oil to be gained , or if it fits other geostrategic objectives . 
  you are pointing out hypocrisy in our foreign policy , and there definitely is lots of it . 
  i agree here , but what should be the conclusion we draw ? 
  should we stop all interventions and declare national sovereignty sacrosanct ? 
  or should we begin to intervene everywhere we possibly can . 
  the united nations is a flawed institution , but if there is an answer i think it is there . 
  i 'd definitely like to see less nato interventions and a more potent , independent and consistent un which actually rebuilds after intervening . 
  it has already gathered lots of experience with this . 
  i think abstaining instead of voting no is normal with unsc resolutions . 
  for the final paragraph , let me return to the migrant crisis . 
  i want to emphasise that i am with you on what the best cause of action would be - you described it fairly well already !, 
  - but i am hesitant on whether our southern neighbours would readily agree to it . 
   an easy way to prove this would be to prove where that ship is registered , the citizenship of the bands of smugglers that organise the transport the problem here is that migration is n't as straightforward as this . 
  often the human traffickers leave the overcrowded boats early or do n't even enter them at all . 
  they inform the coast guard of the boat 's position and then instruct the migrants to deliberately sink it , thereby making their rescue compulsory for europe 's navies ( actually any ship in proximity ) . 
  ** so there are no travel documents you can check ; and neither are these ships registered . 
  ** tunisia would not take in such people . 
   regarding countries like syria and lybia : europe must first understand that these places have become unstable because of western/european intervention a general claim like that is unfair . 
  germany for example did in no way intervene in lybia or participate in the iraq war . 
  and let 's not pretend that the gaddafi regime , an active sponsor of terrorism , was a beacon of stability . 
  i agree however , that the intervention in lybia was awfully executed and thought-through . 
  also , at some point we need to recognise that our western values are hollow if we do n't apply them to everyone . 
  is a nation 's sovereignty sacrosanct in all cases ? 
  even if that nation commits horrific crimes against humanity ? 
  the obvious example here being nazi germany . 
  it is a question that is not easily answerable . 
  in any case , some western nations did intervene in lybia - and now there is civil war . 
  we ca n't make it undone . 
  if a solution is to be found , it will have to recognize this fact . 
  by the way , i appreciate your comprehensive response and found myself agreeing with a good number of your points - which i have n't adressed here , for that reason . 
  you correctly state that morocco would never accept all migrants heading to europe . 
  so we need more countries for these agreements . 
  but which ? 
  lybia and syria for example are in complete chaos . 
  they will be gateways for migrants even if we get algeria , tunisia , egypt and turkey to accept these terms ( meaning they 'd have to guard every single one of their beaches ) . 
  again , which ? 
  which country would take on the burden of housing and feeding millions of migrants , anger its own population ( we 're talking about often already unstable regimes ) for a bit of eu money which is often not even needed since many states in africa are actually growing economies ? 
  and the choice is quite limited geographically if you do n't want to send people down to botswana or mozambique . 
  technically - if you 're counting from iceland . 
  but the migrants would be taken in around greece and italy . 
   there are plenty of countries that rely heavily on western aid . 
  including many countries that are the sources of these migrants . 
      the african migrants that are routinely fished out of the mediterranean are n't even capable of making the journey to italy . 
  they sail 15 km off the libyan coast , and then they put out a distress call . 
  when the italian coast guard sails into view , they deliberately sink their vessels and force the italians to rescue them . 
  the italian coast guard is nothing more than a taxi service for illegal immigrants . 
  tell me something i do n't know . 
   if , instead of being taxied to europe , these migrants were housed in overseas detention centers on the african coast , the incentive to make the journey would be dramatically reduced . 
  which countries ? 
  that was exactly what my previous comment was asking . 
  would you care to explain what the treaty says ? 
  i do n't speak spanish . 
  i guess it is about a spanish-moroccan agreement on regulating migration , but i fail to see how that could apply europe-wide for now , i doubt morocco would love to host potentially millions of migrants that are relocated from greece and italy . 
  ... which only work because australia is an island and has agreements with microstates who desperately need its money . 
  europe is far easier to reach and has no willing satellite states that would like to house millions of migrants . 
  tell me how you would `` use the same practices as australia '' considering these differences . 
  you 're talking crazy . 
  we obviously wo n't come on foot , but that does n't mean we wo n't use broomsticks . 
  here , look at these soldiers from the [ 21st airborne ( broomstick ) brigade ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8parplt.jpg ) testing their newly issued vehicles . 
  good trolling . 
  that was never true , not even in antiquity . 
  people conquered by the romans might have assimilated , but not all of them did ( the welsh , for example , did n't ) and later you have romanians and slovaks living in the hungarian kingdom , or sorbs in germany or the finns in sweden . 
  no , they were n't - or did the poles all magically become russian in the 19th century ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
  i 'm afraid you need to elaborate if you want me to understand . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  i forgot for a moment that modern russia and the soviet union are hugely different in their values and ideology . 
  german as in germans living there , obviously . 
  even though gdansk or danzig was a german city for the most part of its history , there always was a close connection to poland , being its most important harbour . 
  but there is no such connection between russians and k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  so the past had to be completely erased . 
  a wikipedia article does n't prove anything - the german wiki for example says this :  in german linguistics , bavarian means a collection of non-standardised variants in the south east of the upper german sprachraum , which are part of a continental west germanic dialect continuum and considered part of the german sprachraum . 
  it is actually normal that languages diverge when you move from one region to another , and german is not an exception . 
  i can often understand speakers of bavarian , and i am from northern germany . 
  for people from franconia , it is even easier . 
  i 'm impressed . 
   french did n't destroy breton it did . 
  a language that is not spoken , is `` destroyed '' . 
   german did n't destroy bavarian there is no bavarian language . 
  well , you did quite well . 
  the context of the quote itself disproves that . 
   as a linguist , i find it interesting that the list is dominated by countries where a germanic language is spoken . 
  do you think this is a coincidence ? 
  certainly not . 
  germanic best languge family !, 
  what happened to `` making the world safe for democracy '' ? 
   we should use the money , resource and efforts on actually enforcing the outer borders instead of outsourcing the dirty work how ? 
  if we drastically increase patrols in the mediterranean , we might be able to find more migrants , yes .
