  i know a teacher who moved to hamburg from leipzig for example , and an engineer who went to konstanz in the early 90s . 
  i trust the osze mission to the war zones more than some youtube channel or russian state media . 
  i think it is largely fair . 
  however , our laws regarding this have been critisised as being too convoluted and complicated . 
  especially the spd proposes to develop a single , cleaned-up immigration law with a point system largely modeled on canada 's . 
  especially the right opposes this , as it would imply an admission that germany is a country of immigrants like the u.s. ( or canada ) . 
  in northern germany , many villages still feature brick architecture prominently . 
  usually there will be a church like [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eq2dr0g.jpg ) in the village centre , which will in return usually look something [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u4efce1.jpg ) . 
  the outskirts ( and really small villages ) are mostly built like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/slyycsj.png ) . 
  these buildings are usually part of farms . 
  larger settlements , however , can feature a small [ industrial area ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ue3gxdq.jpg ) ( `` park '' ) as well . 
   well , yeah , provincial belarus definitely looks much better than russia . 
  why do you think that is the case ? 
  the fact that states have different opinions on it . 
  they 're sooo gay . 
  or to people willing to work hard in order to study what they want . 
  we need a sub for questions about germany . 
  there are still several gigantic flakt\u00fcrme in hamburg , [ this one ] ( https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:flakturm_wilhelmsburg.jpg#mw-jump-to-license ) for example . 
  they are mostly turks who have been living there for a long time . 
  and turks are still more secular and nationalistic than arabs . 
  you swiss seem to be very pick when it comes to answering questions :p, 
  why does one even need a special holiday for the military ? 
  those participating in it did so voluntarily , do they require flattery as well ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  of course we very much honour those fallen in action , but that 's another thing entirely . 
  yep . 
  i usually do n't like to see him credited with the code civil , because it just was n't his work . 
  and then he reinstated slavery in france , so his liberalism obviously did n't go very far . 
  i know , i meant the same thing . 
  as i said , in my experience he is n't liked by most people here . 
  of course that experience might not be the same for you or others . 
  it is still relevant , as this thread is about the opinion of other countries on a * well liked * historical figure . 
  my point is that bismarck just is n't that well liked here in germany . 
  most people do n't seem to care a lot , he is more ignored than celebrated . 
  in germany he is , i think . 
  it was a drop in the bucket compared to what he actually was , a tyrant , warmonger , foreign invader and a dictator with an inflated ego . 
  also , napoleon did n't write it or initiate the proces , he just took credit . 
  most people from the south west i talked to seemed to think differently . 
  yes , because we were united in hate of him . 
  i was going to choose him , but i believe today he is seen in a neutral light so he does n't really fit the bill anymore . 
  he is not well regarded at all in germany . 
  considering he has little to no powers , why not ? 
  actually our chancellor is elected indirectly as well . 
  the german president is elected every five years . 
   why not have a monarch ? 
  i think the better question would be `` why have a monarch ? '' . 
  heads of state , whether monarchs or presidents , represent the country and its people . 
  difference is that monarchy is a fundamentally unjust and illegitimate form of government that should not be expanded again . 
  so really , why have a monarch when one can have an elected head of state ? 
  apparently its educator or nurturer though `` erzieher '' do work in kindergarten , right ? 
  kindergarteners actually :p, 
  as well as engineers , teachers , doctors and judges and public prosecutors . 
  and there 's the saying `` b\u00f6hmen am meer '' - `` bohemia by the sea '' in german literature , meaning an ( impossible ) utopia as bohemia is obviously a central european country as far away from the sea as it gets . 
  dutch accents are cute . 
  no , americans do n't really . 
  in freiburg , germany . 
  stop trying to connect these entirely separate issues . 
  and please do provide some reasons as to why anyone should believe your statement . 
  scotus justices have to be chosen with consent of the senate though . 
  brittany is undeveloped ? 
  why the low unemployment rate then ? 
  how do you call the resulting mixture ? 
  you messed up the link , but honestly seeing a blank page made your argument more compelling . 
  if there are still free seats it probably is a technical error - you should contact the website staff . 
   is there really no , i do n't know what word to use , not pride but some ... 
  i do n't know , sense of ` belonging ' , maybe to what used to be the ddr ? 
  yes , definitely . 
  it just comes with being in a different state for so long . 
  for example there were fixed prices in the ddr and after 1989 when people from there came to the west they felt ripped off at discovering that the same wares are sold for different prices . 
  austrasie sounds pretty cool , yes . 
  maybe the alsacians did n't like it ? 
  judging from the map , they were n't part of it back then . 
  exactly three , like the beautiful dragon queen i am . 
  that 's some very interesting information , thanks !, 
  while our northernmost state advertises itself as the `` true north '' i think most people will consider any state with a coastline as northern , which is an option not available for you of course . 
   apart from that i do n't believe there 's a great controversy on what constitutes north germany . 
  bavarians jokingly refer to everyone apart from them as `` prussians '' but not as northerners . 
  the controversy over what is east and west is far greater here , with thuringians disliking the term especially ( parts of bavaria are much further east than thuringia ) and even saxons and brandenburgers sometimes point to the pre-war borders of germany in order to show that they 're actually `` central german '' . 
  i guess it is because of the stigma associated with `` east '' . 
   ca n't believe eastern people went for that lame ass name ` grand-est ' ... but i digress . 
  so when i hear someone speak of `` la nord de la france '' , usually nord-pas-de-calais will be meant ? 
  are there any stereotypes relating to britanny or normandy ? 
  would `` northern france '' include normandy and britanny ? 
  or do you mostly mean lille , calais etc. 
   take thousands of refugees oh boy , i wish we had taken just thousands in . 
  sometimes i envy the british for their channel . 
  what 's also important is that many people either think of most as economic migrants and that even `` actual '' refugees crossing ten + safe countries to reach europe are no longer deserving of asylum . 
  that is impossible to say . 
  yup , the us is shat on a bit too much here in my opinion . 
  r/europe is guilty of it too . 
  i believe it 's due to reddit being so full of americans europeans are a bit sick of it and let it out here . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  not during probation period of course . 
  that 's what the american media makes them out to be ? 
  is n't a thing here . 
  well , r/europemeta is meant for such threads . 
  but personally , i 've never considered turkey to be european . 
  i also do n't think that precludes posting about turkey in r/europe and i also do n't believe this lessens turkey in any way . 
  you 're not better or worse off by being located in europe . 
  be careful not to make the mistake to view europe with rose-coloured glasses .
