  let us add some bach . 
  [ jesu bleibet meine freude ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9en27zh_vg ), 
  i do n't know , munich seems to be doing pretty well . 
  now , at risk of sounding butthurt ( which i totally am ) , i will go out on a limp and say that - considering you only mentioned ww2 and beer gardens , which is more akin to what i 'd imagine the average american to know of us - you do n't really know germany all that well . 
  so maybe give it another try sometime ? 
  if you just want to travel : why would you need a work visa ? 
  hamon or fillon are both acceptable . 
  le pen will mean a very radical change . 
  something i want to emphasise : try to study abroad , if possible for at least two semesters . 
  just to see if it is the right choice for you . 
  you do n't want to end up completely overwhelmed once you start to work here . 
  also , a study visa is easier to get than a work visa . 
  you wanted ski resorts , mountains , catholicism , conservatism and a simpler life ; and you do n't mind if it is poor . 
  it is the perfect spot . 
  so you can not give any evidence , got it . 
  i fail to see where it is mentioned that he self-identified as polish . 
  really ? 
  where did he write that he saw himself as polish ? 
  that is why i do n't understand the polish wikipedia 's choice . 
  the german wiki also does n't specify his nationality but mentions arguments that indicate his mother tongue would likely have been german . 
  he is part of the [ walhalla ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walhalla_memorial ) . 
  we still have zeiger though , which means the hand of a watch . 
  i 'd be glad if tunisia becomes a proper democracy , but the eu is about europe . 
  we also have to consider that nuclear power is still generated by using natural resources that will not be available forever . 
  and they are controlled by countries i 'd rather not rely on too much . 
  we did adapt that word , too . 
  but as `` tschau '' . 
  `` tsch\u00fcs '' is informal for `` goodbye '' in german , but it comes from wallonian adjuus , cognate with french adieu and spanish adi\u00f3s . 
  ultimately it means to commend oneself to god and stems from latin . 
  funny thing is that we have that exact same phrase in german as well : `` gott befohlen ! '', 
  thanks for the information and you are right , the provisions are relatively similar !, 
  i would say though - just from skimming the text - that the finish constitution guarantees human dignity while the basic law simply records that it exists and is inviolable , as if it were an indisputable fact . 
  and i 'd also add that the provisions from the first two sentences are placed before the one you highlighted while they are only located in art . 
  20 german basic law . 
  fair enough , i read it as if op was mostly looking for small curiosities . 
  the fact that it is not an indo-european language , like almost every other european language is . 
  well yeah , how does `` odd '' have a negative connotation ? 
  i would not say it is the `` oddest '' , but it is certainly very odd . 
  to my knowledge it is extremely uncommon for a country to include a guarantee of * human * rights ( not just * civil * rights ) in its constitution , let alone place it in the very first sentence of the very first article . 
  it is very odd . 
  that it begins with `` human dignity shall be inviolable '' . 
   have n't integrated at all that is not true , it is simply the case that those that do integrate do it to the point of assimilating and are therefore no longer part of gypsy communities . 
  slippery slope fallacy . 
  countries are always free to vote against a new quota agreement . 
  very good article , i have n't found anything wrong with it . 
  the people interviewed are very good choices too . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know what drove the madman proposing that . 
  mixed to negative , i 'd say . 
  but mostly people do n't care . 
  barbarossa is n't famous because of the crusades but because he brought stability to the empire again . 
  [ the crusades helped cause the high point of religious antisemitism in the middle ages . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhineland_massacres ), 
  either go full in or do n't do it at all , i 'd say . 
  and i am very happy with * schwarz-rot-gold * as our flag . 
  yeah , that works too . 
  though i was thinking of just having the flag be red with the lion in the middle . 
  what do you think of using the [ bohemian lion ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vk47m ) ? 
  germany has the best possible flag right now , but [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/d4o0j ) one is at least somewhat acceptable . 
  favorite slavic country along with the czech republic . 
  if op wants to see castles at a cheap price , he should go to saxony-anhalt , thuringia or saxony . 
  it 's underrated compared to bavaria and the rhine valley . 
  so would you say none of this applies to northern italy ? 
  then what would be some traditional northern customs or features ? 
   that has nothing to do with socialism . 
  conservative states like germany are also welfare states would you really say that germany is a conservative country ? 
  i have gained the impression scotland largely managed to overcome that attitude . 
  i have to say though that i initially thought the term referred to scots displaying heritage in an obnoxious and ignorant way , for example by reducing scottish culture to kilts and tartans , both relatively recent inventions . 
  the accent french have when speaking english ? 
  maybe jersey or guernsey :d, 
  only thing i can offer is that they still have blood feuds going on . 
  it is hard to deny that the idea of `` the continent '' as a separate entity from ol' blighty is still very much prevalent among brits though . 
  well , there is a gap in germany as well . 
  the thing is , though : how often are people with university degrees more knowledgeable in general ( i.e. 
  better informed , able to hold more nuanced conversations ) because they attended university and not because they are simply more interested in informing themselves beyond what their job requires of them ? 
  i think most often the latter is the case , and that means those who finished an apprenticeship instead of studying could do it too . 
  and i agree that such a measure would be a very grave violation of our civic freedoms and the situation would have to be very dire and not easily solved in different ways for it to be justified . 
  i agree completely , but i think free public schools should cover general knowledge . 
  universities provide , for all it 's worth , specialised knowledge in order to prepare for the job market . 
  that is true , such a measure only makes sense if there are jobs available within the field they studied for . 
  why though ? 
  it would be fair , especially training i.e. 
  medical students costs a lot . 
  if , after graduation , people really want to leave the country , you obviously should n't keep them . 
  but in that case they should reimburse the state that paid for their education . 
  a way to combat that would of course be to make it mandatory for graduates to work in their country for a certain number of years . 
  they did . 
  the us constitution for example was not written with blacks in mind but it provided a source of normative authority and inspiration for those who wanted to extend rights to all americans . 
  u/schwertritter , do you have german citizenship ? 
  if yes , you can most definitely have your name changed . 
  look it up [ here ] ( https://www.service-bw.de/leistung/-/sbw/namensaenderung+nach+dem+namensaenderungsgesetz+beantragen-764-leistung-0 ) one of the reasons given could apply in your case : `` the name causes considerable difficulties when writing or pronouncing it '', 
  do n't you mean wilhelm ii ? 
  yeah , but you can also buy it in normal form . 
   old general who did not have much of a political mind and got sucked into something that was way bigger than him while trying to salvage a fubar situation and which ended in collaboration with the nazis . 
  sounds a lot like hindenburg in a way . 
     are you sort of trying to fit liberalism and parliamentarianism into `` western values '' as some kind of needed core requirement ? 
  yes , that is exactly what i am thinking . 
  these are core western ideas . 
   i do n't think that quite works , because then there would have been no `` west '' ( outside of maybe britain and sweden , maybe an italian city state or two here and there ) in the 15th century . 
  which becomes rather weird when you think of it .
