  the point being ? 
  irrelevant , the idiot is n't even from germany . 
  just another trump troll . 
  those germans ( and poles , czechs , romanians etc. ), 
  were mostly evil economic migrants though . 
  obviously . 
  but we ca n't criticize russia annexing crimea if we disregard international law just as much as they do . 
  us actions before the iraq war certainly were a wonderful gift for russian propaganda and fueled anti-americanism everywhere , driving people into pro-russian populists ' arms . 
  such blatant disregard for international law and sovereignty seems like the easy way now but will come back to hurt us in the future . 
  territorial integrity is a concept that protects us as well . 
  land borders are not a huge problem , you can make them very resilient quite easily . 
  actually this talk of europe having no borders is idiotic at least as regards the land borders on the balkan and in the spanish exclaves in northern africa . 
  the real difficulty arises when it comes to borders at sea , it is harder to control them and if someone has to be rescued our coast guards have no choice but to bring them to europe . 
  they would have a choice if we had agreement with northern african states to bring them there , but they obviously also do n't want these people . 
  yes , one tribe of many , many others . 
  were does it say the `` gauls in france/spain were pretty much exterminated '' ? 
  well , no they were n't . 
  do n't know where you got that from . 
  eh , the very existence of vulgar latin and romance languages like french , spanish and romanian disproves that . 
  and boiorix !, 
  or ruined , depending on whom you ask . 
  roman influence definitely changed the character of the obscure jewish social revolutionary sect . 
  exactly , christianity as the state religion was more of a unifying force during the empire 's later days . 
  and constantine tolerated pagan practices almost completely , even though he himself was christian . 
  what makes the roman empire so interesting is the way the local populations in the regions it conquered changed and transformed their identity , accepting `` romanness '' but at the same time preserving their own traditions which would eventually lead to the formation of modern european nations . 
  yes . 
  it is a parody of * that sub * . 
  have you taken a look at it ? 
  why stop there ? 
  i demand independence for my part of town now . 
  i 'll be president and the border will be drawn right here , before my neighbors house , and he 'll pay up whenever he wants to go down the street . 
  it 'll be glorious !, 
  well , to me badener and w\u00fcrttemberger are all swabians/allemannen . 
  but are bavarians actually prejudiced against people from baden ? 
  what , prussian marches in the comments of an article relating to bavaria ? 
   for every german who is not a bavarian for every german north of the main , you mean - swabians get a pass . 
  i like it better here . 
   thanks to the eu , to all intents and purposes i am : not to the intents and purposes of a map showing foreign crime in germany . 
  he believes the eu is a government and that the people \u2122 are not represented by it , i guess . 
  which denial ? 
  who denied what ? 
  who are you responding to ? 
  and montmartre is not even representative for paris . 
  do n't you feel fucking bad for literaly making shit up ? 
  he never said anything like that . 
  grow some thicker skin . 
  right , the poles would have to steal them first . 
  turnout actually does matter . 
  if it falls below a certain threshold , many states do n't recognise the results . 
  germans and czechs have a very long shared history , not just the awful years 1938-45 . 
  and maybe nazi germany is seen as a different entity than modern germany as opposed to the third and fifth french republics ? 
  in any case , it is a map that should n't be taken seriously . 
  why do you think a continental authority is better suited to take care of your concerns than a smaller unit , like a national or regional government ? 
   if anything , a federation would enable for a coordinated plan as to how each region would work in the whole , to the maximum benefit of their inhabitants and the continent . 
  the current system just lacks this capability , so we have disjointed plans and squabbles . 
  i seriously do n't understand what you 're getting at here . 
  nah , it is just a joke . 
   we really should start arresting politicians that have been proven to steal from the public pool . 
  sorry to interrupt , but why is that impossible in poland ? 
  it is an important part of austrian identity to hate germany . 
  if you remove that , you are left with even funnier-speaking bavarians :p, 
  yes , it is interesting . 
  but i think these low ratings are more related to french politics - if the question had been about culture i suspect the results would have been very different . 
  the borders in this map are apparently drawn based on cultural spheres rather than sovereignty . 
  and especially before the peace of westphalia there is nothing wrong with representing the hre as one entity . 
  all the americans in this thread operate with their countries ' idea of left and right as monolithical categories . 
  but here , compromises and adapting to new realities is far more common . 
  i would n't be surprised if a left coalition more or less continues the current policies or even pursues more restrictive ones . 
  i bet there are some people actually thinking that . 
   or are people there really just french speaking germans today ? 
  yes in the sense that no one was deported en masse . 
  in 2012 , 76 % of inhabitants declared to have at least some knowledge of alsatian - which is pretty impressive considering the dominance of french language education , television and of course migration from other parts of france . 
  but at least in theory ethnicity is n't important in france - you are french if you identify with the values of the enlightenment and the revolution of 1789 . 
  it would be , if it were in any way relevant . 
  turkey does n't care about acting like that . 
   i propose we end this discussion . 
  just glancing over this shitshow of a `` discussion '' makes one wonder ... do you have too much time and too little tact on your hands ? 
  nothing but edgy one-liners , veiled insults and meaningless posturing . 
  yeah , better end it . 
  oh , that 's what you 're getting at . 
  if you do n't know what brot is on the other hand , you have no chance of finding out the meaning of br\u00f6tchen . 
  you would have slightly better chances with a compound like rundst\u00fcck ... 
  but in the end , it is a bit irrelevant , right ? 
  br\u00f6tchen is hochdeutsch and that is what everyone learns . 
  franzbr\u00f6tchens are for export . 
  and is n't rundst\u00fcck pretty damn descriptive ? 
  seems fine to me . 
  they just welcomed their countryman , nothing wrong with that . 
   the reason for wich we wanted s.t. 
  was defensive not etnic as i said - no claim at all . 
  i 'm not saying italy did n't want it . 
  venedig simply developed as the german form over time . 
  during the war , italy made an active , state-financed effort to completely invent artificial names with the aim of justifying its territorial ambitions . 
  well 1972 was only about 40 years ago . 
  but i agree , it should n't be discussed under every submission . 
  well , for starters : the annexation itself . 
  so laughably without any claim italy had to invent italian names for towns and geographic features ( looking at you , tolomei ) . 
  then banning german language education , forcing people to italianise their names etc. 
   they are pretty fine with their situation since 1972 ? 
  yes .
