  well , the poll posted by u/klauslebowski, 
  i believe most countries are behind spain in this and similar matters though . 
  fdp voters support it even less than cdu ones . 
  impressive for a * liberal * party . 
  no one really cared enough either way , with a majority apparently looking favourably on implementing it . 
  i do n't like antifa , but honestly you are not very convincing by calling them `` neo-nazis '' ... 
  but you attacked a position he did n't even argue for . 
  you 're fighting strawmen . 
  you are not addressing the point he made . 
  you effectively want to punish people for daring to rely on a completely legal , completely accepted system . 
  you ca n't just discount merkel 's statements yesterday in this matter , no matter how much you may love the cdu/csu , 
  but no cinnabon !, 
  http://arbitration-blog.eu/stockholm-court-rules-against-ukraine/ no decision because the whole point of arbitration courts is that the decision remains private and inaccessible to the wider public . 
  that ukraine has extracted transit gas meant for the eu is absolutely obvious . 
  while i understand that ukraine wants to assure gas supply for itself ( i.e. 
  pursue its interests ) this means that europe also has an interest in removing ukraine as an unreliable transit country and save the huge amounts of money spent on transit fees . 
  no deal then , sorry . 
  i 'm basing this on the results from the schleswig plebiscite . 
  give back tondern then . 
  which is a valid complaint . 
  an answer to that would , in my opinion be the common acquisition of gas by the eu for all its members , an energy union , if you will . 
  well , maybe it just evaporated while passing through ukraine . 
  all we know is that the gas meant for the eu did n't arrive here in multiple instances . 
  there is a decision by the stockholm court of international arbitration related to this where ukraine had to return illegaly extracted gas to russia . 
  why are you insisting on a court decision ? 
  which european court should that be ? 
  the ecj is not responsible , neither russia nor ukraine are in the eu . 
  the court of human rights ? 
  is not responsible in commercial litigation . 
  do you know what you are talking about ? 
  this is not about abolishing existing sanctions but about not supporting us attempts at strengthening its gas exports . 
  the german industry already lost considerable sums of money because of the existing sanctions . 
  when we do n't get it it is because it mysteriously vanishes on ukrainian territory . 
  and that problem is not exclusive to germany . 
  we buy gas from russia as it is . 
  with ns2 we can be sure to actually get it . 
  by the way , germany gets just about a third of its gas from russia . 
  [ you ask and you shall receive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia\u2013ukraine_gas_disputes ) i am by no means a friend of russia , but ukraine brought this on themselves . 
  we ca n't rely on them in this case . 
  ukraine should n't have stolen gas then if it wants its concerns taken into account in this case . 
  that would n't even be efficient in german though . 
  bergburg would suffice . 
  you should rename it in accordance to our glorious efficiency , something like castelmonte for example . 
  we had a poll a week ago or so ; and cdu was on fourth or fifth place , with linke , afd and fdp gathering more support . 
  really , r/de does n't support cdu or merkel fervently . 
   if a political party talks about being fiscally liberal then that 's precisely what comes to mind . 
  not to mine . 
  i thought the same as u/jammerlappen, 
  maybe partially it is . 
  but in general why should one fix a running system ? 
  americans were so happy with roosevelt they instituted term limits afterwards . 
  around 1900 , by the italian state . 
  but that was more renovation , with the goal of restoring the medieval appearance . 
  i take it you have no case then . 
  no , no . 
  you are the one making the outrageous claim , that justice is not served if money is at play on a large scale in germany . 
  you need to prove that , i do n't . 
  but go ahead and have a look at \u00a7 \u00a7 11 and 13 stvollzg for example . 
  you should rather make your case , as you are the one making claims . 
  what a creative name . 
  which members of our government are pretentious , religious persons , exactly ? 
  that he had certain privileges during his sentence had nothing to do with being rich . 
  because ... ? 
   yes , of course after all germany decides what is and is n't decided by eu . 
  simply wrong . 
  look up the voting rules for the council . 
  actually did n't !, 
  art and culture flows through a european 's veins , i was able to conclusively determine whether mona lisa is happy or sad at the age of two already . 
  i did n't say that , and neither did op . 
  seems pretty obvious to me , judging from the question mark at the end . 
  no need to deliberately misunderstand . 
  just pointing out the italian landscape to the left and the german gothic town to the right . 
  how do you know that ? 
  friedrich overbeck , the painter did want to express both heritage and friendship between these cultural spheres and their common wish for unity . 
  yes , but we 're still all hypocrites of course . 
  that is true , unfortunately the government is the actor making decisions . 
  i used `` complex '' not as in `` too advanced for your mental capacities '' but as in `` too convoluted '' . 
  you are not expecting me to discuss anything with that attitude , i hope . 
  our forests were cut down and burnt during the middle ages when environmental protection was unheard of ; and the importance of forests for the climate completely unknown . 
  but your country does this in 2017 . 
  to one of the last remaining primeval forests in europe . 
  you really want to follow through with this analogy ? 
  it does n't get its own money back though , as all eu countries contribute to the pool . 
  it might be fair to say 11,8 % of the $ 1,2 billion are its `` own '' money , since that is how much italy contributes to the eu budget . 
  it is pretty obvious that poland does n't really care a whole lot about its environment when economic considerations are in the way . 
  its coal industry alone shows that . 
  but i thought at least this forest might instill some respect . 
  apparently not . 
   keep it simple . 
  the current title is too complex for you ? 
  sorry , but `` solidarity '' is exactly what inspired this act by the eu . 
  it is not wrong to say that . 
  i loved that part . 
  `` hmm , what should my people be like in war ? 
  invincible , that sounds just about right . 
  moving on . '', 
  you should look at which dynasty they were from . 
  france did , too . 
  but in any case , he is n't even right as the u.k. and france both declared war on germany . 
  yes , yes , you should have invaded right away instead of waiting for poland to be annexed , but that was a ( giant ) tactical mistake not a symptom of `` lacking in bravery '' , whatever that means .
