  what are you even speaking about ? 
  fact is that many people migrating and fleeing to europe right now are coming from muslim majority countries . 
  if it were lithuanians fleeing , we 'd help you out as well . 
  for someone hell-bent on defending western values you seem to have a problem with them yourself . 
  for someone hell-bent on defending western values you seem to have a problem with them yourself . 
  you 're all over the place here . 
  i remember that the right always loved to attack their political opponents by claiming that the left does n't distinguish between economic migrants and genuine refugees . 
  now look at you and others in this thread , doing the very same thing . 
  terminology matters . 
  you could certainly be worse off . 
  you do n't seem to comprehend my statement . 
  i am specifically saying that fixing the crisis means a great many different things to a great many different people . 
  and a great many people do n't just think about europe exclusively . 
  the big question is of course what `` fixing it '' means . 
  for example i do n't think the underlying causes can be `` fixed '' ( a ) by the military ( b ) in a couple of days . 
  and also no refugees . 
  [ kartenhaus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlr9rep7pum ), 
  english language lacks ordentlichkeit , sadly . 
  either is possible i think . 
  `` nation '' does n't just mean `` staat '' . 
  the view from up there is n't so great , but the interior and of course the view from the ground makes it worth a visit still . 
  but it was a battle of nations . 
  germans , russians , fins , estonians , latvians , lithuanians , ukrainians , swedes , czechs , hungarians , croats etc. 
  against french , poles , italians and other germans . 
  it 's a case of `` fernsehbier '' - cheap , mass-produced beer that is consumed while watching telly or chatting with someone at a party . 
  thus the high numbers of sales . 
  it 's not considered high-brow or of good quality . 
  of all people , you choose heino , and of all renditions this one ... 
  no , i do n't . 
  because there are none . 
  or you must have a very different idea of what constitutes a commie block . 
  did you even read your quote ? 
   they were intended ** less for conquest or expansion ** than they were to force barbarian tribes into some kind of political structure that would be compliant with roman diplomatic efforts . 
  you wrote romans had conquered the germanic tribes . 
  thanks for disproving that statement yourself . 
  obviously the military juggernaut carried out punitive expeditions from time to time . 
  however , one must be mental to think this was the same as direct roman control and replacement and assimilation of the native population as it happened in gaul or hispania . 
  the rhine frontier was so unruly in fact it necessitated the garrisoning of several legions even during times of relative peace , as well as the construction of extensive walls and fortifications . 
  what a great argument . 
  they also gave their name to the german region of franconia . 
  the saxons gave their name to modern saxony without ever having settled there . 
  all you are saying is that the franks basically founded france . 
  well , no one disputes * that * , just that they were french - they were not . 
  a french identity would emerge much later . 
   he was a frank was n't he ? 
  you answered the question why he should n't be called french yourself . 
  lol, 
  i suspect the involved areas are not pictured ? 
  i suspect its still diplomacy at this point , the commission ideally wants poland to solve the issues itself . 
  well that 's just wrong , assuming by `` the '' you mean the totality or majority of germanic tribes . 
  even when it was originally chosen a few centuries back it was so far detached from reality i do n't think anyone could get seriously angry because of it . 
  all right . 
  to anyone 's intelligence for example . 
  difference is that it was ( 1 ) a voluntary transfer and is and will remain ( 2 ) only partial , especially with the * kompetenz-kompetenz * remaining with the truly sovereign member nations . 
  i know especially our eastern neighbours are very careful when it comes to issues of sovereignty , but comparing the eu and the ussr is frankly insulting . 
  i love russia . 
  the european court of justice 's jurisdiction is all of the european union . 
  obviously . 
  intra-european trade would never have been possible without the great work of the ecj . 
  ok , are you really surprised by this ? 
  is n't it common knowledge that a partial transfer of sovereignty is the necessary condition for a working europe-wide enforcement of eu regulations ? 
  so it 's like reddit , but in german ? 
  you live in an interesting world apparently . 
  one in which something like civilian cities even exist or have ever existed . 
  it ca n't be this one though . 
   that was n't me justifying it . 
  if you want justification , here , have a speech of geobbles calling for ` total war more radical than anything we can yet imagine ' . 
  germany wanted total war , germany got total war . 
  simple as . 
  you do n't want to get bombed ? 
  do n't start wars that you will lose . 
  good thing most brits are able to hold themselves to higher standards today than those based on a fucking goebbels speech . 
   i disagree . 
  the goal was n't to kill civilians , the goal was to end the war and completely fracture cities . 
  it 's semantics . 
  both leads to bomb shells being dropped in civilian areas and to civilian deaths . 
   you ca n't build munitions for the germans if you do n't even have a home in germany . 
  then you 're admitting civilian areas were targeted . 
  good . 
  very poor attempt at justifying it btw . 
   no , damaging civilian morale and making it hard for cities to function was the goal , civilian casualties and suffering was required to achieve that goal . 
  which quite simply makes civilian casualties and suffering a goal , being a necessary condition towards the true end . 
  the distinction is just semantics . 
  and in any case , it did n't even work . 
  dresden , as i said before , was targeted because it was a very important transport hub that allowed germans to transport troops and supplies to the eastern front . 
  dresden was bombed in a fashion to kill civilians , but killing civilians was not the main goal . 
  i am sure the workers living in the residential districts borgfelde , eilbek or hohenfelde were producing thousands of weapons every day in their small flats , these districts just had to be leveled to the ground . 
  at least the city centre and franckesche stiftungen have been restored/preserved . 
   the idea that dresden that other such targets were purely civilian housing and administrative areas is laughable . 
  uh-huh , like i even claimed that . 
  raf bombing of industrial areas and transport hubs resulted in civilian casualties long before the * area bombing directive * came about . 
  however , these casualties were down to the missions being mostly executed at night , partially on the grounds of inaccurate information and quite simply human error . 
  causing civilian deaths was not the goal in itself . 
  so your argument falls flat on its nose . 
  i have absolutely no problem with the raf attacking industries relevant to the war effort or transport hubs . 
  with the area bombing directive however , civilian suffering and deaths became the very goal of raf missions , with civilians being deliberately targeted and industrial targets forgone to achieve these effects . 
  this happened in hamburg , in dresden , cologne , pforzheim etc. 
   in the words of carl spaatz  i point you to this quote : what are you saying here ? 
  must i remind you that the targeted bombing of civilians was subject to controversy even in britain itself ? 
  and after the first attacks the brits obviously noticed that they did n't achieve the desired effect .
