  schulz did not refer to all greeks when saying that . 
  how can you attack the german `` mainstream media '' for distorting facts when you do the same ? 
   sending in conscripts in mass numbers wait , i do n't want anyone to start a war and neither do i agree with human wave tactics . 
  i was talking about conscription , which means that you 'll be trained and not that you 'll be sent to war . 
   war of agression i highly doubt lithuania wants to invade russia any time soon . 
  if russia invades , however , it is likely that you will still be called up in an emergency draft . 
  and in that case i personally would be glad to have received at least a bit of training . 
   education is a far stretch of course it is . 
  the point is , however : often we do accept the state forcing something on us and , as i said , as long as it 's legitimate , that 's perfectly fine . 
  now , you think conscription is inherently illegitimate . 
  i think in some instances it is justified . 
  the state forces you to train with a weapon , it does not force you to commit massacres or invade other countries ( which , i am sure , is prohibited by the lithuanian constitution ) . 
  i thought at least gas extraction had less environmental impact than coal ? 
   norways parliament has unanimously decided to withdraw the government pension fund 's stake in companies who make more than 30 % of their turnover with coal , citing concerns over the environmental impact of coal mining as their reason . 
  as many as 50-75 companies and 35-40 billion kroner of investments could be affected , though environmental activists claim up to 122 companies and sums as high as 76,5 billion kroner may be affected . 
  norways state fund is the world 's largest , owing to the countries natural resources . 
  it manages 793 billion $ . 
  for some reason i could n't find english sources , so here 's a summary of the article . 
   21st century warfare is different no it is n't . 
  people kill . 
  people get killed . 
  until we 're sending robot soldiers in the field , nothing will change that . 
   what if your nation is the agressor ? 
  chances are you 'll still be mobilised , only without proper training . 
  you think that 's better ? 
   it 's essentially slavery what 's public education but slavery then ? 
  cause it does n't involve weapons ? 
  the state 's also forcing you to pay taxes/adhere to it 's laws . 
  under the social contract , we agree to give up a bit of personal freedom for the benefit of society . 
  the only important thing is that the limitations imposed on us are justified . 
  that 's the case with education and , sometimes , conscription . 
  in this case because lithuania is/feels threatened by a powerful neighbour with a history of invading countries in it 's periphery . 
  do i personally like conscription ? 
  i 'm glad i do n't have to serve . 
  but it has nothing to do with slavery , and , done right , can be a justified if unpopular measure . 
  true , maybe i should have been clearer about that . 
  by domestic politics i meant just that , i.e. 
  tsipras having to cater to the populists . 
  current eu law does not distinguish between membership in the eurozone and in the eu . 
  every new member needs to join the common currency immediately or work towards doing so . 
  britain and denmark got special opt-outs . 
  as far as i know , most experts think that leaving the euro also means leaving the eu . 
  preventing that would require treaty change . 
  well , i do n't think so . 
  i actually had high hopes for them months ago - i 'm definitely not supportive of a lot of decisions taken by the creditors - but really all they did was to increase government spending ( again , that was certainly needed in some , but not all cases ) but failed to deliver on their pledges to fight corruption and tax evasion . 
  obviously they basically wanted other nations to pay for it , which eroded any support they might have had otherwise . 
  and as much as i share their resentment towards economic ` shock therapy ' exclusively targeting the poorer parts of society while the rich grow wealthier , no sane person could deny that the mess that is greece 's economy needs drastic changes if greece wants to stand on it 's own feet any time soon . 
  so is syriza helping greece right now ? 
  yesterday 's eurozone proposal was refused mere hours after it was made even though it 's said to have been very open to syriza 's demands . 
  the problem is that due to domestic politics and fanatics in their own ranks , syriza is n't as interested in a compromise as you might think . 
  definitely not as much as the eu . 
  the creditors have made themselves susceptible to blackmail ( merkel : `` i will safe the euro , no matter the cost '' ) and syriza knows this & tries to get the best terms . 
  both sides , greece and the creditors would have been better off if greece had left when the crisis started ( obviously with aid from eu partners continuing and rapid implementation of fiscal union shortly after ) . 
  but that did n't happen so right now i would prefer if greece stayed and we pushed for the necessary integration to prevent this from happening again . 
  grexit was feasible then , today it would be a huge risk economically and politically . 
  however , grexit might prove necessary if the current government continues their policy of confrontation , even if i do n't like it . 
  in that situation , we 'll have to suffer the consequences and , as in the other cases , develop the necessary instruments to manage the eurozone effectively . 
  in either case , it 's going to be hard work required from everyone involved . 
  jeez , if you really need to be corrupt , at least have the decency to fake some sort of competition . 
  and why not be corrupt about orphanages or hospitals ? 
  at least they 're useful once built . 
  i would argue that even a growing economy can find better ways to spend tax money . 
  the things that pass for art these days ... and i 'm not even in my twenties . 
  lthat was weimar germany , not the frd . 
  anyways , this is quite pointless to argue about . 
  a large problem in italy is the north/south divide which is making all of italy seem underdeveloped and poor . 
  still , some of these points are a bit meaningless . 
  a primary surplus is good but does not help you much when your debts are so high . 
  and obviously does italy pay a lot into the eu budget - they are a huge economy . 
  but huge economies can still perform poorly when compared to their potential . 
  the basques wo n't like this and apparently the iberian languages came out of nowhere in the middle ages . 
  as far as the university of auckland is concerned , there never were germans in east/central europe . 
  i mean , if you do spend time and effort on such a map , you might as well make sure it 's correct . 
  this is really just speculation , but i think russian propaganda operates mainly in english and russian , maybe even in german though the lunatics commenting here might even believe it . 
  since we apparently have a demographic that votes afd and surveys have shown that a third in some way oppose the sanctions . 
  which is all the more frightening , if you think about it . 
  so if person a is in debt and in danger of defaulting , and person b pays it , person b has n't saved person a from defaulting ? 
  the money went to the banks - to pay for loans greeks had taken in the years before . 
  pretending this did n't help greece is utter bullshit . 
   the long stream of mercenary armies that wrangled over germany 's many stateless not only devastated the land , but also caused waves of catastrophic famine and pestilence . 
  & nbsp ; it 's impact was so catastrophic that bertolt brecht used the war for the anti-war play `` mother courage and her children '' - in 1938 . 
  if you 're into sonnets , here 's a pretty haunting one from andreas gryphius , written in 1936 : & nbsp ;  so , now we are destroyed ; utterly ; more than utterly !, 
   the gang of shameless peoples , the maddening music of war ,  the sword fat with blood , the thundering of the guns  have consumed our sweat and toil , exhausted our reserves . 
  & nbsp ;  towers are on fire , churches turned upside down ;  the town hall is in ruins , the strong cut down , destroyed . 
   young girls are raped ; wherever we turn our gaze ,  fire , plague , and death pierce heart and spirit through . 
  & nbsp ;  here , town and ramparts run with ever-fresh streams of blood . 
   it 's three times six years now , since our mighty river 's flow  was blocked almost by corpses , just barely trickling through . 
  & nbsp ;  yet , i pass over in silence something more terrible than death ,  more desperate even than plague , fire and famine ;  that so many were bereaved of their soul 's treasure too . 
  & nbsp ; it 's obviously better in german , and even more so if you listen [ to it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onzq78szujo ) . 
   germans still worship national heroes that hated us , such as bismarck or von stauffenberg . 
  are you a troll . 
  the us and canada are not at all far away from russia - the world is spherical , after all . 
  ah yes - the immigration of poles to britain was accepted without any complaints , so it should be the same with serbs . 
  a bit shallow to pick a photograph from august oetker where he pretty much looks like the devil . 
  i do n't know , that is a bit late now . 
  and is it really that important to have him there ? 
  well , 1050 is n't such a special anniversary . 
  i do n't think you can expect the pope to turn up everywhere people celebrate their baptism and conversion . 
   no it was n't , so all in all we 're better off not discussing `` fairness '' so do n't complain about germany 's exports . 
   these euros are not charity though .
