  but this really just reinforces my point - france profits more from cap than germany does . 
  your own table show us to be a net loser . 
  mind you , as i wrote elsewhere , i am not judging . 
  france is larger and relies more on agriculture , that is how it is and it is completely fine . 
  well , at least by proxy he has to , as he definitely needs to convince the eu 's - not just germany 's - heads of government who will mostly listen to what the people that elected them want . 
  exactly . 
  we do it as well , so our voters deserve to have it explained to them why we should engage in macrons ideas for example . 
  i have a feeling the setting wo n't translate well to a tv format . 
  so many costumes , special effects and location shoots would be needed to make it work ... 
  per capita germany contributes more than double than what france does - though less than e.g. 
  sweden or the netherlands - and in absolute terms we obviously contribute the most of all members . 
  i am not judging - this is quite simply related to our higher gdp - but it does explain , i think , a general level of skepticism among the german public when it comes to demands for eu investments , bonds , funds etc. 
  by other countries . 
   unlike any other eu country ? 
  no , of course not , * but * : it should then also not surprise anyone that macron ca n't expect to win us over with sheer idealism . 
  he needs to show that we profit from his plans as well . 
  otherwise he will be seen as purely acting in france 's interest - and potentially against germany 's . 
   dude , we can leave the eu and still be fine . 
  i doubt so . 
  i do n't think germany can leave the eu and be just fine . 
  there is more to it than the raw numbers , what single market access does for our companies for example can only be estimated . 
  hollande was elected on a platform that was expressly anti-german . 
  public work programs are n't necessary , though besides tax cuts we might consider investing in roads , railroads and digital infrastructure as well as research . 
  it is not part of an army 's duty to protect borders in peace . 
  we have frontex and the member state 's respective agencies for that . 
  the spiegel equals germany ? 
  it is just a magazine trying to get by-passer 's attention . 
  ~ ~ sex ~ ~ fear of losing money sells . 
  and usually the actual articles are much more nuanced than the cover leads one to assume . 
  have you read the article actually ? 
  it is a common view , i might even say common knowledge here that france is very adamant in enforcing its economic interests on the european stage . 
  the most widely known example is the eu 's agrarian policy for example , which france is profiting from a lot . 
  and to be honest - many germans just think like this , and they are all voters . 
  regardless of whether it is justified or true , schulz will have to appeal to them . 
  at least before the election takes place . 
  growth does n't mean you are n't poor . 
  though ee has made some great progress the last decade or so !, 
  a key requirement for germans accepting macrons initiative will be his ability to convince them this will not just be a way to gift german tax money to france but serve an intelligible purpose that germans profit from as well . 
  i like it when people are employed . 
  well that is n't the case in any country anymore , not even the ones regularly topping quality of life indexes . 
  as someone actually living here - while we have some problems yes - this view of our living standard is completely wrong . 
   sure . 
  but lone events do n't constitute a tradition . 
  this is my main point . 
  lone events do n't happen just like that though . 
  they come from somewhere . 
  i mean , seriously , it should n't even be a question that there was a strong liberal and democratic movement in germany . 
   while the idea of a republic and liberalism in general in germany was a move forward the whole experiment came crushing down for a reason . 
  this view ignores that the republic , while being volatile , did function for a considerable time with remarkable resilience . 
  a common view on the republic today is that it was n't so much the case that it was too weak as that its enemies proved to be too strong . 
  it is in any case a flawed idea to judge a state solely in hindsight and solely with its eventual demise in mind . 
   pre-weimar germany was pretty traditionalist and borderline authoritarian . 
  well , that is what i wrote . 
   not to mention that there was no `` democratic tradition '' i beg to differ , while in the latter half of the 19th century nationalism suppressed democratic sentiments to some degree , the 1848 revolution and constitution as well as the empire 's slow but steady parliamentarisation and democratisation up to the eve of the war show clearly that such a tradition existed . 
  the weimar republic being a `` failed experiment '' is an unfortunate myth that is still being perpetuated . 
  although flawed in some key aspects , it nevertheless marked a gigantic step forward , catapulting germany into the league of the most advanced and progressive democracies at the time . 
  i agree regarding post-war germany . 
  but the democratic tradition is older than 1945 really . 
  and if we disregard the 1848 constitution and the flawed democratic institutions of the empire the first true german democracy was the weimar republic , with modern germany merely being a continuation of it . 
  but surely unemployed people will at least receive food stamps ? 
  it was outlawed especially in germany . 
  and these radicals must have gotten something right , considering the necessity of such appeasement politics . 
  anyway , we should n't be arguing over how reasonably the movement was . 
  certainly i myself oppose many of their ideas and probably wo n't even vote for the moderate , centrist spd this election . 
  but my initial point was - and i still stand by it - that the spd was by and large always a democratic movement . 
  there probably is no other german party we have so much to thank for in terms of fostering german democratic tradition . 
  what might nowadays seem extreme was normal or even reasonable back then . 
  one should be careful with retroactively applying modern standards . 
  and democracy always was a core tenet of the spd , even during its marxist early years . 
  i do agree actually that we should invest more in times of low interest . 
  i also believe that this would be better for germany long-term . 
  but i do n't like the following beliefs manifesting themselves on this sub especially : that 1 ) the german export surplus is completely or even mostly attributable to a relatively weak euro , that 2 ) the german trade surplus with the rest of the ez is that bad and that 3 ) german exports have become a very convenient way to blame domestic failures on a scapegoat . 
  a positive development , i believe . 
   but basically capitalism is the only economic system that is decentralized enough to allow a state to function democratically without it imploding or giving someone too much power which turns it into dictatorship . 
  an interesting theory certainly , but as the marxists among the spd were never able to form a society we have to go by what their motivations were . 
  and it is relatively clear that their intent was to create a democratic society with political power being wielded by the people . 
  yes ? 
  phillip scheidemann was a social democrat . 
   obviously up for debate , but you know . 
  i do n't think so . 
  if we bend the term `` party '' in such a fashion it becomes meaningless . 
  suddenly we begin to have parties in greece of antiquity for example . 
   any reason for the `` no '' ? 
  they were a party that specifically aimed for `` socialism '' ( aka communism ) and anti-capitalism . 
  both things explicitly anti-democratic . 
  i am sorry , but 1 ) socialism does not in fact equal communism an 2 ) capitalism is not a necessary component of democracy . 
  you could argue that liberal democracies require some sort of capitalism but - again - democracy in itself does n't . 
  it purely designates a form of government in which state power is exerted by the people . 
  even marxists such as rosa luxemburg wanted to establish a form of democracy ( utilising representation via direct instead of free mandates ) . 
  that marxists wanted to achieve this goal by means of a revolution does not negate that most of them were in fact democrats . 
  after all , the french revolution was a democratic movement as well . 
  spd was n't communist itself . 
   but it started off as an anti-democratic party . 
   which i would argue goes to the communards of the paris commune fame they were not a party . 
  otherwise you might as well call the followers of babeuf in the 18th century the `` first socialist party '' . 
  the first part of the quote is from the article . 
  and if you look at the long 19th century , the spd was recognised as being the most successful socialist / social democratic party worldwide by far . 
  actually the early communists expected the proletarian revolution to originate in germany because of this . 
  well what do you mean by harmonisation ? 
  rules and regulations have been or are being harmonised in the common market .
