  i made one short correction to an objectively false claim . 
  that does not make me a holocaust denier , though of course i was immediately accused of being one . 
   that there were polish citizens dying in german death camps stop moving the goalposts . 
  i never argued this was n't the case . 
  i am well aware of the german reign of terror in the generalgouvernement . 
  poles were subjected to forced labour , large parts of polish intelligentsia were murdered and imprisoned . 
  the polish population had few to no rights . 
  it was horrible . 
   but if you partially deny holocaust holocaust refers to the extermination of european jews by nazi germany . 
  where did i deny that ? 
  well , yes it is a silly debate . 
  i did write i do n't like genocide olympics . 
  but look at it from the other side : is it not diminishing the horror of the holocaust a bit to pretend it was all the same ? 
  i think one should be able to correct such a clearly false statement without being accused of `` denying the holocaust '' . 
  please engage with the points i am making . 
  that is clearly not what i wrote ; and not what i implied . 
  seriously , read my comment again . 
   do not give me this bulshit that somehow death of poles was any different than death of jews , germans simply did not have enough time to end the bloody job . 
  on an individual level a murdered pole is as bad as a murdered ukrainian , a murdered homosexual , a murdered gypsy and a murdered jew and so on . 
  but if we 're talking in scale , what actually happened to the eastern european jews was clearly , much , much worse than what happened to poles - even though i do n't like engage in genocide/atrocity olympics , i think this statement should be uncontroversial . 
  your point was that `` polish people suffered the same fate '' , which is objectively wrong . 
  did the nazis plan for eventual extermination of at least several millions of poles and slave-like status for the rest ? 
  yes . 
  but were poles systematically targeted to the same extent as european jews , were they deported into ghettos , were they industrially killed in auschwitz , majdanek , treblinka etc. 
  like almost all the jews the germans managed to get their hands on were ? 
   not to mention polish people suffered the same fate no , thankfully they did n't . 
  else there would be no poland today . 
  they 're seen as guaranteeing polish independence from russia . 
  there are a few more people expressing dislike for germany ( one point difference ) . 
  by one point , yes . 
  i find it more interesting that there are apparently very few poles who do n't have an opinion on germans . 
  we 're actually more liked than lithuanians and ukrainians , a bit surprising really . 
   also , like m\u00e9lenchon said , it 's about 2 viewpoints of europe arguing . 
  one more socialistic and familial , the other more capitalistic ( at all costs ) . 
  this view seems popular in france , but i wo n't lie - i do n't really like it . 
  too often it is just vague rhetoric coupled with unrealistic demands or promises . 
  germany is so far away from following manchester capitalism that the very idea seems ridiculous . 
  but it certainly explains the emotional reaction . 
   yeah but you under-estimate how powerful this is ingrained in the french psyche . 
  what exactly is ingrained ? 
  and some south european politicians and media call germans nazis . 
  they all want to be reelected or sell their products . 
  it is pointless to get hung up on this . 
   she just completely bombed as to how to deliver the message yes , she was a bit out of her league . 
  but most of her comments were the normal soundbites ( `` we need courage to tackle problems , we need france '' etc. ) . 
  i do n't understand why m\u00e9lenchon had to go out on a rant about how france elected a left government . 
   i think to most french people , this reminded them of the worst hours of the german occupation , with the monochromatic tone of german propaganda `` french people should do x & y '' . 
  that 'd surprise me , considering most french were n't even alive back then . 
  yes , that is what i meant . 
  they need to convince people that remaining an eea member will be the best form of brexit for britain . 
  as someone against brexit , labour should accept the referendum result and brush it over . 
  it is no use destroying the party over a fact that ca n't be changed anyways . 
  they have to be united and place themselves firmly behind brexit , challenging the conservatives on the grounds that labour will get a better deal for britain . 
  she is no cdu leader . 
  and what did m\u00e9lenchon expect , bringing empty rhetoric into the discussion . 
  both behaved undiplomatic . 
  and of course one tv discussion is in no way proof of german `` hegemony '' . 
  maybe she did n't do it because she wanted to be offensive but because these herrings are a specialty of her home region ... 
  how does germany act like a hegemon ? 
  you could start with not weakening nato , the alliance opposing putin the most . 
  probably students and business professionals instead of poor workers from anatolia . 
  in germany right now i tend to agree . 
  however in greece for example i think cuts to spending were inevitable . 
  agreed , it ca n't be denied that germany , the netherlands etc. 
  profit from the single market . 
  though i would say that if parts of a car are built in budapest and brno to then be put together in stuttgart hungary and czechia do profit as well . 
  and then there are eu structural funds of course - they are meant to address exactly such inequalities . 
  the trade between germany and the rest of the ez is pretty balanced though . 
  and france . 
  there exists no language in which this would n't be impolite . 
  eh , stopping excessive government spending is not always a bad idea and has n't been back then . 
  other commenters have pretended that germany is some kind of model country . 
  it is not . 
  we have gone through some very harsh reforms at the beginning of the century which have hurt labour protection and wages . 
  this has lowered domestic demand and made the german industry more competitive on a global stage , resulting in surplus exports . 
  there are other reasons too , the weak euro being one of them . 
  a surplus in exports is not desirable in itself - it basically means that we export goods and capital and get nothing in return but unreliable debt claims in other countries . 
  rather we should spend money on infrastructure and innovation in germany . 
  it is very far-fetched to believe any sort of greek-turkish union will ever happen . 
  yes , it might be possible . 
  but very , very , very unlikely . 
  many turks and kurds in germany also drink alcohol and are not really religious . 
  at least turks are apparently often still fervent erdogan supporters . 
  and judging by the results , french turks even voted yes more often than german ones . 
  it is , that is not what i said . 
  i mean the goals behind domestic investment , it should not be `` simply increasing imports '' even though that might happen because of it . 
   what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  the weak euro that makes it easier for germany to export . 
   well is n't kinda obvious ? 
  germany should start spending massively on infrastructure in order to increase interior demand aka stop penny pinching and start spending a bit which will increase your imports i agree on increasing spending . 
  increasing our imports , while probably a side effect , should not be the main focus . 
  it is more important to put the money made from exports to good use . 
  it is still nationalist rhetoric , especially since he does n't really specify what should change , and how . 
  the ecb is not controlled by germany . 
  so what ? 
  the ecb is operating independent of the german government and it has been weakening the euro for quite some time now . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  should n't take it so seriously . 
  it is just a very far-fetched idea . 
  i see , he needs to use a bit of nationalist rhetoric to stop the rise of m\u00e9lenchon .
