  i think you should rather ask citizens of comparatively large countries , like france , russia , germany or spain . 
  in general i do n't agree with communisms tenets , but i recognise that there are many different currents and views among people calling themselves communists . 
  throughout history communism has been instrumentalised and sometimes gave rise in itself to inhumane and barbaric practices and states . 
  i do however also applaud some communistic movements for some of their achievements , such as opposition to fascism in the 20s and 30s , religious bigotry and many western communists critique of stalinism or soviet communism . 
  i accept that communism addresses some very important issues that arose in industrialising societies , such as worker 's rights and untenable social inequality . 
  ( `` more substance than semblance ! '' ), 
  sense of duty or conscientiousness ( german : pflichtbewusstsein ) sense of justice ( german : gerechtigkeitssinn ) : jedem das seine or suum cuique ( `` may all get their due '' ) sense of order ( german : ordnungssinn ) :( `` know your place '' ) sincerity ( german : aufrichtigkeit ) straightness or straightforwardness ( german : geradlinigkeit ) subordination ( german : unterordnung ) toughness ( german : h\u00e4rte ) : gegen sich mehr noch als gegen andere ( `` be even harder on yourself than on others '' ), 
  not belarus ? 
  heh , since abstaining effectively counts as a `` no '' in our upper house i guess you 'd have to make decisions either way . 
  maybe luxemburg province in wallonia ? 
  oh sorry , misunderstood ya then . 
  i 'm neither , just speaking from memory . 
  maybe use google translate if you ca n't speak german ? 
  i have n't looked at other studies , sorry . 
  never !, 
  `` i just start anschlussing them . 
  i do n't even wait . 
  and when you 're the f\u00fchrer of germany they let you do it . 
  you can do anything . 
  grab them by the munich conference . 
  you can do anything . '', 
  both austria and switzerland are richer than we are though . 
  i was not claiming that benzine motors have an advantage in co2 emissions now , but rather that diesels no longer have one while still being behind in no2 emissions . 
  as far as i know , benzine , diesel and electro cars all cost about the same amount of energy in production , however electro motors consume far less energy over their lifespan . 
  and actually i need to amend my statement because electro motors are only significantly better if they use green energy . 
  diesel motors originally consumed less fuel than otto motors , which is what made them a bit better environmentally . 
  however modern benzine motors have improved drastically , effectively negating even modern diesel 's advantages regarding co2 emissions . 
  and diesels are simply far worse when it comes to no2 , which today makes them worse over all . 
  of course electro motors are usually better than both . 
  an interesting scenario . 
  you are about as large as rheinland-pfalz with 4 million inhabitants , so you 'd likely get 4 seats in the upper house ( bundesrat ) , and , being under a conservative government , you 'd probably support cdu/csu . 
  it still would n't be enough to get a simple majority for the government though . 
  germans are unfamiliar with the formal theory of us exceptionalism , but on a more basic level americans are indeed sometimes seen as arrogant and ignorant know-it-alls so you might say we do n't look kindly on american exceptionalism in general . 
  on a personal note , i support some of the theory as it is absolutely apparent to me that us history and society has many quite unique aspects and facets to it . 
  however i do n't consider that an exception or something that would elevate the us over all other nations - because even when i just look at europe there are lots and lots of quirks and differences and unique national and regional traits to us as well . 
  it becomes even more glaring when looking at e.g. 
  china or india to name just the most obvious non-european nations . 
  what a weird habit . 
  i 'd almost be tempted to ask my coworkers why they 'd be doing that . 
  i forgive you . 
  knocking after presentations ? 
  fine . 
  but shaking hands every morning ? 
  are you working with a bunch of quakers ? 
  well the actual answer is that no one knows exactly why we are doing it . 
  one theory holds that it originated from students from later semesters welcoming freshmen by knocking on the ground with wooden staffs . 
  this might have transformed into a general way of showing ones approval . 
  on the other hand , knocking on ones shield was considered a polite greeting in the middle ages already . 
  at the same time , knocking and stamping was once also used to indicate displeasure at the professors lecture . 
  somehow , the meaning has transformed completely though . 
  if you know german , you can read up on it [ here ] ( http://www.dw.com/de/akademisches-klopfen/a-1190176 ) . 
  that is some pretty weak knocking though . 
  american slavery was totally racist , there is no way of denying or downplaying that because it was `` a product of its ' time '' . 
  a stanza that expressly includes and accepts this concept can reasonably be called racist as well , which is why not singing it seems like a good idea to me . 
  the whole point i am making is that there was a huge difference between the treatment experienced by african slaves and european indentured servants . 
  what point are you trying to make ? 
  these neue mitte buildings still look pretty acceptable to be honest . 
  many people would choose the [ m\u00fcnster ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cqcfler.jpg ) for [ freiburg ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pmgalq0.jpg ) , though i am partial to the [ historisches kaufhaus ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cfhpl2u.jpg ) and the [ martinstor ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hjo2lb0.jpg ) too . 
  despite the name , the quarter of [ weingarten ] ( http://i.imgur.com/diuyucg.jpg ) is n't that pretty . 
  thanks for the article in which the author argues convincingly against the notion of `` white slavery '' . 
  have you even read it ? 
   because you 're acting morally superior when germany has more recent issues with both societal and institutional racism . 
  even if that claim were true , it does not mean i ca n't speak my mind freely . 
  nothing of what i said was in any way `` acting morally superior '' . 
   involuntarily pressed into indentured servitude by the british . 
   by the british  the british, 
  what exactly is your problem with my statement ? 
  how am i `` on a high horse '' ? 
  if you are referring to discrimination against irish immigrants in the us , i am well aware of it . 
  but i hope you do n't mean to imply they had it even half as bad on average as a slave on a southern plantation . 
  i do n't know `` schlagen wir des volkes feind '' in the second stanza is not appropiate i believe . 
  we could have adopted the melody and the first and third stanza from auferstanden aus ruinen and then the third from the deutschlandlied . 
  it is actually interesting that both songs largely use the same metre so you could in theory sing one text over the other 's melody respectively . 
  :| in english :  risen from ruins and facing the future , let us serve you for the good , germany , united fatherland . 
  old woes are to be overcome and we overcome them united because we so must succeed , [ so ] that the sun beautiful as never [ before ] over germany shines , over germany shines . 
   let us plough , let us build , learn and create like never before , and , confident in immanent strength , a free generation rises up . 
  german youth , best efforts of our people united in you , you will become germany 's new life . 
  and the sun beautiful as never , over germany shines , over germany shines . 
   unity and justice and freedom for the german fatherland !, 
  towards these let us all strive brotherly with heart and hand !, 
  unity and justice and freedom are the foundation of happiness ; | : flourish in the radiance of this happiness , flourish , german fatherland !, 
  illegal human trafficking is in no way comparable to an official and legal system that degrades humans to the level of property . 
  and victims of such crimes were and are by no means just white . 
  in germany we have a form of civil partnership that is essentially the same as marriage . 
  and yes , it is discriminatory . 
  and most people do n't care , homosexuals included . 
  [ liechtenstein ] ( https://youtu.be/60rjekhdjhm ) still uses the melody . 
  we just took care of it , you did n't want it it seemed . 
  eh , it still assumes the existence of slavery . 
  and it blames poor slaves that are just trying to flee their slaveholders ( from the `` land of the free '' ) . 
  and realistically , how many white slaves were there in america ? 
  actually there are : melun , \u00c9vry , meaux and versailles for example !, 
  i believe what was actually meant was if anyone wishes previously lost territory would return to us , like silesia or pomerania for example . 
  even though i purposely misunderstood the question ? 
  celtic culture originated in southern germany and austria actually !, 
  and it would be wrong to say `` they '' ended up all over europe because we 're not so much talking about huge migrations with a massive impact on dna but more about culture and language spreading ( except for the galatians in anatolia and the celts in northern italy of course ) . 
  even the danes themselves only claim about 50.000 danes in all of schleswig-holstein and maybe 15.000 of them are native speakers so i do n't think there is a danish majority in flensburg . 
  well the colonists knew that england was in peace with spain and also that the region was acknowledged as spanish territory . 
  really what did they expect ? 
  same here .
