  people back then obviously would n't have known what to say if one would have asked them whether they were `` germans '' . 
  apfelwein ( apple wine ) is a thing in parts of germany , but not in my region ( north ) . 
  these last years , cider has however become very popular and with it , [ this brand ] ( http://imgur.com/a/rlkj5 ) which is produced from apples grown in altes land , a fruit producing region near hamburg . 
  reeperbahn in hamburg . 
  it is somewhat acceptable if you just want to party - though there are better places - but if you do n't even do that it is just completely uninteresting and ugly . 
  because the qualification is formally the same rank ? 
  eh , i 'd understand it if it were because of pay or additional career paths but not just because developers ca n't stand to be formally of the same rank as bricklayers ... 
   software developers have to do a lot more maths than bricklayers , yet their qualification is formally the same . 
  well yes , but the fields are totally different . 
  i do n't really see the problem , you would n't want a software developer on a building site and vice versa . 
  so expats are emigrants who are n't working ? 
  it is the first time i heard that definition . 
  anyway , the people in question moved to portugal because of the country and weather , but they are still working . 
  they own a farm in north portugal , douro i think . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i only know of german immigrants to portugal sadly , 
  upvoted for dissenting opinion . 
  certainly some interesting views , how well do you think do the liberal democrats represent them at the moment ? 
  if you do n't mind asking , which party would be an `` other option '' for you right now ? 
  would you personally favour keeping the positions of head of state and government separate ? 
  it certainly seems like a very ambitious project to undertake . 
  you and u/bougnette , which changes exactly would you prefer ? 
  a return to the constitution of the fourth republic ? 
  and what is rotten in the fifth one ? 
  i associate typical british stereotypes with all of them , notably mild cynicism and sarcasm , general reservedness - stiff upper lip - and thinking in classes . 
  additionally , when i think of wales , i think of failing coal mines , poverty and their weird language . 
  with northern ireland , its still the whole conflict between unionist and republicans . 
  scotland stands out with its generally more pro-european stance . 
  well i wo n't argue this with a scot  i concede that scottish gaelic is n't foreign to northern britain and attempts to discredit it as merely an irish dialect are not in place . 
  i would say though that the same goes for scots which developed differently than the english spoken at the english court . 
  really , i am trying to show how both identities can be accepted as `` scottish '' with the same legitimacy . 
  ultimately , i believe the scottish nation is a peculiar case and a very interesting one , because it consists of multiple identities which nevertheless grew together over time . 
  oh , and while german nationalism as we understand it ( as a political ideology ) began with napoleon , there was a german nation long before that . 
  at least since the high middle ages . 
  i am not sure how this was in scotland but i thought this was n't really the case there . 
  yes , inventing such traditions can be a bit cringe worthy at times . 
  but the idea is n't that far-fetched , at least many czechs have celtic ancestors somewhere i guess . 
   here in czechia we also used to have a fad in the nineties that we are actually heirs to the boii tribe , it was probably a desperate effort of some people to distinguish us from the slavs and germans who tried to dominate us in the 20th century , but that was a rather ridiculous dead end of course . 
  its not wrong though . 
  i am sure for example a lot of modern germans ' ancestors have been celtic or slavic at some point . 
  i know the bavarians probably got their name from the boii , and so did the region bohemia . 
   ireland proper would be the same case as scotland -- linguistically dominantly germanic but celtic in terms of identity and ethnicity . 
  this unfortunately reinforces the myth of a ( mostly ) celtic scotland . 
  the eastern scottish lowlands were settled by germanic settlers just like england while irish tribes occupied the west and the highlands . 
  their language - `` scottish '' gaelic is just as much a foreign language as scots that developed out of the old english spoken in scotland . 
  the speakers of brythonic celtic - picts and cumbrians - switched to either language a long time ago . 
  and all of this took place before a coherent scottish identity was - i will be a bit rude here - more or less invented in the 19th century . 
  in my opinion at least , modern scotland should embrace its heterogeneous heritage of scots , gaelic and even norse and not try to define itself exclusively over being celtic in opposition to english i.e. 
  germanic . 
  though her house is not attached to mine , i can unfortunately hear the bavarian lady living there very well . 
  her voice would easily make a roaring lion cower in fear . 
  yeah , the metre of both texts is oriented at haydns anthem . 
  yes it is like a marseillaise that celebrates peace instead of war . 
  unfortunately it is discredited by now . 
  though one can actually sing its text to the melody of the deutschlandlied and vice versa . 
  nah , that melody is just a bit too boring . 
  if i had to change the anthem , i 'd choose [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/vovmhqvggqg ) one . 
  the melody is far better ( haltet aus , haltet aus ... ) . 
  do n't look at the comments though . 
  from what i understand , a codification was already a stated goal when the revolution began . 
  the revolutionary wars simply made it impossible to pursue it at first . 
  which parts of the code are in there thanks to napoleon ? 
  germany 's anthem is fine as it is . 
  but you english should really use jerusalem . 
  i think , while va pensiero is connected to the risorgimento , it is more about the universal idea of freedom . 
  fratelli d'italia is the better choice . 
  i also think va pensiero is more difficult to sing . 
  true , but i think more credit should go to people like jean dormat or portalis . 
  mixed to negative . 
  he made some important reforms in france and the occupied territories but that does not outweigh his warmongering and the fact that he was an arrogant dictator . 
  so it always seems hollow when i hear how he supposedly was a liberal . 
  also , he pressed tens of thousands of germans into service to die in russia and annexed my hometown . 
  in the end i think it is great how he ended the feudalistic traditions that oppressed the people . 
  but he simply replaced one kind of oppression with another ( by france ) . 
  why is the code civil still seen as his creation ? 
  it was a product of the revolution and its jurists more than anything else . 
  he just put his name on it . 
  only because the social democrats in germany were the most successful socialist party though . 
  but you have a point . 
  maybe one should call her polish-german . 
  she also was not german . 
  but eh , should n't have had such a german name then , right ? 
  yes , but he kept britain fighting and thus played a huge role in the allied victory . 
  so i have to agree with u/fyllingenoy . 
  i am talking specifically about the so-called [ nsu ( national socialist underground ) . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) members of verfassungsschutz have deleted sensitive and potentially relevant files , some of their undercover agents ( though not members of the agency itself ) seem to have committed crimes while on the agency 's payroll ... 
  haussmann architecture . 
  no question at all . 
  i do n't think there is a french national architecture though . 
  just like there is no distinct german one . 
  it is all very regional or modern ( in which case it looks the same in punta arenas and marseille ) . 
  i shall not let my beloved demonym be forgotten because of american fast food !, 
  interesting , i think generally there is a difference between w and v though , w being a lot softer than the sharp v. 
  compared with southern or eastern europe or even africa family is n't important in either of them . 
  but of the ones you mentioned , i 'll go with germany . 
  in ipa or did you try to match romanian with the german sounds ? 
  hamburger , deutscher , europ\u00e4er ( hamburger , german , european ) . 
   nordrhein-westfale i have never heard someone say that . 
  it is either westfale or rheinl\u00e4nder . 
  the state is an abomination anyways .
