  but do n't expect wonders . 
  many of these people are at a point where they will even lie to pollsters because even they represent `` establishment '' . 
  they are at a point at which they simply want to vote for a racist and do n't care about what you have to say to that . 
  it is not just the elite that has stopped to communicate - they did as well when they decided to get their news from facebook or breitbart , or reddit . 
  they did it when they lowered the bar to the point where a man was elected president in no small part because of his ability to insult and degrade other people . 
  do n't try to present that which is not equal , as equal . 
  there is a vast and considerable difference between the new york times and breitbart news . 
  all this talk about how both sides supposedly are equally dishonest and lacking in integrity and nuance is laughable and should be immediately exposed as downplaying the amount of lies and plain bullshit generated by alt-right media . 
  traditional media will certainly have to evaluate and review the mistakes it made . 
  it will have to improve . 
  however , even a very clearly pro-liberal , pro-clinton network like cnn did n't even touch the abyss that is breitbart . 
  he has temporarily stepped aside and no replacement has been appointed . 
  he was and is integral to that network and you can bet your ass he is still involved there . 
  breitbart is basically trumps personal network at this point . 
   journalism breitbart is a bad choice then . 
  i 've seen plenty of people trying to debate the actual issues , but the right sure does like to write them off as incoherent ramblings of `` sjws '' , `` cucks '' , `` shills '' , `` crooked '' and - more recently - as `` racist '' . 
  do n't pretend the ( alt ) right is generally open for debate . 
  it 's not . 
  this is not what he 's saying , a five-year old could have understood that . 
  bannon has a very clear agenda and he has been working for years to push it . 
  it is not important how much success he will have , it is important that an extremely close associate of trump - who holds an official us executive position - is now expanding into other countries , presumably with the intent of advocating for other right wing populists and presumably with just as little integrity and decency as he has been doing before and during the us election . 
  steve bannon is executive chairman of breitbart and has been made counselor to the president by trump . 
  do you need to lie to push your agenda ? 
  it does n't become more true even if you guys repeat this soundbite for the next ten years like trained parrots . 
  that might very well be true or have been true once , but i personally just never noticed it . 
  funny saying though ... 
  well , i 'm from hamburg too ( -  flair ) . 
  but in the end we can all just speak from our own experiences . 
  in my experience , the swedish monarchy is not hugely popular here , but your experience obviously differs . 
  germans are obsessed with the swedish monarchy ? 
  never noticed it , if at all , it is more the british , not the swedish one . 
  why would i be ? 
     on another note , i am rather sad that there 's almost no trace of the german empire in germany beyond some monuments and museums . 
  then you ca n't know germany very well . 
  what else would you have us do with the palace ? 
  we are not a monarchy anymore . 
  true , i 'm just implying that for most people , this election will be about who becomes chancellor . 
  were they refugees though ? 
     this is n't justice in my perspective : hamburg teenagers walk free after gang-rape conviction why are you bringing this up in regards to the refugee crisis ? 
  cause , you know . 
  they were not refugees - and also not islamic , if that is what you want to imply . 
  what lessened their sentences is simply the fact that german law is very different when the perpetrator is underage . 
  for all practical purposes though ... 
  not everyone decides on which language to learn solely on economic grounds . 
  and anyways , what is it with people repeating the idea that one basically has to learn chinese today to be successful ? 
  very few people end up conducting business operations in china or with chinese . 
  if you are from europe , learning a european language will be much more likely to be of practical use to you . 
  and german is a very good choice there . 
  what is it with this weird idea that tries to draw a connection between these completely unrelated events and/or polities ? 
  i do n't think it is fair to compare apartment blocks for the lowest social classes with expensive apartments in paris centre . 
  well , beauty is a very subjective thing . 
  personally i do n't find brutalism pretty ( of course brutalism would have failed to achieve its goals if i would think that ) . 
  i actually thought about making all the points you bring up , but refrained as hausmanns buildings , too were a social improvement over medieval paris . 
  but yeah , i agree . 
  funny how haussmanns projects were viciously attacked for ruining and degrading historical paris . 
  his critics basically blamed him for all the things you blame modern architects for . 
   how the hell can you say that one death camp is less serious than the other ? 
  good thing then that the internment camps were no death camps . 
  it is terribly undiplomatic as well . 
  what , trump does n't recognise france 's elected government and is working to undermine it ? 
  throughout its history , the west has struggled and often failed to live up to its own standards . 
  but it has always evolved , adapted and eventually improved . 
  just take slavery in the us . 
  the founding fathers wrote the constitution without ever intending to extend the rights it grants to blacks . 
  but the document provided abolitionists with an authority they could appeal to , a beacon without which lincoln 's gettysburg adress would be unthinkable . 
  and that 's of course what their grandparents died and suffered for . 
  so their grandchildren could enjoy another world war . 
  muslims = nazis am i right ? 
  well to be fair that 's a large part of the appeal and legitimation of fiction and fictional characters . 
  i mean i wo n't fault you if what you take away from the cap is the importance of bravery , justness , humbleness and so on . 
  but it 's of course not a literal guide on how to live your life . 
  and then there 's also escapism involved with fiction . 
  and people who are not aware of that then apparently think it 's a good idea to beat up drunken idiots in the street . 
  captain america is a comic book figure , not really someone who is relevant here . 
  napoleon and imperial germany are certainly nothing to be proud of . 
  the point being ? 
  also why edit out the part on virtue signaling if that 's what my comment refers to ? 
  to whom though ? 
  it happened in the middle of the night . 
   the nordstream project still is n't dead , despite the ` bad ' relationship with russia . 
  i 'd just like to note that nord stream still is a private enterprise , and germany believes in rule of law so shutting the project down without good reason is n't a possibility . 
  and in 2006 when the project was formalised , russia and europe had far better relations - no ukraine crisis , no georgian war . 
  it 's what happens if two idiots meet each other . 
  he never suggested anything of the sort . 
  but the constitution would forbid a `` muslim ban '' if it has freedom of religion . 
  is there room in your christian country for an atheist like me ? 
  what about orthodox christians ? 
  i know there are protestants and catholics in hungary , can you even tolerate living with people adhering to the wrong denomination ? 
  what percentage of practicing jews can hungary stomach ? 
  do wicca adherents have to be persecuted ? 
  why ? 
  usually the phony argument is that islam is inherently violent , but we 're not talking about violent muslims here , so that does n't hold up . 
  what about a non-violent islamic man ? 
  or are you now going to write that that 's impossible ? 
  but an election is n't a referendum or any sort of direct democracy . 
  exactly , that one was rigged . 
  direct democracy did n't get hitler elected . 
   we made some bad mistakes with that stuff back in the 20 's and 30 's . 
  what ? 
  could you name these supposed mistakes ?
