  i read about the dari\u00e9n disaster recently !, 
  could n't help but imagine a bunch of lemmings jumping off a cliff . 
  it 's all in good faith , for me at least . 
  i like bavaria a lot actually even though i 'm from northern germany . 
  there certainly are some areas where they excel and some others where i prefer different approaches . 
  we had a very close relationship up into the 19th century when nationalism soured things . 
  you mean it 's an extremely cool location !, 
  yes , i wish we had previously lost bavaria . 
  no problem . 
  well the colours can be traced back to the wars of liberation , that is comparatively old . 
  even though the actual adoption as flag took some time . 
  i am not saying it is a bad flag or anything but why does everyone call it the old flag ? 
  black-red-gold is clearly much older and also more authentic than the later one . 
  you 're even on track to that becoming reality . 
  why would a german monarchy save you from that ? 
  the british one . 
  you know , with full powers and no meddling parliament . 
  first thing lizzy should do is restore thomas wentworth to full honours . 
  i believe it is down to historically similar views on trade and commerce and an orientation towards the sea and the merchant marine . 
  hard to say how much of that still applies today . 
  as someone with personal experience , what do you think of the saying that hamburg is the most british of all german cities ? 
  it might have been , the austrians could have built a gigantic network of canals near the danube these last years !, 
  but it lies in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg so it is `` l\u00e4ndle '' or swabia too , right ? 
   there are far more canals here than in vienna . 
  is that an achievement though ? 
  i did n't even know there were natives from the region , but you appear to exist after all !, 
  it 'll be alright . 
  at least i am not proposing [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ztxodws.png ) . 
  certainly an alternative to the traditional `` from black night through red blood towards the golden sun . '', 
  some imperialists called the colours `` schwarz-rot-mostrich '' ( black-red-mustard '' ) instead of `` schwarz-rot-gold '' . 
  [ this one . 
  i really , really expected the republican flag when i saw your flair . 
  guess you surprised me . 
  what sort of britain do they wish for ? 
  in germany our `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' are mostly looking to the german empire of 1871-1918 . 
  but britain has basically been the same state since at least 1688 - granted , with reforms and territorial changes . 
  probably the same here , maybe with the addition of emmentaler . 
  i know some people would look down on me because of it , but i do n't like cheese that is too intense in taste or smell . 
  your observations are true . 
  i seriously wonder why this plan even reached people on here as to be honest minister m\u00fcller is completely unfit to hold this office and probably tries to get some pr before the election this autumn . 
  to gain a better position i suspect . 
  tourists not knowing german is fine as long as they are not arrogant i.e. 
  when they begin to judge ordinary people for not knowing english and do n't remember to ask before beginning to talk . 
   and sometimes the ability of the people in a country to speak english fluently will become a decisive factor for them to applaud or criticize a country as a whole . 
  not to mention that they always go to the capital cities only . 
  this is also something i 'd consider arrogant and short-sighted . 
  i probably am !, 
  are all kilts in scotland today the models that came up for the freak show that took place during the 19th century royal visit ? 
  ok , err ... congrats on those google translate skills , i guess !, 
  heh , german broadcasters produce any kind of shitty script , so you might have a point there . 
  also congrats on that german proficiency !, 
  it is a german copypasta . 
  `` ach , berlin '' is somewhat of a desperate sigh followed by non-stop complaining over berlin , people from berlin , berliner attitudes to the rest of germany , berlins economy etc. 
  the gist of it is that every german is deeply ashamed of such a capital . 
  sadly no one knows what exactly he wants as he has not published a proper programme yet . 
  so he might be all talk or have some concrete proposals in mind , i do n't know . 
  merkel will not immediately consent to any substantive changes and i doubt she ever will to be honest . 
  and i have serious doubts as to whether a technocratic project like a common euro zone budget for example will inspire any kind of idealism or european nationalism . 
  i really do n't think so . 
  a stereotype would be something that we are generally seen as , and i do n't think many people still view germans as nazis . 
  no , i believe what comes to people 's minds when thinking about us is that we are orderly , punctual , humourless , stern , unforgiving , austere , dutiful , reserved , thoughtful , thorough , conscientious and brooding . 
  meaning you now have specialised knowledge ? 
  yeah , most people begin to critisise media in that field . 
  deutsche welle is good as well . 
  ard , zdf as tv broadcasters . 
  deutschlandfunk for radio covering all of germany . 
  the various state broadcasters for more localised coverage . 
  okay , let me give you the very general advice that you - now that you know what you want - should look at how to obtain it in terms of whether you have the qualifications to enroll in germany or another eu country for example . 
  if yes , select the potential countries and universities and apply . 
  oh and definitely make sure your finances are organised i.e. 
  that you have a job before entering the plane or that there are at least very good chances you will get one . 
  i do n't really see how we can help you as you seem fairly set and determined already . 
  basically everyone here and the eu themselves disagree with you . 
  but hey , got ta find a way to bash our communities ' institutions right ? 
  many religions in germany are organised in so-called bodies of public law ( k\u00f6rperschaft \u00f6ffentlichen rechts ) and their members are counted in the governments official statistics . 
  of course membership does n't mean one actually attends service so the way i put it was a bit unclear . 
  point is that there might be a number of religious jews practicing their faith outside of these official organisations . 
  very interesting , thanks for the reply . 
  god bless him . 
  if you do n't mind : i remember reading a while ago how jews from former austria-hungary idolised and fondly remembered emperor francis joseph i even after ww2 because he protected their rights . 
  is there actually any such sentiment in your family ? 
  how does he view germany/austria today ? 
  there probably are more , these are just the ones attending official services . 
  err - a small south slavic-speaking state at the adriatic coast with a close connection to serbia . 
  so i have to admit my mind basically views them just like serbians . 
  will probably join the eu soon . 
  ketchup , have n't eaten them in ages though . 
  he guaranteed safe conduct and broke his word ; thus i am quite certain his soul burns in hell to this very day . 
  and i was obviously ahead of my time !, 
  the sorbs - a people of about 60.000 slavs in saxony and brandenburg see themselves as mediators between germans and poles ( not as poles ! ) . 
  i believe the relations are quite good . 
  toulouse = not too small , not too large , nice area with great weather , scenery and history amsterdam = because i do also love being close to the sea bristol = again , nice scenery and climate , cultural life and so on . 
   i like the city ( usually spend around a week per year vacationing there ) does n't that get old after a while ? 
  what are you usually seeing or doing ? 
  oh yes i do . 
  the teachings of john wyclif especially have inspired my personal beliefs and views in this matter . 
  it is also why i decided to study theology . 
  i have never heard the full name in a casual context , no . 
  jokes on you , i do n't own a house . 
  but a party might still be possible ,
