  and a healthy dose of self-confidence , i see ... , 
  it is a question of context . 
  most younger germans will use `` du '' with each other . 
  but if you 're conducting a business transaction , applying for a visa ... may god have mercy on your soul ( and the business negotiations / your visa application ) if you use `` du '' . 
  probably with thick bavarian/saxon dialects ? 
  what sort of * hanseat * are you ?!, 
  whenever denmark was our neighbour they tried to annex hamburg . 
  let them come , i say . 
  we 'll throw them back like we did in 1686 . 
  some good periods for germany were the 16th and 19th centuries . 
  personally , i have a soft spot for the `` dark ages '' and the early middle age . 
  i love this . 
  it seems like we are to you what americans are to us . 
  oh , right . 
  poland also took a small part of czechoslovakia , i remember . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  i mean , i think both france and britain were also preparing for war , though they did n't believe to be ready yet in 1938 . 
  and especially after we annexed the rest of czechia ( `` protectorate bohemia-moravia '' ) the allies were alarmed and probably expected an escalation in the near future . 
  heh , you distrust france even more than germany ? 
  i mean we actually invaded you , france and britain broke a treaty . 
   so , yes , nowadays spain is divided in 17 regions , but not federal like germany . 
  which competencies are still missing ? 
  do you think a federal system ( like the german or us one ) would settle the issue of basque and catalan nationalism ? 
  i like lufthansa , they have a pretty [ logo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3v7qrtb.png ) and i also like that through their name the medieval hansa kind of lives on . 
  us throwing bombs at insurgents is not really new . 
  this particular bomb was just larger and more costly than usual . 
  i think it is sad they were never truly emancipated , even though there was a good chance after the february revolution and 1990 . 
  they got rid of the tsar , but not tsarism . 
  generally though i think most are friendly people . 
  maybe a bit superficial ? 
  it is crazy . 
  some people i know excuse themselves by saying they only like sparkling water - it never crosses their mind that there are machines available transforming tap into sparkling water !, 
  that way they 'd probably save lots of $ $ too . 
  agreed . 
  superpowers will do as superpowers have always done . 
  it is not always good or right ; but in the end the us probably is a force for good . 
  people claiming hussein or hitler should n't have been stopped loose all credibility in my eyes . 
  why should they ? 
  it is a huge risk for the spanish government . 
  potentially a comparatively rich region could secede , setting a precedent for e.g. 
  the basques to leave spain as well . 
   rule of law not really though . 
  at least not for all citizens . 
  like a weird mixture of spanish and generic slavic . 
  this sub really has grown , we 're already creating our own memes . 
  was that a subtle reference ? 
  it feels a bit like the terms `` right '' and `` left '' are shoehorned in to be honest . 
  i do n't think any europeans associate these terms with protecting vs. not protecting rights . 
  keep in mind hate speech laws are also meant to protect rights ( by infringing on other rights ) . 
  and sanders is left to the centre , even in europe . 
  add `` latin '' to christendom . 
  the west is all about latin christendom , russia therefore is n't part of it . 
  a few orthodox countries like greece and romania have become part of it in the last two centuries , but in general being western is adhering to latin christianity . 
  yes , and as i was saying , this dichotomy emerged only during the cold war ( after 1945 ) . 
  same for me , really . 
  of course there was , much more even than during the cold war , when the dichotomy of western and eastern europe emerged . 
  polish culture is not really about squatting though ... ? 
  we are nourishing the rest of the continent after all . 
  exactly , i should have framed it better . 
  what i mean is that a head of state does not and should not have to be a monarch . 
  but they are so cute in it !, 
  i do n't . 
  ideally , that is what the head of state is for . 
  well dual citizenship and allowing recipients to vote are two different things . 
  germany chiming in , h [ ad those as well . 
  ] ( https://www.deutsche-digitale-bibliothek.de/binary/pkezbryg47bvrao46biy63zt7untg3vx/mvpr/1.jpg ), 
  heh , the actual folklore stuff was either taken from the native americans ( bigfoot ) or brought from europe ( sinterklaas -  santa claus ) ... 
  i wrote a separate comment on that . 
  the significance of it is that a headscarf protects from dirt , rain , cold and the sun . 
  until the 60s or so it was extremely common everywhere in europe . 
  it first started to be replaced by hats in western europe 's cities and later it became normal not to wear any kind of head protection . 
  the former eastern bloc is simply a bit behind in this development . 
  this applies to men too , by the way - wearing hats and caps was far more common back then . 
  when was the last time you saw a guy with top hat ? 
  what about it ? 
     london is the most corrupt city in the world , housing billions and billions of terrorists , dictators ' money , almost all of it stolen , whether in banks or property . 
    us is similar in that regard , a lot of stolen wealth hides in the us and then you have the domestic corruption , i still call it corruption whether it was made legal or not well , banks are often involved in immoral and/or illegal dealings , but that only goes to show that there are problems with the industry itself . 
   and come on . 
  american humans rights is trash , just go look at their prison system , or guantanamo , or look at civil forfeiture , or how they treat workers or the poor . 
  all valid points , but the human rights record of most countries worldwide is much worse ; and even in europe not every country fulfills high german or scandinavian standards . 
  russia certainly does not . 
   this is ignoring the obvious disdain they show daily to civilian life in other countries , murdering thousands on a monthly basis . 
  the us are fighting a war in syria , iraq and arguably afghanistan . 
  wars claim civilian casualties . 
  i expect of the us to attempt to minimise the amount of civilian deaths ; but the only scenario without any civilian casualties is one without the us intervening . 
  it is very unlikely the us is causing thousands of casualties monthly ( i am going by the numbers from airwars ) but i will not deny that the cost in civilian life has been high . 
  the term `` murder '' will , again , be inappropriate in most of these cases . 
  and lastly , when we 're talking about the us causing civilian casualties , we better also mention russia 's terrible record in this matter . 
  but france is not libertarian . 
  i believe their approach to social issues is often very different from the us . 
  oh come on . 
  i dislike britain leaving the eu and american exceptionalism as much as the next person , but as far as human rights or corruption go , comparing these countries to russia is going too far . 
  nationalism and corruption can be found in lots of european states . 
  i am living in freiburg , so green in more than one sense actually . 
  it is pretty obvious really - the uk . 
  more specifically : england . 
  scotland is a bit of a different story . 
  self-determination is part of international law . 
  and it would not matter if it were n't - i will not condone in any way a potential spanish annexation against the will of gibraltars inhabitants . 
  gibraltars status should be decided by the gibraltarians .
