are you kidding ? 
  he 's everywhere in the south west and alsace . 
  when you occupied freiburg , he built fortifications here and in neuf-brisach . 
  in freiburg his legacy is apparent in the kind of hip , relatively new quarter of [ vauban ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vauban,_freiburg ) , built on the grounds of the old vauban barracks . 
  yes , because it still thinks in terms of `` eat in order not to be eaten '' which the eu has managed to largely leave behind . 
  then there 's their whole shtick with authoritarianism , disregard for anything perceived as non-russian etc. 
  what i could imagine being construed as anti-polish could be his aim to extend the labour laws that apply to french to poles working in france . 
  positive . 
  for france , for germany , for europe . 
  i do n't agree 100 % , but all in all i am not very convinced by the criticism . 
  it also was hardly a surprise with the french political environment that he 'd be under constant scrutiny . 
  i 'm not a sorb , but occasionally there were attacks on them by nazis apparently . 
  and sometimes bilingual signs are vandalised . 
  i believe it 's far better by now though . 
  are you post-soviet though ? 
  hjemmetyskere come to mind . 
  and i believe its also because you only ever had a thousand jews or so . 
  i do n't believe this can possibly be determined , but speaking from experiences on here , the romaniany seem relatively nice . 
  the term i 'd use would be `` indigenous minorities '' . 
  and yes , there are several ethnic groups here , among them the [ sorbs ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sorbs ) in lusatia in the states of saxony and brandenburg , the [ frisians ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/frisians ) on some shores of the north sea - they also live in the netherlands - and a danish minority in schleswig . 
  all of their languages enjoy co-official status and government support , for example through the removal of the 5 % threshold for the danish party ssw . 
  some might also count low germans or at least the [ low german language ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/low_german ) as an ethnic group , though that is not a majority opinion . 
  it nevertheless enjoys official status . 
  if they are not living right at the border between aldi nord and s\u00fcd , they probably do n't have much of a choice . 
  from the outside you appear to be very close together , there really is just a swiss stereotype ( builds clocks , dresses traditionally , is conservative and freedom-loving ) . 
  but does that hold up ( not the stereotype , the impression that you are all very close ) ? 
  the cantons have such extensive rights , and then there 's the language border . 
  i believe that as well , yes . 
  the most important obstacle would be the economy then . 
  russia would be a greater danger for greenland i believe . 
  and i am not talking about declarations of war but for example russian mining companies or ships intruding on greenlands waters knowing there 'll be no repercussions . 
  what do they want to change exactly ? 
  i am sure in theory a private person could just run for office already , right ? 
  as far as i know , a full on federalisation would remove westminster 's ability to revoke these devolved powers at will and enshrine them as a constitutional principle . 
  it 's hard to imagine for me how that 'd work though , the uk not having a written constitution etc. 
  but nevertheless , are these independence movements viable ? 
  do these territories have enough of an economy to sustain themselves ? 
  so why is r/de being previewed when linking to r/german ? 
  did it take adjusting ? 
  sometimes i ca n't understand austrians myself . 
  did you learn german as second language ? 
  usually its french or spanish i 've heard . 
  i can imagine it vividly . 
  maybe it helps to know these germans are the same here ? 
  i ca n't confirm that , from personal experience . 
  you know it 's reddit if this comment is the one generating the most discussion . 
  create it !, 
  that 's what international law tries to prevent . 
  we do n't know how a war between our countries would look like but i hope we will both avoid civilian casualties . 
   whenever a war breaks out . 
  it is very easy to be cynical and pessimistic in this world but look at the battle of baghdad in 2003 for an aerial bombing campaign conducted with the aim to not cause civilian suffering and purely attack military targets . 
  that 's what international law tries to prevent . 
  we do n't know how a war between our countries would look like but i hope we will both avoid civilian casualties . 
   whenever a war breaks out . 
  it is very easy to be cynical and pessimistic in this world but look at the battle of baghdad in 2003 for an aerial bombing campaign conducted with the aim to not cause civilian suffering and purely attack military targets . 
  well we know it did , but that 's not relevant to whether or not these acts were war crimes . 
  war is already a sad state of affairs that allows people to kill combatants without repercussions , we should not extend this to civilians as well . 
  international law says otherwise . 
  basic morals do as well . 
   uhh yeah . . that 's kinda the point and outcome of a bombing raid . 
  not before the area bombing directive . 
  the fact that americans and brits considered it the point does n't make it right , does it now ? 
   i hardly think the germans were aiming at fields all night during the blitz and i am sure you do n't believe the blitz was a legitimate act of warfare in accordance with human rights ? 
  if not , i am sure you will see why i consider the attacks on japan and germany war crimes as well . 
  no , but augsburger puppenkiste did asian fairytales too , so maybe that 's it . 
  i 'm just seeing christoph waltz apparently was a singer in `` am dam des '' : o kasperltheater reminds me of the augsburger puppenkiste . 
  because in all the cases i mentioned civilians were deliberately targeted and killed . 
  legitimate bombing would be the destruction of trains , railroads , factories relevant for the war effort , barracks , dockyards , military hqs and government buildings involved in conducting the war . 
  a war crime , just as the bombings of tokio , dresden or hamburg were . 
   commissar rex i 'd suggest you barricade your door , the austrian cobra is about to knock it down . 
  do you have an equivalent ? 
  also , add l\u00f6wenzahn to the `` how it 's made '' shows . 
  but these opt outs came long after you joined , unless you 're referring specifically to the maastricht treaty . 
  yeah , boston it is . 
  or jamestown ? 
  i mean if we use a left/right scale , what else would these ideas be ? 
  you 're just jealous you ca n't be part of it . 
  the honest answer is that yes , you 'd be considered far left in germany and have maybe 1-2 % of people agreeing with you . 
  posting on r/askeurope, 
  what about early works of ernst lubitsch , before he went to hollywood ? 
  oh geez , you people need to read 1984 . 
  that 's the big brother i meant . 
  it was a joke . 
  not a very good one all right . 
  i mean it does n't hurt anyone . 
  there 's also north europe which probably does n't even cover 15 % . 
  if a person can be the big brother , a country should not have any problems with being the little one . 
  it depends . 
  if one distinguishes between west , east and central europe , you are in central europe with poland , germany , austria etc. 
  if there 's only west and east , you 'd probably be put into the east . 
  yes , there 's a prussian and a swabian line , the swabian one being the older . 
  there 's even a hohenzollern castle near t\u00fcbingen . 
  must mean i do n't know you . 
  i know no one who 'd do that though . 
  regardless of age . 
     to be honest , the time we discussed the caniabal of rotenburg during criminal law was one of the rare circumstances where the complete lecture hall was on the floor laughing . 
  seems to be a common occurence . 
   if it can be proved without a doubt that well , it ca n't . 
  wrongful imprisonment and executions are real problems . 
  thing is the victim of a wrongful execution ca n't be compensated .
