  it historically developed that way . 
  we already had an erzkanzler during the middle ages . 
  upvoted for honesty . 
  what ? 
  thanks !, 
  i really was a bit surprised by it . 
  it is a regional thing that transcends borders . 
  just think of h\u00e4usle or tannenz\u00e4pfle . 
   the first university-educated intellectuals identifying themselves as estonians , including friedrich robert faehlmann ( 1798 -- 1850 ) , kristjan jaak peterson ( 1801 -- 1822 ) and friedrich reinhold kreutzwald ( 1803 -- 1882 ) , came to prominence in the 1820s . 
  the ruling elite had remained predominantly german in language and culture since the conquest of the early 13th century . 
  garlieb merkel ( 1769 -- 1850 ) , a baltic german estophile , was the first author to treat the estonians as a nationality equal to others are such names still common in estonia ? 
  well it is still a bit vague . 
  some random pieces of advice : if you want to save money by buying food yourself , be advised that on sunday most shops will be closed . 
  if you do n't know german , you should still get by with english , in urban areas and with young people especially . 
  for more detailed information , you should really ask some specific questions . 
  there are millions of tourists here every year ( just like in spain , i guess ) and most do just fine . 
  i mean , are you a tourist ? 
  or are you planning on staying longer ? 
  it is hard to get more specific given the lack of information . 
  generally you should n't break the law , be rude etc. 
  being from hamburg - i feel ya . 
  you put milk in your tea ? 
  just thought he was an interesting person with a cool name . 
  and i do n't believe most germans will know him actually . 
  except those living in konstanz of course . 
  so why the ue ? 
   flammenkuechen why do french seem to always write it with ue ? 
  it is n't really an adaption fro '' \u00fc '' , because in alsatian it is n't `` flammk\u00fcchen '' , right ? 
  it certainly is n't in german . 
  would that still apply to czechs from the north of bohemia ? 
  just seems like saxony would be a more obvious choice . 
  in cities mostly , a bit like `` woah , dude '' maybe . 
  unless you can quote actual representative statistics on this , do n't spread this myth . 
  if i exclude eastern germany , i 'd say it would be either czechia or poland . 
  it 'd be interesting to know how many people actually think in regions instead of nations . 
  people from frankfurt ( oder ) and slubice for example . 
  civic nationalism is ignorant and useless . 
  its proponents operate under the assumption that an ( ethnic ) nation state already exists and use civic nationalism to increase loyalty to said state . 
  it is dishonest , because it can not account for nations that are not united or oppressed by foreign powers . 
  why does it matter if the `` in '' - group is european instead of slovenian ? 
  so you would say that defining an `` in '' - and `` out '' - group is or can be beneficial ? 
  the reasoning really is the same . 
  european federalism falls in that same category as well , only using a european identity instead of a national one . 
  a healthy dose of patriotism is the glue that keeps societies together . 
  a german term i really like is * schicksalsgemeinschaft * - `` group bound together by fate '' . 
  if that already qualifies as `` nationalism '' , then i might be a nationalist . 
  however , i do n't want every aspect of my life or our politics be shaped by it . 
  once nationalism infringes on ones ability to critically think and reason or even justifies crimes , it has went too far . 
  that is n't austrian or viennese , exists in germany as well . 
  how do they call algebra in polish ? 
  which region ? 
  maybe it is because of sweden 's role in ww2 and the fact that they did n't join nato . 
  but i think switzerland usually goes a step further as far as being identified with neutrality . 
  i feel that 'd make more sense for switzerland . 
  i absolutely have to disagree . 
  what is a `` germanic '' ethnicity supposed to be ? 
  by that standard only scandinavians are actually `` ethnically germanic '' . 
  i am sorry , but do you even know who settled in saxony , brandenburg , mecklenburg a thousand years ago ( west slavic tribes ) ? 
  or of the romans and celts who lived in rheinland-pfalz , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and bayern ? 
  the french humanists and protestants immigrating to german states ? 
  the poles settling in west germany and berlin during the partitions ? 
  if you 're looking for `` pure '' germanic dna , it is not germany you 're looking for . 
  yes , i know . 
  i think it has more to do with how obsolete the german question has become in a time of european integration and the cold war . 
   hence we cut out all the germanic [ ... ] in us but you still identify as `` germanic '' , right ? 
  i mean , even the german swiss do it . 
  austrians are certainly not romance speakers . 
  from my experience those austrians disliking vienna they usually hide it from non-austrians . 
  i meant that the ns rulers did n't really respect worker 's rights either . 
  it is a cultural thing i guess . 
  you can recognise an austrian pretty easily , he 'll immediately remind you that you are a piefke or ( sau ) prei\u00df lest you assume he is a bavarian and tell you how much more cultured and easygoing than berlin and germany vienna and austria respectively are . 
  an interesting idea of course considering the most recent presidential elections there for example . 
   i did n't want to excuse anything what happenend then but austria was a dictatorship back then which supressed workers rights , i could see why people were happy at first if austrians had a problem with that , then why would they have been glad to join nazi germany ? 
  they all taste the same anyway . ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  it is not being smug , we just have an abundance of german tv , movies , books etc. 
  i do n't think you can say the same for norway , so exposure to english will be greater there . 
  i resent some of the little englanders who voted for brexit , not because of their choice in the referendum but because of their behaviour in other contexts . 
  but why should i suddenly dislike the whole country ? 
  so there have been germans in the us from very early on , famous examples are the hessian mercenaries in british employ and people like baron von steuben . 
  but even before quite some germans left europe for religious reasons , here the amish come to mind . 
  a wave of liberal german democrats emigrated after the failed revolution of 1848 , among them carl schurz for example who rose quite high in us politics . 
  however , most germans emigrated during the second half of the 19th century , mostly to the midwest , to find land and labour . 
  they were so numerous that many germans who stayed in europe knew of some rich uncle who had made it in the us , which inspired them to leave as well . 
  america was considered a country of unlimited opportunities ( `` land der unbegrenzten m\u00f6glichkeiten '' ) . 
  for a long time , most ( maybe even all , i ca n't remember right now ) newspapers in iowa were published in german for example . 
  german-american culture was really strong until ww1 happened . 
  then the pressure to assimilate increased drastically , many germans changed their names and switched to english . 
  ww2 only exacerbated this development . 
  in the 1930s , lots of jewish germans also emigrated , for obvious reasons . 
  thanks , i actually did n't know myself . 
  oh , right . 
  misunderstood that . 
  so it is maastricht , i guess ? 
  a really nice city . 
  wait so you are from the german-speaking community ? 
  why do you have to learn german then ? 
  just do n't greet with `` heil !, 
  in all seriousness , i would take off the shoes when entering , better be `` too '' polite than offensive . 
  austrians are humans too , so as far as social interactions go , be loud and interrupt if you think it is appropriate and do n't do it if it is not . 
  i would n't say you have to bring a gift but go for it if you feel like it , it ca n't hurt .
