  court houses that are `` impressive '' were built that way to intimidate . 
  the reason why it 's so ugly is that the court was founded only after ww2 in order to increase judicial control of the other two powers . 
  its seat was built with the goal to reflect democratic values and distance oneself from the palace-like court buildings of earlier time . 
  it sure does . 
  germany has multiple courts of last appeal though , for example the [ federal court of justice ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lrxodxf.jpg ) or the [ federal administrative court ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5i1k2oz.jpg ) which are located in more traditional buildings . 
   they 've had immigrants crammed down their throats for 60 years , and been unable to say a damn thing about it . 
  now frustrations have boiled over , brexit has come around , but the `` racism '' taboo is strong , so they unleash their anger on the one group they can - poles . 
  this would have been observable for more than two years . 
  and some of my relatives exhibited some anti-polish sentiments longer than that , too . 
  all right mate . 
  trying to prove your statements could provide at least twenty social scientists with topics to write their theses on . 
  and you reply without any attempt at proving what you wrote ? 
  come on , i 'm just asking for some evidence here . 
  or even just personal experiences which might have led you to form your opinion . 
  you seem to be very convinced of your hypothesis . 
  but what substantiates it ? 
  it is hard to believe you otherwise . 
  and in a seedy room above a pub somewhere you probably would also hear xenophobic or racist remarks on non-white ethnicities , i guess . 
   the sure have inclination for that , centuries of it and lately ns and ns2 shows that sentiment is still strong . 
  `` the eternal german '' , i see . 
  he knew of physical , not sexual abuse , it seems . 
  a good example of european police cooperation . 
  yes , italy and germany should probably have been labeled as fascist , even though mussolinis fascist regime was n't as radical or racist as nazism ( partially explainable by the lack of italian jews in greater numbers of course ) . 
  you 're not reaching those people via reddit . 
  forest germans ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  who are the original germans then ? 
  do it . 
  judging just from page length , my cliches seem to be confirmed . 
  the conversation was born out of a comment that was probably less than half serious . 
  thing is there is in fact a catholic legal code that is of course not the same as islamic law . 
  the difference comes down to canon law applying to ecclesiastical bodies and members of the church , while sharia is an all-governing legal system including civil and criminal law . 
  i assure you that christians were very much capable of cutting off hands or capital punishment . 
   if you do not understand the difference between a legal code engrained in the holy book and interpreted as the direct word of god compared to this canon law , created by men , centuries after the foundation of the faith . 
  ... then what ? 
  canon law derives its authority from many sources , among them papal decretae , so literally from god or god 's substitute on earth . 
  and if you 're from a time where everyone actually believes in god and hell , excommunication is a pretty metal punishment, 
  more importantly , why are we reducing a complex situation to the point of absurdity by espousing an utterly black and white view of history that leaves no room for nuance and compassion whatsoever ? 
  are you familiar with the concept of paying damages ? 
  [ canon law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jurisprudence_of_canon_law ) our legal systems are influenced by roman law far more than by christian traditions . 
  * good university * close to berlin * affordable housing * pretty solid job market * alternative and `` hip '' scene for those considering berlin to be mainstream by now, 
  again , individuals . 
  nothing will happen to me if i live out my life without ever having children . 
  i 'll still be able to access the public hospitals and be entitled to a pension . 
  that is my point . 
  and that is part of the reason why just throwing more money at the problem wo n't help , because whatever happens - children still cost much , much more than the state would ever be able to pay you for raising them . 
  at least if you want to uphold certain standards . 
  directly demanding money from people for not having children ( after a certain age i guess ? ), 
  is indeed very radical , as it amounts to making birthing/fathering children an obligation . 
  it is certainly questionable whether this is in the this born children 's or parent 's best interest . 
  on the other hand , as i stated initally , giving benefits fr born children is already a thing . 
  and also - again - it does n't really work . 
  the difference here is that you 're still talking society in general while i am just trying to explain why individuals in advanced economies are not dependent on children to live healthy and be supported in their old age . 
   economy as well as society needs children , more than ever . 
  importing labor force is just a much cheaper `` solution '' . 
  you misunderstood . 
  i said that individually , we do n't need children anymore . 
  old age security , insurance , retirement homes etc. 
  have taken over roles traditionally fulfilled by children . 
  individuals no longer have to have children in order to survive disability and old age ( though technically no one survives old age ) . 
  the thing is that all advanced economies are trying to raise their birthrates . 
  it 's just not working . 
  money does n't fix it when you do n't need children economically anymore , society does n't expect you to have them and methods of contraception are readily available . 
  should n't have destroyed the fortress . 
  the problem is though that after the annexation of those regions , the allies both began war preparations . 
  it 's just that militarily and politically they could not attack just yet . 
  and of course it would have been better if hitler had been stopped then . 
  it would also have been better if hitler had been accepted as a painter . 
  well , they clearly did n't . 
  they fought on and won in the end . 
  what a dumb way to respond to a dumb comment . 
  immediate intervention after the annexation of czechoslovakia was not considered possible for the allied militaries . 
  however , both nations immediately began war preparations , as i already wrote . 
  i am not making the case that no mistakes were made , but i do definitely think some of the armchair generals in this thread should be a bit less harsh on the allies during the years leading up to the war . 
  hindsight is everything . 
  yes , as i said - outdated stratgoc thinking and mistakes . 
  do you think they purposefully lost ? 
  absolutely not . 
  they did , i really do n't understand how people are so up in arms about the phoney war . 
  the german offensive was based on ridiculous amounts of luck and a surprise element . 
  `` did fuck all '' ? 
  britain and france both declared war . 
  immediately after the complete annexation of czechoslovakia both nations had begun preparing their militaries . 
  the problem was outdated strategic thinking ( expecting the war to be like the 1st world war ) , not `` doing fuck all '' . 
  he was a bit crazy even before , he actually started to believe he was old shatterhand and chief of a tribe of apaches himself . 
  i do n't know , maybe he had the time for something like this after he lost his job . 
  karl may was a colourful figure - he called himself a doctor without ever having attended university . 
  he sat in prison for a time and wrote his first books on the wild west without ever having been to america . 
  [ some even were successful . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_texan ), 
  well that is kind of my point here ... ? 
  i 'm not saying he was up in arms about his nationality , but if i were to compile a list of german medieval rulers , it would feature him . 
     why would he declare him as `` father of the country '' at his funeral then ? 
  to say a few nice words at a great statesman 's funeral probably . 
  charles founded prague university after all , among many other architectural projects etc. 
  also just because someone declares someone something does n't mean we know more about the beliefs held by the person itself . 
  many people were called `` pater patriae '' throughout history . 
  and lastly country does not equal nation . 
  the country was bohemia , but bohemia included many germans besides czechs , in addition to jews , poles , hungarians and so on . 
  well , i am .
