  well , the court did comment that it considered the link of causality between the vaccines and mr. pasteur 's injuries sufficient . 
  rather , the ecj did n't rule on the specific case because it is n't allowed to . 
  it just answered questions posed to it by the french cour de cassation , which is actually a very rare occurence . 
  those judges do n't usually like the ecj that much . 
  yeah , not just germany , though `` europe '' might be a bit too much . 
  in any case , the destruction of the palatinate , the rhineland , baden etc. 
  would probably have been what informed this author 's opinion on the french . 
  there is a mistake in the `` science '' row . 
  secular law is not a natural science , it is the worldly counterpart to ecclesiastical law , which was assigned to the italians . 
  what is meant is probably the study of roman law that relied on emperor justinian 's corpus iuris civilis , the very foundation of the civil law tradition . 
  ecclesiastical law used the corpus iuris canonici . 
  oh i miss the old days of the german language , when no orthographic rules existed and everyone just wrote how they felt looked good . 
  the whole map is obviously written from a german point of view . 
  but do n't be surprised - at this point in time , the french had literally been destroying and pillaging west germany in countless of wars during the previous 200 years or so . 
  did you actually watch the video ? 
  because he argues in the opposite direction - he wants britains vote to be weighed even higher than the maltese one . 
  a valid point , but modern aircraft are relying on electronics and information technology to such an extent that a hack would make them useless already . 
  they can still take off , yes , but the pilots would be easy targets for functional aircraft . 
  it probably should be an unmanned aircraft . 
  that 's where the future lies , and developing a capable model today could give us an edge over competitors . 
  irrelevant to the point at hand . 
  terrorism means efforts to spread fear and terror in order to achieve some political goal . 
  it should be obvious to anyone with some education in history that terror attacks took place for many different reasons and in many different places , from the st. nedelya church attack to the ira to the young italy activists to the german autumn to the ku klux klan to the farc in latin america . 
  it disproves the idea that terrorism is somehow exclusive to the middle east or islam . 
  it is a very simple concept - the point is to not take on new debt but rather slowly reduce the existing one . 
  germany 's economy is doing very well right now - when are we supposed to pay back our debt if not right now ? 
  certainly not during the next crisis . 
  i heard about those occurrences , yes . 
  a disappointment , to say the least . 
  sure . 
  while i have n't talked with czechs on the subject , i did with a fair amount of poles and if i may extrapolate , it seemed to me quite obvious that opposition to islam was more of a front for most of them . 
  it became apparent that they would also not approve of i.e. 
  a christian arab or asian immigrating , simply because in the end it was about race and not religion . 
  maybe czechs are completely different in this , i honestly do n't know . 
  but that is where my skepticism comes from - if klaus ' or other similar sentiments were purely aimed at an intolerant ideology i could understand them better ; or even support them myself . 
  i am not pretending it is . 
  but let us also not pretend his views are fringe or on the very far end of czech public opinion . 
   live and let live do n't know where that 's coming from , klaus certainly does n't seem to think like that . 
  weird , i generally expected small countries to do far better ; and yes - switzerland is a small country and won - but there are large countries like france or the u.k. that still outperform austria or new zealand for example . 
  i would , just as spaniards for the most part do today . 
  because the wrongful character of an action is not dependent on whether it was successfully executed or not . 
  then i am sorry for lashing out a bit , just thought it was really tasteless to describe the holocaust as a `` little wrong action '' . 
  i do n't really see where you are getting at with rating countries by their supposed turkophobia ... ? 
  besides , i do n't think you 'll find someone in germany ( or most other countries ) disagreeing that ww2 was a horrible event that should never have taken place . 
  i fear your reasons for saying so are misguided though . 
  starting the war would have been wrong even if we had gotten away with it . 
  quit telling me about german history or mentality , especially if you 're the kind of person that looks at historical maps and fantasizes about `` potential '' and considers opposition to war to be a bad thing . 
   but a little wrong action and bam if that is supposed to refer to the second world war and/or the holocaust , then just fuck off . 
  yes , let 's ponder about these losses in five hundred years still , that truly is the epitome of dignity . 
  i am not defending one specific instance . 
  the point here is that in general , there are scenarios in which interventions become necessary and even a responsibility we should not shy away from . 
  no matter what you might like to pretend , we do not exist in a vacuum , completely cut off from the rest of the world . 
  we are influenced by it and we influence it . 
  shutting eyes and ears to this simple fact is indicative of a biedermeier mindset on a national scale . 
  that is not what i wrote or meant . 
  however , i 'd like our country to recognise more that sometimes handing out carrot after carrot does n't work , that sometimes one has to use a stick in order to achieve ones objectives . 
  and that therefore one should have a stick ready to be used . 
  how especially germans can be so mindlessly and dogmatically opposed to any kind of foreign intervention or gun boat diplomacy , as you call it , is beyond me . 
  any attempts at reforestation ? 
  i know scotland has been making efforts to regrow forests in the highlands for example . 
  all right , mr. `` the west is responsible for the conflict in eastern ukraine '' klaus . 
  social security , industrial subsidies . 
  spd and cdu are our main political parties . 
  both are rather centrist , with the cdu being center-right and more conservative while the spd , being the traditional worker 's party , is center-left and more progressive . 
  these last four years they have governed together in a grand coalition . 
  cdu is merkels party . 
  neither spd nor cdu stand for `` more refugees '' . 
  we create jobs in europe , of course we need to be hated for that . 
  eu elitism or european one ? 
  there is a significant difference . 
  then why not have an in-depth geological discussion on the metals forming the earths core , after all this thread is about a polish tradition and poland is located on planet earth ? 
  impressive . 
  no it 's fucking pathetic to bring it up at this point , especially in unrelated threads , and to excuse it by pointing to nonexistent comments . 
  the name matters , not the intention . 
  rationale for protecting certain words is to make things clear-cut for the consumer , not to limit the free market by forbidding products that could replace others . 
  peanut butter is actually used as a spread in the us as far as i am aware . 
  and while the milk industry probably thinks like that i do n't think this can be an official position . 
  then we 'd have to forbid margarine too . 
  while the term `` butter '' is protected and usually reserved for milk products , an [ exception is made for peanut butter ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:32007r1234 ) . 
  trust me , it 's better if you find out from me instead of the baltics themselves coming after you . 
   eastern european booh !, 
  geographic enlargement is not comparable to further integration . 
  and personally i do n't think accepting the eastern states was bad for the eu . 
   no , we do n't need the immobilism they bring to the table . 
  i think we kind of do in a weird way . 
  the uk and several other states gave a voice to those opposed to quick and possibly careless federalisation . 
  france is the voice of fast integration . 
  germany has usually been more or less in the middle . 
  brexit has ripped apart this balance . 
  the eu needs the uk . 
  i 'd be extremely happy if they were to return . 
  often foreigners who learned a language really well have some advantage over native speakers in vocabulary and writing . 
  is that supposed to be some joke or do you actually think like that ? 
  i like that teutschland . 
  not necessarily if you are endangering your own life though . 
  ... but not necessarily what europe is like . 
  there definitely are lots of false ideas and expectations involved . 
  yes of course , it is well known that the ships are sunk deliberately in order to gain access to the eu . 
  do n't you know that ? 
   force them to turn back .
