  his death is also quite mysterious , with many speculating he was murdered and did not commit suicide near lake starnberg . 
  he is called * m\u00e4rchenk\u00f6nig * ( fairy tale king ) . 
  bavaria only became a kingdom in 1805/06 as napoleons little satellite . 
  when the holy roman empire still existed , there could n't be any kings besides the emperor ( the bohemian king being the only exception ) . 
  it is interesting to see baroque and 19th century architecture merged together in this one . 
  i love brick gothic architecture , it can be seen everywhere in north germany and the baltic states as well . 
  this is one of the most impressive buildings in that style though . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  that is not true for most of german history . 
  many , many castles and palaces have been built by dukes , margraves and counts . 
  it is working pretty well , thanks . 
   hates corrupt eu establishment another extremely western thing to do . 
  his political career is most likely done after this . 
  he will not rise higher than vice chancellor . 
  and i never understood the vitriolic hate directed against him ; but i guess it is because i also do n't hate agenda 2010 like many people on the left do . 
   there are reasons why we have different rules than the usa , and with ttip we would get sued by a company if we want to stick to those values this is not true . 
  under ttip countries would of course have preserved the ability to set rules to protect worker 's rights and the environment . 
  blatant discrimination would have been brought before the arbitration courts and i do n't understand how this is bad . 
  i want my country to allow competition and not be biased because of protectionism . 
  ttip also was a chance to set worldwide regulatory standards and develop an international arbitration system . 
  all gone now , i guess . 
   the problem is that , atm , there is nothing that greece alone can do to be attractive compared to germany , which has a large demographic deficit . 
  being in europe , the young , the talentful are given the opportunity to move , and greece is left with nothing to build its future . 
  many do actually return , even if it is a few years later . 
  and there is simply nothing germany can do to create greek jobs in sufficient numbers . 
  the greeks working abroad are at least in a better position than those greeks staying and being unemployed . 
  i would be fine with increasing the amount france and germany pay into eu development funds . 
  i think the eu should help greece in dealing with the migrant crisis more . 
  it has done a tremendous job largely on its own . 
  i believe we should support greece in overhauling its bureaucracy and fighting corruption with know how and money . 
  many german companies have invested in greece , which is good . 
  we should encourage this further in order to create jobs . 
  many greeks are studying in germany , which is good for greece once they return and manage to find work there . 
  greece also profits from eu regional development funds , which is good as well . 
  i 'd love to , i am not sitting at a desk in the eu commission building however . 
  the corruption perceptions index 2015 placed germany at # 10 and greece at # 58 . 
  which is an improvement but not the same by any means . 
  and greece did receive substantial debt relief ( forgiveness ) . 
  but at some point you need to recognise that pumping money into an economy suffering from structural problems is simply wasteful . 
  a complete haircut of debt would simply allow greece to take loans again to postpone structural improvement . 
   a good deal for the eu is also a good deal for the uk i am not sure i agree . 
  as far as economics go , the best deal for both parties would be that nothing changes . 
  but there is a political side to it as well : if britain gets all the benefits it wants without i.e. 
  accepting the four freedoms , this will amount to political suicide of an eu already shaken by euroscepticism . 
  many of its citizens would be angered at seeing britain receive a more advantageous position by leaving the eu than many countries have by staying in it . 
  i know this way of thinking is seen as petty by many in britain but it is a question of vital importance for the eu . 
  and i would say that it is indeed a bit entitled to leave an organisation without need but then expect to be treated better than other countries that did not leave said organisation . 
  to sum up , i am not sure a potential uk-eu deal will be negotiated under a purely economical premise . 
  being pragmatic entails getting the best deal for the eu during the negotiations though . 
  and while the western alliance is also driven by economic and military considerations , good personal connections are also needed . 
  and that will be problematic to achieve if eu leaders and theresa may are fletching their teeth at each other at the negotiating table . 
  it is true though that it will have to happen , i expect both uk and eu to make sure it does . 
  i wo n't say you are wrong , but it is a fact that the german government is not even allowed to join such a state . 
  maybe some people view this as an ideal to strive for ; but it is very , very distant and , as you said , the measures it would require are lacking support even from such idealists . 
   it 's the `` where it makes sense '' that 's the issue . 
  that 's going to be different for countries and individuals within those countries it is not a hollow phrase because , recognising that there are differences between the constituent nations , eu measures are usually compromises trying to console the different approaches and priorities . 
  it is politics 101 and true for national politics as well . 
  with each successful negotiation , the eu 's integratory power will increase , just as it happened in britain with its parliamentary system . 
  and do n't forget the principle of subsidiarity . 
  do you seriously not believe greece 's bureaucracy was inefficient , corrupt and inflated when the euro crisis took place ? 
  as far as i know , it has improved since but corruption is still an issue . 
  that is very optimistic of you . 
  but the brexit campaigns have caused a lot of bad blood between the rest of europe and britain ; and the next years will be dominated by hard negotiations with each party looking out for its own interests . 
  i do n't believe britain has the credibility or standing to act as a moderator at this point . 
  if by union you mean a superstate , then that is not at all what germans or french for example wish for . 
  the phrase `` ever closer union '' is being taken far too seriously by eu sceptics - to most it simply means trying to cooperate more where it makes sense . 
  no one here wants to give up the core of german sovereignty , this became apparent during the euro crisis . 
  in fact it would be unconstitutional to do so . 
  back when the uk could still pretend to be a superpower . 
  but now that the colonies are gone and the suez crisis happened , i feel britain would fare better by taking part in the european project . 
  a commonwealth union as a competitor to the eu is nought but a pipe dream . 
  and britain will have to ask itself if it is in its interest to divide the west at this time . 
   greece 's debt must be cut well , it has been cut . 
  and while the debt would have been gone , the corrupt , non functioning bureaucracy would remain . 
  saying it like that makes it seem as if 64 % of english are completely celtic , while in reality on average 64 % of english ** dna ** is celtic . 
  there are no `` pureblooded '' celts or anglo-saxons . 
  well , they were singing during the opening . 
  i do n't think i or you are qualified to make such an absolute decision . 
  it is the task of policymakers in greece and the eu to decide that . 
  sure , investments that pay off are good . 
  the question is simply , as ever , where the money is supposed to come from . 
   postponing chemotherapy sessions i do n't consider those unnecessary expenses . 
  it is wrong to expect a completely inflated and artificial level of gdp to stay the same during a crisis . 
  what sort of counter-cyclical policies could have prevented greece 's gdp from shrinking ? 
  of course i am aware , i am simply saying that it should not be too controversial to cut unnecessary expenses once income shrinks . 
  i posted it because your comment seemed a bit too one-sided , that is , as if cutting costs was inherently bad . 
  are you thinking of bugs ? 
  lovely how a poem intended for all of mankind is now `` our '' hymn . 
  if your income falls drastically , you should probably look to cut expenses as well , to a certain point at least . 
  rex romanorum was first used by the ottonian dynasty to emphasise their claim on the title of ( roman ) emperor . 
  in practice it was a pr move to counter papal propaganda calling them rex teutonicorum or teutonicus ( king of germany/german king ) . 
  during the ottonian and salian era , the empire ( encompassing the three kingdoms ) would just be called romanum imperium or simply imperium . 
  that is a term that was not commonly used at the time . 
  the `` holy '' part came much later , after the investiture controversy . 
  under that definition of `` french '' any territory france annexes becomes `` rightfully '' french soon after . 
  it seems like a dangerous idea to have , to be honest . 
  it could justify too much evil for my liking . 
  not even that , at this point in time it would have been simply `` regnum francorum orientalum '' . 
  she has led germany and arguably europe for years now . 
  it is n't the person that 's the problem .
