  anything is better than combining the regions . 
  `` languedoc-pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es '' has no charme to it , it seems bland and generic . 
  i dearly hope the responsible officials respect the result of the referendum . 
  as a german i should know - mecklenburg-vorpommern , rheinland-pfalz , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , nordrhein-westfalen , sachsen anhalt are all german states . 
  because they recognised that only a small part of the british public is susceptible to appeals to `` european identity '' and a larger part would be irritated and angered by it . 
  so they went with hard economic facts instead . 
  good news , though i did n't expect northern ireland to be among the places profiting from a weak pound . 
  republican army ? 
  would be in bad taste . 
  oh god ... 
  i am flattered , but most of europe has sided against russia in the ukraine crisis . 
  schulz will not be elected . 
  what are you on about ? 
  the 2 % goal was agreed upon in 2014 and germany is slowly reaching it . 
  voluntarily , not because we owe anything to trump or the us in general . 
  i do n't think germany is responsible for the holocaust . 
  the nazi regime is not germany . 
  i think that generally speaking if there are people responsible , it 's those who were in power at the time . 
  it 's not germany . 
  the former - obviously britain is relevant on the world stage . 
  well you then would n't be giving them anything they do n't already have . 
  it is fair to say that russia will want more than that . 
  ukraine in nato / stationing us troops in considerable strength in ukraine is arguably the biggest affront to russia you could think of , sevastopol is nothing against that . 
  ukraine would probably not be happy about it either . 
  no one is attempting to create a superstate . 
  the fallout from the eu failing would be unthinkable . 
  it is more likely that existing regulations and provisions would be kept . 
  again , i think you are blowing things out of proportion . 
  but even so - what would you give russia to stop them from doing what exactly ? 
  so being on good terms would ease tensions . 
  but what is the price you 'd pay for being on good terms ? 
  also , i feel you are underestimating the us . 
  russia will never use its nukes and without them it is a mere regional power . 
  why ? 
  assad will continue fighting , the various rebels and militias will continue fighting ... russia might stop supporting assad or the us could stop supporting the various rebel factions . 
  a huge geopolitical loss of face respectively and not exactly a good basis for negotiations . 
  and then there is ukraine of course . 
   that would never ever happen . 
  in a referendum on staying in the eu his and le pens electorate would vote the same way , right ? 
  that is an implicit alliance . 
  and you are right - no one would benefit . 
  france leaving would be the death blow to the eu . 
  which is why i do n't like that he casually makes such threats ( extortions ) . 
  of course you are . 
  it will be interesting though how much support johnson will get . 
  this statement is hopefully an indicator that britain will not shift its foreign policy drastically ( excepting brexit of course ) . 
  i 'd like to be on good terms with everyone on this world . 
  sadly it is n't that easy most of the time . 
  but if a considerable percentage of his voters are against leaving , he is really shooting himself in the foot . 
  an alliance with le pen also wo n't drive his popularity up . 
  and which allies does he have on the european stage ? 
  i see him in a very weak position to be honest . 
  do n't you think it is childish and undiplomatic to threaten with something you are not prepared to follow through with ? 
  russia has strong ties with russia ... ? 
  dislike is a bit of a strong word - it 's just that hamburg and munich are the two largest cities after berlin . 
  one is in the far north , the other in the far south etc. 
  stereotypes and a bit of a friendly rivalry tends come with that . 
  on the same sites the 9/11 truthers find their evidence ? 
  we 're actually doing very well as far as tourism goes . 
  the problems are more related to the harbour and shipping industries . 
  and then there 's football of course . 
  i 'm glad you enjoyed your stay though . 
   i was a bit lost in the reeperbahn ( am i spelling it right ? ), 
  you are . 
  yes , there is a north/south rivalry and , more specifically , one between hamburg and munich . 
  and hamburg is losing out unfortunately , which is why i am always pleasantly surprised when foreigners see more of germany than oktoberfest in munich . 
  does not like munich \u2713 you 're saying all the right things here . 
  shame on me . 
   most german cities are beautiful , before the war maybe , most large cities are by no means what i 'd call `` pretty '' today . 
  i immediately associate these types of houses with poland . 
  it 's baroque , right ? 
  am i the only one for whom the video is weirdly cut off ? 
  it is interesting to hear this from a czech of all people . 
  maybe you 're right as far as reforms go , though we ca n't realistically know what would have happened either way . 
  especially since the nazi dictatorship was not a necessary result of versailles . 
  it 's all speculation of course but i think you are giving the german/austrian political and military elites a bit too much credit . 
  but the k.u.k. 
  monarchy would probably not have been dissolved and the czechs for example would not have formed their own state . 
   imagine a french monsieur hitler . 
  who would probably be a belgian by birth . 
  you can compare everything , but not everything is worth comparing . 
  while the plantation system was partly responsible for the great famine , it does not relate to the actions of the british government at the time , which have to be taken into account when calling its response to the famine `` genocidal '' . 
  the actions of cromwell are another matter and might even warrant the tag `` genocide '' - i do n't know much about him of the top of my head . 
   any one telling you these policies were beneficial to the native population is a fucking muppet , a wanker , a cunt of the highest order . 
  well , of course they were not . 
  but how is this relevant ? 
  he is not disputing that . 
   but the first guy is still pretty abhorrently awful and is nowhere near innocent . 
  i do n't think u/teokajlibroj is arguing that . 
  in essence , the british government 's behaviour was naive , foolish , incompetent , callous , uncompassionate , negligent and ideological . 
  it deserves to be called out and criticised ; but the tag `` genocide '' is not appropiate . 
  did the british government at the time pursue policies with the goal to starve irish people ? 
  as far as i know the reason for the ineffective and delayed british response was the widespread belief in laissez-faire capitalism . 
  ... which was for the most part a plan other countries than germany benefited from . 
   so that point is moot . 
  you kind of brought that point up by suggesting everyone will start to work `` half-assed '' . 
   that would include all employees and both genders then with a blanket effect according to this law . 
   you end up with the same issue . 
  not really - companies will be free to reduce or increase pay for newly negotiated contracts ( as long as they conform to any relevant requirements of course ) depending on their current revenue or profit . 
  what they actually ca n't do is pay someone less or more because of their gender .
