  china is heavily influenced by the west though . 
  maybe not assimilated , but still ... 
  compare chinese culture around 1986 and 2016 , there was a lot of change in mere 30 years . 
  china as a state may be prosperous , it 's people surely are not . 
  it 's getting better , but the living standard of the west is utopia for ~ 80 % of chinese . 
   register imams to keep checks on them agreed . 
  islamic ( all religions actually ) should be run in an organised and orderly fashion and all preachers should have to be approved by the state they want to preach in . 
   forbid muslims from living together and forming ghettos what ? 
  for one , that 's basically impossible to enforce - what does `` living together '' mean ? 
  a muslim family ca n't have a direct muslim neighbour ? 
  and if the neighbour converts ? 
  do we send in the police then ? 
  but more importantly , i agree that `` european culture '' or what we think it consists of , is , by and large , at its current state , superior to most muslim cultures in their current state , by and large . 
  freedom of religion , tolerance and civil rights are key parts of european culture , in my opinion . 
  you 'd throw all of that over board ? 
  it is sensible to * discourage * ghettos from forming , i agree there . 
  for example , i think the state should place refugees in regions where they can be integrated best . 
  targeting ordinary inhabitants and citizens who have not committed any prior offenses ( the majority of migrants , by the way ) because of their religion or origin , however , is a dreadful idea . 
   we need to be stronger , not weaker , i never suggested being `` weaker '' - and what does that even mean ? 
   we need to have the courage to deport criminals who have dual citizenships , agreed . 
   as i see it , if we prove incapable of solving the integration problem , then we must stop immigration indefinitely until we figure things out . 
  we ca n't just let the problem grow without knowing how to deal with it . 
  doubt that 's necessary at this point . 
  also , i would n't ban all immigration . 
  at least in germany , there are groups of immigrants who we massively profit from . 
  oh my , that 's worse actually . 
  i also meant it as a more general remark , not necessary directed at you . 
   it seems she herself has been more pro-immigration . 
  the shitposts all over reddit make it seem like that , yes . 
  just one more reason not to use reddit comments as your news source . 
   respectfully , we need to tackle the integration problem . 
  agrees wholeheartedly . 
  though the 70 % figure is an estimation , i think it definitely shows there is a large integration problem . 
  but i ca n't really argue with a number , right ? 
  usually minorities are overrepresented in crime/poverty statistics ; and there are many reasons why that happens , including lack of education , actual or imagined disadvantagement , cultural barriers hindering integration etc. 
  i guess i need to know what your idea of solving the problem is . 
  there certainly is one , though many muslims in france and germany live perfectly integrated lives , too . 
  it is the very definition of circlejerking . 
  and please , if you want to get an interesting discussion going , such comments are definitely `` not good enough '' . 
  and if one does n't want to get an interesting discussion going , why the hell would one even comment ? 
  because of internet points ? 
  to reinforce your beliefs and avoid having them questioned ? 
  neither are good reasons . 
   please . 
  let people post what they want . 
  i do . 
  i neither downvote nor report them . 
  much more than can be said for a large percentage of the people in question . 
  you know , the ones crying about `` censorship '' and attempt to censor everything they mislike themselves . 
  these comments are so similar and over the place i start to believe they 're being written by the same person . 
  or that they are from some shitpost database . 
  they certainly do n't add anything to the discussion . 
  this is pretty good , but you should n't have left out the arabs and islam . 
  both are extremely important in it 's history . 
  look , i disagree completely with the idea that being called american is in any way significant when considering german 's reactions to the migrant crisis . 
  add to that the fact that we 're in r/europe where all sorts of garbage is written in these threads , i snapped a bit i guess . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to call an at best mildly passive agressive question `` shit talking '' though . 
  anyway , good luck with your paper even if i doubt its premise somewhat . 
   i 'm thinking about writing a paper on that aspect of the crisis . 
  based on the information collected in r/europe ? 
  well , to be honest , i am pretty amazed how two politicians and their staff thought this would be a good idea , and i am kind of glad the cdu candidate 's withdrawal might force them to reconsider . 
  still , what this sub ( and the internet ) often forget is to remain civil ; and to take a few steps backward to think before jumping to conclusions . 
  to me , \u201e left `` in a german context would be the left wing of the spd -- labour rights , extension of public insurance and public schooling etc , but general support of the free market and capitalism . 
  die linke is definitely more radical in many of it 's demands -- `` far left '' , if you will . 
  but they 're not communists . 
  some of their plans for tax redistribution and lots of their rhetoric can be interpreted in that way , but by and large , they are a democratic party and supportive of personal freedom . 
  for those only reading the title : * only regional elections in sachsen-anhalt , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and rheinland-pfalz are affected . 
  * it happened against swr 's will * in stuttgart , the far-left party die linke is also banned from the debates . 
  still bad , but maybe this keeps some people from freaking out completely . 
  the fact that you 're even bringing this up does say a lot . 
   nothing of what i posted is inaccurate a good amount of what you posted is inaccurate ; an even larger amount is at the very least grossly exaggerated and none of it belongs in this thread . 
  are you even aware of the extent to which your judgement is clouded by your political conviction ? 
  what are you trying to prove here ? 
  you seem to be arguing about german 's understanding of energy supply when this was only ever about their concern over the environment . 
  that 's just not true . 
  if you were asking a random person on the street , chances are he 'd support alternative energies and would be shocked upon learning of the increase in emissions due to coal and gas . 
  also , caring about the environment can mean a lot more than energy policy . 
  every day-type stuff . 
  that 's more so because a lot of people are misinformed and/or do n't care about the details . 
  it 's not that anyone here wants to rely on coal and gas . 
  to be frank , that one is generally true . 
  much more so than in other countries . 
   why is it that us has strict visa restrictions for people from those areas ? 
  because it is unsafe . 
  same should be for eu . 
  the eu immigration policy is strict . 
  visa are not issued to refugees . 
  good job on not answering the question . 
  there 's a line you 've well and truly crossed with this . 
  not only is it incredibly disrespectful towards the passengers , but also to the victims of this years accident . 
  yes , but you need to bring your meat with you . 
  if the article is to be believed , russian artillery has been transported to syria , and it also explicitly mentions that both soldiers died during operations in syria . 
  so while you 're right in that it does not necessarily mean they saw ground combat , it does mean that russia deployed ground troops . 
  it would seem so , yet apparently they saw combat ( two deaths ) . 
  i think it 's worth mentioning , especially since spiegel 's analysis usually is accurate . 
  i also do n't want anything to do with people who vote for berlusconi . 
  or for merkel . 
  therefore i founded my own nation in my apartment . 
  visas available for 1000 $ each , thanks . 
  all of this is true , yet people here could n't stomach it and had to censor it .
