  there are german wwii graves in several places here in denmark for example and i have no problem with that . 
  they 're not there to remind us of how great nazism was after all . 
  they 're reminders of a terrible period of time that cost a lot of people their lives . 
  i have no problem with that being remembered at all and i do n't think we always have to go around assuming the worst about everyone . 
  agreed . 
   i do n't get butthurt over you guys having 1864 memorials etc. 
  you 're remembering your win , not our loss . 
  well , that 's good of you , but you said it yourself :  for every winner there 's also a loser . 
  you ca n't artificially celebrate a victory , it is by default dependent on another ones loss . 
  and i guarantee that most memorials here in germany , especially the more modern ones are intended to remember the deaths of countless soldiers and civilians , not to celebrate harm brought to others . 
   please do not assume that every hungarian has the same view on this issue never did , never will . 
  yes , they were an important political force . 
  but today they do n't lobby for any territorial compensation anymore . 
  it is mostly folklore at this point . 
  the argument i 'm making does not hinge on eu membership . 
  i 'd like to think there 's more than that keeping hungary from attacking serbia . 
  it is a door , signifying the homes people grew up and had lived in for centuries that then had to be hastily abandoned as the red army advanced . 
  there 's nothing wrong with remembering one 's history and i do n't want to imply that . 
  i am just asking if monolithic stone memorials like this one are n't more of an aggressive political statement instead of remembrance . 
  12 to 14 million people were expelled . 
  you ca n't know what they were `` ok '' with , especially as only up to 1 % of expelled germans were ever members of bdv . 
  bdv likes to pretend they represent all refugees , but they never did . 
  and neither do they now . 
  only serbia and ukraine have considerable hungarian populations , but most hungarians live in romania and slovakia ( apart from hungary obviously ) . 
  and those states are in the eu, 
  yeah , but it is over a hundred years ago now . 
  it is still perfectly fine to remember , commemorate and seek to preserve the remaining hungarian groups in i.e. 
  but with memorials such as these , you are effectively questioning the right of slovakians and romanians to have their own independent state . 
  we 're all in the eu today . 
  we should at least be resolved not to start more wars between us . 
  what are you even dribbling about ? 
  there was never any question that the expelled german/masurian population were n't refugees . 
  and what erika steinbach considers herself as is irrelevant to what i or other germans have to say regarding the refugee crisis . 
  noble intentions , but if you use a map that simply shows everything once part of the crown of saint stephen as hungary , you send an aggressive message that is more than merely commemoration . 
  for comparison , [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/vertreibung_%28jimmy_fell%29.jpg ) is a memorial for german refugees from silesia , prussia etc. 
  such memorials are absolutely moronic . 
  how could you expect to have good relations with your neighbours if you 're at the same time questioning/threatening their independence in such a way . 
  imagine germany having memorials with all the land we lost due to the treaty of versailles . 
  think twice before calling something bullshit . 
  both religions are shrinking , but catholicism is losing members slower . 
  it is customary ( not required afaik ) to hand over your business ventures to a trustee upon becoming president . 
  why the hell would you place stricter regulations on non-profit organisations ? 
  cause i do n't think ivanka trump will step down from her job . 
  where does that leave vienna ? 
  only the slave-like southern germans use it . 
  in the free-spirited north , we keep to the old ways . 
  democrats are already worried about possible conflicts of interest . 
  with the difference of course that trump did n't fund social projects with the money . 
  it certainly seems so . 
  what a shame . 
  dumping ftas is definitely protectionism and i think there are good reasons to believe this would lead to less international cooperation . 
  ... and return to closed borders , closed minds and protectionism ? 
  of course the first people that would suffer from increasing prices resulting out of protectionism would be the lower class . 
  in a world that combats international trade , wars become the preferred method of acquiring resources . 
   for example , how well has german law coped with all this public masturbation and indecency ? 
  pretty well , all in all . 
  german law is generally very good . 
  no idea what exactly public masturbation is in this context . 
  public masturbation is , of course , already penalised . 
   so , in this particular case most people instinctively believe an offence had been committed well , no one cares . 
  at least not until you manage to come up with a new law that is n't unconstitutional . 
   if you know anything about legal proceedings you would know that without considering everything that the court was privy to none of us is capable of forming a well considered view . 
  which is why i trust the court . 
  why do n't you ? 
  first and foremost , i want people who are uninformed to not discuss anything , regardless of sub . 
  it becomes even clearer that you have no idea of how judicial proceedings function should you believe this is in any way relevant . 
  yeah , you are clearly the best authority to decide on whether there is evidence or not . 
  and life in them is absolutely horrible , as we all know . 
  yeah , it could be misunderstood , i guess . 
  but i do n't think we should equate masculinity and machoism . 
  it is a fact that women suffered discrimination for millenia . 
  why do you feel diminished in your masculinity by a small , symbolic effort to undo that injustice a bit ? 
  i asked about machoism . 
  what , do you think machoism should n't be relegated to the closet ? 
  granted , the probability is large . 
  but in the end , there was definitely a considerable discrepancy between the result and many polls . 
  and the election is only held once , so the polling institutes and organisations are right in aspiring to more accuracy . 
  immediately before the election it was much more in favor of clinton though , right ? 
  right , that makes more sense . 
  i misunderstood you . 
  you consider going from csu to linke ? 
  impressive . 
  i was going to make an insensitive joke about how the snow has its charm because it hides belarus . 
  but that is n't fair . 
  i actually do n't know that much about the country . 
   they are biased , no doubt . 
  but they are product and reaction on mainstream . 
  that is in no way an excuse . 
   cnn , new york times and guardian simply killed any trust to media a blanket statement such as this should better be substantiated with some evidence . 
  i do n't think you can find compelling evidence though . 
   al-jazeera spreading lies and hate for years on the west - and i never eard a whimp about it what al-jazeera did is irrelevant . 
  what you did or did n't hear is irrelevant . 
  by abyss i mean breitbarts reporting / approach to `` journalism '' . 
  the front page should make it obvious that they are more or less a single issue outlet with so incredibly biased headlines and articles that even cnn can only look in awe . 
  the best example might be the book `` clinton cash '' , written by one of bannons associates , financed by bannons institute . 
  the nyt even published parts of it . 
  and then have a look at breitbarts front page . 
  yeah , right . 
  i do n't know which catalog of crimes you mean . 
  i agree that it is possible , yeah .
