  we 're also some real cheapskates , i think . 
  nah , it is the ethnicity . 
  was in the media a while back , lots of bad experiences with mena people . 
  visit donaueschingen and make a detour towards bodensee maybe . 
  exactly . 
  usually very positive . 
  depending on the time frame you look at , the ddr might also be classified as a failed attempt . 
  yes , mostly . 
  some parts are in czechia , some in germany . 
  a federalised eu has to be formed by nations voluntarily entering a closer relationship . 
  national and cultural diversity is a defining feature of europe and an eu that fights against this by dissolving national bonds is not an eu i can support . 
  the state we should aim for is not one of europeans , but one of europeans * and * germans , french , poles etc. 
  how embarrassing . 
  a case of bernd/bj \u00f6rn h\u00f6cke i guess . 
  i 'm not interested to see a return to pre-1871 levels of disunity in germany . 
   i was just saying that small countries would n't have strong incentives to join a federation where their power is diminished . 
  i would n't be so sure , entering the eu in the first place objectively diminished the single countries power . 
  we do n't know what the future will bring , it is possible that the benefits outweigh the negatives at some point . 
  over my dead body . 
   but it already does n't fully apply in the council , instead most decisions are voted through qmv which takes the population size into consideration . 
  qmv takes population size into consideration , but also the countries themselves ( at least 55 % of governments need to be in favour ) . 
  and other issues even require unanimity . 
   all i 'm saying - good luck convincing , say , 5 millions of danes that they should agree to have less power in the parliament . 
  i mean , why would they do that , it 's just objectively is n't good for them . 
  now you 're explaining why it wo n't happen while previously you were arguing against my conviction that this situation is unjust . 
  what is it ? 
  germany is one , mecklenburgers votes are n't worth more either . 
  the way i see it is that if we should enter a deeper and more profound union with each other , it can not be allowed that some europeans are more equal than others . 
  the parliament should represent citizens , not countries . 
  that is the councils task , where the principle `` one country , one vote '' can and should continue to apply . 
  thanks !, 
  i just read about cosimo di medici and his political genius . 
  it really is surprising how high they rose . 
  are the votes of silesians weighed in their favour whenever the czechs elect a president ? 
  how so ? 
  going for the obvious answer here , but i guess the resistance to the ns dictatorship would fall into that category . 
  the white rose , georg elser , the many jewish and non-jewish emigrants and so on . 
  obviously the period was very short so i do n't know in how far it 's comparable still . 
  an injustice in need of righting if we should ever federalise . 
  i do n't know , we 're basically celebrating him this year . 
  i still think most people view him in a positive light . 
  vocational education . 
  you sign a contract with a company that takes you on as a ( paid ) apprentice for two or three years , during which you learn and practice your trade . 
  you also attend berufsschule ( vocational school ) for about three months every year of your apprenticeship , where you learn theory and formal skills in your subject ( i.e. 
  metalworking ) and receive a general education in subjects like english , german and politics . 
  once you 're finished , you usually pass a test organised by the respective chamber of commerce and enter the job market . 
  often your company will offer to take you on as a full employee . 
  this dual approach is typical for german-speaking countries . 
  u/tonygaze , time to correct op :p, 
  depends on the life you want to support . 
  in germany - and switzerland too , i believe - a good ausbildung especially in trades or technology will more than suffice for a middle class life and even more if you work self-employed with a bit of success . 
  [ germany - memories of a nation ] ( https://www.amazon.com/germany-memories-nation-neil-macgregor/dp/1101875666/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1500081770&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=memories+of+a+nation ) not a `` must '' by any means but it features an interesting approach to transfer knowledge of history . 
  i know it , the average german probably would n't have . 
  a what ? 
  that 's pretty interesting and does n't match my day to day experience . 
  how old were those germans ? 
  well , lots would change . 
  think about how much you care about local politics for example ; then apply that to the national level . 
  everyone would talk about new legislation passed by the european parliament , the european elections , foreign policy statements issued by the eu etc. 
  ambitious students would look at entering the european clvil service and the european army would maintain military bases all over the continent , the former national militaries reduced to national guard roles . 
  as europe begins to act ever more unified , we would see more european conglomerates like eads form in all industrial sectors . 
  non-europeans will find it increasingly hard to tell the different peoples apart as national lines begin to blur with time . 
  ... as opposed the plethora of good reasons we had for starting ww2 ? 
  still , the actual horrific event was ww2 , you ca n't really throw everything bad that happened since ww1 into the pot when talking about it . 
  honestly , just ww2 and the thirty years war come to my mind . 
  ww1 was horrible , but not really up there . 
  i do n't mean to say your conclusions are wrong , but maidan was more than a slight shift in politics . 
  it is hard to rank cities apart from the obvious first places london , paris , berlin . 
  i feel like stockholm , amsterdam , frankfurt , barcelona , brussels , munich , hamburg , madrid , copenhagen , z\u00fcrich , vienna , milan , moscow are all up there without knowing where to put them exactly . 
  moscow is very large , but i do n't think it is as `` international '' - it certainly is multi-ethnic , but most seem to come from russia or central asia . 
  and then there are athens and rome . 
  both large as well , but for some reason they do n't spring to mind when hearing `` cosmopolitan '' . 
  in my experience lots of actual berliners ( as in `` has been living in berlin since a hundred years or so already '' ) do n't like the hipsters etc. 
  that much . 
  ber comes to mind . 
  and there of course are lots of stories about useless government spending in berlin , for example the number of `` staatssekret\u00e4r '' posts . 
  federalism is ingrained into our psyche at this point . 
  and it does ' t help that berlin is a black hole when it comes to money . 
  shh . 
  we do n't tell outsiders about that . 
  internationally , berlin is about our only shot to even hope to compete with global cities like new york . 
  and once they 've happily arrived in berlin , shitting on them and the city is ever more rewarding . 
  there are exceptions of course , i do n't believe a tourist would communicate lots with them though . 
  english is enough for tourists , definitely . 
  i do n't know many people with knowledge of german but not english outside of germany . 
  if you actually want to live in a country , you really have to learn the primary language . 
  i think it 's the assumption that all of you speak it . 
  i always make sure to ask first . 
  netherland probably . 
  well , the black forest is no lake . 
  but you might be referring to [ mainau ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mainau ) in lake constance , which is * near * the black forest . 
  you mean alsace or elsass ? 
  it is near the black forest , but in france . 
  and it is a region , not an island . 
  i mean yeah , we have flowers here of course . 
  i just do n't know of a location that is known for them . 
  wow , czechia really is like switzerland !, 
  it 's not called the colourful forest for a reason . 
  i thought this bulllshit would stay in r/europe . 
  you 'll never find a truly representative german city though .
