  yeah , i was considering czech because i like the country quite a bit . 
  however slovak is said to be the language best suited for understanding other slavic languages . 
  and russian has the highest amount of speakers and a huge clout obviously ... 
  i did not know it was that far removed from west slavic though . 
  i see i have to read them again at some point . 
  is your name jan sn\u00edh ? 
  my city generously gives them access to the north sea . 
  and i am considering learning the language at some point . 
  ca n't really decide between czech , slovak and russian . 
   apparently has better beer than the germans , but since i do n't drink , i would n't know . 
  i drink and i would n't say it is better however i am of course biased . 
   i generally view quality czech , german and belgian beers as equals though . 
   ottokar the first is mentioned in one the tintin book : the scepter of king ottokar damn i loved that book . 
  syldavia was n't just bohemia though , more like a mixture of everything balkan and slavic or at least what a belgian person considered as such . 
  yeah , it is timeless in some way . 
  you were totally right , it was planned and built during the 90s ... 
  the cabinet does indeed meet there . 
  the complex also houses several conference rooms , cabins for translators and an apartment for the chancellor . 
  merkel however does not use her rooms and continues to live in her apartment in central berlin . 
  probably because they were given to nuremberg `` for eternity '' , or actually more like until you just took them with you and did n't give them back once napoleon was defeated . 
  you have more votes in the european council that way , you would n't want to give that up , right ? 
  true . 
  saving money is usually given as a major reason for integration of eu armed forces . 
  so i take it you are speaking about the possibility of having to fight a war against the anglosphere as the eu ? 
  well it is very unlikely and not really worth speculating about . 
  still i do n't believe the eu would be completely defenseless . 
  however to my knowledge an eu army is usually seen as a way to reduce costs and not to spend more . 
  huh ? 
  what would be an expansion of german military power that would be completely useless to nato ? 
   2 % military spending and not 2 % military spending towards nato there is no difference though . 
  it is not like only some units of our armed forces are under obligation to help nato allies . 
  pretty impressive actually !, 
  i do n't think the navy is a priority though . 
  i believe they are going to get a completely new and modern frigate class these next years but that is about it . 
  we also do n't have any colonies in the pacific to patrol like france for example . 
  i know , i know . 
  these fleets are probably more than adequate for their countries size . 
  looking at your title i 'd imagine he 'd be a bit pissed off actually . 
   two years ago , british legislation was reformed and claim farmers or claims managers who capture clients and then sell the case to law firms , saw the tap closed and took advantage of another legislative change that raised court costs to push for compensation claims for false indispositions abroad . 
  so it is still going on ? 
  how so when the law was reformed ? 
  i ca n't imagine they 'd unwittingly create a loophole enabling the practice to continue . 
  this whole scam industry is an example of how law can change and shape behaviour actually . 
  so it does n't look as pathetic . 
  ^ sorry , ^ please ^ do n't ^ hurt ^ me ^ beneluxers !, 
  still sounds impressive for the time and region . 
  the us does not operate rammstein airbase out of solidarity with europe . 
  the us has already shifted its operations to asia but ignoring russia is not an option either . 
  the crimean annexation was at least as heinous as china 's activities in the south china sea are ; and yet it seems like you accept the `` pivot to asia '' without question . 
   we could perhaps reduce the military budget . 
  you could , but you would not , that is exactly the argument i am making . 
   usa should be a safety net for europe and that is what it is . 
  europe provides hundreds and hundreds of thousand soldiers in highly advanced armies already and is even set to increase spending considerably . 
  then the `` american taxpayers pay for europe 's defense '' argument is pretty much worthless really . 
  because you 'd be paying that sum either way . 
  in any case , the 2 % target has been agreed upon in wales and nato countries will begin to reach it these next years . 
  us and china do n't exist in a vacuum you know . 
  it is in the us ' interests as a superpower to have allies and partners around the globe . 
  nato remains a pact of the world 's most stable and strong democracies , maybe even more so than during the 1950s . 
  additionally , you and all the americans thinking like this are kidding yourselves if you believe the us would spend less money on its military without nato . 
  the us military is a giant social security net and an infrastructure programme as well as an asset in american global diplomacy . 
  the us would have an interest in keeping global shipping lanes open and maintaining a credible defense against china , north korea and russia even without nato . 
  but with nato , there are allies at its side . 
  yes , but many of the states do !, 
  the thing is that many are indeed more liberal than the countries they are fleeing from . 
  and many are not , many are just like those people from mississippi or georgia . 
  and here comes the actual dilemma ( the one you did n't address ) : do we believe that a human deserves to be safe from war and persecution , even if we are not 100 % aligned with his views ? 
  i know i 'd personally still help those georgians and people from mississippi . 
  also , refrain from name-calling , it just furthers the impression that you guys all are stupid 15-year olds . 
  stop moving the goalposts from people to country . 
  also there are people in your country that think of gays as satan 's spawn . 
  in the event of a civil war , would you support closing the borders and leaving them to die ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the states . 
  s as in us . 
  most of it , yes . 
  my point was that serbian and croatian are usually no longer considered separate languages . 
  the s do though . 
  the [ serbo-croatian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian ) language . 
  `` post-national '' has nothing to do with not having a culture ... 
  care to share your inside knowledge of the prosecution with us , ingergrim ? 
  i do n't think so , though you may disagree . 
  i really hope so . 
  another reason why brexit was a horrible decision . 
  it did weaken cooperation and sense of togetherness in the western world despite constant claims to the contrary . 
  i do not understand my countrymen and can only hope that during an actual crisis the opinions will change . 
     i also do not understand why modern society always makes exceptions for `` minorities '' err , do we ? 
  this very article is about an instance of society 's laws being applied to them just like we do with everyone else . 
  eh , some good arguments but personally i support reforming government organisation to a fully federal spain based on the german model rather than the nuclear option of cutting all ties . 
  i am not denying that the attitude of the central government , too , will have to change for that to happen though . 
  what i most definitely do not support is a unilateral declaration of independence , even if only because i do n't think it is in catalonia 's interest . 
  what a terribly original comment to make after an attack . 
  i 've never seen this one before . 
  yes , catalonia can certainly try and do so and i can continue to be against it . 
  they would of course have to live with the mostly negative consequences . 
  the eu consists of spain as well . 
  and i do n't have to tell you what spain would win by keeping you out ,, 
  well ask yourself this : would you remain spanish citizens enjoying spanish rights if you were to leave spain ? 
  so why would it be different with your eu citizenship , which entirely hinges on you being spanish citizens ? 
  as to your last point : because i believe that plurinational states can exist , i think such a spanish state would be a better solution for everyone involved .
