  how can you explain this phenomenon without accepting nationalism as involved ? 
  you can call it patriotism as well , but that 's just semantics . 
  it 's weird that this issue is so important to him , but there 's of course some nationalism involved here . 
  do n't think you can just flat-out deny that . 
   over 98 % voted against of what ? 
  not hungarians . 
  not even hungarians able to vote . 
  only of hungarians that took orban 's exercise in futility and stupidity seriously . 
   vast majority of people in hungary oppose it clearly , less than half of hungarians voted . 
  this provides no mandate whatsoever , but when it 's about an issue you support , that 's fine . 
  i am sure your sort are the first to attack the european parliament for the low turnout . 
  you can still become german the regular way , your dad just was n't eligible for the special benefits . 
  * migrants travelling through lybia, 
  as i said , clearly superior . 
  i would have expected executivemonkey to make that comment . 
  at this point cooked german food is really a mixture of french and italian cuisine with the odd legacy dish thrown in . 
  of course , with breakfast we are still clearly superior , just based on the variety of bread and bread rolls ( br\u00f6tchen ) . 
  i do n't really agree with his opinion on israel , but what the hell is wrong with you for attacking him like that without even knowing anything about him ? 
  it 's a country in our close vicinity , with many similar values and a large part of its population have been europeans for a millenium or even two . 
  well it is a bit weird since according to their website , the prize is awarded to people who have furthered free and democratic institutions in * germany * - not romania . 
  and he also was a warmonger , brutally ended french protestantism and laid the foundations for the absolute monarchy rightly reviled by the revolutionary masses in 1789 . 
  everything is popular among nationalists that makes their country look `` great '' and influential , no matter how contradictory it is . 
  there are french who cream their pants at the mention of louis xiv . 
  and the revolution both . 
  does belgium have a state religion ? 
   don \u00b4 t get me wrong : i am in favor of more direct democracy . 
  for example , why not elect the president direct does hindenburg ring a bell ? 
  more or less , yeah . 
   because we have a say in our own goverment , but most feel that we have little say in the eu its out side out control and the people with the power to change it do n't seem to want reform . 
  but what happens when feeling no longer correlates with reality ? 
  the eu could in many ways improve and be better , but it is unfair to absolve national governments of the same criticism . 
  it seems like just because the british , french , or german governments are operating on a ` national ' level , they are above the harsh criticism the eu receives for largely the same or similar problems . 
  and junker is actually the first president the parliament elected itself , so that 's reform right there . 
  the eu can change and reform itself and often our national governments are actually preventing it . 
   as an american would you want the us to join the eu ? 
  why would you ask that ? 
  the us is not at all located in europe . 
  that could be it , but then again i ca n't think of a reason not to include australia . 
   cunz alliance what is that ? 
  the c might stand for canade , nz for new zealand , but the u ? 
  it is a majority . 
  but not a particularly overwhelming one . 
   that people like junker have so much power over 500 million people without having any democratic mandate is obscene and dangerous . 
  the president of the european commission is chosen by a supermajority of the democratically elected heads of government and then has to be elected by an absolute majority of meps , who are directly elected by all europeans . 
  that the president has no democratic mandate is pure fantasy . 
  well , agreed . 
  well , both is possible at the same time . 
  a rate of 2,1 to 2,3 would mean keeping the population at the same level or increasing it slightly . 
  especially with increasing urbanisation , not much more space would be needed . 
  yeah , of course . 
  but still , no one here will starve when we get the fertilty rate to 2,2 or 2,3 up again . 
  in many parts of africa , an additional increase of 1,0 might mean more death and starvation . 
  in german families we need more children . 
  in africa ? 
  * to comply with german law . 
  why again do we have to allow a bunch of stupid arseholes to comment how they hope people will be horribly burned or gassed to death ? 
  your using it facetiously , but what was to be censored is quite literally `` shit '' . 
   slavkov triangle interesting . 
  is that a town ? 
  edit : yes it is , and as it turns out , it 's austerlitz , the site of the famous battle . 
  is that meant to point to a period of cooperation betwwen czechs , slovaks and austrians in fighting napoleon ? 
  a war that was so unbelievably horrible and destructive that it remained in german collective memory up into the twentieth century , when the horrors of the second world war replaced it . 
  discrimination is a big no , unfortunately . 
  in theory they should be punished by the people not reelecting them . 
  our federal states have in many ways more power than scotland in the uk , for example . 
  did n't you guys fight a war over the right of national provinces to secede ? 
  third largest one in the eu is n't what i 'd call `` weak '' . 
  relative to germany 's size it is smaller than several others , but by no means weak . 
  some may have . 
  that germans were forced to stay there because of their skills is , however , a well-attested fact . 
   the germans fucked us for 5 years unfortunately not true , as germans and russians did oppress poland for far longer than 5 or 50 years , respectively . 
  but your grandfather experienced more oppression of the latter nation , i guess . 
   there are 150k german minority in poland that stayed to expand , it is more like they were forced to stay because they worked in vitally important jobs . 
   people from the west ( especially poorer voivodships ) dislike you due to historic reasons . 
  but these originally came from even further to the east , right ? 
  i do n't think they have more reason to dislike germans than poles from the regions around warsaw and cracow . 
  i would even expect them to dislike the russians more , since , well , they were driven out of kresy by them . 
  i think people who type in actual questions in google are n't always of the brightest kind . 
  that term is not only used in marxist theory . 
   a little joke about a german stereotype got you offended ? 
  i 'm not offended , but i 'd understand it if poles were . 
  it 's not a catastrophe , but the environment this party exists in constantly operates on the limits of what is acceptable . 
  i certainly expect better from politicians than to make ` jokes ' like that . 
  keep in mind that he wants represent an electoral district on the polish border , likely with the job of having to deal with polish officials on a daily basis , which is just another reason as to why such remarks are unnecessary and reinforce stereotypes . 
   also , the greens were trying to legalise pedophilia several decades ago , when they were a much smaller , less bourgeois party . 
  claiming the current greens in any way endorse pedophilia is very , very far-fetched . 
  in sachsen-anhalt , their mps entered the parliament while marching in cadence . 
  in pomerania , people like jens k\u00fchnel spout stuff like `` when we 're talking about punctuality , i 'm not a german , more like a pole '' . 
  in schwerin , bj\u00f6rn hocke attacked the green party as pedophiles . 
  these are not isolated occurences but telling if you want to determine which people this party wants to represent . 
  socialism is characterised by adherence to the theories of marx , belief in the struggle between proletariat and bourgeoisie , internationalism and - to varying degrees - pacifism . 
  hitler was no socialist because he at some point made a few anti-capitalist statements to cater to the working classes . 
  for him , opposition to capitalism meant mostly opposition to jewish influences on german society as is undoubtedly shown in the fact that the non-jewish german aristocratic and industrial upper class welcomed his rise to power in large parts . 
  edit : if you really want to use wikipedia here , why do n't you take a look at the relevant section ( on socialism in the pre-war period ) . 
   by the late 19th century , and after further articulation and advancement by karl marx and his collaborator friedrich engels as the culmination of technological development outstripping the economic dynamics of capitalism , [ 34 ] `` socialism '' had come to signify opposition to capitalism and advocacy for a post-capitalist system based on some form of social ownership of the means of production . 
  [ 35 ] [ 36 ] by the 1920s , social democracy and communism became the two dominant political tendencies within the international socialist movement . 
  [ 37 ] no mention of hitlerism . 
  i am willing to bet that no reputable politician will call hitlers state or ideology `` socialist '' . 
   in their thinking they were socialist no . 
   ofcourse because there is only one way of defining socialism what is yours ?
