  but apart from that : there is some difference , i agree . 
  actually when i pointed that out to a pakistani guy i met , he rightfully said that for the victims there is no difference between being starved to death or being shot . 
  something to consider . 
  i could have absolved churchill of blame if his decision had been literally between risking famine in bengal or among the army and on the home isles and thereby endangering the war effort and if he actually had moral qualms . 
  but as i wrote in another post , sending relief would have not endangered britain 's war effort in any relevant way and it is obvious from his statements that churchill did n't give a fig about starvation in india and might have even wished for it . 
  the comparison to hitler is problematic , but i find it equally troubling how many people seem to disregard churchills involvement in the bengal famine . 
  he was undoubtedly personally responsible for relief shipments not arriving there even though they were by no means vital to the war effort . 
  at least many deaths - likely not all - could and would have been prevented if not for his conscious decision to not send aid . 
  the desire among many indians , bengalis and pakistanis to paint him as equally bad or worse than hitler is a bit more understandable if you realise how these actions of churchill are still subject to almost complete and utter amnesia in british and european collective memory . 
  it is not even disputed anymore that churchill is responsible for at least hundreds of thousands of unnecessary deaths in india . 
  pointing out that the region in question was a colony is a sick way of downplaying this act of negligent killing . 
  no need to be aggressive here . 
  once the bill is officially presented , the uk will know fully what it includes . 
  of course they could calculate it themselves , the british government obviously knows what liabilities it has . 
  yeah , it collapsed on its own . 
  a certain world war had nothing to do with it . 
  of course not , negotiations have not even started yet . 
  the gist of it is that the uk has made commitments to the eu 's current funding cycle . 
  these were of course part of the eus budget calculations and the eu expects britain to fulfill its promises . 
  and why would that be important ? 
  international trade would have shifted to the former warsaw pact and china anyway . 
  top bait 7/10, 
  dutch = fascists according to erdolf . 
  nato is an alliance largely between europe and the us . 
  i want us to stay allies with america and therefore to continue nato . 
  i do n't see it as a priority to do that , once european nato forces are strong enough it might work . 
  the region that inspired [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/wanderer_above_the_sea_of_fog ) famous painting . 
  credible defense and deterrence of outward enemies , mostly russia right now . 
  well , duh . 
  what is up with this thread ? 
  apparently not one person has realized that merkel does n't actually think of immigration as a right . 
  it is a non-issue . 
  but by all means , keep the circlejerk going . 
  matter of opinion i guess . 
  the administration functioned on its own , some foreign aid does n't change the big picture , for me at least . 
     i also never said hannover was part of britain . 
  but part of the british empire , which is really just a coloqial term since no such country ever existed . 
  there was the kingdom of great britain , the united kingdom of great britain and ireland and the united kingdom of great britain and norther ireland , but no british empire . 
  i would say that `` british empire '' implies british governance and administration and so on - not just having the same monarch . 
  but as you said , it is a colloquial term . 
  the act of settlement from 1701 held that only protestants could inherit the english and scottish thrones . 
  georg i. was son to sophie of the palatinate , daughter to elisabeth stuart , daughter to king jacob i. stuart . 
  as such , georg was the closest ** protestant ** relative to the stuart kings of england and scotland after his mother died ; and went on to inherit the throne . 
  he did not `` claim '' to be king , he was king , according to law at the time . 
  it is not surprising that the prussians were paid , both countries ( hanover and great britain ) were in a personal union after all . 
  that does not make hanover part of britain . 
  was n't part of the british empire - the ruler of the uk / great britain / england just happened to also be duke of hannover . 
  actually , as hanoverians will tell you , it was their duke who became king of england , not the other way around . 
  i mentioned it mostly because i believe many anglos think of social security as monetary government support and schulz clearly does not just mean that with the term . 
  and yes , social justice also has its own connotations - damn it , why do n't they just learn german !, 
  that is the fault of those getting triggered at merely mentioning the phrase . 
  i do n't feel i have to respect their hurt feelings . 
  it 'd be social justice , not security . 
  a good summary apart from that . 
   i also find the whole idea of freedom of movement bizarre . 
  that it is your fundamental right to work and live in another country . 
  nah , freedom of speech , freedom of religion , freedom from coercion e.t.c are fundamental rights . 
  i think it shows the narcissistic nature of the ideologically driven eurofederalists who run brussels today . 
  you can think freedom of movement is not a basic right , but how does that translate to eu politicians being narcissistic ? 
  bit of a hyperbolic statement to make , really . 
  because of one point difference ? 
  meh , not feeling very gutted . 
  financial help can be stopped without ending the talks completely . 
  nothing but a cheap gesture . 
  us having upheld it might prevent erdogan from reinstituting the death penalty , which is a real benefit on the other hand . 
  ... agreements which can very easily be transformed to form the backbone of an eu army . 
  the uk has to leave at some point , at most you 're with us an additional three years . 
  look man , you 're all over the place in assuming the integration of eu forces requires some sort of parliament vote the uk could veto . 
  the national governments are and remain sovereign and can easily sign bilateral or multilateral treaties on this . 
  i see , funny which mistakes speaking a second language can cause . 
   so you call it alsatian ? 
  sorry , was under the impression its called differently, 
  yes , his use of the word just struck me as weird considering this is an english language website and english adopted alsace . 
  did you speak allemannisch at home ? 
  asking because you used `` elsass '' instead of alsace . 
  the quarter has not been called little france by the french government but by locals , because of the french soldiers treated for syphilis there . 
  might 've been a smart move then . 
  if you refuse to shake hands she ca n't leave you . 
  it is known . 
  in the alt-right way . 
  when do you shake hands with a girlfriend ? 
  at most after breaking up i think . 
  good job moving the goalposts . 
  [ checkmate !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dietmar_hopp ) just throwing links at each other is n't proof of anything though . 
  you provide some proof of claims like only those with lawyer parents can be successful in germany . 
  i feel you 're exaggerating here . 
  i do n't know why people are surprised at germany 's position . 
  it is well known our economy is not very dynamic or driven by startups . 
  say it with me folks : radical greek terrorism . 
   trump has had his agenda-defining immigration bans shut down twice by courts . 
  shame for germans/europeans that us courts do n't have much of a say in foreign policy so donald basically has free reign there . 
  de gaulle can sod off , just cause he felt the allies did n't treat him fairly during ww2 does n't mean gaullism has become an ideology germany or any state in europe should support , even during a trump presidency . 
  interesting , i see many poles in this thread make a lot of opposing points . 
  it is a bit weird really . 
   i know some poles killed jews then , but why do we always hear about them in the news and not about those who were helping , i think they deserve to be remembered more then the fuckers who collaborated with germans . 
  nobody in poland denies they existed then why the media focus on the issue . 
  1 ) are polish news really full of stories about polish perpetrators ? 
  2 ) of course one has to remember them . 
  as a warning and a reminder as to what humanity is capable of .
