  it took one year to get the approvals , '' said liliana tolas , director of the museum of dacian and roman civilisation ( mcdr ) in deva , which manages the archaeological site . 
    the work is estimated to start next spring and take about four years . 
  the project will be split into two stages : the first one will last two years and will include the restoration and preservation works , and the second phase will focus on rebuilding the amphitheater and the forum . 
  this makes me hope that they know what they 're doing and do n't act solely out of monetary interest . 
  though i would like to know how they plan on rebuilding the structures exactly how they were back in roman times , since we only know the basic structure . 
  everything going beyond that - the exact height , colour , ornaments and so on - is unknown to us . 
  look at executivemonkey 's post history , he does n't actually believe any of his outrageous claims , he just posts stuff hoping someone will take him seriously . 
  he is basically r/europe 's pet troll at this point . 
  while languages are always evolving , i do n't think all influences are necessarily good . 
  let 's just take your claim that without the extensive loaning , german would be `` boring '' . 
  i am sorry , but ultimately the world becomes more boring if we slowly merge together its diverse languages in an unnatural english creole . 
  so , to an extent , preserving the `` purity '' of a language is not bad at all . 
  i certainly know of several people with poor vocabulary and ability to express themselves because they constantly operate using a weird mixture of german and english . 
  multilingualism is great , but only if you manage to gain a solid understanding of the language in question , without any code switching - in fact , can you actually call yourself multilingual if you do n't ? 
  i like it . 
  if it comes from the americans , maybe the poles that do n't think this is a problem will listen . 
  when the eu criticises the party 's actions , some of them seem to take it for a veiled threat of invasion and annexation from germany . 
  how great for him . 
  i hope his future plans work , because i fear he might have trouble as a priest . 
  i hope so !, 
  but on the internet , you never know . 
   very democratic if each profession has own measurements system there 's nothing democratic about willfully instituting an amount of bureaucracy that trumps anything brussels has ever created . 
  i am very happy that this sub as a forum for european discussion gets increasingly recognised as such by politicians , so thanks for another interesting ama . 
  it 'd be cool to reach out to figures from other non-english parts of europe , but that is probably much more difficult . 
   that name ca n't exist since wales is n't a kingdom it 's a principality . 
  i 'm sure we can change that . 
  the united kingdom of england and wales . 
  balt musicians in the uk ? 
  i 'd like me some new gustav holsts , so they 're welcome too . 
   when will they get mentality to think that the rom . 
  forest are also theirs ?? 
  are you sure you want austrians to get that mentality ? 
  :d to be honest though , i remember reading about this company in a spiegel article last year . 
  it 's not protesting , but it shows there are other european media reporting on it . 
  ah yes . 
  tell me where you can get that education in politics ... a law or political science degree might help , but in the end most of what you need to know as a politician can be learnt ... we have politicians who were doctors , nurses , construction engineers etc. 
  it is simply a bad way to measure a person - whether schulz is a good politician is not decided by school education . 
  criticism is fine , but criticise his work as a politician . 
  anything else is irrelevant here . 
  in which world is everyone failing at school retarded ? 
  judge schulz not on his education but his performance . 
  hey , i did n't know that . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  but the main point still stands - failing at school does not mean you are a bad politician . 
   btw . 
  schulz could n't even finish a middle school ... such is the eu `` elite '' . 
  i do n't even know and never met a retard that could n't pass `` matura '' . 
  holy shit , would you have been happier if he had received education at some private school for rich boys ? 
  if anything , this makes him better able to understand those he represents . 
   the russian public opinion , which does n't really matter for kremlin but dictators have to care about the public opinion - they know that the millions of people they are lying to and robbing each day could depose them in a heartbeat . 
  that 's why propaganda and controlling public opinion matters so much to them . 
  appeasing the populace definitely is part of russian/putins politica , i think . 
  crimea was annexed because annexation is simply a state acquiring a territory from another state against its will . 
  you are clearly not qualified to have this debate if such simple terms confuse you . 
  edited . 
  and jewsa is a brick - stuff for a polandball comic . 
   what a compelling retort . 
  of the same intellectual level as your predictions on the eu 's future . 
   they have not but it 's only a matter of time before the situation in greece and germany gets out of hand no  and the eu will put the burden on the richest countries like always and make them take in more refugees . 
  so it should put the burden on the poorest countries ? 
  the burden is in fact shared , according to population and wealth . 
  but that 's a result of the european government 's collective panicking during the refugee crisis . 
  syrians are barred from entering the eu normally . 
  and btw - the calais migrants have not entered britain . 
  there also are a lot of polish nurses . 
  but these are the peoples that were targeted by leave proponents during the weekend . 
   it 's the uneducated syrians who are gathering at calais by the thousands it 's also the portuguese , polish , romanians etc. 
  and syrians are not eu citizens . 
   the average citizen can not name any of the many unelected eu officials that 's a comparatively minor problem , right ? 
  seeing as how this applies to many national governments as well . 
  it 's also the fault of those people who still could n't be bothered to educate themselves . 
   and the number of new regulations the eu manages to churn out per year is pretty incredible . 
  it seems pretty kafka to me . 
  merely critizising the amount of something is always a bad idea . 
  you might be attacking something very good !, 
  additionally , a common market needs detailed regulations . 
  and do n't forget that we 've been living with these regulations influencing our daily life for years ; and i 'd say life in europe is n't too bad . 
  stop eating kiwis then !, 
  i think for many people ` nationalism ' already means an excess amount of pride in one 's country . 
  ` patriotism ' is considered the friendly , tolerant variant . 
   maybe i 'm just getting hung up on the word choice , as i would n't use the word `` secessionist '' to describe a us referendum on leaving , for example , nato . 
  is there a real distinction , or just usage i 'm unfamiliar with ? 
  it is often said that the eu states are tied to each other far more than is common for a confederation ; but far too little to call the eu a federal state . 
  actually german has a word to describe this , which was coined just for the eu : * staatenverbund * , as opposed to * staatenbund * ( confederation/confederacy ) and * bundesstaat * ( federal state , like the us ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/staatenverbund so , as the eu is far more integrated than nato , you would n't be too far off to call it a secession , though it is a bit sketchy . 
   i 've heard good arguments for either side during the lead-up to this referendum . 
  which good arguments did leave put forward ( that were n't lies or misrepresentations ) ? 
  i think you 'd need police protection as an mp if you ignored the result of the referendum . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  would you also rather have paganism in czechia ( i can write that , right ) ? 
  was with you until you wrote this  imagine if egypt stayed coptic or pagan . 
  what are you implying ? 
  it reads exactly like your initial comment , which i tried to refute . 
   but how much has this got to do with islam itself very little . 
  ... and christianity also only played a very little part . 
  which was my point . 
  r/badhistorywhatif making even halfway sensible predictions on developments of such magnitude and over such a long period of time is absolutely impossible . 
  your comment reads as if you are thinking along the lines of christianity = prosperity + liberalism and islam = poverty + conservatism . 
  which is just wrong and the roles were actually reversed for a long time . 
  adding to what others said , europe 's percentage of the world economy has been steasily shrinking since the beginning of the 20th century .
