  of course you were . 
  u/goodphotos point hinges on catalonia being a nation , disputing that means disputing the catalan case for independence . 
  and it is by no means a fact . 
  arguably a lot of catalans see themselves as a nation distinct from spain . 
  nation does not have to equal state . 
  what would happen is that no country would support catalonia . 
  sorry , but spain , even without you , is much more important than you are . 
  and all countries are interested in preserving their territorial integrity and would hate setting a precedent for a region seceding unilaterally . 
  if you want independence , do it the legal way : via a referendum approved by the spanish parliament . 
  as far as i know , that 'd require a reshifting of parliament majorities . 
  work towards achieving that . 
  i am against catalan independence but this is a really , really , weak argument based on semantics which weakens spain 's cause . 
   because nationalism is shit and the best countries in the world have tiny populations ( iceland , scandinavia , canada , australia ) . 
  there are much smaller countries than canada or sweden . 
  and there are a lot of small countries doing far worse than larger ones . 
  i really would n't say size is that important a factor . 
   well , him being a member of the polish minority party kinda makes his national allegiance self explanatory , do n't you think ? 
  it shows that just because you live in a country does n't mean you belong to the predominant ethnicity . 
  poland was the very definition of a multicultural state for a long time . 
   i doubt that both his maternal and paternal ancestors loaned huge sums of money towards prussia taking over pozna\u0144 from poland either , while analogous situation was the case for copernicus . 
  you are implying this was some kind of action caused by nationalism instead of what it was : the wish to reduce taxes and have greater political say , which required the prussian cities to find a protector . 
  the polish king offered protection . 
  no nationalism involved , again , poland was a multinational state already . 
  you are right that a direct comparison is difficult . 
  but there are a lot of false equivalences floating around , the prussian troops copernicus lead were not fighting a nationalist war for example . 
  and if you were a smart pole during the partitions , working for the prussian/german state was an attractive opportunity . 
  that does not in itself mean you stop identifying as polish . 
  just look at this guy , [ karl kubicki ] ( http://zhsf.gesis.org/parlamentarierportal/biorabkr_db/biorabkr_db.php?id=1372 ) . 
  born in poznan , studied in bonn . 
  worked in the german administration , then became member of the reichstag for the polish national democratic party . 
  that was maybe true during the interwar period , when germany and poland engaged in a petty scholarly fight with `` east research '' and `` west research '' respectively . 
  when i go to the german wikipedia right now , his nationality is not mentioned . 
  polish wikipedia categorises him with other `` polish '' people . 
  the english one categorises him as both german and polish . 
   was n't a part of `` germany '' either . 
  it is almost as if fervently trying to claim him for one nationality is a stupid , stupid idea !, 
  it was a way to illustrate how the point you are making is very weak . 
  or would you say an inhabitant of poznan who was born in 1871 and died in 1916 was german ? 
  i mean , he was born in germany , studied , worked , lived most of his live and died there . 
  see where i am getting at ? 
  you obviously would n't say that . 
  which is why you also should not make this argument in relation to copernicus . 
  his ancestors , both on the mothers and on the fathers side came from silesia ( lower and upper silesia respectively ) , which was part of bohemia , not poland . 
  til poles living in the german empire were german . 
  poles were not stupid . 
  what is stupid is applying modern ideas of nationality to renaissance people who mostly just identified with their home territory . 
  that is why all the commonly mentioned arguments do n't hold up . 
  * did he study in krakow ? 
  yes , but they spoke latin there just like at every university in europe at the time . 
  * did he enroll in the natio germanorum in bologna ? 
  yes , but this was the strongest and most privileged natio at the time , so it does n't serve as compelling evidence . 
  * did he support the fight against the teutonic order ? 
  yes , just like many other german-spaking prussians - because they were discontent with rights and the additional taxes levied to finance the war reparations the order had to pay to poland . 
  not because of nationalism . 
  * was he catholic ? 
  yes , but there were and are lots of catholic germans . 
  * was he a subject of the polish king ? 
  yes , but what does that have to do with nationality ? 
  nothing . 
  i did n't know that acrually translated into dislike of all of germany . 
  there are scientific fields apart from stem , you know . 
  and you yourself are saying that `` low impact '' journals exist in languages other than english . 
   it 's not because of the language , why ? 
  many of these statistics only use english-language papers . 
  would n't be surprised if the same applied here . 
  i mean , you clearly did n't read it . 
  well , he is a south european politician accusing a german of nazism . 
  then add the media covers showing merkel as hitler . 
  and the salonika fans . 
  it just adds up after some time . 
   all i 'm saying is that it would be wiser if you were n't comparing it at all . 
  you are right . 
  criticised sch\u00e4uble - by calling him the leader of the fourth reich . 
  that is not diplomatic , to say the least . 
  there is also different quality to connecting a german to nazism . 
  read what ? 
   because this comments tree is about guy , who tried to make poles feel guilty for ww2 . 
  this has got to be a very tasteless joke . 
   specially as a german my nationality is completely irrelevant - if i had been a member of an einsatzgruppe and it were 1950 you might have had a point . 
   you really do n't want to start telling polish people how they really did not have it so bad as jewish people . 
  even czech people would be offended if you started telling them `` well , you know , at least we did n't mass murder as many of you as we did with jews '' . 
  the `` did n't have it so bad '' part is not really what i said , the crimes committed against poles ( or czechs for that matter ) were simply a bit different than the holocaust in terms of totality and context . 
  i will restate what i wrote elsewhere , whether a specific victim was jewish , czech , polish or german does not matter as far as how horrible the crime was . 
   holocaust does n't refer only to the extermination of jews . 
  [ not ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/564gvm/eli5_when_people_discuss_the_holocaust_why_do/d8g92dz/ ) [ really ] ( https://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?moduleid=10005143 ) . 
  other crimes committed by the nazis are in no way less horrible , but as far as intention and extent go , there are differences . 
   i 'm genuinely happy , you realized some basic historical facts . 
  [ ... ] maybe that 's the reason you were n't aware of other ww2 vitims . 
  no need to be condescending . 
     but i think you can see how it 's a nonsense to try to make a history score about who suffered the most because of nazis . 
  just do n't do it , do n't go there , it 's a touchy subject and you 're always guaranteed to open old wounds . 
  generally a commendable attitude . 
  from the replies i can tell that this seems to be a touchy subject . 
  nikos xydakis , for example . 
  he actually claimed sch\u00e4uble would behave as if he was leading the fourth reich , so i guess he did n't directly call germans nazis . 
   actually yes . 
  this shows how much you know about the subject . 
  a large majority of those killed in extermination camps were jewish - for example 59.000 of 78.000 total in majdanek . 
   it is also the problem with being edgy or trying to come across as smart by arguing technicalities in topics like this . 
  it 's too easy to misstep and not just appear as a holocaust denialist , but actually manage to become one .
