  it is rewarding because you acknowledge your past and assume responsibility . 
  a bit like growing up and maturing . 
  agreed , but the british occupation of iceland was not a dark shade of their past . 
  it is quite a nice town . 
  i was there as a child without knowing about the war and its history , but even as a kid i was annoyed at the kitsch sold in the streets nearby . 
  it is a hard but rewarding process . 
  it is worth it . 
  how weak is your patriotism if you ca n't love your country the way it is , with its many imperfections , faults and need for change but instead have to lie , distort and invent in order to feel good about it ? 
  i see why the misunderstanding arose , could 've put it better i guess . 
  centralisation was no inevitability , the danish king at the time certainly did n't expect it , considering he offered to make denmark part of the german confederation if he would be able to keep sleswig-holsteen . 
  i think he just really wanted those two duchies ... 
  which is why i specified that i meant ukraine . 
  ukraine is not in nato . 
  european capital of culture , is n't it ? 
  what are you even talking about , annexing a part of ukraine does not require occupying all of europe . 
  yeah , almost unthinkable in germany though . 
  especially for a run-of-the-mill centre politician . 
   it 's our project !!!!!!, 
  ( at the end of his first big meeting , he got a little bit carried away and shouted `` because this is our project !!! '', 
  here , a french ` philosopher ' tells him to shut up -- this is another famous french meme ) oh god , i am trying to imagine this in germany , with a german politician being carried away like that . 
  * ** es lebe die republik !!, 
  i do n't see the problem with these tweets . 
  everyone always wants politicians that are down to earth , but when they are they 're being mocked for it . 
  someone has to . 
  usually it has been the french/german duo but france has n't really been that proactive on an eu stage these last years . 
  the effects of the combination of alcohol and cannabis my roommate consumed last night paints both in a rather unfavorable light right now . 
  even if that were true , it does not contradict my assertion because opposing russia 's land grabs is in the west 's geopolitical interests as well . 
  not to recognise russia 's demands . 
  to aid ukraine in developing its economy and institutions and to keep up the sanctions until at least the war in donbass ends . 
  in the end , a diplomatic solution would be best , but there are certain limits to what i think the west should accept . 
   cede the territory to russia and then join nato who can say putin will be content with that ? 
  all his actions lead one to suspect he is a man without morals and will take whatever he can get away with . 
  give in once and it is over , you ca n't appease him . 
  yesterday crimea , today donbass , tomorrow odessa . 
  i do n't know , it depends on how you look at exchange rates i guess . 
  let 's wait for someone with a degree in slapfighting to explain it . 
   the world ? 
  germany does n't have that aspiration . 
  the world is not enough . 
  little known fact , as ww2 neared its end and the allies were occupying germany , the nazi leadership realised that world domination would not be achieved by conventional means . 
  having fled to the south american rain forest , they let the soviets and americans engage in the cold war , all the while pursuing their sinister plan of colonising space in order to make a return when the time would be right , founding the greater galactic nazi reich . 
  they even infiltrated nasa with a second-tier german rocket scientist , wernher von braun , to stall their advances . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wsthufd.jpg ) is a leaked picture of the nazi base on mars . 
  cue the french/british slapfight over who is 5th and 6th respectively . 
  he just ca n't find a loyal following . 
  m\u00e9lenchon will always be more left than he is ; macron will always be more right than he is . 
  caught between a rock and a hard place . 
  `` pillars of catholic identity '' that more or less just emerged later . 
  it might not seem like it , but the catholic church has changed a lot during its 2000 years of history . 
  for example the doctrine of papal infallibility was n't formalised until the late 19th century , and the ecumenical efforts of the 20th one were unthinkable just a century before . 
  he wanted to reform the church drastically , not found a new one . 
  ca n't do that with a german , mate . 
  is n't it clear i mean projecting influence in europe ? 
  well i was catholic , you know . 
  no , but a `` leader of the free world '' has to be able to project influence globally . 
  we ca n't even do that in europe . 
  the luxemburgs killed me , not the habsburgs . 
  yes , there is a danger of a chilling effect taking place . 
  but i believe that a well thought out treaty will include provisions ensuring the continued independence of lawmakers in creating sensible regulations . 
  but many did . 
  just not all of them . 
  please do n't , we ca n't even keep europe in check . 
  it still amazes me that the swiss celebrate this murderer . 
  i 'm just longing for the day the glorious habsburg armies reconquer their ancestral lands . 
  you 're mixing up terms - a separate arbitration body would obviously also have to take into account german law if the state being sued were germany , besides the relevant contracts , wto rules etc. 
  and isds cases are already being arbitrated on an ad hoc basis , by separate bodies . 
  creating a permanent tribunal could increase accountability actually . 
  yes . 
  but that is not intent , the criminal simply accepts the spread of fear as a condition for achieving his actual goal , while spreading terror is the goal in itself for terrorists . 
  nothing about this is terrorism . 
  seriously , it is in the name . 
  terrorists intend to spread terror and fear , this person did n't , he wanted borussia dortmund stocks to fall . 
  just using a bomb does not qualify an act as terrorism . 
  oh he 's won me over all right . 
  did he even make that much money ? 
  he is german and russian dual citizen . 
  relocating jobs overseas was not really feasible back then . 
  globalisation only slowly began at the time . 
  and at least the us still enjoyed a gigantic head start , being the only major western country with fully functioning industry after world war 2 . 
  no , strongmen and dictators usually enjoy most of their support among people who still have something to lose , e.g. 
  the lower middle classes . 
  turkeys economy grew quite a bit the last twenty years or so , many people have acquired their small share of wealth . 
  i do n't think a majority of turkish voters are actually starving . 
  if that were the case , erdogan would have a revolution on his hands quicker than he can announce a victory in a referendum . 
  the french revolution started because people did n't have enough to eat . 
  people definitely were n't clamoring for war in 1938 or 39 . 
  even after several years of dictatorship the outbreak of hostilities was met with anxiety and fear . 
  ah yes , napoleon buonaparte , leader of the supreme soviet . 
  i remember . 
  to be expected really , the decline coincides with the global recession and the eurozone crisis . 
  numbers started to recover a bit in 2015 before the refugee crisis escalated . 
  now during `` bad '' times - soon after the 2007/08 crisis hit - we did not mindlessly pursue `` austerity '' . 
  konjunkturpaket i and ii come to mind . 
  the question is one of causation . 
  english is almost universally understood . 
  so papers in english , no matter the quality or origin , will most often be quoted . 
  if you measure quality by quotations the measured quality will be inherently skewed towards english . 
  and as i stated , i assume the statistic used for this map uses english-language publications . 
  of course english-speaking countries and countries with high english proficiency are centres of science in today 's world , i am not denying that . 
  and i do think evenwith a more complete set of data the numbers would not necessarily change .
