  yeah , sure . 
   apart from that , it 's all culture . 
  reading comprehension . 
  hard , is n't it ? 
  not really , since everyone with the right to do so continued to immigrate . 
  the border was not `` closed '' . 
  yeah , their hair is a bit thicker i remember . 
  apart from that , it 's all culture . 
  i 'd definitely say there are blacks in the us culturally indistinguishable from whites . 
   100 % of them are muslim no . 
  sorry to bring up the old nazi trope , but nazi germany was a very stable country , and i can think of a lot of people qualifying as refugees that left it . 
  the problem with that is that many of them will come anyway . 
  germany is n't surrounded by water like the uk and faces different , harder challenges . 
  how does demonizing hungary contradict `` all refugees are welcome '' ? 
  i get the austria thing , even though the border is n't closed and never was . 
  nah , there are good reasons to call i.e. 
  eritreans or afghans refugees . 
  though i agree there 's a creepy sort of double think going on at times . 
   two factors are usually attributed to the essence of their apparently seamless assimilation into dutch society : dutch citizenship and the amount of ` dutch cultural capital ' , in the form of school attainments and familiarity with the dutch language and culture , that indos already possessed before migrating to the netherlands . 
  [ 123 ] from [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/indo_people ) . 
  they 're so assimilated , even geert wilders is partially descended from them . 
  no , as poles living abroad wo n't be able to send money back home anymore . 
  do you mean scots or scottish gaelic ? 
  scotland does n't have a single national language . 
  had no idea you 'd be so adamant and stern about it . 
  so i 'll keep this short - there was no `` grand strategy '' dominating any nation 's politics at any time . 
  just concepts and different schools of thought and doctrines influencing one another . 
  you can not implement a strategy `` accidentally '' . 
  last but not least : you phrasing your claims in relatives does not make them right . 
  in case you want to reply with more of the same , save your breath , cause that would be a waste of both our time . 
  thanks for letting me know i 'm radical . 
  i do n't know on what though , considering how i merely wrote you 're wrong on a historical topic, 
   what needs to happen is make it clear making the journey is n't profitable . 
  but it is very profitable . 
  bismarck for example agreed to establish colonies , which he did not view as necessary and created enemies . 
  and germany as a whole certainly did not follow the same strategy for 150 years - it did n't even exist in 1814 . 
  wilhelm ii and bismarck were polar opposites in terms of strategy . 
  you 're trying to defend a position that is completely unreasonable and absolutely detached from reality . 
  you ca n't seriously suggest any country follows a `` strategy '' or `` grand strategy '' over the course of 150 years . 
  hell , bismarck did n't follow the same strategy all the time . 
  also , counting the landmass a country has at some arbitrary point in time and then starting to deduce stuff from that is a very narrow and simplistic way to treat history . 
  your schadenfreude is a bit out of place , since there are no airbus plants in ireland or the netherlands . 
  pretend i 'm a ( formerly ) lower middle class 27 year old refugee whose family has a few thousand euro saved for the journey to europe and currently lives in a camp in turkey . 
  now tell me exactly what i should do to `` fight and rebuild my home '' ? 
   only nine hours you wish . 
  it took me almost five hours to drive from leipzig to hamburg today . 
  google clearly operates under the assumption german roads are n't a huge frustrating clusterfuck . 
  got ta love these comments . 
  `` for their country '' ? 
  you 've been sleeping these past years ? 
  oh just shut up if that 's all you got . 
  while this is understandable , it is in no way tolerable or something that should be accepted/reinforced . 
  the whole idea behind calling them `` refugees '' is that they 're fleeing syria , or eritrea , or iraq , or afghanistan - these are countries where people actually have to fear for their lifes and property - and need a safe place to stay , far from the institutions and people threatening them at home . 
  well , in syria 's case that 's jordan , and turkey , and lebanon , where the un , an internationally recognized organisation , will take care of you . 
  if belgium suddenly broke down and civil war erupted between the flemish and wallonia , i would n't expect syria or australia to process belgian 's asylum applications . 
  but the people now leaving those safe countries ca n't possibly claim they have to fear for their life or property there . 
  they should not be treated as refugees anymore , because they are n't . 
  it should be the neighboring countries obligation to take care of refugees , obviously supported by international organisations and governments . 
  it 's simply astounding how people fall for the narrative of the oh so poor , persecuted people having to cross literally a dozen of safe countries so they can finally be saved in sweden . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ostsiedlung again you could continue this ad infinitum , because before the wends , germanic tribes lived there . 
  i 'm not going to do it . 
  what exactly has lead you to believe western europe `` wants '' them ? 
  especially countries such as the uk obviously do n't . 
   work to make their countries safer you really are deluded if you think an eritrean or the averafe syrian is able to do that . 
  woah , do n't confuse me . 
  this is all a lot to handle right now . 
  i looked it up and it appears to be the `` opposite of being bored '' ... so it 's `` anger '' then ? 
  man , this is hard . 
  you 're right , but my initial statement was directed at immigrants expecting for example free cars etc. 
  which poor people in europe certainly do n't receive . 
   except i see it more as people trying to make the best life they can . 
   we need to quit demonizing people who need our help . 
  fallacy right there . 
  people are not entitled to live the best life they theoretically are able to . 
  otherwise i 'm entitled to tell my employer he really needs to pay me what the ceo gets , no matter how unwarranted that demand would be . 
  i understand where you 're coming from . 
  but these people make major decisions , decisions completely changing their lifes . 
  if i considered doing something like that , i 'd try to get as much information as possible . 
  and if you own a smartphone and are able to visit facebook to consume propaganda how everything is great in europe , why not spend ten minutes on reading news ? 
  that 's what i do n't understand . 
   but refugees seems to believe that once you step foot in the eu your life instantly transforms like winning the lottery . 
  while there undoubtedly are refugees fully aware of what they will/won ' t get , it simply boggles my mind that so many have these ludicrous expectations . 
  how can you actually believe that ? 
  i thought school attendance was/is mandatory in most countries they 're fleeing from , at least in syria i 'd expect most people attended . 
  and nowadays the whole world has smartphones with internet access . 
  you 're literally just a quick google search away from the truth . 
  i 'm afraid calling yourselves * viking cruises * and offering trips on inland streams is the fastest way to trigger ptsd in paris , antwerp , york , hamburg and novgorod . 
  so the areas close to the indo-european urheimat would be the most genetically influenced ? 
  i believe that would be the northern caucasus , right ? 
  or was it anatolia ? 
  yes , why are n't you ? 
  to be honest , if you have to clean up this much when leaving train , it 's not a good excuse . 
  since the women have to work their asses off every day , at home it 's probably pretty clean . 
  but as only few illegal immigrants are women , most people in that train probably never learnt to take care for themselves or public property . 
  not that i disagree with you , but we 're actually exporting our subsidised food surplus ; and companies make huge profits with it , just like the us does . 
  the eu/eec was always very active in agriculture and farming since it 's inception , when food was scarce due to the war . 
  nor would he want to . 
  `` the ottomans would have endured '' is a very bold assertion to make . 
  mind you , while sykes-picot actually happened , you 're just speculating here . 
  if you know of a time when we had as severe problems with rampant corruption as moldova , let me know .
