  to round it up , have a bowl of [ rote gr\u00fctze ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rote_gr\u00fctze ) , the most delicious dessert mankind has ever tasted . 
  if you 're in for a quick sweet treat , however , get some [ franzbr\u00f6tchen ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/franzbr\u00f6tchen ) , a form of sweet pastry designed to emulate french pastry but ended up surpassing it . 
  all of these dishes are from the ` hidden germany ' , north germany , with 100 % more water , less mountains and , everyone agrees , far nicer inhabitants . 
  or i could stop at the asian and get some noodles . 
  sorry then , it seemed to me you would deny secession simply because there 's no treaty regulating the proceeding . 
  that to me seemed wrong , as your countries existence basically is owed to people believing in a natural right to self determination . 
  as to the majority thing , you 're right , but nothing keeps you from demanding 2/3 or even 4/5 majorities . 
  as i said i 'm in no position to decide on the matter . 
  i never called for krajna to secede . 
  i did , however point out that the lack of a political entity representing them should not keep anyone from demanding autonomy , even independence . 
  were the uk ruled exclusively from london and devolution never took place , i still would n't deny scotland a referendum . 
  might be there are good reasons for krajna to stay croatian . 
  still does not mean the serbs there have no rights themselves . 
  the horrors committed twenty years ago do not matter in determining policy today and towards people unassociated with them . 
  anything else is hypocritical . 
  maybe you mistake me for a serbian apologist . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm glad they ultimately failed in implementing their wargoals . 
  but i do believe in applying the principle of self-determination to everyone involved , no matter the state of their political representation or some exit clauses the may or may not have . 
  saying that means every house should be independent is ridiculous and a textbook example of slippery slope . 
  i ask for nothing more and nothing less than recognising the will of the people when deciding on policy - not suggesting krajna wants to secede , but you apparently would deny them that right even if they unanimously wanted to . 
  what i meant with  but political entities have no right to exist on their own merit is that an administrative region should reflect the reality of the life of the people in them . 
  i do n't wa n't to get in an argument over whether krajna is croatian/serb , i just do n't live there and know enough about it . 
  i merely state that the will of the people there is the most important factor in determining future borders and regions . 
  take us independence , for example . 
  were they guaranteed a ` right to secede ' ? 
  but the thirteen colonies independence was in reflection of their populations will , which is why nearly no one disputes it 's legitimacy . 
  now to make this clear : i do not support armed conflict as a means of achieving independence . 
  but the krajna serbs were wholly in their rights to go through croatia 's political institutions and demand a fair referendum , just as croatia , even without the legal backup , should have been able to pursue their independence from yugoslavia . 
   at least crimea existed does n't make their claim for independence more or less legitimate . 
  in east germany live the remnants of it 's west slavic population , the sorbs . 
  they are not represented in a special region or political entity , but that does n't rob them of their right to work towards independence . 
  they just do n't wa n't it . 
   historically russian can and has been disputed . 
  right know it 's mostly russian . 
  historically ? 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  but political entities have no right to exist on their own merit , when they fail to reflect reality they can and should be altered . 
  now , whether in this particular case such action would have been justified and if yes , how - i ca n't answer that . 
  no need to lash out on people you barely know . 
  [ david mcallister ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_mcallister ) , a british german cdu politician , prime minister of the state of lower saxony and currently member of the european parliament . 
  his father came from glasgow and fought in ww2 , though his son was born in berlin . 
  glad the y-axis starts at 0 . 
  true , `` nearly no '' was a bad way of putting it when i meant that compared to their former numbers they are few . 
  and look where that got him . 
  no worries , thanks to tsarist pogroms and hitler , there are nearly no jews left in the bank of settlement . 
  what makes the euro crisis discussion so frustrating , is that both sides refuse to admit the other one has good points . 
  come on eurozone : where are your actual plans on how to reduce suffering in greece & elsewhere ? 
  when will the banks finally be held accountable ? 
  how long do you want to be hypocritical about your own role in the crisis ? 
  come on greece : when will you step your game up and behave professionally in the negotiations ? 
  when will you stop passing nonsense laws & stop wasting time on statements and instead clamp down on the many problems your country faces ? 
  when will you admit that greece 's structural problems are not the fault of banks but a problem you have failed to adress for decades ? 
  when will you stop your queer `` dignity '' rants ? 
  to offer a different perspective : i 'm german and know for a fact that my ancestors back in the nazi era were not guilty of crime or collaboration . 
  my great grandfather gave up his well-paid job by refusing to join nsdap . 
  instead he spent the rest of the war sweeping streets . 
  his wife and her daughter , my grandmother , crossed the streets so as to avoid meeting officials whom they 'd have to greet with the hitler salute . 
  all of them were staunch communists . 
  one uncle died from wounds received in a concentration camp , months after the war ended . 
  i have no connection , neither personal nor ancestral , to the people executing/planning the holocaust . 
  but do i want to learn about it , do i see it as part of my nation 's responsibility to prevent this from ever happening again ? 
  absolutely . 
  should muslim germans learn about it ? 
  absolutely . 
  yes , even `` wends '' is a problematic term as it encompasses numerous vaguely related west slavic tribes in modern east germany and poland . 
  now balts and slavs had little in common other than living next to each other and supposedly originating from a common `` balto-slavic '' ancestor . 
  but for practical purposes they were completely separate groups of people by the 13th century . 
  the wends were not a baltic people , they were west slavic . 
  some of them ( sorbs ) still live in lusatia . 
  the people around k\u00f6nigsberg were ( baltic ) prussians , and the region would later be named after them . 
  assimilation was a long and tedious process . 
  a few centuries after the conquest they stopped revolting and continued to live next to the german/flemish settlers . 
  gradually more and more started to speak german out of practical reasons , they kept many of their traditions though which in turn were adapted by the germanic settlers until at some point a new , germanic , prussian regional identity emerged . 
  more beer , less oil . 
  later in the article he makes a good point though : croatia was allowed to secede from ys , croatian serbs however were n't allowed to secede from croatia and remain with ys . 
  seems hypocritical to me . 
  obviously this does not legitimise russia 's current conduct in ukraine . 
  a good deed does not wipe out a bad one , and vice versa . 
  this is what russian trolls do n't understand : no matter how awful the west behaves , it still does n't give putin the right to do the same . 
  that is shocking . 
  `` at least '' he apparently asked government officials and was not ordered to do so . 
  rest assured , basically whatever * die welt * writes is drivel . 
  i originally attacked keeptalkinggreece 's article , but now i see i must make clear i do n't defend welt 's article , which is largely pointless and ill informed . 
  as to the paragraph cited , yeah , it really comes down to this . 
  he does n't * explicitly * say greeks are slavs etc. . , uses that notion in a way a reader could think both : 1 ) they really are n't true greeks 2 ) in the 19th century there were two prevalent views and one ( philhellenism ) prevailed of course he inserted that double meaning consciously , hoping to generate interest and make people comment , catering to the subconscious impression of die welt 's readers , namely that they are the last well informed and educated persons in a world of liberals and lefties . 
  the article , just like keeptalkinggreece 's , is essentially clickbait . 
   philhellenism 's victory again reinforced the humanistic ideals supporting it . 
  the idea that modern greeks were descendants of pericles or socrates and not a mixture of slavs , byzantines and albanians , became dogma for classically educated europeans . 
  not even eu architects could escape it , letting the already needy greece enter the european boat in 1980 . 
  one can admire the results daily . 
  author 's way of ` thinking ' : a few right-wing , racist * comments * on an * online * article of a conservative german daily * without * high circulation or reputation --  frg is literally the third reich reborn . 
  he misquoted the article completely , the only dubious part was were the welt-article speaks of ` albanians , slavs and byzantines ' , but by that it could have very well meant the 19th century view of greeks as such . 
  and fallmerayer was not one of the ` greatest german intellectuals ' of the 19th century . 
  and racial theory as a field of scientific research was actually accepted and practiced all over europe back then . 
  good journalism my **** ( slightly altered quote ), 
   the world economy will expand forever . 
  you 're probably the only one believing that . 
  no one has ever discovered a habitable planet and neither would we have a means to travel there . 
  face it , this planet is all we have for the time being and it is not capable of supporting unlimited growth .
