  you 're not even necessarily expressing an opinion . 
  just clarifying what is the law . 
  it 's better than in syria , but the war there is ongoing whereas kosovo has been at peace for more or less 15 years . 
   but the feeling is that they 'll stay . 
  yay , politics based on feelings !, 
  also you 'd certainly not be called out for saying that kosovo is a `` fucked-up '' region . 
  sorry , but i ca n't take a `` solution '' seriously that involves indiscriminate killing of millions upon millions . 
  to be honest , i do n't understand this narrative of the west having to protect it 's values ( i.e. 
  one should n't kill innocents ) by , what ... ? 
  killing innocents ? 
  so what 's your plan then ? 
  `` glass it '' ? 
  are you calling for genocide here ? 
  so you want to call a crusade against israel ? 
  sorry , but all i did was pointing out how there 's no reason to complain about politicians doing what they 're supposed to do . 
  i do n't think so , assad would 've had major problems controlling his country even if we neglect western/saudi support . 
  is there any specific reason that made you come to that conclusion ? 
   then why should we take people in on a voluntary basis . 
  one good reason would be to help those with obligatory quotas . 
  1000 would n't hurt denmark at all . 
  and since it has an opt out , you ca n't even make everyone 's favorite claim - that this will just lead to more people coming . 
  edit : uninterested in karma , but it definitely is interesting how no one here had the guts to explain * why * they disagree . 
  a nato country shot down a russian plane . 
  i * want * people to choose their words carefully here , politics is n't supposed to entertain you . 
  what did you want him to say ? 
  the eu 's problems are not a lack of common history and a language ( i would dispute the history part ) , but of a strong , democratically elected central government . 
  the us has that . 
  ah , then we obviously agree . 
   the usa deals with a lot of middle-eastern immigration than europe does . 
  if you 're trying to say it deals with more middle-eastern immigration than europe , that 's false . 
   in order to find out how to successfully integrate immigrants ( provided it is possible ) , research will need to be done . 
  experiments will need to be done . 
  it will take decades to reach any consensus . 
  `` provided it is possible '' ? 
  what are the usa if not product of successful immigrant integration ? 
  what can i say - this is absolutely breathtaking . 
  well done !, 
  i generally have a very low opinion of private broadcasters . 
  they will always cater to mainstream demands and have much less freedom in their program choices . 
  i do know that claiming state sponsored media is more independent sounds weird at first , but with proper controls and some form of guaranteed funding it 's generally true . 
  even in germany , with our public broadcaster 's often dubious relationship to politics , the best , most in-depth documentaries and shows have n't been commissioned by private tv . 
  yes !, 
  could this be the beginning of a truly european broadcaster ? 
  especially since  arte 's goal if its proposal is approved is to expand its choice of languages from four to six , by adding polish and italian , from november to 2016 to october 2017 . 
  euronews is ok , but it 's private and very narrowly focused on news . 
  i definitely agree with your sentiment , but if that were his point , why does he feel the need to utter blanket statements such as  it is not a culture of murderers and not a culture of religious hatred . 
   the voice of a president of the republic should be a voice of the nation , not the voice of the media , not their media trumpet . 
  although i admit that i would have more comfortable life , if i were a voice of the media . 
  those journalists , who write every day about something else , without understanding anything , would praise me for giving such beautiful speeches . 
  what a disgusting populist stunt . 
   there is a manipulation that has a lot of beautiful names . 
  i 'll tell you just three : someone claims to be a \u201e value leader '' , and says about himself , that he is entitled to tell us what values we should , and therefore also we should not , share . 
  other proclaims himself to be so-called opinion leader , i.e. 
  a leader of public opinion - and usually these are those would-be elites , trying to get noticed , without being elected by anyone nor authorized for such opinion . 
  and the absolutely most horrible label is called ( public ) opinion makers . 
  he 's really just describing himself here . 
  beards really do n't make for a good analogy here . 
  i 'd also encourage you to look at answers i 've given to other replies . 
  quoting u/inthenameofmine  * banning foreign funding for religious organizations * forcing all donations to all religious organizations to go through the government tax system , and get dispersed by the government * only fund imams who are secular , against violence , and support the division between church and state . 
  * fund the translation of secular , philosophical , and scientific literature into arabic ( almost all books in arabic today printed are of extreme religious nature , funded by the saudis ), 
  wait , i 'm all for taking a stand against isis . 
  bombing them . 
  but the truth is , the current measures are n't effective . 
  and i understand how that can make one wish to simply `` blow these assholes off the map '' . 
  but the truth is that even if nato were invade with ground forces , some other group or isis itself will continue the fight . 
  bombs are necessary , but bombs alone ca n't even begin to fix the underlying problems . 
  we need to eliminate the state-like structures of isis as best we can ; but we should n't fool ourselves - that wo n't magically eliminate terrorism , too . 
  all they need is one fanatic with a bomb . 
  our best chance is to also combat isis 's access to fanatics , and for that we need to do more than bomb them into submission . 
   sometimes turning the other cheek is just an invitation to throw another rock . 
  well i do agree with that sentiment . 
  i just hope people calling for yet again deploying occupation forces in the middle east to stop isis know what they 're risking ; and which mistakes should not be repeated . 
  always great to have other people tell me what i think . 
  have fun finding support for `` going in hard '' just like the us did a decade ago . 
  also good luck dealing with the crazy cost and the international and domestic dissent and outrage during an occupation period of twenty , thirty or more years . 
  it is perfectly understandable why people might want to be careful with this . 
   and blow these assholes off the map before they get any more powerful . 
  and watch them reemerge in a couple of years . 
  you seem to essentially argue that a combined eu army is not currently feasible since we 1 ) lack a strong overarching european identity and 2 ) do n't trust the eu in it 's current form to implement it . 
  i do agree here though i 'd like to add that establishing combined armed forces can and should only happen gradually and carefully ; as well as combined with other measures . 
  that way no one will be forced to enact policies against their will while we develop solutions to i.e. 
  the problem of nuclear warheads ( once could be that responsibility for them stays with france while other structures of it 's army are integrated eu-wide ) . 
  cooperation would start small and slowly evolve into more ( actually it 's already happening with the battlegroups ) . 
  ideally we 'd cooperate so much that eventually we 'd be perfectly fine with dissolving some national structures since no one needs them anyway . 
  this would happen with consent from each participating state . 
  yes , i do . 
  terrorists attack indirectly where they do n't stand a chance in the open . 
  is indirectly attacked france and turkey , it directly attacks i.e. 
  the ypg or other syrian rebel groups . 
  you can disagree with my choice of words ( i could also have used the terms `` conventional '' and `` assymetric '' warfare . 
  ) , but that 's really just arguing semantics . 
  the same happened to france on the 13th , it did n't invoke article 5 because of it . 
  isis did not directly attack turkey and the pkk attacked it the same way the ira attacked britain . 
  should turkish soldiers have been deployed in ireland ? 
  they 're guaranteeing the freedom of fellow eu states anyways . 
  also , the tax he proposed would mean each and everyone pays their share . 
  isis for example does not consider syria it 's country and i think both conventional and civil war have awful implications on people affected . 
  in any case , i do n't comprehend why reaching consensus would be easier in a civil war . 
  to me at least it would seem much harder . 
   but honestly i believe that since we are dealing with civil war consensus should be easier to reach than in case of external invasion .
