  that european culture has spread and influenced a large part of the world does not negate this . 
   as someone with your nickname should know , christianity was the most divisive issue in europe for the longest time so in the context of op 's question calling it a `` common history '' would be akin to calling nazism common history . 
  still a unifying factor though - especially in regards to the world outside of europe . 
   well , that 's great islam is a common historical enemy . 
  what changed that you 're now a called xenophobe , racist and threatened by eu when you are cautious of letting it uncontrollably in your country ? 
  and we 're not even treating islamists as an enemies mind you , just being cautious letting them in . 
  1 ) who is `` we '' ? 
  2 ) if you do n't know what changed since the middle ages then i am not going to educate you . 
   realistically , i do n't think most citizens give a fuck about countries like north korea and do n't really want to do much with middle east . 
  also calling russia straight up enemy ? 
  please . 
  yes . 
  russia is an enemy , it has chosen to be one by invading ukraine and georgia and not respecting rule of law and human rights . 
  i added a `` right now '' because a different government might change that , obviously . 
  i do n't remember exactly where i read it , but has n't an us intelligence agency stated before congress that the hacking and leaking of information during the election campaign could only be explained by top-level russian involvement ? 
  oh , i can get behind that in general , but why are forces needed `` especially in germany '' ? 
  and i think we need us troops in estonia , latvia , lithuania and poland , putin is far less likely to send his green men there if there is a risk us soldiers are hurt . 
  azores so i can stay in the eu , 
   but the dutch people i met in germany told me it was very hard to learn german and of course i know that i do n't understand spoken dutch , at least not enough to understand the full meaning . 
  but full immersion in a dutch-speaking environment will obviously help with that , i 'd imagine . 
   very much necessary . 
  especially in germany . 
  why ? 
  we do n't border russia , where they would be more useful . 
  oh god , those posts are even more stupid now after russian involvement has been proven . 
  i thought so , yeah . 
  pleasantly surprised about my countrymen , are they just extra-motivated or is it easier to learn for us ? 
     what history do v4 countries share with someone like scandinavia , spain or greece ? 
  christianity . 
  a certain degree of reception of greek and roman philosophy , art and history as well as later developments of european / western culture in general ( art movements for example )  what common historical enemies do they share ? 
  historical enemies ? 
  islam , especially the ottoman empire . 
  today ? 
  countries threatening peace and human rights etc. 
  like russia right now . 
  actually more like saying london but meaning the uk . 
  what is `` longer '' ? 
  about a year maybe ? 
  the dfb ( german football association ) probably . 
  and i do n't really know how they got their name , not that into football apart from hoping my club wins the next match ( actually more like `` does not loose catastrophically '' right now ) . 
  i 'd have actually just called them red bull leipzig . 
  who cares . 
  when i first heard the acronym i actually assumed it stands for that . 
  any new city/team mixing things up is good ( as long as hsv stays ) . 
  flair up !, 
  but where is `` bello '' ? 
  i feel like that is the quintessential dog 's name . 
  who do you think of when i mention german resistance to nazism ? 
  the white rose maybe , or the stauffenberg conspirators . 
  how many know of [ georg elser ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/johann_georg_elser ) , just an ordinary man who almost killed hitler with a selfmade bomb . 
  all on his own , after months of planning and work . 
  a real hero in my opinion , and a man to look up to . 
  sadly , his role was downplayed after the war . 
  al smith vs. hoover maybe . 
  then democrat it is . 
  at least in 2017 . 
  candidates are so important in the us you 'd better specify who they are . 
  * martinskirche * jakobikirche * michaeliskirche * marienkirche * katharinenkirche * paulskirche i feel most of the time the title `` saint '' is not specified . 
  it would be something like sankt-martinskirche or st.-martinskirche though . 
  why the downvotes , people ? 
  its a perfectly reasonable estimation , spd lost voters last time as well . 
   we do n't refuse to speak english because arrogance , we just are very bad at speaking it . 
  i do n't know - in my experiences some french really get passive aggressive if you do n't speak to them in perfect french . 
  i asked a 30 something for directions once and he actually had me repeat `` manceau '' four times until he went aaah !, 
  i am a hundred percent sure he knew before , just wanted to stick it to me . 
  and i even said it in french ... 
   i would have been very surprised if people in the east were n't paralyzed with fear . 
    was anyone afraid that this could spark a wider war that might have gone nuclear ? 
  initially people west and east were anxious . 
  but it quickly became apparent that the east german state lost its authority and believability fast as droves of east germans left and returned without being hindered . 
  it was , all in all , a happy event . 
  its the same in most of germany ( maybe even all of it ? 
  that is why i wrote `` if given the chance '' . 
  i do not trust russia one bit . 
  without nato and its armies , the russians in the baltic states will be `` liberated '' should their governments dare to act with sovereignty and not as russian satellites . 
  are you kidding ? 
  i definitely think russia would invade its neighbours again if given the chance . 
  nato would not do so , even if only because it is not a nation . 
  yes , but police officers on routine patrols still know of wanted criminals , especially during such a high-profile manhunt . 
  right wing regime = working economy ? 
  what a weird equation . 
  peter is still seen as `` good '' ? 
  even though draining the marshes in ingria has taken so many forced labourer 's lives ? 
  interesting , it 's a bit like my dialect ( low german ) it seems . 
  i feel it is far more common for me to say i.e. 
  `` ich warf '' instead of `` ich habe geworfen '' than for example for swabians . 
  does n't austria have something like [ konkurrierende gesetzgebung ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/konkurrierende_gesetzgebung ) ? 
  its a bit surprising that federalism is so weak . 
  no , but one of binge drinking . 
  so simple past is more common in estonian than past perfect ? 
  i think it is down to people misunderstanding the title ; and the fact that a ) germany was only unified very recently as a modern state and b ) that people know next to nothing about the holy roman empire and do n't identify with it at all - even though it arguably was the `` german '' political entity for most of german history . 
   you do n't have to `` claim '' the teutons just because the poles want something to jab at you about , but nonetheless , someone out there thinks he 's pressing your buttons by bringing it up . 
  it says something . 
  how much , i do n't know , but something . 
  exactly . 
  it says something , and if we go by humorous statements , people might even refer to the germanic tribes of antiquity as `` us '' . 
  but it is something one would only hear jokingly , for example a host of a late night show might poke fun at an italian politician claiming the eu was run by germany by mentioning the battle of teutoburg forest in an offhand manner . 
  all the other germans here are putting forth ridiculously modern dates . 
  since i presume you are not talking about modern nationalism , i feel comfortable with speaking of `` us germans '' after 843 ( [ treaty of verdun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_verdun ) ) . 
  this only works when you look at it from our time though - because the modern german state developed more or less continuously out of east francia .
