yes as / u/prigby thought , i am from the north . 
  as i am sure you at least vaguely know northern ireland is largely split between unionists and nationalists . 
  basically this affects the entire political system , with people voting based on that rather than on what might be best for the country and refusing to see other peoples point of view . 
  same for the politicians in stormant themselves , either because they need to play to their electorate or as is often the case they are just idiots . 
  sectarianism and tribal politics . 
  yes of course we do ... 
  recent films ? 
  or older ones ? 
  that 's fine man , nothing wrong with disagreeing . 
  no i see what you are saying mate , and you 've edited your post in phrase it in a better way in all fairness . 
  i mean firstly , if they vote for their independence , either in a direct referendum or through electing pro-independence parties then how can you say that is not a legitimate reason for an independent catalan state to exist ? 
  i 'm not saying that 's what is definitely going to happen , i have no idea . 
  support seems high at the moment , and from what i have read the polls suggest the next election will go in favour of those in favour independence but anything could happen i am sure as we saw in the scottish case . 
  if it did happen though , then how could a democratic decision like that not be considered legitimate even if spain * claim * sovereignty ? 
  as for why they want to leave , i am sure an actual catalan could give you more detailed reasons ( and i am equally sure a spaniard would refute them ) , but firstly catalans ( maybe not all of them ) see themselves as culturally distinct from the rest of spain , dating back to the middle ages . 
  obviously they have their own language for instance . 
  i would say being a culturally distinct region is as good a reason as any to be independent from another , at least in combination with other factors . 
  catalans also think they 'd be better off economically if they left spain . 
  catalonia is also much more left-leaning than the rest of spain ( though someone can correct me if i am wrong ) , which dates back to the spanish civil war . 
  naturally a political divide like that is going to lead to talk of independence . 
  edit : christ , first time i have come into this sub-reddit where you get downvoted for giving a perfectly reasonable opinion . 
  what a shower of cunts . 
  maybe not mate ... maybe it 's just that english is the * lingua franca * of europe and so if you 're looking to broadcast a message to the whole of europe and the world , you would put in english . 
  not sure what that has to do with convincing an individual that he personally should support their right to independence though . 
  the guy has since edited his post though , to say `` why anyone should support you guys '' , which is a perfectly reasonable question . 
  what do you mean `` you 'll bite '' ? 
  ah yeah , suppose that makes a lot of sense . 
  figured it 'd be something like that . 
  what is the situation like in the basque country as well do you know ? 
  is your own independence movement having any effect there ? 
  both you guys should be independent , if the majority want it . 
  awesome , hope you guys can get it !, 
  maybe a daft question but how come the paper is english ? 
  though both are good . 
  technically yesterday now , but cheers , 
  well the rising was actually carried out on easter monday , but it 's a fair point , 
  thanks for posting , i like to read about the developments in the basque country and catalonia . 
  that 's just fucking awful . 
  sickening stuff ... 
   well yes and no . 
  a stick and ball sport was played by the gaelic irish . 
  we do n't really know what it was though . 
  yes to point , but it 's not as if a stick and ball sport was no longer played , and then was suddenly made up in the 19th century as part of the gaelic revival . 
  the sport was still popular and being played ( along with shinty and possibly other regional variations ) and so there is an unbroken link there even if the sport may have evolved a bit differently in different regions or at different times , sure the codification and the founding of the gaa has a lot to with the general ` celtic twilight ' mood of the era ( as well as the general trend of sports which were all getting codified in this period ) and it 's not to say that the modern sport of hurling is exactly the same as the ancient gaelic sport ( that would be highly unlikely ) but when you read the references to hurling in * the t\u00e1in * for example , it sounds vaguely similar to the modern sport in terms of how it 's played ( not the specific rules of course ) . 
  what 's strange about it ? 
  not trying to get at you or anything , i just do n't see what would make you think it 's strange compared to any other sport . 
  gaelic football is normal football , it 's not like soccer though no . 
  well that 's a fairly daft thing to say . 
  this a very good point . 
  been meaning to watch this . 
  yes i hate it , no idea why anyone would want it over sub 's . 
  yeah they do a dual code game every year . 
  shame shinty did n't become as big as hurling . 
  yeah it 's very cheesy , there was a really good show called fight quest with a similar premise too . 
  that 's really interesting , thanks mate . 
  no need to to delete it mate , i 'm sure others might have enjoyed watching !, 
  ah yeah i remember watching that human weapon episode , was n't a good show ... but savate looks cool . 
  apparently this is your national sport ? 
  - [ pes\u00e4pallo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pes%c3%a4pallo ) it looks quite interesting . 
  looks pretty interesting !, 
  interesting , never even knew that was a thing . 
  thanks op , very interesting photos . 
  some of them look like something out of the wicker man ( which is the point of the film i suppose ) . 
  as people are saying though , it lacks background info which is quite annoying . 
  for example what the hell is the northern ireland one ? 
  ( which should n't really be separate from ireland , i assume it is just the modern day location where the photo was taken ) . 
  i have never heard or seen of anything like that before so some info would be nice . 
  it should be , it is derry for all intents and purposes ( it is derry city council for instance ) but i think there is some strange law where they ca n't legally change the name of the city without royal prerogative or something like that . 
  edit : but anyway why am i talking about this in a page about a nobel prize winning scientist , congratulations to him !, 
  try learning !, 
  i am trying to learn a little bit here and there . 
  not getting on my high horse , because i ca n't speak it either , but so many people say `` oh i 'd love to be able to speak it '' , imagine if all of us tried to learn just a bit !, 
  it 's definitely gon na die if no one makes the effort . 
  except it 's really not about * religion * , not even remotely from a theological point of view . 
  class , love stuff like that . 
  no mate . 
  hahahaha what on earth , that was brilliant . 
  fuck off mate . 
  either listen to the song , or do n't . 
  what happened to the ones hitler tried to breed ? 
  lol , have you seen how the english language has changed over the centuries ? 
  red hand is a interesting symbol , in that it 's used by nationalists as well as unionists . 
  yes . 
  which is a given , so what 's the point of saying that ? 
  it 's a legend . 
  came to post it . 
  yeah the basques are a great bunch of lads , cool language too . 
  i do n't really like it all that much . 
  it looks good certain ways , but i think the french one looks better , i like the simplistic nature . 
  same for the tricolour . 
  lol at getting dowvoted for not liking a flag . 
  i like the ulster flag of course , ie . 
  my flair . 
  i am quite fond of the [ basque one ] ( http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5254a8b6e4b0f3efcbd694a2/525af032e4b02281543e6c75/525af034e4b02281543e7314/1379381906052/basquecountryflag ), 
  lovely photos mate , you are clearly a good photographer !, 
  is that a hobby of yours ? 
  glad you had a good time , you should come up north next time you visit !, 
  interesting developments . 
  well yeah no doubt the australians are better at rugby league but it still originated in england . 
  marngrook is an indigenous australian sport , some people think it influenced the development of aussie rules .
