bullshit as always . 
  they probably came up with the story because a dutch navy submarine and three other vessels are visiting tallinn right now . 
  other than being a submarine , there is no relation to the event in sweden . 
  the ships have been moored at the port since friday and everybody can go and see them with their own eyes . 
  it is a classic piece of misinformation , made to create confusion . 
  it is directed to people who already believe in consipiracies against russia . 
  people who also believe that the green men in crimean were local self defence militia , that the nato images of russian tanks in e-ukraine are actually `` from video games '' and other such crap . 
  i do n't think anyone here has any illusions anymore about what russia today ( rt ) is and what purpose it serves . 
  the traffic is more intense on the belgium side obviously . 
  you can not trust france with such things . . next thing they are selling the same system to russia . 
  edit : typo, 
  i believe that a few sanctions will not stop exxon if there is money to be had . 
  sounds like some law that isis would impose , not an eu member state . 
  unlike rt , which is the pillar of free and independent media in russia and the whole europe !, 
  i do n't mind uk leaving , if they want to be on their own then so be it . 
  but they should not expect any special treatment once they are out . 
  i like it, 
  it 's the token `` we have freedom to protest '' event . 
  only the one in moscow was allowed . 
  in other areas of the country , journalists get beaten when they dare to report on russian involvement in ukraine . 
  how about take a step back and think why no country in europe likes russia . 
  russia will get it 's respect it craves , but it 's not * respect based on admiration or trust , it 's the sort of respect you give towards an unpredictable lunatic in the room with a knife . 
  edit : typo, 
  my guess is that it was just under heavy load . 
  or . . it could be kapo trying to defuse the situation in order to avoid people reacting to the provocation . 
  have n't heard of any smugglers or thugs using radio jammers and smoke grenades . 
  the region is stable . 
  russian goal is to unstabilize it . 
  it is probably not a coincidence it happened a day after obama 's visit and speech ... but let 's waits for the press conference for additional information . 
  what it says in short : unknown gunmen abducted an estonian state security agency ( kapo ) employee who was on duty investigating an illegal border crossing near luhamaa border point with russia . 
  they took him across the border at gunpoint , using physical force . 
  the abduction was preceded by use of a smoke grenade and radio interference on police radio frequencies . 
  there will be a special press conference at 17.00 . 
  the location of the abducted employee is unknown . 
  fyi , kapo is the main counter-intelligence agency in estonia . 
  no , although you would probably have to travel to an estonian embassy for initial identity verification and to receive the physical card . 
  i am not sure , these details have n't been released yet . 
  i should add that this is the reason many refuse to learn local languages . 
  they feel that it is humiliating , given the position russian language and russians once had . 
  russians in ex-soviet states lost their privileged status after the ussr broke down . 
  many among the older generation have trouble realigning from being a member of the privileged russian majority in ussr to being a minority in a small state . 
  you might consider it as a key to the estonian state . 
  the specimen card is about as useful as a `` key to the city '' , so it can also be considered ceremonial . 
  i should add that the plastic itself is nothing spectacular , the value lies in the digital certificate of identity that comes with the card and the e-government and e-banking infrastructure that makes extensive use of that certificate . 
  yup , from 2015 everyone can order an estonian id card . 
  you can basically do everything that estonian citizens or residents can except for voting : - sign or encrypt documents with your digital signature - verify your identity on e-government , banking or other sites - use estonian e-governmental services ( you can see the full list of services here https://www.eesti.ee/eng/services ), 
  not sure if trolling or you genuinely do n't know ? 
  i could not care less about your hurt feelings . 
  there are no excuses for selling arms to russia . 
  there is war coming in europe and do n't think it wo n't reach your doorstep . 
  i suspect the french government would not sell the ships if the french public opinion were against it . 
  i 'm sorry , it was n't meant to be personal . 
  it calcifies the decadent and self-serving attitude that has taken hold in some eu countries . 
  france has really lost any credibility it had . 
  and by `` do everything '' you mean things like sell advanced warships to the enemy ? 
  if the ukraine conflict drags on long enough you might even see mistrals deployed to the coast of ukraine !, 
  they would be perfect for the type of invasion russia is currently carrying out in southern ukraine . 
  but hey , who am i to criticize !, 
  you have a `` contract '' right ? 
  france 's reputation is at stake after all !, 
  also , the national dish of estonians is another estonian . 
  the blood sausages thing is from germany . 
  dude you forgot [ latvia ] ( http://www.arepotatoeshealthy.com/images/r235246_945870.jpg ), 
  when the russians annexed the baltics , they murdered many of our people , forced others to join the soviet army , took over homes and property , etc. 
  there is a tale my grandparents told me , according to which when soviet families moved into the homes of people they had exterminated or driven away , they stole even the clothes that were left behind . 
  the women wore nightgowns to theaters because they thought they were fancy dresses . 
  you can imagine what the locals thought of the lot . 
  when the germans pushed soviets back , there was hope that the pre-annexation republic might be restored . 
  indeed , many saw the germans as liberators . 
  we had very fresh memories with soviet atrocities . 
  it is not really a big wonder that many wanted to join up to fight the soviets . 
  as for the `` ordinary soviet soldiers shedding blood for the world '' , can i remind you that hitler and stalin had divided europe into annexation zones with the [ molotov ribbentrop pact ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ) . 
  if hitler had not turned on stalin , they would probably be still best friends forever . 
  so no , i do n't care much for the blood that the soviet soldiers spilled . 
  i wish that both the soviets and nazis had destroyed each other completely , would have saved us from 50 years of occupation and terror . 
  the actions of the erna saved more than 2000 civilians from the hands of the soviet [ destruction batallions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/destruction_battalions ) and allowed them to escape to the west . 
  soviets murdered our people and stole our land . 
  calling ussr heroes and liberators is insulting . 
  the only difference between soviets and nazis is that nazis lost . 
  it 's about time to get rid of that crap . 
  given the countries you are going to visit . . just relax and enjoy your visit !, 
  welcome to europe . 
  i think your question can be generalized to `` do rights exist ? '', 
  i do n't think that rights exist `` out there '' in a platonic sense . 
  on the other hand , rights do exist as social constructs ( as do value of money and many other things ) . 
  i do n't think such constructs are a necessary part of the world , but rather just a convention that happens to be convenient . 
  turkey is not europe . 
  thanks for the warning . 
  the bulk of journalists in russia have learned to report the `` right interpretation '' and are probably quite safe . 
  it 's the independent thinking journalists that one should be concerned about . 
  three of them were shot and one possibly poisoned . 
  the idea that there are baltic or finnish fighters in ukraine is hilarious . 
  thanks for making us laugh . 
  edit : typo, 
  i should add that novaya gazeta is a newspaper critical to russian regime . 
  they have also paid the price . 
  since 2001 , four of its journalists have been murdered . 
  to my mind it is a sign that ukraine has a working democracy . 
  only countries like belarus , syria and russia have eternal leaders . 
  could anyone map the correlation between national debt and willingness to impose sanctions ?
