literally unelectable . 
  thatcherism, 
  i thought the years following the suez crisis were bad for britain but christ . . 
  like austria did ? 
  because many did not notice . 
  those who did were dismissed . 
  kinda like the jimmy saville case, 
  whenever somebody asks me where i live , i always respond with `` near sheffield '' because the shame of being under the rotherham council is too much . 
  okay , so when they have been banging on about `` taking back control '' what are they talking about if not restoring parliamentary sovereignty ? 
  while you 're right in that most would n't understand the exact term , all leave voters understand the concept . 
  and they wanted to get out of the eu to restore full parliamentary sovereignty . 
   maybe that 's what needs to change good fucking luck, 
  and we obey , over the hills and far away ... 
  have you seen sheffield . 
  well goodbye then , scotland, 
  nice to see sy being given the attention it deserves on reddit . 
  leave europe they said it 'll be fine they said . 
  are you sure about that, 
  part of being an island . 
  moderately surprised, 
  jokes on you i hate my life, 
  im surprised the uk was n't lower . 
   uk above france all is well, 
  this ca n't be real . 
  come on . 
  there has to be an error here somewhere, 
  yeah . 
  car crashed into the fence across from portcullis house, 
  this was in parliament square . 
  just our of frame to the right would be big ben, 
  economic uncertainty, 
  gerrof my land, 
  release the birth certificate !, 
  poland 's the whole reason we started the second world war . 
  `` anti-corruption leader found dead in duffel bag '', 
  macmillan broke down in tears when de gaulle vetoed our request . 
  i wonder how he 'd feel now . 
  hence thatcher, 
  farage 's wife is german . 
  doesnt mean much . 
   above france all is well, 
  actually more like april 2019 . 
  think about it son, 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i4cr38iqx0 ), 
  not to mention the fact that its like 13 stories tall and its positioned as to be visible from nearly every part of the city . 
  oh but it is . 
  [ we tried ] ( https://static.dezeen.com/uploads/2014/09/park-hill-brutalism-riba-library-photographs-collection_dezeen_468_6.jpg ), 
  grass roots fighting unions ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  so is this your hobby ? 
  who the fuck let tmay out of number 10 ? 
   no borders of course, 
  since when is border control a right wing principal ? 
  poland already has peterborough, 
  that 's no way to talk about the queen, 
  seriously . 
  my town benefited immensely from the eu money given to help redevelop the old manvers and wath pit areas . 
  a huge area was completely transformed and yet nobody seems to pay the little eu signs any attention . 
  its maddening, 
  half of south yorkshire is like that , and still people dont realise, 
  not after papa c gets in, 
  she looks like spitting image 's thatcher there, 
  we did that to birmingham on our own !, 
  birmingham, 
  `` newspaper of the year '' says fucking who ? 
  was that powell next to thatcher and churchill at the end ? 
  just about hit the nail on the head there, 
  that 's brutalism for ya . 
  they build houses like that, 
  would you call the viet cong terrorists ? 
  well the radio would have you believe its the pinnacle of human achievement , the way they blared it 24/7 for a month earlier this year . 
  no trees here . 
  ed sheeran 's galway girl on repeat, 
  the m1 is closed both ways near leeds at this very moment, 
  bad obsession motorsports . 
  our public services are falling apart, 
  til, 
  these people though , they never take the opportunity to better themselves . 
  they resign themselves to their life and never bother to move up the social ladder . 
  we were `` taught '' french in primary school for a couple years . 
  in secondary school we were either taught french or spanish , but again the quality of the teaching was poor ; i remember nothing from spanish . 
  some people chose to learn german , and from what i 've heard they 've had more success . 
  in sixth form , we had to do a `` languages learning online '' course , which was a horrendous waste of time . 
  some people chose to learn hard languages like chinese and russian , i chose dutch . 
  this thread makes me glad to live in a boring place, 
  i do n't know what i was expecting , but i definitely was n't expecting * that *, 
  r/unitedkingdom is such a mess . 
  it 's just constant , depressing political bickering . 
  that sub should be more r/casualuk than r/ukpolitics , but unfortunately it 's the wrong way around . 
  ... you might want euros , though, 
  labour shifted * back * to the left . 
  they were almost centrist under blair, 
  gone from being 20 points behind the tories to 3 points behind in 3 months . 
  libdems are n't center left . 
  they 're more right wing than labour , who is the centre left . 
  the harder left is the greens . 
  arctic monkeys !, 
   the idea that monarchy will eventually fall is very prevalent in the us well , thats retarded . 
  the queen has around an 80 % approval rating . 
  charles less so , but hes still very popular .
