  the jews were expelled from england in 1290 and were not allowed back until the 1660s . 
  that story really stuck with me . 
  the castle they died in was wooden , and burned down . 
  there is a stone castle there now , i always have a look around when i am in york . 
  i know some lovely jewish people and one or two not-lovely jewish people , lived for a long while in an area where 15 % of the population is jewish . 
  i would n't say i have a view on jewish people , they 're just people . 
  ca n't say i am a fan of israel though . 
  i do n't buy israeli goods because there is no real way for me to tell if they are israeli goods or palestinian goods . 
  i do n't understand why a nation that has been so persecuted for so long would immediately upon getting any amount of power go and persecute some other group of people so thoroughly . 
  ca n't everyone just enjoy falafel in peace ? 
  you probably did n't make any at all , and he just wanted to sound like he knew what he was on about . 
  i understand you are italian , and someone complimented you on your `` nearly perfect '' italian . 
  if someone complimented me on my command of my native language in those terms i would ask them to explain what prompted their use of the word `` nearly '' . 
  nearly perfect ? 
  the cheek . 
  my husband is british and is often mistaken for dutch . 
  i think it 's just that he is tall and fair and has unusually light blue eyes . 
  he looks different , so people assume foreign , just not very distantly . 
  confusion ? 
  i 've been mistaken for french and scottish ( whenever i am in scotland , people ask me for directions ) , but when i was working and travelling in russia when i was 20 , i got mistaken for russian a lot , and that was helpful . 
  i felt a lot more comfortable for not standing out . 
  i was with a group of russian friends on a minibus in a small city in russia in winter . 
  i did n't look like the odd one out , because i was very very slim ( i 'd been quite ill and weighed about 40kilos , so my face was all cheekbones and eyes ) and pale and had long auburn hair all the way down my back . 
  i did n't look like the odd one out . 
  igor looked like the odd one out . 
  he is tall and broad and a little overweight with white blond hair and was wearing a very coordinated outfit and looked like a canadian hockey player or something . 
  i think igor was gay , not that anything was ever mentioned , but he was certainly more colourfully and carefully dressed than the other young russian men i met . 
  other passengers on the bus thought we were speaking english for igor 's benefit , and a drunken doctor tried to get my number . 
  he was so drunk that he did n't seem surprised that i could n't understand him . 
  i had n't been learning russian for very long and it had been a long day . 
  my friends explained to the other passengers that i was the foriegner and everyone had a laugh about it . 
  we got talking about it and about traveling in the uk and ireland ( half of my family are irish and i 've spent a bit of time there ) and they were surprised because they thought that the whole island of ireland was a very dangerous place , practically a war zone . 
  this was in 2005 . 
  at my school ( 1997-2001 ) we did french for the first three years ( 11-14 ) , german and french for one year ( 14 ) , then two years of just german ( 14-16 ) . 
  the french we got no choice . 
  german was an option at 14 , for those who did reasonably well in french , and 14-16 we had to pick one of the two to study to gcse . 
  that is less and less common these days , most people i know have tile or wooden floors in the bathroom and a bath mat to catch the drips when you get out of the bath that can be boil washed . 
  no , but it may be a peculiarity of our electrical wiring and safety standards . 
  i understand that visitors occasionally find it odd that we do n't have light switches in bathrooms or plug sockets . 
  nope , in the uk you will find most houses have their washing machine in the kitchen ( or some seperate utility room or converted garage ) . 
  there are no electrical sockets in british bathrooms , because of the expectation that there will be a lot of water and high voltage . 
  in a small farming town somewhere north of zaragoza , i asked for red wine with my late lunch one afternoon and was presented with a full bottle . 
  i 'm a small woman and it was 3pm ( we did n't intend to stay very long and my husband was driving , so had ordered a soft drink ) , i was rather outfaced by this full bottle of wine on my table . 
  i was upset at the thought that the waiter thought i was your stereotypical alcoholic brit abroad , and that there may be some expectation that i drink the whole thing ( now he had opened it and left it on my table , as would be the case in the uk ) . 
  i was rather expecting a mid sized glass of wine , and a bottle of water . 
  i had ordered in spanish , and did n't have sunburn , and was n't in a touristy area . 
  i came to understand ( through asking the waiter ) that i was not being charged for the wine and could have as much or as little as i wanted , it being a wine-producing region and the wine being so cheap . 
  and of course , it would n't be lunch without a glass of wine . 
  a very civilised way of proceeding , i approve . 
  yay spain . 
  the best food vans near my work are the palestinians and the mexicans . 
  the fried halloumi and falafel wrap is just to die for . 
  they do good shawarma wraps too . 
  i do n't go to the mexican one so much because their burritos are just too big . 
  i 'm a small woman , i do n't want to eat all my daily calorie needs in one burrito . 
  it is glorious though . 
  the worst are the greasy burger vans . 
  they smell of old oil and sadness and are often visibly sticky . 
  i got one in january and it was about # 70 but you could pay extra to have the post office check it before sending it . 
  i paid the extra ( # 13 i think ) and got my passport within a week . 
  you can call a horse a pony , does n't make it any less a horse . 
  google maps does n't take into account that you might want to stop to go to the loo or get something to eat . 
  i did a bit of a google search and found this one is in suffolk . 
  so not that far off with my lincolnshire guess . 
  flat bits of eastern england . 
  at a guess , is that lincolnshire ? 
  in yorkshire , lancashire and parts of cumbria and northumberland , traditional ( say over 200 year old ) houses in the country tend to look a lot like [ this ] ( http://www.self-build.co.uk/sites/default/files/styles/node_image/public/a-typical-yorkshire-dales-cottage.jpg?itok=kx8sprgf ) two stories , stone built , a window either side of the door , attic for storage and a shed or outbuilding or three . 
  in villages they tend to be more commonly connected to other buildings , like [ this ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/planyo/5114_27738_35222_r.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/9aca71a596394361a3177cf062f49525/row-of-old-stone-cottages-heptonstall-west-yorkshire-dane2n.jpg ) and are typically smaller . 
  the stone is pale golden yellow but blackend with years of soot . 
  a farm in the yorkshire dales looks like [ this ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/ey2aah/traditional-stone-dales-farmhouse-in-wharfdale-yorkshire-dales-national-ey2aah.jpg ) . 
  most houses will have a small garden at the front and behind the house . 
  traditionally this was for vegetables and herbs and medicinal plants or now more commonly overflowing with flowers like [ this ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/f18mkc/traditional-white-painted-stone-cottage-in-dent-village-cumbria-england-f18mkc.jpg ) . 
  barns look like [ this ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/traditional-stone-barn-yorkshire-dales-sheep-outside-near-kettlewell-way-footpath-74775432.jpg ) . 
  something a little finer looks like [ this ] ( http://www.cottagesdirect.co.uk/148436-high-rylands.jpg ) . 
  i might eat a 300g bag a week and i feel like i have a bit of a crisp addiction problem . 
  having said that , i can eat them at one sitting , as a meal in and of themselves , usually with beer . 
  lots of people have a 35g bag a day , with their lunch or as an afternoon snack . 
  you are a bit strange . 
  iceland specialises in frozen food , ( hence the name ) , therefore most people would n't consider them supermarkets , because you ca n't buy fresh bread or vegetables or cleaning products or many other everyday household things there . 
  lidl , netto and aldi are supermarkets . 
  they sell everything . 
  variety stores is not a phrase i have ever heard anyone in the uk use . 
  we do n't tend to use the word `` stores '' much , it is an americanism . 
  pound shops are a thing , but we are talking about supermarkets so they do n't come into the question . 
  neither do b&m bargains or home bargains because they only sell crisps and sweets and cleaning products and children 's toys . 
  no fresh food . 
  call them what you will , but they do not enter into the scope of this quesiton so they have not been mentioned . 
  generally i 've found that the education is no better in public school than state school . 
  if you want to be ignorant you can be ignorant in either schooling system . 
  if you have innate curiosity you will find a way to nurture it . 
  it 's the networking and other opportunities ( background wealth ) that make the difference in earning power outcome . 
  more recently class has become less a thing about what job you do or what school you went to so much as how you spend your time and what money you have , and is much more in the control of the individual . 
  progress . 
  where are you from , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  in the uk , public school is something different ( actually being private schools , meaning anyone can go there but you have to pay , versus state schools which are paid for by taxes that the general public pay more of as a percentage compared to those who send their children to private schools ) . 
  i went to a state school . 
  not generally my style . 
  unless mildly condescending remarks about spelling , punctuation and grammar are rude . 
  the distinction was n't one i was aware of . 
  not sure `` discount '' is so much of a thing in the uk .
