  there 's costco but that is about it . 
  plus jane austen and errant cattle . 
  what 's not to love . 
  move with the times . 
  maybe call it a lmao !, 
  and pronounce the click instead of the exclamation . 
  not so sure about the harpsichord idea , might be a bit damp . 
  a swedish friend of mine ( who spoke about five languages ) once told me that he did n't think he could get work in england because his english was n't good enough . 
  i told him that his english was n't fluent , it was idiomatic . 
  and i knew he knew what that meant , unlike many of my classmates from high school , who were native speakers and just ignorant . 
  ha!ha !, 
  apparently used to have the exclamation marks too , to show how you would be wandering along and all of a sudden your stroll would be interrupted by a large ditch and would be surprised and amused . 
  i can pick out some words in icelandic and faroese ( spoken , not written ) and if i watch the bridge or the killing for long enough i start to think i can understand some danish and swedish , start pointing at the subtitles on screen and enthusiastically suggesting closer translations . 
  it 's probably over confidence brought on by subtitles though , not real understanding . 
  i lived on a farm in iceland for four months . 
  all the people spoke english but i had to learn a little icelandic to tell the dogs to get out of the kitchen . 
  i studied german for three years when i was a teenager but none of it stuck and i read quite a lot of middle and old english . 
  there is a short video somewhere on the internet of english comedian eddie izzard going to some frisian farmer and asking in old english if he can buy a brown cow for milking . 
  the guy is so confused . 
  how can this person be speaking frisian ? 
  i like to find similarities in languages , even if they have been unintelligible for centuries . 
  i like nordic languages . 
  nasal and rising intonations bug me but it is volume that i struggle with . 
  it took me a few seconds to figure out what you were saying there . 
  i do declare !, 
  i breifly taught conversational and business english in russia . 
  one of my students put it to me that people who learn british english go to the states and people think they are exotic and aristocratic . 
  people who learn american english are just another immigrant . 
  as they sell pretty much everything you could possibly want on a day to day basis ( plus skiwear ? 
  ) i would call them a supermarket . 
  and they do good wine . 
  broadly speaking , i concurr . 
  i would add booth 's in there above waitrose ( but i think they are only yorkshire ) and think lidl is above asda , even if they do n't have the same range , there are fewer people who look like they might stab you in lidl . 
  asda near me is a dark and scary place , full of trolley rage . 
  it is n't unique to the uk , it seems the haha ( or ha!ha ! ), 
  is a french innovation and there are hahas all over the world . 
  in 19th century australian lunatic assylums and around the washington monument for example . 
  harpsichords are cool . 
  in the middle ages it was quite common to have a manor house near the village church , on the outskirts of a village . 
  for convenience , as quite often the gentry/nobility would have had the church built as a christian charity and to show their wealth . 
  then in the 17th and 18th centuries larger , more elegant houses became popular for those who could afford them ( think going from a twenty room manor house with an attached farm to a hundred room mansion in it 's own grounds ) . 
  landscaping with lakes and hills and picturesque parklands , grazing sheep and meadows , splendid avenues of mature trees that sort of thing . 
  an artificial rural idyl . 
  often whole villages were demolished and moved a way away so as not to spoil the view . 
  dozens of labourers would work for years with hand tools to acheive the appearance of naturally beautiful landscape and landscape gardeners became famous . 
  lancelot `` capability '' brown probably being the most famous of all . 
  i often wonder who gave him the nickname he went by and if he really liked being called lancelot . 
  the wall is sunken into the hillside so it does n't spoil the view from the house . 
  from the house the hill looks smooth . 
  try now please , 
  not a problem many people have , but if it affected a few wealthy people three hundred years ago , the solution gets it 's own name . 
  we tended to get excersises to do in year 7-9 ( so 11-14 ) and then 14-16 ( year 10 and 11 ) more essays and coursework and 16-18 more and more self-directed work . 
  basically you can slack off years 7,8 and 9 but after that it gets serious and very highly pressured and competitive . 
  if you do n't get good grades for your coursework it jepordises your opportunities in tertiary education . 
  you might not get in to the university course you want if you did n't do well enough in the coursework . 
  coursework could be up to 60 or 70 % , the exams everything else . 
  so it 's serious business being a teenager . 
  worst time of my life . 
  during the course of the qualification ( typically a year or two ) you have a percentage of your work or a number of special projects . 
  teaching time is often devoted to the material you have to learn in order to complete the project or essays , and you are expected to complete the project or essays as homework , in your own time . 
  for example for a fine art qualification would be coursework with no exam at the end and might consist of a number of studies or works of original art working through a theme of ideas . 
  the class time could be teaching about different media ( pottery , oil painting , sculpture , whatever ) or the history of art and different artists that you might consider using in your coursework . 
  for a literature qualification you might have to do a series of essays , comparitive studies of different works of literature , authorial message , literary theory that sort of thing . 
  good to hear . 
  my courses were mostly of the coursework variety . 
  i did very well on tests but struggled with coursework for various reasons . 
  i did decently well , but did n't have the option that you did . 
  so i am glad that option is there somewhere . 
  it seems unfair to me that coursework was brought in to make things more fair for those who find that formal examinations induce so much anxiety that they did n't do as well as they could have done . 
  you sound very clever . 
  i do n't know where you are , but where i am from you have an exam grade and a coursework grade . 
  homework counts towards your final grade , up to 60 % in some subjects , so you ca n't get out of it . 
  some teachers let you do your coursework in lesson times , others plan to show you other things during lessons and expect you to do your coursework in your own time . 
  come back , little britain !, 
  in england they are called different things depending on which part of the country you are from . 
  ditch is correct , as is dike or dyke , though dike/dyke is more often applied to the ones that have raised banks and are tall as well as deep and watery . 
  a running dike is one with a watercourse in it . 
  that 's not a haha , hahas are something else . 
  hahas are to keep livestock out of your garden without spoiling your view of your park . 
  like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9c/heaton_hall_ha-ha_%28filtered%29.jpg ) . 
  salted butter is the most popular in the uk . 
  just out of curiosity , why do you have a british flair if you are from arizona ? 
  i would have said wensleydale on fruitcake , but yeah this too . 
  i always thought it was odd as a female name . 
  is n't it greek for `` manly '' ? 
  i struggled in russia with that . 
  inside my home is probably more like a constant 15 \u00b0 c and i keep my warmish clothes on . 
  it felt odd to me that you would put all of your clothes on to go out into the killingcold and then come in to the baking heat and take nearly all of them off . 
  or not and be sweaty , which makes the cold that much more dangerous and everybody smell . 
  there are restrictions in the uk about child working hours . 
  during school term time children can only work a maximum of 12 hours a week . 
  this includes maximum of 2 hours on school days and sundays or a maximum of 5 hours on saturdays ( 13-14 year olds ) ( or 8 hours for 15-16 year olds ) . 
  during school holidays saturday rules apply , but a maximum of 25 hours for 13-14 year olds and 35 for 15-16 year olds , and only 2 hours on sundays . 
  children ca n't work before 7am or after 7pm , in a factory or other industrial setting , for more than four hours without taking a one hour break , in pubs or betting shops , anywhere where their health or education might suffer , or during school hours . 
  there must be a two week break from work , during the period of the school holidays . 
  so there are few employers who would be willing to take on anyone aged 13-16 . 
  delivering newspapers or working in a family run shop maybe . 
  remember our teenagers do n't have cars . 
  school hours are usually between 8am and 3pm , and most teenagers get at least two hours of homework a night . 
  add in extracurricular activities such as sports or music for an hour after school and before you know it it 's 6pm and that 's without factoring in time to get home and eat something .
