  it might take half an hour to walk home or get the bus , get changed out of your school uniform ( most in the uk have uniforms at least untill the age of 16 ) and then go back out to your job at the local cinema . 
  say half an hour on the bus to my nearest cinema , buses every half hour ... whoops , it 's after 7pm . 
  no job for me . 
  three hours of homework every night is not that unusual . 
  school is the child/teenager equivalent of work . 
  it 's what they have to do every day wether they like it or not . 
  eight in the morning until three in the afternoon , whatever after school activities ( say being in the school theatre or an extra school subject ) that takes up another hour , then go home at four and have something to eat , do three hours of home work ... it 's a full time job already . 
  brad means broad . 
  stan means stone . 
  ley/leh/leigh means clearing ash after the tree name bradley stanley ashley then there are names that were more common as surnames denoting employment that have recently been more in use as given names : mason taylor tyler cooper robin ( which seemed to start off as a diminutive of robert and then became associated more with the bird of the same name and came into more use as a feminine name ) . 
  in polish they have the name hyacinth for a man . 
  jacek ( i do n't know how to do the accent ) . 
  perhaps as a surname , but it is n't a common given name at all . 
  originally it was a dish that was cooked underneath a joint of roasting meat , and would catch the drips . 
  it would then be eaten before the main meal in the hope that you would fill up on yorkshire pudding , eat your festive sunday roast and then the leftover roast meat and vegetables would be made into bubble and squeak ( mashed leftovers fried until they bubble and make squeaking noises in the pan ) or sandwiches the following day . 
  looks a bit like a yorkshire pudding but with bacon . 
  would i be right in thinking this is made from a batter of almost equal parts egg and flour and slightly more than that of milk ? 
  you get the pan really hot and it puffs up in the oven . 
  in the uk we would call it a yorkshire pudding if it was just on it 's own or a toad in the hole if it is poured over sausages ( sometimes with roast vegetables too , onions , carrots and parsnips , though i have seen it with vine tomatoes and rosemary ) . 
  tea , cabbage , bacon , porridge oats , milk , eggs , potatoes , cheese , onions , baked beans , bread , butter , jam , apples and flour are the absolute basics as far as i am concerned . 
  beans on toast , eggy bread , french toast , jam on bread , bread and butter , toast and jam , toast and egg soldiers , cheese on toast , cheese and onion on toast . 
  pancakes with jam or stewed apple . 
  flapjacks . 
  porridge with stewed apple or jam or bits of fresh apple cut into it . 
  bread and butter puddings . 
  cabbage with bacon and potatoes is a complete meal and you can actually live of that . 
  cheesy baked potatoes , baked potatoes with baked beans . 
  potatoes fried in butter with scrambled eggs and bacon . 
  mashed potato with the cream off the milk and a little butter and black pepper . 
  hash browns . 
  bacony hash browns . 
  bacon sandwiches with fried onions . 
  yorkshire puddings . 
  i was allowed a half of bitter shandy when i was about 11 . 
  a small glass of watered wine when i was 13 . 
  a can of beer at a barbequeue when i was 14 . 
  by the time i was 15 or 16 i was expected to be looking after myself drinks wise , getting drinks for myself and my parents/family and not getting drunk . 
  i got quite drunk when i was 17 on grolsch and cheap whisky on a beach in scotland . 
  dad laughed at my hangover . 
  on my 18th birthday my parents got me thoroughly drunk , but it was my younger brother who was vomiting down the side of the sofa ( aged 16 and nearly half ) . 
  when i was in my early 20s there was a time i was drinking cocktails three nights a week and would easily drink four or five long island iced teas one after the other . 
  i do n't do that any more , it takes me a week to drink a bottle of wine these days , one small glass ( with dinner ) at a time . 
  london is the drier , warmer part of the uk . 
  for me the dark skies and rain were a relief , for i am red-haired and very pale and was slathered in factor 50 sunblock for the whole time . 
  i found that everyone was very helpful and kind . 
  i enjoyed the food and the wine . 
  the landscape , art , architecture and music were wonderful . 
  i went riding with a guide on small white horses on cliff tops a little way south of dubrovnik . 
  i very much like the idea of red shoes on a sunday and the idea of having a drink before going to church and singing , dancing after church and afternoon naps . 
  very civilised . 
  i went with my mum , who is very catholic . 
  she enjoyed the mass , and was deeply annoyed almost to the point of a violent outburst at some american tourists who were pointing and shouting during the service . 
  my mum flirts with waiters and orders more drink than she can manage , leaving me to finish them because she does n't like waste ( or liqours or spirits , but she must try all the local drink or it is n't a holiday ) . 
  i quietly floated back to our hotel room every night on a very comfortable alcoholic cloud . 
  i like croatia . 
   but not in summer , probably . 
  biggest tits in europe though . 
  i was there about ten years ago at the beginning of april . 
  it was hot for me ( 25 to 30 ) . 
  one day it rained , everyone apologised . 
  i was confused . 
  rain is normal . 
  it was too warm to care if it was raining , were it not raining i would be sweating that much anyway . 
  it really showed up some cultural differences . 
  thank heavens for air conditioning and sea breezes . 
  beautiful country though . 
  that would kill me . 
  where are you from ? 
  i live in a first floor flat in a 150 year old converted terraced house , so have neighbours on four out of six sides . 
  they pay for their heating , we do n't have to , it 's wonderful . 
   our annual heating bills are # 250 ( gas central heating and hot water ) . 
  i do n't know what our room temperature is , but i can usually go about with bare feet without dying and if it gets a bit cold , i wrap myself in a duvet . 
  we probably aim for about 16-18c . 
  we usually turn the heating off at night . 
  in winter , outside temperatures usually hover around 5 degrees , summer can get up to the baking heat of 25 . 
  when it is hot like that , i open all the windows and close the blinds and it is tolerable , but if i am warmer than about 22 for a few days i start to get cranky . 
  i recently went on holiday to spain and found the hotel rooms were all set to 22 , which was way too warm for me . 
  fortunately , it being spring in the mountains , it was more like ten degrees outside , so i could just turn the heating off and open a window to get to a comfortable sleeping temperature . 
  i was on holiday in a very not touristy part of spain earlier this month and asked for red wine and the guy brought me a whole bottle and i was a bit surprised . 
  i thought he was trying to say something about our purported drinking habits . 
  i 'm five foot four and eight stone ( 163cm 50kg ) and it was lunchtime . 
  turned out they just brought you a bottle of wine and did n't charge for it , because it would n't be proper lunch without wine . 
  there was no expectation i would down the lot straight from the bottle and run off giggling to fall asleep in the afternoon sun and give myself severe burns i suppose . 
  they did charge for the water though . 
  broadens the mind , that travel . 
  tea . 
  i 'm british . 
  my family are irish . 
  two of the most tea-soaked nations on the planet . 
  at home i drink upwards of six cups of tea a day . 
  i take teabags on holiday with me . 
  i know people who take kettles with them too . 
  i can cope in russia . 
  i was doing a work/study thing for three months and everyone had tea at every opportunity . 
  love me some russian caravan . 
  in iceland i was working on a farm/guesthouse . 
  i had access to a kettle nearly the whole time , it was fine . 
  mum kept posting teabags , dad sent me booze . 
  recently i went on a touring holiday in spain . 
  i was surprised how much i struggled with that .
