  i 'm not as fussy as many with regards tea . 
  i like different blends and types . 
  black tea , white tea , green tea , flavoured teas , tea served cold or hot or as ice cream . 
  tea just is n't as much of a thing there and i had caffiene withdrawal headaches and i missed tea a lot . 
  when i came home and was doing laundry i found that i had stashed teabags in all of my pockets , on the off-chance of being somewhere with a kettle . 
  i learned the phrase `` agua caliente , por favour . '', 
  and got funny looks in bars . 
  service my addiction please , for i am a walking stereotype . 
  england is single and well off ( for the moment ) but is actually rather insecure and has the annoying habit of coming to visit at short notice , drinking a bit too much , and wanting to party when you have work in the morning . 
  does n't receive house guests as well , even when they do the shopping and the dishes after dinner . 
  fun to be out with , good company , generous , just a bit of a wanker at times . 
  underappreciative of friends and neighbours . 
  there were four different sweep stakes at my office today . 
  yeah , i read that and thought that the standardisation of english probably had more to do with wealth , education and dictionaries , so oxford and cambridge more than london perhaps . 
  though fashion follows wealth and influence , which in england is more closely associated with the south east . 
  maybe the home counties more than london ? 
  the only word i could think of containing the word was a compound , `` bishopric '' . 
  the english language is wonderful at picking stuff up . 
  and dropping words too , but that does n't mean to say that they are no longer english . 
  they might not be in common usage but they are still english . 
  professor tolkein famously used old and out of use words , to beautiful effect . 
  rich has another meaning , which is cognate of reich and rige . 
  it is n't in use any more , but it is still technically english , with the meaning of realm . 
  i may be wrong , but i think that was a joke . 
  i rather liked the mental image . 
  28 days later springs to mind , if zombie apolcalypse counts . 
  set in london . 
  i was thinking mo farah . 
  probably queen elizabeth ii . 
  her predecesors are remembered going back over a thousand years , so why not ? 
  just to clarify part of your comment for those who might not know : the home nations are england , scotland , wales and ireland ( some would only say northern ireland , some would say the republic of ireland as well ) . 
  those bits closest to us that feel like family . 
  we squabble and bitch but love one another really . 
  one day i will be a grumpy old woman telling everyone how they should behave . 
  i am already a grumpy young woman telling everyone on the internet how they should behave , though i generally try to be nicer about it . 
  it sounded like you were making comments about my family and that elicits a more emotional response . 
  thank you . 
  your reading comprehension is faulty . 
  i was n't trying to be nice . 
  i was trying to show you how you could better represent yourself in well-mannered society . 
  if you choose to take that as an attack , that is on your head . 
  if you choose to take it as friendly , then please feel free . 
  edit : this was mean , and i 'm sorry . 
  my stepsons are very polite and well mannered . 
  i do n't see this as an unusual thing . 
  many people lack the awareness to suit their volume to the situation , especially when there are cultural differences that they have not encountered before , and especially children . 
  my stepsons suited their situation naturally and reasonably quickly . 
  it might be said that it is plain rude to make assumptions about people 's families , how others value good manners and instill them in their children . 
  making sweeping generalisations about the young is rude too . 
  please take on board my advice . 
  i 'm not in a parental relationship with you but you seem welcoming of intervention . 
  i hope it does n't kill your spirit . 
  i 'm sure it wo n't . 
  i never have been . 
  my primary school teacher thought i might be autistic because i was so upset by noise . 
  i just lived in a very quiet place ( right on the edge of a village , with a dad who worked nights and a mum who liked quiet ) where noise was well-regulated . 
  is she a bit deaf ? 
  my stepsons were raised in spain . 
  when they moved to the uk i felt very embarressed because i 've been brought up to be quiet , and when we went out and the boys were very loud i would feel like people were judging me as a parent ( they are my husband 's sons ) and i did not at the time have authority to say anything and felt like i was being mean and judgemental . 
  they got quieter after a year or two , but it is noticable when they have been back to spain or around their spanish friends they get much louder . 
  i find it difficult to be around . 
  mostly water or tea . 
  occasional beer or small glass of wine . 
  [ rhubarb crumble and custard ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03422/crummain_3422700b.jpg ) for the pud . 
  for the main , [ toad in the hole ] ( https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/sites/default/files/styles/carousel_medium/public/recipe_images/recipe-image-legacy-id--804456_11.jpg?itok=myorq0hh ) with onion gravy , peas , carrots and a roast potato or three . 
  toad in the hole is sausage in a yorkshire pudding batter . 
  a couple of hours about periods and stuff ( just for girls ) when we were nine or ten . 
  i am told the boys got to talk about masturbation and wet dreams and stuff . 
  we all got told to keep ourselves clean , how to take care of periods and how not to get toxic shock syndrome . 
  then when we were twelve or thirteen as part of biology lessons in a mixed group there were a few hours when we got shown diagrams of bits and how they fit together , shown some slides of untreated stis and told not to have sex . 
  it was then that they told the girls about the boy bits and the boys about the girl bits . 
  things like periods just being blood and not dirty and erections not really meaning anything and being perhaps entirely unrelated to whatever was going on . 
  then at fourteen or fifteen we were split into boys and girls again and a nurse came in and had us put condoms on bananas and cucumbers and talk to us about how important it was to get your condom on your banana or cucumber , not to re-use them , not to put two on , and that you could get pregnant at any time of the month , even if you had n't had sex before or if you did it standing up or if you kept your clothes on and all sorts of other odd things got debunked . 
  there was some talk about anal and about oral sex and that trust , respect and self-care were the most important thing and that sex was not bad in itself but we should protect ourselves physically and emotionally as best we could . 
  leodensian/loiner , yorkshirewoman , englishwoman , european . 
  st patrick would probably have spoken a variety of old welsh , and was probably roman-british , given his name has latin roots . 
  wales in welsh is cymry and cumbria and cumberland are from the same root . 
  it means `` citizen or fellow-countrymen '' and is from the roman-british idea that they were citizens of the roman empire . 
  as opposed to `` welsh '' which means `` foreign '' in a few germanic languages ( including saxon ) . 
  that is why you get peoples called welsh , wallachian ( from wallachia in romania ) and i think walloon ? 
  i would have thought black country . 
  overheard in a pub in castleford : `` we 're over-run , full of migrants . 
  thirty-eight thousand polish immigrants in cas ! '', 
  look around the pub , maybe fifty people , not one of them polish . 
  population of castleford : 38,000 . 
  it 's that sort of ignorance and illiteracy that is being fueled by tabloids , who outright lie , but in simple language that could be understood by a six year old child , or an elderly miner who already hates the world and what it has done to him ( and as you say , margaret thatcher for closing down mines , steelworks and shipyards and bringing us into the eu . 
  i come from a mining village that was utterly devastated in the early 1980s . 
  most voted labour then , but an alarming amount vote tory or ukip now . 
  i 'm going off what my parents report of conversations in pubs rather than real knowledge . 
  as many others have said , there are not very many miners left now . 
  it seems to me that in this are labour often win but with a dwindling margin ( especially in local council elections and such ) . 
  i 'm aware of two , yorkshire and cornwall . 
  the yorkshire one is called `` on ilkley moor bah ' t ` at ( on ilkley moor without your hat ) and tells the tale of a young man going to visit his sweetheart , being so distractedly in love as to go up onto the cold and windy moorland without his hat . 
  his friends tell him he will catch his death of cold , die and be eaten by worms , then ducks will eat the worms and the friends will eat the ducks . 
  it 's a very cheery tune and captures the bleak humour of the area . 
  it has been around since about the 1880s and became popular with wandering church choirs who used to travel to compete with each other for the glory of god . 
  this was a secular one to amuse themseves along the way . 
  i would n't call those regional really , more national . 
  yorkshire has ilkley moor baht ` at , and cornwall has the song of the western men . 
  not sure if it is much of a thing in smaller counties .
