i 've heard americans argue that the melting-pot of the us means that your communities are more diverse . 
  please remember that we also have people who have migrated to europe and around europe from other parts of the world and from within europe . 
  i 'm from a mining village in yorkshire , in northern england . 
  if i want romanian food i can find romanian food . 
  if i need someone to translate some cantonese for me i know i could find someone very easily . 
  want some funky west african printed fabric ? 
  it 's available in the local market . 
  if i want to see morris dancing or see people breaking bones chasing cheeses down steep hills , i can go to find that . 
  if i want to hear brass bands or drum and bass , these things are all available to me locally . 
  we have the diversity of our regions and countries , dialects and languages and also those of people who have come here for work or education . 
  the west indian carnivals that have been celebrated since the 1960 's , the national dish being a form of curry . 
  and it 's wonderful . 
  the west coast of ireland and scotland . 
  i 'm from england . 
  the west coast of england is very muddy . 
  scotland and ireland have much more dramatic in their atlantic northern-ness . 
  big waves , cliffs , islands . 
  the wild weather , white sand , green nearly everything else . 
  it 's much more romantic than blackpool . 
  do you like drinking wine while sitting on the deck ? 
  i 'm not a fan of american accents generally , i find that they are quite often nasal . 
  then there is that sing-song aqi sort of valley girl accent that is somehow spreading . 
  that is n't nice to listen to imo . 
  i could listen to morgan freeman for days though . 
  i do n't know enough about us dialects to say which is my favourite or least favourite , but generally i prefer more rural british ( though not so much southern ) and irish accents . 
  i would prefer pembroke 's accent to cardiff for example , or the wirral over liverpool or oban over glasgow . 
  and when you get home , a handful of hot gravel for your dinner and be grateful your father beat you ... with a shovel . 
  25 hours of work per day , six days a week dow n't mine and be glad you ` ad a job an ' a lovin ' ` ome . 
  / r/scottishpeopletwitter, 
  both ways . 
  will you share them with us ? 
  from what you said in the header , `` weird , hard to pinpoint accents '' could still be a native speaker . 
  just any accent you 'd never heard or a combination of accents you could n't place . 
  everyone has their own ideolect anyway . 
  say someone from the scottish/english border region or someone who followed their parents in the millitary all round europe or moved around as an adult and picked up lots of unusual sounds . 
  i know someone who was born in newcastle , moved to manchester , then nottingham , brighton , bristol , london , york , aberdeen ... and picked up a little from each . 
  i once met a german woman who had married a glaswegian and spoke english with a glaswegian accent . 
  she probably was close enough to speaking scots ( which is arguably a different language altogether ) but spoke english like a native speaker . 
  french between the ages of 11-14 . 
  german between the ages of 12-16 . 
  i did n't like either , and learned more russian in 3 months when i lived there when i was 20 than i ever did german in four years at school . 
  i would have loved to spend more time there , i only got to see the outside for about ten minutes . 
  paris , but i think it was because of the company i was in . 
  i went with school . 
  my classmates abandoned me in monmatre , which was a bit frightening as a 15 year old because it was very crowded and there were creepy guys taking photos of any young girl , and someone groped me in a crowd . 
  then the next day it rained very heavily and the leaders of our group thought this would be a good opportunity to go on a seine cruise . 
  you could n't see either bank , the rain was so heavy . 
  then when we were all soaking wet to the skin , rather than visit a museum or gallery , it was decided we should go to disneyland . 
  many of the rides were closed and we were there until closing . 
  it was boring and wet and the food was not good.parc asterix ( hell , everything about parc asterix ) was better . 
  if we were going to do a theme park , it should have been there , where we would have had a better chance of practicing speaking french . 
  [ two fine glaswegian men in string vests ] ( https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/wpid-article-1317835451258-0e3eacf200000578-418869_636x325.jpg ) . 
  i know a lot of people who did n't go to the dentist in their 20 's . 
  no problems , and lots of moving around make it less of a priority . 
  if you want to read the norse sagas , icelandic might be more useful as it is more linguistically conservative than the scandinavian languages , and to icelanders , reading the sagas ( written 13th to 14th centuries ) is about the same difficulty level as reading shakespere or defoe is to native english speakers . 
  old english of the same period is more or less a different language , as the grammar has changed quite a bit . 
  i once saw an oompah band called the brothers von grabaknacker ( knackers means testicles in colloquial english ) . 
  they were meant to be german , and were wearing very tight leiderhosen . 
  thank you doggobot . 
  old jammy bastard ? 
  jammy old bastard ? 
   stephen maturin old ? 
  i live with my so in a one bedroom flat in a brick terraced house . 
  we live on the first floor ( up one flight of stairs from ground level , nice big windows , lots of daylight , no insulation , no foundations but we do n't pay much for heating because our neighbours feel the cold and their heating pays for us to keep warm . 
  you can hear everything that goes on in the neighbour 's flats though , and when the next door neighbour was growing cannabis the smell came through the wall really strongly ) . 
  the house was built in 1880 or thereabouts and was probably meant to be a one family home , but families were bigger then . 
  three other people live in the house , in their own flats . 
  we have a small garden where we grow flowers and herbs and a large allotment a five minute walk away , where we grow fruit and vegetables , and flowers because we should keep the bees happy where we can . 
  commute to work is about 40 minutes by bus , about 6km for me , about an hour for my so , who works in a neighbouring city and gets the train . 
  wedding cake . 
  fruit cake is traditional but anything goes really , any large cake . 
  i saw one woman on the us version of snog , marry , avoid ( they call it love , lust or run and it 's a lot less mean and more effective ) and she would wear several at once . 
  i understand she is a statistical outlier , but i did n't think they even got made any more . 
  americans dressed for sports while doing touristy things . 
  they look comfortable but out of place because in the uk we tend to only wear white trainers and socks if we are going to play badminton or something . 
  fanny packs are things you should avoid in the uk . 
  all reference to them . 
  that means something else here . 
  there are a lot of people who do wear sports clothes all the time , but they are our version of rednecks and tend not to be interested in touristy things . 
  remember there are about 60 million of us brits , and is it about 300 million in the us ? 
  proportionally there are more south asians . 
  we have lot of indian , pakistani and bangladeshi people especially in more industrialised areas . 
  i 'd go for sloe gin or a peaty whisky , but i can see why you say this . 
  8.30-17 .00 / 18.00 an hour for lunch - office work . 
  7.30-21 .00 for most call centre work . 
  retail 6.00-23 .00 but that would be covered by different shifts and people working part time . 
  clothing shops more likely 9.00-18 / 19.00 , supermarkets and convenience shops earlier and later . 
  i work in an office , so i arrive at about 8.10 and get a bit of breakfast and a cup of tea , and have a break about 10.00 for more tea and then lunch at midday . 
  on a thirsty day or if the air conditioning is on too high i might have six or seven cups of tea during my working day . 
  nothing aside from the holocaust , which was covered in history when i was 14 . 
  what happened to the jews , nothing really on who they were or what they did that made them different from anyone else . 
  there are not that many jews in the uk , they seem to concentrate in small areas . 
  north london , manchester , north leeds . 
  when i was 11 i did a school project on castles , and my parents took me to clifford 's tower in york . 
  in 1190 one hundred and fifty jewish men , women , and children were taken into protective custody , as there had been anti-jewish riots ( jews were the most active local money lenders , and some poeple will do anything to get out of debts ) . 
  the officials who controlled the tower found that the prisoners did n't trust them , and had locked them out , so they called in soldiers to retake the wooden castle . 
  the soldiers were supported by the mob . 
  the rabbi saw that there was no safe way out , and so they decided killing themselves was the better way out . 
  murder/suicide , and set the tower on fire . 
  a few escaped under amnesty but the crowd murdered them .
