  snow from the north , sand from dorne and baratheon from casterly rock . 
  it is known . 
  is there a yasuuuu version from froggen ? 
  you could say , almost like flies . 
  well , it ai n't easy to hide hodor 's . 
  all of them at once . 
  chaos is a ladder . 
  you want this , huh ? 
  over my dead body !, 
  am i seeing it correcly ? 
  these fucking dogs really tried to rape a tiger ? 
  i think that 's called conscience . 
  first i was like , fuck i 'm a badass , i 've picked up a dozen of these . 
  and then , nope . 
  i have n't seen anybody to ride like this crazy outside our capital , do n't know what the fuck is wrong with budapest . 
  to be honest nien was nowhere this cocky and bad . 
  today against sk he just stayed on top and tried to show how good he is , not even 3 player can catch him ( at the time his team has already fallen back from the turrets , they were recalling , there was no point of stopping sk from pushing ) . 
  that 's the same shit he did at all-star , throwing a grin to the camera when he dodged a spear from faker in a game that was already lost . 
  he just tried to troll them instead of trying to learn something new . 
  he 's just an arrogant prick ( even with the fans ) . 
  his team is n't forcing anything he do n't wan na do , today he just fucked up . 
  hard . 
  damn i thought your dad is pretty fit for a 70 yeard old . 
  and then i realized you 're in the orange t-shirt . 
  i have no idea why did i watch this , but i need that shirt . 
  why the hell do you think i 'm building full ms janna ? 
  lifting folks with his sword and stacking their bodies up . 
  you know , mountain things . 
  i know that i 'm retarded but the for me the most irritating thing in that video is the language . 
  like what language are they speaking ? 
  half english-half spanish ? 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4akmaez0-k&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=31 it 's either not english or just some horribly bad accent . 
  [ meanwhile at apple ] ( http://replygif.net/i/718.gif ), 
  i can just hope it will be the big fuckin ' fire . 
  first losing my cock , now losing my whole life . 
  oh , thanks again reddit . 
  even yesterday his tf was amazing , but today ... i like that guy, 
  then [ this ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn2/t31.0-8/10257498_886470748045936_8501493710894972310_o.jpg ) guy must be really really happy . 
  russian and furious, 
  came here for topless ashe , going away with no regrets . 
  `` what am i doing with my life ? '', 
  it 's like 301 + viewers . 
  kiwikid this game : [ did shiphtur carry on his first game ? 
  one word : hope . 
  i was expecting something much worse . 
  possibly edmure is still fucking his wife . 
  hot guys in your area looking just for you, 
  step 1 : server stability . 
  singed , crank , braum , darius as enemies and lee as a teammate ... this week will be a pain in the arse, 
  holy shit the katarina is so hella cute, 
  these are not the changes he deserve , but he changes he needs right now . 
  you have cds in both forms , so you have 2 cooldowns for each spell to display which could easily confuse people . 
  sounds like just my kind of thing, 
  so col wont have a jungler this week ? 
  sign korean top laner to give fans false hope, 
  it happened to me recently while flash player was running via streams or youtube vids . 
  try to shut it down in the task manager and see if it get any better . 
  actually i somehow got up to 100 fps with the last patch from around 60 , but this could be because i cleared up my comp a bit . . 
  shaq as mount doom ? 
  and by worldwide they mean everything else but your area . 
  you should n't even hope !, 
  look at all the fucks i do n't give about the rest of the kingdom . 
  look at them !, 
  guess our new words are `` unbowed , unbent '' . 
  he was wearing it in the books . 
  did not help that much tho . 
  it was a pretty amazing acting from pedro pascal 's side , great movements and speech . 
  i keep rewatching it and shutting it down when the moutain grabs him . 
  i started with her , got my first penta with her , she carried me out of the elo hell . 
  sadly i do n't play mid anymore and i do n't really like her so much after the rework . 
  yes , i keep telling that to myself . 
  we do love him , we just do n't know it yet . 
  sansa what are you doing here ? 
  sneaky sneaky, 
  well , the third reich was n't built up from nothing . 
  heads up guys , at least it 's not ie !, 
  sona is faker 's waifu , you heard it here first !, 
  first victorious skin was janna with j , then elise with e and now you say wukong or warwick with ... wait ... illuminati !, 
  what you made an eye contact with your mother ? 
  that would be worse . 
  man , are you paid for this ? 
  they 're mindgaming themselves . 
  i would totally fuck your grandma . ^ sorry, 
  4chan gave people cancer countless times and the world still do n't give a shit . 
  pure . 
  gold . 
  you need a korean id to make an account there . 
  oh , and doa is a fuckface . 
  ok , now go and slowly fuck yourself, 
  because you do n't need pants to play, 
  wow , he 's the handsome guy on the left ? 
  [ meanwhile on the meeting of quinn mains ] ( http://geeknewscentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/bigstock-empty-new-room-3526127.jpg ), 
  that morgana icon ... hhhhhhgg, 
   cyanide played kinda bad this universe . 
  ftfy, 
  / r/getfatinated, 
  hope kari starts a new career as pornographic actress . 
  do n't worry guys , it wo n't last for too long . 
  she was a midlaner ( like annie ) , who became a support ( like annie ) , and was n't nerfed to the ground as a support ( unlike annie ) , so she was used as a support later as well ( unlike annie ) . 
  of course i do n't mean that there were any similar champions and riot simply refused to give them the same treatment , but ... ah yes .
