remind me of ` young ' tywin, 
  keep watching ? 
  it 's just getting better and better , why should i quit ? 
  am i the only book reader whom this '  ' tells much more than it should be ? 
  eventually i 'm starting to like david bradley . 
  i hated his caracters and acting in doctor who and harry potter but not here . 
  this is n't even my real name !, 
  saint as a manager . 
  god please , just dont let this happen !, 
  tbh i think m5 with cop instead of genja would be amazing . 
  which is the real jennifer lawrence ? 
  total hatred from here , must go with sotag, 
  attention whoring 101 . 
  no , this would wreck junglers . 
  you would have exhaust cv and flash on bot accompanied with wards . 
  sorry but i have to say , fuck you sir . 
  if you are n't flaming , feeding or afking on purpose you can ask the members of the enemy team to report you and write down in the ` message section ' ( dunno wat name ) that you have n't done anythingt hat deserves a ban or a report . 
  imo your relationship with the enemy team is key when you have a team that is against you . 
  like if you go with a premade of four and you 're the support and their top laner is crying for wards on top in the 4th minute , prolly all 4 of them will report you no matter what . 
  in this case only the other team can defend you . 
  basically this . 
  last night i played with a premade of four and i wanted to pick jungle , they told me to pick a top laner . 
  we went 5 top , no jungler , no mid laner , no adc or support . 
  i do n't think they did it because they wanted to win , but screw this winning shit i had a lot of fun . 
  i enjoyed that loss more with 4 complete idiot strangers than a win with 4 very good players , because i laughed like a child all game , they were fucking funny even they do n't wanted to win . 
  look . 
  if i get just a slight of a help when i 'm counterjungled i wo n't tax . 
  if i do n't get any ... well boy , i will make myself come back into the game . 
  usually this wo n't happen because i hate when ppl are raging , i only go to lanes if they are recalling and i do n't push them , i 'm just last hitting till they come back . 
  ( almost 80 % of the cases this pisses off teammates and they start pinging like mad . 
  at this point i 'm starting to think about why the hell am i donating the buffs to them ), 
  the wizard is just awesome and beutiful, 
  the last line . 
  dying, 
  do n't worry `` god works in mysterious ways '', 
  i have a lot of pictures of snoopy in my room , is he alive ? 
  damn man , that `` their '' tricked me so hard, 
  well , i like the sotries where the conclusion is given and you have to figure out how do we get there . 
  ( that 's one of the many reasons why the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy is my favourite book . ), 
  in some way doctor who does satisfy me . 
  not entirely because just a little rephrased slice is given , but it 's enough to give the feeling at the end . 
  it was crap even when i started , but ffs ... it 's free, 
  singed, 
  lee sin, 
  confirmed , fox mulder is real !, 
  well , pretty much everything is fake on 4chan lately . 
  it was nsfw , i 'm at home, 
  fukin felt it before i opened the comments, 
  where did the name ` voyager ' come from ? 
  does it have some kind of story behind the name or is it just totally random ? 
  wow the top post on that subreddit is 1 moth old and also covered in this post . 
  op , are you a time traveller ? 
  thumbs up boy !, 
  enough internet for today , i guess, 
  [ touhou - bad apple ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukgk8eudpao ), 
  marketing methods ... everywhere, 
  choo chho drama train coming in hard, 
  surely not a girl, 
  usually i do n't get excited when a new champion comes out , the last one which i bought within 6 months after their her release was shyvana or riven ( this one was within 1 week as i remember ) i believe . 
  but i already love this one , 11/10 from me , gg riot . 
  not anymore, 
  wait , these are n't planes ? 
  hello tom , if you could your favourite name a characer from all of the movies ever made who will be the one ? 
  guys , there are all white kids ... 
  and i thought only it 's only possible in the movies . 
  is it really funnier if they 're posting it ? 
  or what ? 
  i seriously thought that that 's at least a playboy, 
  i play on eune, 
  i am , but this is beautiful !, 
  you know , there 's that ` never growing up ' thing . 
  saint picks smite . 
  is this a gif ? 
  plot twist : they just switch up elise 's human and spider form . 
  something like this . 
  [ spider form ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_16a_bwvszz4/s3tebcusz6i/aaaaaaaaan0/xoqfhxgnvta/s400/2.jpg ) , and [ human ] ( http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/12/121062/3052094-9639906776-12686.jpg ) . 
  you know the drill , tits or gtfo . 
  5 games wont make a difference, 
  thank you , i recognized the quote but did n't knew where from . 
  happy cakeday !, 
  i get that . 
  on my main accout as a gold v i get diamonds in my normals , but when a premade of 4 ( and 3 of them are lvl 30 ) is against me when i have only 1 lvl 30 in my team it 's ... it 's quite difficult to win . 
  s4 new feature , lee sin pov, 
  with my q , super effective, 
  boom , right in the childhood !, 
  if your connection is having that meh time , and you have a latency above 150 . 
  do_not_play . 
  it will disconnect only if you are winning . 
  4chan raids are really getting our of control . 
  faker , move over !, 
  inb4 i retire, 
  `` edit : frontpage , huh ? 
  obligatory hi mom ! '', 
  thought mods called against this shit . 
  at least kata would stay the same . 
  shit, 
  she 's got 70 ad ( defaultly ) and her passive deals 70 dmg at lvl 6 , so even if nida would 've had 0 resistance and armor she would 've still survive with ~ 47 healt . 
  dunno who started the `` league best community ever '' thing , but i think it always was and will be amongts the worst of all . 
  something like the community in and between the `` top '' private server guilds where they think that there is a point of beeing elitist and flaming people who just want to have fun . 
  when a community is full of tryhards who ca n't lose or just ca n't accept that sometimes everybody makes mistakes and not everyone is playing for winning , well . . that community will be like shit .
