  it 's like he 's talking to you :(, 
  has he ever tried to speak to cars when he got drunk ? 
  it 's the dandy rengar skin, 
  ` you will make a very good husband one day . ', 
  oh c'mon i just wanted to enjoy my life as a teenager . 
  been saving for a good telescope , but i never really got close enough . 
  thought about a new pc , but i 'm starting to get bored by games , so i think if the telescope mission fails i 'll just gather some money and spend it on my bicycle . 
  wow burning crusade soundtrack ( especially from sunwell plateau ) , because it 's bringing back a lot of good memories . 
  if not for the memories i would probably say bioshock infinite or ac4 black flag . 
  bioshock because the art in the whole game is really good in every aspect and ac4 , beacuse it adds a lot to the ` piratey ' feeling . 
  my loyalty to others as a man . 
  i do n't know why , but it feels good to know that when someone is in trouble they can count on me . 
  22 straight male here , she 's really good but i would never let my friends know this . 
  here we go . 
  i know i 'm a dickhead but to be honest i kinda like myself this way . 
  get in good shape . 
  i 've been a skinny guy all my life and despite the fact that everybody is saying that i should eat more i do n't really feel like i have to . 
  like i 'm feeling good this way , the only thing that bothers me is that i look pretty shit on pictures . 
  snatch , and anything from monty python . 
  it 's always as good as it was the first time i 've watched it . 
  beethoven 's moonlight sonata . 
  it 's pure perfection . 
  yeah , mine are mostly males and listen to metal/rock , so you can imagine what would be their response . 
  they 're already criticizing me for listening to electronic music . 
  fuck i 'm doing this pretty frequently . 
  noone told me it was n't ok . 
  i just love the weather before a huge storm in the summer . 
  the feeling of the cold and strong wind blowing , the view of the dark clouds closing in . 
  i swear to god it 's almost orgasmic for me . 
  sounds intresting , do you still have a link ? 
  happened to be somewhere else and i missed it . 
  my bicycle . 
  it 's a cheap little bike for $ 185 but it got me to move regularly , i love it . 
  is your name morsov by any chance ? 
  lightbulb by edison and tesla . 
  the results were prety close to eachother . 
  fighter pilot , mechanical engineer now, 
  apocalypse now . 
  well that 's a phrase for meme i have n't heard yet, 
  watch the traffic ahead of you , not the car in front of you . 
  drive based on what is to be expected to happen . 
  this means that i 'm at age 7 with the knowledge of a 22 year old single engineering student ? 
  not a fucking thing . 
  if you write it on the back it means you eat cheese ? 
  at that cost i do n't really want to be immortal, 
  heavy tools . 
  their stuff is comfy , good looking with good quality and not overpriced . 
  as long as sporty clothes go , i really like them . 
  going in groups . 
  for the love of god , get map or a tourist book and explore the fucking place by yourself . 
  it 's much more intresting . 
  youtube , google , index.hu ( local news portal ), 
  the blackburn rovers . 
   step 1 ) have a girlfriend, 
  you mean that 's not gaston himself ? 
  c'mon we all do this . 
  it 's still beter than me singing taylor swift . 
  so is the ball from the last penalty, 
  this fucking thing . 
  it even got chili on the verge of the glass . 
  i drank it with three of my friends , two of them went vomiting right away . 
  are we / r/nottheonion now ? 
  so black robben ? 
  more like weeks in a positive way . 
  she did not have a door , it was faulty because of her father, 
  male and female genitails, 
  that 's an acceptable excuse i guess . 
  i watched that shit when i was 13 , because i thought it 's the kind of adult movie i was looking for at the time . 
  i 'm still afraid to ask my father why was that movie in his room . 
  it 's almost unbeliveable that 14 years after that gagarin went to space , and it only took an other 8 years for armstorng to land on the moon . 
  dunno , my cock is fine as flesh , do n't feel the need to coat it in gold . 
  if someone thinks i 'm a total fucking idiot and do n't understand that they are laughing at me just because i do n't respond . 
  physics , because i really want to know how does everything work , but have n't got the time or the brainpower to understand it . 
  what can you expect from the company that has an extinct species as a ceo ? 
  sleep . 
  oh fuck off , i 'm looking for some relief here . 
  that series was a fucking emotional rollercoaster with the ponds around, 
  saving storck 's ass instead of the ball i guess, 
  my bicycles . 
  bought three , all of them got stolen . 
  thank you , that video was awesome, 
  whoa whoa whoa . 
  ladies . 
  i 'm really depressed about the fact that someone can build a pool just for puppies while i ca n't even afford to have a fucking garden . 
  fake taxi was kinda cool, 
  no , it 's a holy day, 
  it 's the uk , not the usa ... 
  always rated him !, 
  skt overrated - reddit 2016, 
  maybe he just loves everybody , i mean i used to bite my girlfriend, 
  not on reddit tho / s, 
  just when i thought , ah juve is doing well , may as well tune in , fucking bayern shoots two in 4 minutes . 
  thanks german football . 
  yeah , i did something similar , i told her that i want her to tell his ex that she wo n't meet him ( basically to fuck off ) , and in the future it would be nice if she would n't do things like this behind my back . 
  she said ( and looked like ) that she is sorry and wo n't happen again . 
  i thought she deserves a second chance . 
  tho it will take time until i can trust her again . 
  thanks for your answer . 
  just say that now you get it and smile, 
  not enough pack slots in shop , the technology is n't there yet,
