  built-in skill-o-meter, 
  it 's just a prank bro, 
  i 'd say top kek , at least, 
  cheap chinese shoes ... if that was a korean shoe , it would 've killed the entire team afterwards, 
  this may be wrong but i think the cards are n't doing the same thing . 
  on blade of c'thun you have two senteces , on harrison you have one . 
  i think blade of c'thun has two , sperate battlecries and one is dependent on the other . 
  harrison has only one . 
  really good in woman handball , not in eu beacause of lots of oil ( means lots of money ) , beautiful shoreline with fjords , just as gorgeous girls , pretty neutral nation . 
  also capital is oslo . 
  : i 'm hungarian, 
  the power of the scout 's code . 
  wilshere , vardy cmon you lazy fuck , make some subs, 
  france ? 
  imo payet was way fucking more important yesterday then bale was today . 
  tbh ramsey was quite useful with that fake-cast . 
  even though i put up good money on england , i would lose it any day for these banters and memes . 
  hope croats win , got ta love em, 
  fuuuuck, 
  holy , ukraine is playing a really good football , loved the croats today , but this is even better, 
  i get that lahm left the team , but god they abbadoned the whole post ? 
  like the sides are wide fucking open . 
  oh boy , that had to hurt . 
  hey heads up buddy , you 're among the 2 teams that scored more than one thus far !, 
  he 's compesating the ammount of hair for the bald players, 
  belgian clown never fails to disappoint, 
  the grin on hart 's face lmao , you could bet he will fuck that up . 
  euro 2032 , still no vardy, 
  that kane-vardy sub was more like spurs-leicester, 
  there he is , buddy, 
  cold war is over komrade, 
  there is n't any, 
  england will knock out italy followed by a short `` chat shit , get banged '' interview from vardy as he ascends into heaven, 
  honestly , you expect anything else from a bunch of bandwagoners ? 
  i do n't . 
  where is bad clown from belgium ? 
  haha this was golden , watchig the lad suffer there alone, 
  getting chills from the fans on both sides , hell that must feel amazing, 
  this is what a football game should be like ... the atmosphere through the television was just astonishing . 
  can only imagine how could it felt like i the arena . 
  truly amazing , huge respect for icelanders . 
   have you seen the campaign ? 
  it was basically full of lies , damned lies and misleading or false statistics . 
  welcome to politics , bud . 
  where everyone wants to rule , but noone gives a shit about what is right . 
  his greatest move on the tourney so far , joker got ta be proud . 
  our boys did well and fought up until the end , i 'm so fucking happy and proud !, 
  ( and drunk ), 
  real sting was the lack of fiola in the team . 
  lang is a center back , and not nearly as good as fiola on the sides . 
  kleinheiser was just an other problem , but i think pinter played pretty fucking well tbh . 
  well the spurs system , worked pretty well against russia . 
  choke at the end . 
  i need a clock made from this on my wall, 
  honestly i love them , their lineup seems weaker and the tactical battle is enjoyable i think . 
  plus i love how passionate they are , especially conte lol, 
  gettin shameful at my flag there, 
  he 's smelling it all the time, 
  damn i just thought about gattuso , i miss him so much :(, 
  they 're so cute doing these things aww, 
  got ta be sick on the beach , telling chicks your german team scored 15 goals in one game the day italy played germany . 
  yesterday we were coming home from our vacation , and the highway was closed before the sveti rok tunnel in croatia due to strong winds coming over the mountains ( called bora ) , so everybody had to take the old way , but the traffic was quite heavy there , so we decided to choose some smaller roads to avoid the traffic . 
  that 's how we ended up here . 
  the location on google maps : https://www.google.com/maps/place/44%c2%b007'01.6%22n+15%c2%b049'04.5%22e/@44.1169908,15.6778332,11z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d44.1171111!4d15.8179167?hl=hu, 
  more photos : https://imgur.com/a/izkmj#qel4sms, 
  she still looks like a trans, 
  and he 's not even salty man , i hear babies love to sleep to his soothing voice !, 
  you gave memes a bad name . 
  hai is a priest and he just wolololo 'd away impact from the red side to the blue, 
  wenger is like , it fukin told him , big boy you better not even dream about becoming a striker, 
  the fucking ladbible , i thought it 's safe here, 
  `` but muh korea '' trashed the world for quite a few times now , every year they say the gap has closed and every years they just shitwreck the intire world , so a few years of experience in that league may mean something . 
  would you kindly fuck up the perfect pats season ? 
  you know , that there are a lot of people here , and the ones requesting a brawl are not the same that are hating it , right ? 
  also , if you like something it 's much more unlikely that you will leave a comment . 
  well meme 'd friend, 
  so it 's like my life , only ingame . 
  must be horrible . 
  it 's because her right leg is free now . 
  xtz earphone 12, 
  hungary reporting in !, 
  nice of you guys to do this !, 
   `` i 'll get back to you later '' and hung up, 
  now that sounds more belichick, 
  no friend , it 's a meme, 
  how more emberassing can this get, 
  [ am i doing it right ? 
  lol subreddit is yasuo . 
   i do n't need a team . 
  i need 10 good men . 
  good, 
  whoa baby, 
  cars usually use ignition, 
  i could not understand a fucking word of that, 
  i started redirecting my choice to life , or other games . 
  beeing pressured all the time while you are trying to enjoy your free time is not fucking fun . 
  actually , i kind of like this . 
  the fact that they will die one day makes me kinda sad , but i like that i can give back some of the care they gave to me , and i 'm glad that they 're are happy because they can see that i can take care of myself . 
  to be honest , they can make some breathtaking shots, 
  * upvotes hatefully *,
