  illuminati . 
  deep inside my heart i still hope that it 's a shyvana , but the i would have to throw away the qt3.14-purplehaired-ironscale-shyvana skin so whatever . 
  why have i read ` banging ' instead of ` banning ' . 
  guess it 's a bit late here in europe ... 
  few weeks ago everybody was praising gaming houses and it was said that gaming houses are the main reason behind the lol  dota 2 advertising thingy . 
  what is wrong with you guys ? 
  it 's better not be morgana related or you are fooked mate . 
   being realistic, 
   on the top, 
   not from korea, 
  nah man , that 's not going to happen, 
  surprise !, 
  it 's a nerf !, 
  the drama is real, 
  what the fuck did you just read ? 
  got deleted , am curious . 
  sign a top laner from korea . 
  holy shit the counter logic is real . 
   i have a bronze friend, 
  yeah , that 's the starting line of all league stories i heard . 
  tonight we hunt, 
  [ mine ] ( http://wpmedia.business.financialpost.com/2013/01/ekati_ho.jpg?w=620 ), 
  on today 's topic : will riot work on fixing interaction bugs when a pro team is losing a match because of a bug ? 
  currently i 'm talking about the lee kick after vayne 's e ( if correct what monte is saying , because we did not saw it ) , but yesterday we saw a trist jump while he was stunned by leona . 
  i 'm not a faker nor a shield fan , i 'm supporting ssw , but these bugs are just overly irritating in my opinion . 
  it was n't shown on the broadcast , only monte and doa talked about it after the game how got vayne in the middle of njws . 
  watch was flaking from behind with lee , but before he actually got to piglet he just used vayne 's e and kicked watch away . 
  and here comes the bug . 
  despite watch beeing kicked away from vayne he still got the ult out . 
  a lot of kicks , sorry if it 's confusing this is the best i can do . 
  yeah , correct . 
  that 's a bit shorter version :d, 
  it 's an amazing song so of course they did !, 
  ;d keep going on !, 
  god bless you sir . 
  easily the old splash art . 
  why did you change rito ? 
  nowadays i think notthingham . 
  i 'm just aiming the 10/minute and trying to do my best . 
  i think it 's easier . 
  there 's a chinese guy named four chang , you should ask him . 
  and there you go , riot answers to the call once again . 
  he may very well be . 
  or he is n't , but cnn always tells the truth , right ? 
  it 's not about defending him . 
  riot let the team qualify to worlds and then , dismantled the team before the competition even began . 
  then send an another god fucking team instead of them who would be able to do anything , because sk wo n't do shit without a coach . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck about sk or their coach , i just want to see 16 teams at worlds who give the most they can . 
  with a big part of your team gone you wo n't be able to perform as well as you would with him still helping you . 
  go soloq , pick teemo and apply moby zeal tax . 
  mantarayya or qtpie kiwi duo plx riot, 
  did op provide the link ? 
  are you checking yours yet ? 
  prepare for korean k-pop rampage !, 
  louie just answering in contrast of his career . 
  victory !, 
  so sweet !, 
  she 's speaking for 1 min in the 3 min long video . 
  so.fucking.woman . 
  i 'm not a big insec or lee fan , but imho insec ran ktb . 
  he just played exceptionally well in every situation . 
  satan himself . 
  kaboom vs. the world, 
  well , at least he did n't ult while he was backdooring the nexus . 
  feral flare nautilus ftw , anchorman back on track !, 
  relevant nick , let the shitstorm begin, 
  normal games , random mmr, 
  oh look at the time , it 's time for tiamat morgana to come out, 
  [ it 's time guys ] ( http://33.media.tumblr.com/0e28d5eb659570eda58bad17c4297434/tumblr_nb3eni2cjc1rwipxfo1_1280.png ), 
  i suppose it was better when the icons were on the middle of the text . 
  pls revert riot . 
  vlad confirmed monkey #illuminati, 
  may i ask why is that dude fucking a goat ? 
  i laughed so hard at the wedding photo . 
  that smile is soo perfect . 
  faster recall . 
  you know that we are all from challenger , do n't you ? 
  but muhhh viewers, 
  please no, 
  oh piss off, 
  so we get the champion after the event created just for him is done . 
  you are kidding , right ? 
  you look gorgeous . 
  maybe you should try a bit thinner eyebrows , but that 's all . 
  you have an incredible bf for a reason . 
  altrough the picture would be much better without filters , i totally love your hair on the first one . 
  your face is very cute as well , the only thing i would change on if i were you is the clothing . 
  man that 's the coolest looking scar you could possibly have . 
  i had a friend who always wanted one like yours . 
  the double laugh on the ult is just too good . 
  meanwhile i ca n't leave my bike for one night because it gets stolen . 
  based new world . 
  damn , you are so hella cute i could eat you in one piece right now !, 
  no it 's not gg , it 's bg, 
  c'mon it 's the internet , you do n't need one everything is obvious and you should trust anybody . 
  yep , have n't used a single one of 'em . 
  shyv : a fucking dragon . 
  the second one with the hoodie is the 10/10 for me . 
  all the pics other are really nice too , but not as good as that one . 
  would marry/10,
