  hi darwin , i 'm david attenborough have n't met you in a while !, 
  aaaaand i 'm fucked because i could n't figure it out in a second . 
  the never ending ( hope so ) cycle of birthdays . 
  what ? 
  onions ? 
  never heard of that word you wrote there, 
  i usually ban every new champ for like one week . 
  not because i 'm afraid of the enemy , but because i 'm afraid of my teammates playing them . 
  you 're with 4 premades and you do n't want to support ? 
  well , better luck next time pal . 
  you know you 're doing it already, 
  glorious !, 
  i was pretty confused when i 've seen the third girl getting out from the same car , and the third biker shutting the doors . 
  i guess it 's early . 
  karma , boy . 
  this may be a new thing to you , but telling yourself and telling others are different things and have different impact on your image . 
  and they still have beaten china 's dominating team, 
  he can do this with kha and lee too . 
  it was n't the rengar that mattered the most . 
  that 's \u0160ibenik right ? 
  just asking out of curiousness . 
  edit : ( ok , i 'm a retard it 's in the fucking title of the album , lol ), 
  loved the original picture , would call a 8.5 / 10 . 
  ssw vs. dp will be a lot of fun if dp do n't get salty . 
  he just should 've asked that if piglet is better , why did he cry ? 
  well you fucked meteos , that explains a lot of things, 
  should ' t we add him stacking ultimate ? 
  it would stack up 6 times , just as corki 's . 
  can be denied easily with jayce and ryze , but still strong if you let him go early . 
  vi makes me cry for hours and question my own existence . 
  that 's a shit skin , not fun even in the slightiest way . 
  damn i miss the old ezreal so much :(, 
  what kind of filthy casual do you take me for ? 
  i have no friends . 
  you know , there are half a million players on this subreddit . 
  others reply to other threads . 
  -- e  facts , grow up buddy, 
  but they are in group d , how could they f somebody in the a ? 
  [ morello right now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fy9xa0ywxg8 ), 
  nope , still ironscale , purple hair 2qt, 
  this would be the only time i would enable login screen music in the last 2 years . 
  nah dude , bitches are withstanding cold just like penguins and polar bears . 
  amazing !, 
  loved the original one , but this is even better . 
  protip : do n't bet on them , they wont, 
  is this ,, 
  the group of deft ? 
  2/3 , it 's about time to step up dude, 
  i did not read the post , i 'm just reacting to the situation . 
  removing wildcars would be just so silly . 
  worlds is the best place for a team from a weaker region to learn new things from the world 's best teams . 
  if they took the opportunity and learned they can use it in their home region and thus force the entire region to catch up to the others . 
  if a team can get into the s2 finals with a massive fuckhead such as woong ( same story ) , this should n't really be such a huge problem . 
  you do n't know shit about coding just wan na hop on the drama train ? 
  this is the right thread for you !, 
  most satisfying must be vel ` koz . 
  those move are so delicious , even tho i hate the champ . 
   look at the guerrilla warfare looooool, 
  hahaha i love koreans, 
  eww , and people are telling me that oceans are salty ? 
  they got noting on this guy . 
  ca n't see any ohmrekker 's tho ... 
  if save gets the mvp i 'm in . 
  can you even motorboat in between those ? 
  or it 's called cargoshipping in this case ? 
  dandy , always smiling and too cute to handle, 
  brute froce all the way , sounds russian enough, 
  save and maybe dandy, 
  those wannabe trolls are so annoying on youtube, 
  they said namei is god , they said uzi is bad !, 
  you have a very nice and happy face , but maybe a slight change in hairstyle would improve it even more . 
  clg 's counter logic strats infested korea . 
  marvelous , looks like gondolin but on the hills instead of between them . 
  it was just a bunch of mistakes by irelia and vi , they prolly main some other positions . 
  ( irelia is a jungle main , 4 of vi 's 5 most played champs are marksmans . ), 
  but it does show all the damage you have dealt to yourself, 
  you pick ryze 24/7 . 
  like , what the fuck dude . 
  happy cakeday btw . 
  nobody is hugging poor dade :(, 
  why is the audio so spooky ? 
  something is wrong with my pc ? 
  and then die right afterward . 
  golden . 
  my mom thinks cars have break pedals on the passanger side while i 'm driving . 
  how the fuck is that a vegan ? 
  yea , my brother is a hacker and he can make your pc crash from here, 
  10/10 singed seems legit, 
  you can modify the recommended items . 
  putting it there wont make players buy it . 
  when the enemy has the afk and you still lose . 
  * vayne saving ezreal . 
  you left out insec , he was really good ( and is from pretty much the start of his career ) until skt knocked them out in summer finals . 
  #re _ incarnati0n, 
  i hate league of legends , fuck this game, 
  blizzard teased an entire project , never said any real fact about it and deleted it few years later without letting anybody know what was that . 
  think of it this way . 
  honestly , i feel like i 've been playing on pbe lately . 
  `` not draven ... draaaaaaahri '', 
  he 's only dealing damage to his auto attack target , so it 's possibly a texture glitch .
