  still can be annoying tho . 
  actually in hungarian ` laszhi ' sounds almost exactly like ` laci ' which is a nickname for the name ` laszlo ' in our country . 
  it 's a brilliant pun . 
  wtf kennens ? 
  it 's a 150 ft ( ~ 0.5 $ ) / gb tax capped at 700 ft ( ~ 2 $ ) per subscriptions for citizens and at 15000 ft ( ~ 50 $ ) for companies ( i 'm not 100 % sure about the company part , it might be much higher ) . 
  they 're saying that the taxes will be charged to the providers and no the customers , but everyone knows that it 's just a cheap trick to make it acceptable . 
  the providers will increase the monthly charge if they have to pay more . 
  as someone said below , we are n't protesting because of the money . 
  the government is trying to tax things that became nearly essential for every day life like the internet , soap and cosmetics , stationeries and my personal favourite : synthetic flower . 
  everyone is using these things and they know that restaurants wo n't stop buying synthetic flowers because it 's a bit more expensive , or we wo n't stop using soap no matter how high it 's prize is . 
  the main reason why people had enough that the government is just collecting money from every source you can imagine , and you ca n't see a reasonable move from them trying to make things better . 
  an excellent example is that they 're building football stadiums for insane ammounts of money because it 's the most popular sport , while we are much better in almost every kind of sport than in football . 
  sorry about the long post , i just wanted to give some insingt about how an average stundent is thinking about the whole thing . 
  i think it 's ikely to represent that we chose the eu 's way of doing things over our government . 
  holy shit that sounds ridiculous . 
  itt : psychologists who ca n't understand what changing means . 
  people are talking about changing and you come up with an instance that has not a single thing to do with changing your mind as a teenager . 
  how does this make any sense ? 
  believe me when i say , nobody gives a single flying fuck about you . 
  maybe you are a better person than he was , but you ca n't add anything to help the eu scene catch up to china , korea and now even to na . 
  he could raise a competition beyond anyone you 've ever seen in the eu scene . 
  even froggen who also was n't so friendly earlier in his career . 
  ( not to mention diamondprox ... ), 
  i do n't get what makes you so butthurt about giving him an other chance . 
  you wo n't be touch with him , you wo n't play a single game with him ( yeah , we know you have countless accounts in challenger ) , i simply ca n't understand what the fuck is annoying you so much ? 
  are you afraid that he will hurt the souls of your precious streamers or what ? 
  as far as i can see you 're just an average sjw trying to brag about something that 's not affecting him in the slightest way . 
  of course challenger/master 1 . 
  how dare you ask this kind of question here ? 
  i only wrote that as an addition . 
  i think that sounds the most ridiculous . 
  aaaaand this is n't working in my coutry , yeah ... is there any kind of backdoor i could use without entering somebody elses phone number ? 
  nice try , that 's not even blitzcrank !, 
  a honest cunt . 
  man , you 're not the captain . 
  you 're the ship . 
  do n't you know that all hackers are criminals , and all criminals are murderers ? 
  riot trying to make skarner relevant once again, 
  just think about the poor cars :(, 
  what a fucking legend, 
  this dude trust more his glass than some fathers do their children . 
  that 's respectable . 
  pros telling you not to care because it 's just a game . 
  community telling you to be serious because it 's not just a game . 
  now what ? 
  yep , still not frozen . 
  looks like the angry kid of aston martin and audi, 
  did you catch them ? 
  you ca n't really measure the knowledge and the things we can earn with nasa 's work . 
  if you invest let 's say a trillion dollars and they can figure out how to travel to a habitable planet within given time which can save our race from extinction ( smth like in interstellar ) , would you call that a good investment ? 
  even if only two humans survive and they populate a habitable planet ? 
  you probably would , but you ca n't measure how much of the original money did it return , because it 's simply unmeasurable . 
  what if the murderous humans destroy the earth before the murderous aliens ? 
  he got distracted by the dicks in his mouth . 
  i do n't have a single idea what happened in the last minute but that was fucking epic . 
  the only joke he pulled was his dick, 
  is this your fucking job ? 
  i know this mike guy , he 's got an apartment , right ? 
  i do n't know if it 's really metabreak , but i fucking love lissandra support and the fizz-xin bot duo . 
  twitch 's ult to spray and pray . 
  fuck you, 
   over the next few days , we 'll be rewarding positive league of legends players with a classic mystery gift as thanks for being such an awesome part of our community . 
  if you have n't received a chat restriction , ranked restriction , 14-day ban or permanent ban in 2014 , and you meet the requirements to receive a mystery gift ( you 're level 5 or higher and there are at least 10 skins you do n't own ) , you 're on our list !, 
  but then you would have to lie on the internet . 
  brady finally wins his fourth ring only to turn the entire team into ringwraiths . 
  oh god , please . 
  i loved every one , nice work dude !, 
  what 's legal and what 's ethical is different . 
  also you guys are full of shit . 
  strong independent players who need no honors, 
  zipfer , i like simple things . 
  forgive him on this , it 's really fucking hard for us to keep track of these things . 
  i always set a reminder in my phone and write it in the calendar and yet still , my friends have to remind me on my own birthday . 
  rapture, 
  fuck man , this is too good, 
  ` tis but a scratch !, 
  fucking law students ... 
  some blonde haired dude , he just shows up at everywhere . 
  seriously , if i go somewhere this fucking guy is there . 
  like he 's hauting me or i do n't know . 
  edit : hey blonde haired dude , if you 're here : fuck you, 
  hey jon , we would be really happy to see you on volt festival at the 2nd of july if you can fit it in . 
  wilkinson is coming already , you would be the icing on the cake . 
  your album and recent work is awesome , the nasty remix is a fucking banger , keep it up man !, 
  lots of love from hungary !, 
  hungary is also 116-123, 
  now only inf they could sign wickd ... that would be fucking amazing !, 
  wait, 
  to be honest , now i really wan na try that shit, 
  oh my fucking god hahaha, 
   if you 're having sex that does alter your skeletal structure , you 're doing something terribly wrong and you need to see a doctor like yesterday, 
  giggled at this part, 
  if you know engineering basics you can tell which is the better just by looking at them for a second . 
  there should n't be a hole between two balls on the bottom of the bearing . 
  it 's like you threw the whole stuff into sand or did not use grease . 
  as for the countries : basically if you are doing real quality stuff you wo n't make that on the other side of the world . 
  you will manufacture that with your own workers and your own supervision . 
  if it 's going for military use you can probably afford that . 
  fuck this shit , it 's enough of the shame . 
  i love wenger but fucking hell .
