  i do n't think c9 has anything to learn from their sister team . 
   make anyone cry, 
  ftfy, 
   they need as much experience in organized 5s against a ** good ** team as korean teams have . 
  if you do n't want to hit by a car , you should n't be on the middle of the road . 
  just bring monte and the job is done . 
  i will still miss my kind, 
  i fucking hate my favourite champion, 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( http://www.lolking.net/summoner/na/35590582 ), 
  fuck , that really hurts, 
  finally skarner viable, 
  come on you bastards will you just stand there watching and not eat the dog ? 
  they have n't stopped the game . 
  you do n't know shit about the sk-gambit issue , do you ? 
  cloudtemplar 's shen , the feels ; _ ;, 
  number of teams from na that were able to knock out an eu team from the season 1-2-3 wc playoffs : 0 . 
  god i waited for this since s1 , the chills ... ahhh, 
  i may be a bit late but here 's my question : do you still keep contract with your old teammates ? 
  ( cloudtemplar , madlife , shy and woong ), 
  now imagine if i had a real weapon ... 
  how dare you ? 
  those pictures does n't seem too realistic for me . 
  guys , i think op is trying to fool us !, 
  something similar is happenening to me way too often . 
  like i 'm just walking on a bridge and i 'm wondering what would i cause if i would just jump down . 
  i do n't really think about breaking my bones or dying , i usually think about what would the people around me or my family react . 
  it happens in a lot of instances but i actually have n't done any of these thoughts so i guess i 'm not a totally insane ( or i 'm just a coward ) . 
  7 : eune, 
  this needs some more phantoml0rd . 
  all used on eune, 
  poisoning the king is just not oberyn style . 
  how funny that the uploader of that vid has commented that op is n't a scripter and he got downvoted . 
  double standards rule the world . 
  guess you have n't seen the nacl finals . 
  the lannisters send their regards , 
  it 's like romania and hungary united . 
  plz nerf irelia, 
  and the performance of tms suddenly improved . 
  how surprising . 
  why are you guys always bitching about the loser instead of praising the winner ? 
  mannis just wants his fucking throne . 
  how is that holy ? 
  i would say starks are much more holy than baratheons are . 
  and you wo n't . 
  this is n't the first time for garena . 
  and how is `` rat-ta-ta-tat '' translated to `` i can go back , jumping in the ballet '' in hungarian ? 
  i just do n't know what the fuck is going on . 
  expecting to find some proper junglers near the amazonas ? 
  `` ah , here 's the retard i am finally able to carry . '', 
  and you 're the fuckhead because if you cant say a thing obviously you are n't intrested in them , and its better if you are n't even trying to talk . 
  oh thanks people , how nice of you , now i just go and communicate with my cat . 
  he 's pretty peaceful . 
  up until the point where he begins to drop a few nukes on your city because why the hell not . 
  oh look i just had sex , now say i 'm beta fuckers , i 'm hardcore as fuck . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you guys , all of these wall of texts ... 
  not for so long ... 
  i think the team said everything nice and clear about his leaving , i do n't think you should bother him with the very original `` where are you going/what will you do now '' questions . 
  he needs some peace now . 
  this fucking cat is hilarious , i 'm dying in laughter, 
  the piano doorbell is pretty awesome . 
  they 're telling you for 4 seasons that he knows nothing , and now you come saying that he fought with long swords in a situation where short swords would 've been a better choice . 
  i bet he only heard about the martells from bran 's - ` let 's guess the coat of arms of houses you do n't give a fuck about ' featuring master luwin - game . 
  man ... if i thought joffrey was n't the role model for empathy i do n't know what to say now . 
  according to bronn it does not matter how you win if you win . 
  jon has to learn something to achieve the famous - ` beat the cripple with his own hand ' - level , but he 's progressing nicely . 
  beating someone with a help from a woman is way better than beating someone who wants to die anyway or getting beaten by a girl . 
  i give this to him . 
  and man , flair up !, 
  those smiles are just hella perfect . 
  i do n't think there is a better way to sum it up . 
  that 's ma browser guise !, 
  he 's based god . 
  excuse me m ` lady , i 'll have to fix this . 
  zips it up , tips fedora . 
  do n't be that guy . 
  you perfectly know that this is n't the skt we have seen on ogn/nlb . 
  they merely just regrouped mandu and simply he was n't in form . 
  this was the skt from ogn winter and worlds . 
  i ca n't believe that this was the most important thing for you and for reddit . 
  you guys are just simply fucking terrible . 
  they gave you a jawdropping game which just showed why there is n't a point in comparing na/eu to china/korea and all you do is bitching about a player from a team that crashed eu 's top team ( and prolly will crash na 's top team as well ) . 
   this especially ruins high elo aram where the is absolutely no way to win . 
  you know what ruins solq for me ? 
  when riot buffs the hell out of champs i do n't own . 
  should we allow all champs in soloq ? 
  i should fucking save my ip or farm my ass off to get the currently op champ ( and unlike aram , these champs are constantly changing ) . 
  to make your own show ? 
  bottom 8 jajajajaja , dis kid knows his shit . 
  i 'm absolutely sure that jon snow knows more than mace tyrell . 
  at this state i could completly believe that he ate catwoman . 
  ( measuring the symbol it could 've been about 3 or 4 of her ), 
  the word ` spritz ' is so fucking irratiting in it , especially that english is my second language so at first i thought it was a word i did n't knew yet . 
  only the subreddit ? 
  the players , the staff and the shoutcasters are using the same phrases over and over like rotations , mindset etc etc. 
  either their grammar is fucking basic or they just lack any type of diversity . 
  they simply ca n't come up with anything other than recycling the same old shit . 
  the parrot is just like `` the fuck are you going to do now , huh ? '', 
  the pointless boobs slot with davos is just perfect . 
  fuck you now i feel like i have a cockroach in my ears, 
  spoiler : you 're also going to die .
