  messi 's is like, 
   s-sure ? 
  this much ? 
  i think his downfall did not have that big of an echo but it looks quite similar . 
  including the milano part . 
  especially the late milano part . 
  they 're like reaching out for them before the fall . 
  people were like yeah , ronaldinho is so last year , while everybody went like kaka is real shit boys ( strangely kaka means shit in hungarian language ) . 
  god , i honestly do n't know if soldado or giroud is funnier, 
  edit : it 's probably soldado because of revenge tears, 
  fuck , i thought i 'm the only one , thanks mate, 
  or just how to confuse them, 
  the ` where are my dragons ' phrase gets a whole new meaning, 
  honestly , i think this fits you more . 
  damn , athena still looks sick as fuck . 
  i slightly liked them while lampard was playing there . 
  now they 're just a bunch of cunts . 
  it 's okay buddy , my top comment too is some dumb shit on a 4chan post . 
  people tend to upvote those . 
  all were used on eune just went through , thaks for them anyways , it was very kind of you !, 
  damn , this surely is your best picture yet !, 
  silly , those are called porsche, 
  i had to rewatch the gif 3 times to discover that there 's an another angle and the imbecil missed . 
  get the fuck off , this is a really good question, 
  needs more ketchup bro, 
  you have m ` vote for sure buddy !, 
  damn frodo is a really good caster, 
   stop the burning of the library of alexandria and fill it with pepes, 
  damn , i 'm fairly new to hs , but these cups are just soo much fun to watch , it 's nice to see that the players are just totally chill and friendly , just joking around eachother with no offense unlike what you see in some other e-sport games . 
  there is n't any good explanation in hungarian either , only this earth chakra thing . 
  well , we 've seen the same superman in a movie , so the really new thing here is batfleck . 
  that 's 4chan . 
  you must never go there , son . 
  fucking hell , please sign some casters, 
  friends vanished , realized how much time i 've wasted, 
  sanchez is fucking laughable so far, 
  totally my glasses . 
  i can rarely afford to buy some , but definetly kru\u0161ovice dark, 
  waze , or a hungarian version of it , traffi hunter . 
  it 's just amazing . 
  that i 've got the same mental illness as my older brother , i just do n't know about it . 
  sadly quite often i 'm thinking that i 'm doing the same things and behaving the same way as he does . 
  [ beach boys - i get around ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrebd2og5iy ), 
  the all time favourite is [ rhcp - by the way ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odncl1vp3ry ), 
  from the recent ones i really like this one : [ eric prydz - tether ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioq_t_ghbtg ), 
  do n't do it alone . 
  get somebody to jog with , someone who 's constantly kicking your ass like a parent would . 
  letting me abandon her when we moved out from our house . 
  i 'm missing her so much . 
  the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy , it 's almost as amusing and funny as the book !, 
  the constant race for militaty power with other nations . 
  we should just think and act as a species . 
  ab - master race reporting in !, 
  there are a lot of 0 's and ab 's in my family but nobody ab - !, 
  vulcun never fails to disappoint, 
  honestly , the whole movement thing is fucked up latetly . 
  i have n't played a lot in s5 but recently got back with some friends and in the past few days i noticed at least a dozen of times when i clicked away from the enemies my champion started to go towards them ( no , i have n't pressed shift or a ) . 
  the other thing is with walls . 
  if you click in the middle of a wall your champion will get confused about where do you wanted to go . 
  when mlg was actually known as a good tournament not a dank meme :'(, 
  sailing along the croatian coast . 
  the islands and the places without well developed infrastructure are making it so fucking enjoyable . 
  sometimes if you happen to forget about the technology around you , it feels like you were in the venetian times . 
   i enjoy fucking with people for pretty much no reason, 
  yeah i do too , should i have any other reason than it feels good ? 
  you will get buttfucked and gain $ 300 . 
  it 's a win-win right ? 
  right ? 
  1 is n't reallly needed , but 2 can be useful . 
  on easy you can run through it really fast , and will get you a good basic knowledge of some characters , nations , will explain why are temerians mad and if you happen to choose that path it will show you radovid 's `` relationship '' with the witches . 
  almost everything is worse ( combat system , potions , graphics , character interactions ) than witcher 3 , but i think it 's worth to play it . 
  mechanical engineer here . 
  you will learn a lot of shit that you wo n't use in your life . 
  at first everything seems fucking stupid and pointless . 
  as the time goes it 's just getting worse and worse . 
  than , when you 're totally demolished and ran out of moral you will see . 
  you will reborn and discover the beauty of thermodynamics and everything else . 
  after that point it 's still pretty fucking awful , but it 's a bit more intresting as you will understand something . 
  also , a lot will depend on your teachers . 
  : yeah , seems like shit but if you keep going on you will develop into a really decent man and understand a lot of things about the world . 
  you will gain a great sense of humour too . 
  also from my experience the best things about engieering are n't thaught on courses , you will learn them in factories . 
  ( tho i 'm not sure you can apply these experiences to the usa , i live in hungary . ), 
  shh , it 's all conspiracy now, 
  good luck for supporting somebody else for a week , child . 
  the rightful heir , and the only true king of the seven kingdoms . 
  i 'm surprised noone said heart of darkness , it was an amazing game . 
  most of the people call them police officers . 
  no , i would instantly get my camera, 
  it 's only nice to see my country on the front page . 
  in which he was the only survivor . 
  guess it will be hamuul . 
  you fucking traitor !, 
  is tormund one of them now ? 
  i 'm that guy everyone thinks is just joking about wanting to do fucked up things , but i 'm dead serious . 
  also the main reason why you were able to buy the thing you 're writing the comment on . 
  few years back 2 men stole a truck containing a cobalt isotope from a tanking station . 
  they opened the cargo hold and managed to give themselves a deadly dose of radiation . 
  you would be surprised how many are dumb enough . 
  ` oh yeah look at that little bitch ',
