  i 'm starting to realize that in this subreddit the comments are more ` wtf ' than the actual posts, 
  oh god , again ? 
  welcome to the internet . 
  tl ; dr : higher tier players are divine and i suck as always . 
  i have 112 wins on my accout , my first game on lvl 30 was against a premade of four inluding d5-p1 players . 
  needless to say on our side the best was gold 3 and none of us was premade . 
  the real question would be ` could you ? 
  and now they do n't . 
  whoa . 
  oh thanks mate . 
  i was similar to her and guess what , i ai n't buyin shit like others ( the fifth element : smartphone etc. ), 
  because i learned how easy it is to spend my money by buying only small things in the school buffet . 
  i simply ca n't figure out how can so many people agree with the ` punish her ' replies . 
  i did this too as a child and i do n't think i 'm fucked up because of it . 
  i 'm possibly fucked up because of the reason i did it . 
  at first i thought these are some kind of lizards , guess it 's early in the morning, 
  thats what i 'm doing right now , but i 'm getting into a state where i 'm starting to convince myself that i 'm better off this way . 
  man the fuck up ... 
  and so the copying begins , once again !, 
  if his eyes are n't real , how can babe be real ? 
  for 2 or 3 weeks ? 
  she 's observing us ? 
  `` he was a total sexy babe showed me tits '' o.o, 
  this would be even more perfect if it were 666 trips, 
  and extremely delicious, 
  ow , i found it funny . 
  how wrong of me ; _ ;, 
  i 'm in tears now man ... that picture is so deep . 
  honestly if you do n't wan na get shot you should n't beat police officers and you should n't try to race off 2 police cars, 
  b-b-but i still have 3 days and the weather is so nice o.o, 
  wtf this is n't even paint, 
  have you tried replacing the ball with roofies ? 
  [ something like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.hdwallpapersview.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/banana-single.jpg ), 
  i love how he turns around : `` oh , fuck no ! '', 
  1/12 .7 millionth piece of the entire night sky ( approximately a piece smaller than 1/10 of the moon on the night sky , roughly the size of your pinky nail with outstretched arms ) . 
  if you want to observe the entire night sky with the same method without interruption it would take 1 million years . 
  there is light , but no naked eye objects . 
  the picture contains 10000 galaxies . 
  the observation took 400 orbits , it contains 800 exposures which took 11,3 days to make with an average of 21 minutes of exposure time from sept. 24 , 2003 . to jan. 14 , 2004 . 
  bonus intresting fact :, 
  hubble 's keen vision is equivalent to standing at the u.s. capitol and seeing the date on a quarter a mile away at the washington monument . 
  edit : here 's my favourite : http://www.eso.org/public/images/eso1242a/zoomable/ ( it 's the milky way with approx . 
  200-400 billion stars , and it 's only one galaxy out of ~ 170 + billions ), 
  kick in the door and rape her, 
  gg 1v9 , idc mb u just stfu . 
  i think diamond is pretty decent . 
  especially when you lock your teammates to turrets and then blame them, 
  let 's see : 1, 
  i believe this bot gets more and more evil as time passes by . 
  do n't even try to explain this . 
  you came here for the karma . 
  just like we all did . 
  the galaxies in our universe are 64 million time more dense than the atoms in a metal bar . 
  there is a place of 25 `` milky ways '' to the next galaxy , in a metal bar you wold need to place 10000 atoms next to eachother to reach the next . 
  yes , i believe it 's only the nuclei without the electron cloud . 
  i 'm not religious but this boils my blood . 
  what the fuck is bitch thinking ? 
  or possibly without hands, 
  you can not unsee mike myers . 
  bestrivenna is a pretty nice guy ( imho ) . 
  tho the wast majority is a fkin kid . 
  let 's be honest . 
  who is n't hot on that show ? 
  i would fuck everybody there without a single question be female or male , and yes inluding samwell tarly . 
  exhaust riot pls, 
  whoa , whoa , whoa . 
  you 're trying to tell me that a normal waterfall is more impressive than a frozen one ? 
  no way dude . 
  plot twist : he goes back to blizzard as heroes of the storm comes out . 
  good to see matko is alright !, 
  will we see 13 reincarnations of him ? 
  you should n't lie to anybody else . 
  he was always strong except one thing ( i played him a lot at the end of s3 ) . 
  he was lacking sustain in the early levels , now with the item changes he became viable there 's nothing special about it . 
  if you played him before you could 've expect this . 
  she was the only champion i dared to pick if i was forced to go mid . 
  now all i see is `` nice bjergsen , try harded , nice copy '' . 
  stop laughing !, 
  reminds me of the old [ focus wrc ] ( http://images.rallymoments.com/photos/4766/-martini-ford-focus-wrc_500.jpg ) and the [ delta integrale ] ( http://maranellohouse.com/mypictures/real%20martini.jpg ) , amazing !, 
  / all worth, 
  `` hello summoners , we realized that renekton is rarely picked , so here 's a buff . '', 
  god thanks it 's a bug , i though it was a horrible new feature . 
  i 've seen it on vayne and varus lately , maybe nami but i 'm not 100 % sure about this . 
  please guys , we need the end game builds displayed in gambit 's case . 
  driving by the rules and driving right are n't the same things . 
  driving right i think involves knowing the unwritten rules , respecting others , not trying to be the cop and trying to avoid conflicts as much as you can . 
  she would be such a wonderful karma farmer . 
  you better deliver m80, 
  nami , she 's just too kawaii, 
  but if your e hits your w will prolly take the kill , maximum profit . 
  you was too busy soaking up the karma . 
  toxic players should n't play ranked either , but challenger is full of them . 
  calm , it 's just a hexdrinker . 
  9x 9x 9x 9x 9x is so fucking annoying . 
  no shen reported 9x, 
  you ca n't milk those, 
  the difference is that those teams are learning from each other , t1 k/kta/blaze / sso is n't just babysitting t1 s/ktb/frost / ssb , they are equal competitors . 
  while c9t is n't really close to c9 in anything else than the name , in game 1 c9t simply lost in their own game , they got outtraded in towers early . 
  tho i have to admit they are much better at trashtalking i have n't seen anythig that could improve c9 's startegy besides the lane clear behind the team which i think was n't really discussed before it was just shyv 's own idea .
