  but the people greeting each other with the german , christian version of allah akbar is a tad creepy , hehe . ), 
  semi-joking , if the sea rises , then we know how to battle that bastard effectively . 
  a country which is less battle-hardened against the sea might be defeated by it , if it decides to attack . 
  that sounds positive , but i 'm worried about being able to do shopping on sundays , which i 've really gotten used to and do n't want to give up . 
  well , that seemed to have been successful , if it caused herman to joke about it on-air . 
  yeah , my bad . 
  because people who might otherwise have voted for someone who promised them mountains of gold without mentioning details , have now seen in trump what actually happens when you give someone like that power : he does n't know what he 's doing and fucks everything up . 
  that might serve as a warning for people who might have considered wilders or other populists here . 
  yeah , i just realized i misread your comment , sorry . 
  instead of explaining why i disagreed , i instead elaborated on basically what you said . 
  my mind is too split between too many information sources . 
  at least the news is still good . 
  hehe , it 's a silly meme . 
  he 's not literally correcting you . 
  you can tell from the other responses to the top comment . 
  actually , trump making an ass of himself likely helped contain populism in the netherlands , to a level where they wo n't influence major policy . 
  with a huge turnout , the populists got relatively little votes , most votes went to responsible , rational politicians/parties . 
  if you 're near the hague , the sligro there has very nice free coffee , and you can get a mean bouncer ( eggs with ham/cheese , on bread ) for cheap . 
  yes , we joke with our friends , while we are stern but polite with our enemies . 
   i just have a distain for pvv welcome to the club . 
   and wish for them not the get the most seats . 
  do n't worry , they wo n't . 
  if you live near enschede , i 'll come bring you some senseo pads ( do n't have bitcoins ) , does that help ? 
  last time extreme nationalism rose , they took our bicycles , the basterds . 
  results from first available district just came in : schiermonnikoog . 
  interesting : turnout 130 % probably due to vacationers voting there , besides local population . 
  still funny to read , though . 
  especially since it 's the first actual result of the evening . 
  edit : second district : 101 % turnout . 
  another island in the waddenzee , vlieland , also has tourists . 
  interesting trend . 
  who says i 'm not from a culture where gays get the death penalty , in which case the analogy would be apt ? 
  oh wait , i have flair on , do n't i ? 
  i 'm trying to educate you on the meaning of words , i 'm not advocating people do bad shit with kids . 
  if a gay male marries a woman because that 's expected in his culture , does that mean he 's suddenly heterosexual instead of homosexual ? 
  or is he still gay , but acting against his nature for the sake of fitting in ? 
  they 're wearing nice shoes under that badass gear though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe's_law  poe 's law is an internet adage that states that , without a clear indicator of the author 's intent , it is impossible to create a parody of extreme views so obviously exaggerated that it can not be mistaken by some readers or viewers as a sincere expression of the parodied views . 
  well , one possible explanation is that they finally returned our damn bicycles . 
  the ue ? 
  who are they ? 
  are you talking about the united emirates or something ? 
  like , the arab guys ? 
  you might be confusing tourists with 3rd-generation european descendants of immigrants . 
  why were you refused ? 
  that means we beat finland again , right ? 
  enjoy the cheap , fresh coffee you can buy anywhere in sofia . 
  and remember to get a banitsa for breakfast , but try and find a local bakery to get it from , not a supermarket . 
  best coffee i found was at the western edge of studentski park , made with freshly ground beans , for 0,20 leva . 
  or plovdiv , also a very nice city to visit . 
  about time . 
   typical german `` fairy tale '' castles . 
  as if there 's a whole bunch of those , hehe . 
  i 'm fairly sure you 're specifically thinking of [ neuschwanstein ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neuschwanstein_castle ) . 
  maybe if the alcohol would run out ? 
  surely that would annoy the fins , right ? 
  ah yes . 
  dunglish . 
  like : high trees catch much fart . 
  that 's in south-america , right ? 
  how about : `` once again , the dutch seem to be slightly higher ranked than the fins '' ? 
  yup , which makes it all the more frustrating . 
  in the mean time , there are lots of youths in holland , but since they do n't give a shit about politics and vote very fragmentedly if they vote at all , no politician gives a shit about them . 
  that only makes sense if enough national politicians/parties have explicitly indicated they want to get rid ( or vastly reduce ) farming subsidies . 
  farmers tend to vote reliably and en bloc for those that pander to them . 
  since the eu is a very democratic organisation , that means it 's likely to care about a large voting group that votes reliably en bloc . 
  however , this is also the case on a national level . 
  if the uk goes brexit , do you expect politicians will want to get rid of farming subsidies ? 
  especially considering the stupid way that the voting districts work in the uk ( which is why a party with < 40 % of the popular vote has 100 % of the power now ) it 's extremely unlikely that a politician in post-brexit uk will want to antagonise a huge part of the uk 's `` flyover country . '', 
  so , then , you have no more eu , and you 're still stuck with no free-er market than before . 
  you really are underestimating the size of the farming lobby . 
  for decades , they have been the reason the cda ( in holland ) has had any relevancy whatsoever . 
  [ this video by cgpgrey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rstl7nir7gs ) is a tad bleak and mostly covers dictators , but in the later part , where peaceful democracies are mentioned , it talks about how if a group of people vote reliably in high numbers , it helps to pander to them , if you want to stay in power . 
  it 's oversimplifying a bit , but that 's what the cda has been doing . 
  we * have * food security , because we can buy food from * any * place in the world . 
  there is * no * conceivable scenario where * everyone in the whole goddamn world * would suddenly refuse to sell us food , letting us starve . 
  and it 's * long term * economic gain . 
  do you have any idea how much money has been spent over the last decades on farming subsidies ? 
  imagine what we could have done with those mountains of money . 
  instead , let 's throw huge amounts of money away over the following years and years and decades as well . 
  without any benefits , besides hypothetical safety from bullshit paranoia . 
  the need wo n't arise . 
  the world wo n't go nuts . 
  slightly more celebrity deaths were reported on in 2016 than other years , brexit held a referendum , to make trade a bit less efficient , causing their wages to be a bit lower in the end . 
  nothing that has any serious impact on anyone to be able to buy food though . 
  stay realistic , please . 
  nobody has ever been made happier by experiencing paranoid delusions . 
  strange , i was expecting such rational and pragmatic opinions from you , mr. brexit advocate . 
   here i was assuming it means a country being able to feed itself completely independent of the world . 
  do we need to spend a shitton of money preparing ourselves for what happens when we go down the path of north korea ? 
  i was n't talking about semiconductors in general , but specifically the cpus that our computers ( desktops , laptops , servers , etc ) run on . 
  if we would go without computers because half a dozen countries ( or even just the us ) would cut us off , it would wreak havoc on society . 
  and nxp would n't be able to fix such a situation for us . 
  especially not on the short term . 
  however , if literally half the world would suddenly stop selling us food * and * 100 % of dutch farmers would stop working , we would still get plenty of food and be fine . 
  at worst , some specific foods would be in short supply , but we would n't go hungry . 
  our computers use x86 processors . 
  those are made only by two companies . 
  those companies are intel and amd . 
  none of those are european .
