  if we had to break all ties with the us , that would wreak havoc on our ability to use offices . 
  our food meanwhile , would be fine , since plenty other countries would love to supply us with their agricultural products . 
  since the bar to get into agriculture ( even efficiently ) is quite low , many places can supply those products . 
  it 's the rare , high-tech products that are a bigger problem . 
  by the way , you 'd be surprised how much is made in china . 
  you say `` cheap phones '' but the most expensive phones i know , iphones , are all made in china , for example . 
  an individual product can be relocated to europe just fine , but if china suddenly shut off its manufacturing to us , we 'd be in a world of shit , since we do n't have enough industry nor space for it , to replace all that china does for us . 
  of course , those are silly , hypothetical scenarios , because they wo n't ever happen . 
  if china stopped making any stuff for us , we 'd have a problem , but china itself would go completely bankrupt as well . 
  if the us would stop selling electronics to europe , they 'd lose the biggest economic bloc of the world as a customer . 
  that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  you know how mutually assured destruction kept nuclear war from ever being an option for countries with nukes ? 
  there 's a similar concept with trade . 
  if one country would go nuclear with a trade war , their own economy would be either suffering or destroyed as well . 
  this interdependence on trade is actually one of the biggest reasons the world is currently as safe and peaceful as it has * ever * been in human history . 
  just like we 're not dependent on the us for processors for our computers ? 
  just like how we 're not dependent on china for mass manufacturing ? 
  let 's face it , we need a global economy and unless we fear being sanctioned russia/nk-style we should be ok with that . 
  in the meantime , silly paranoia like yours is costing everybody a shitton of money and causes a lot of land to be tied up in places where it could be put to much better use . 
  have you forgotten how holland ranks in the list of most densely populated countries in the world ? 
  calm the fucking down , buddy , you 're not on facebook here . 
  just because you suspect someone ( or an organization ) has a different view than you does n't make them `` parasites '' that `` deserve to die . '', 
  because the ( non-far ) right do support trump , you mean ? 
  that 's not what 's going on in my perception . 
  it 's only the putin-supporting far-right crazies that arr supporting trump . 
  saying that trump is dangerous and extremist does make you `` left , '' it makes you rational . 
  with the `` normal '' religion . 
  you know , the one that gets all the `` religious freedom '', 
  her tits look normal , proportional and her ass is also not protruding abnormally . 
  are you using different armenians for reference ? 
  are you suggesting that football riots are organized by the cia ? 
   noble laureates are you talking about the nobel prizes ? 
  they are named after the inventor of dynamite , alfred nobel , hence the specific spelling with - el and a capital n. just for your information . 
  let 's be honest , compared to other western countries , the ratio of sabotage versus cooperation/compromise by opposition is way out of whack . 
  this makes no sense . 
  if you simply block everything , then nothing gets done . 
  the world runs on compromises . 
  if you are unable to compromise , then you should n't be in politics . 
  yes , even if the divide is great . 
  i 'm not trying to be snarky either , i honestly do n't comprehend why politicians in the us do n't compromise or why the voters put up with that shit . 
  how are you fitting scottish oil into this ? 
  it does in the us , it seems , from looking back at the past 8 years . 
  so be it . 
  the referendum was advisory ( and did n't mention borders ) , the mps are elected , this is a possibility . 
  and no rule or law would be broken . 
  it is unlikely though , because it would mean that the mps in question will have voted in a way that their constituents would n't want them to , which will likely lead to their not being reelected . 
  if you 're using silly catchphrases like `` the will of the people '' then context matters . 
  `` the will of the people '' sounds like `` the people '' want it , but in fact the uk is split fairly evenly down the middle , meaning that either decision is against the will of approx . 
  half the people . 
  the few percent is the actual difference . 
  it 's not `` the people '' , it 's `` either against 48 % or against 52 % of the people . '', 
  besides , if what a majority of the people in the uk wants , is so important , then why is 100 % of deciding power in their parliament sided with ~ 35 % of the popular vote ? 
  the uk system , as it was * 250 years ago * . 
  the us has n't updated their system much since . 
  and considering their love and adoration for the constitution and their `` founding fathers , '' they 're not bound to modernise any time soon . 
  against the will of 2 % of the people . 
  ( the rest cancels out against remainers ), 
  too bad . 
  the people elect their representatives in parliament . 
  those act on behalf of those people in such manners . 
  if that means putting restrictions on such a decision , then too bad . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  bypassing parliament because they might not do what you like is * not * how democracy is supposed to work . 
  dutch here . 
  sorry about the referendum , it was a silly thing , initiated by a dutch group similar to 4chan , but less anonymous . 
  and the people that voted against , were just idiots who wanted to protest the eu , while pro-voters stayed away , convinced that the minimum turnout would n't be met ( which * just barely * was met . ), 
  all in all , a great embarrassment . 
  unrounded | rounded : - :| : - : 0,95 | 0,95 0,96 | 0,95 0,97 | 0,95 0,98 | 1,00 0,99 | 1,00 1,00 | 1,00 1,01 | 1,00 1,02 | 1,00 1,03 | 1,05 1,04 | 1,05 1,05 | 1,05 1,06 | 1,05 and so on ... 
  you are baselessly speculating about a measure which you think is some `` hypothetical future scenario , that has already been implemented in several countries . 
  why not ask the europeans who have been rounding for 10 + years ? 
  my experience says that your fears are unfounded . 
  indeed . 
  please enlighten me then . 
  hitler was a populist demagogue . 
  many of the techniques hitler used to breed and then use population 's fear and hatred are now being used by populists like wilder , trump , le pen and so on . 
  it 's an apt comparison if you look at it from an academic point of view . 
  are we just randomly insulting people 's national histories now ? 
  fine . 
  you guys started ww1 directly , and produced the guy that caused ww2 ( hitler ) . 
  edit : i ca n't stay mad . 
  you guys also gave us mozart and make a wicked sachertorte . 
  please be careful not to start any more world wars , though . 
  nothing . 
  just some old-testament ( or current-day russian ) tit-for-tat . 
  i forgot the reichstag fire . 
  what did i miss ? 
  fox news is very partisan . 
  msnbc a tad , but still stays rational . 
  for the rest , the big , reliable names are n't really partisan . 
  sensationalist , maybe , but not partisan to a point where they 're not reliable . 
   they claim russia `` hacked the election '' even though the farthest claim is that they hacked the dnc and gave it to wikileaks , hacking one party and making that information public is very clearly influencing the election using information gained through hacking . 
  you say `` even though '' but i see no contradiction . 
   however we have evidence that john podesta 's email account was n't hacked , he fell into a basic phishing scam . 
  phishing is one of the tools of a hacker . 
  to be more precise : social engineering . 
  again , no contradiction here . 
   also they helped spread obvious fake news about golden showers . 
  how do you know it 's fake ? 
  also , this is a long time after the election , so hardly seems relevant . 
  you might argue that the quality of the story fits a buzzfeed more than cnn , but suggesting it 's outright `` fake '' requires arguments .
