  this is none of the us treasury 's business . 
  to make an analogy about the deal itself : if a company makes a deal with a state government in the us , and that deal turns out to violate federal laws , then that company can kiss that deal goodbye . 
  and it should have known ahead of time that it violated federal rules , regardless of how welcoming the guys at the state level were . 
  are you aluding to / r/polandball ? 
  to be fair , blair knew ( or could have asked for ) all the intelligence , including very secret stuff , that the decision was based on . 
  the newspapers only had the information that was in the open . 
  sure , in hindsight , more british press should have realized that bush was full of shit , but let 's not put them on the same level as blair . 
  not sad at all , it would mean the british are saved from shooting themselves in the foot . 
  and the balkans shouls be returned to turkey/ottomans . 
  no , they did n't . 
  russia got ukraine into this mess . 
  yup . 
  going into details like that would distract from the silly pun , though . 
  so , is this hand-drawn ? 
  or rendered ? 
  cell-shaded ? 
  that would be hypocritical of germany , though . 
  if merkel or b\u00f6hmermann would sue . 
  let 's not stoop to erdogan 's level . 
  `` trump '' and `` fact '' in one sentence , side by side . 
  strange , that . 
  we 've made it legal a while back for the dykes to stick fingers in each other . 
  you could go to greece . 
  lots of beautiful places to visit , ancient culture sites , lots of stuff will be cheap , since they 're strapped for cash , and of course , you 're helping a fellow eu country that could use the financial benefit of tourism . 
  and you can use your own euro 's without conversion . 
  or bulgaria , very nice beaches as well , very friendly people , everything is also very cheap , considering the low incomes of locals , and although they use the lev , the rate is fixed at 1 euro for 2 leva , so it 's easy enough to figure things out . 
  well yeah , i just thought i 'd add some context . 
  apparently , it was a chocolate cake . 
  yeah , as someone who lives minutes from the german border , that makes no sense . 
  maybe germany made all the good cake makers move away from where / u/0xe1 lives , and instead pool them up near the dutch border ? 
  edit : just realized you 're from that province just east of us , the one with the weird name . 
  my favourite cake maker was from there : b\u00e4ckerei l\u00fctke-wenning from gronau , but sadly they stopped a few years ago . 
  it was a family business and they retired . 
  the us has n't recently annexed provinces from neighbours , though . 
  this kinda shit is precisely why i do n't go to / r/russia . 
  in one comment , we have whataboutism , telling me what i really am/think as opposed to what i just said , falsely equating global media 's public knowledge vs russian conspiracies as two `` different biases , '' telling me i 'm `` emotionally frightened '' which i think is supposed to belittle me as a person/man , blah blah blah . 
  please go away . 
  go back to your / r/russia circlejerk , i 'm not interested in these discussions . 
  i discuss affairs often enough with people i disagree with . 
  i 've had passionate , but respectful , discussions with devout catholics whom i strongly disagree with on many issues . 
  but that is in no way or shape comparable to talking to someone who 's drank putin 's kool-aid . 
  haha , there are plenty of people i disagree with on / r/europe , but at least here , the discussions do n't automatically and immediately plummet into crazy conspiracy theories . 
  people here , whether you agree with them or not , tend to have a little better grasp on reality . 
  not literally afraid in the sense that i fear danger , but i * dread * the notion of going there , knowing it 'll be infuriating , confusing , tiring and aggressive . 
  it 's not a fun place to hang out , in my experience . 
  yeah , that is similar to what i found . 
  i enjoy a decent discussion from time to time , but it seems so * tiring * and relentless . 
  it must be like being high on drugs 24/7 , to always have to doubt what you perceive , wondering whether it 's true or a complete fantasy . 
   or neo nazis you know , this has puzzled me . 
  in recent times ( when russian affairs have been getting more attention ) , people seem to be either * vastly * overestimating how many neo-nazis are actually out there , or the definition of the word has changed when i was n't paying attention . 
  does `` neo nazi '' these days mean something different than it did in the 80s or 90s ? 
  i wonder what / r/russia makes of this , but i 'm afraid to go there myself . 
  last time i wondered over there out of curiosity , it did n't seem a very happy or welcoming place , especially when discussing politics or journalism . 
  without picking sides , in the case of gibraltar , both spain 's and the uk 's positions are at least * understandable * , hence comparing it to that . 
  and you 're right , ceding it to morocco would be a hilarious case of trolling . 
  i do n't think the people of gibraltar would appreciate that very much , though . 
  fortunately , gibraltar is less of an issue these days , now that we 're all part of the eu and sheng -- oh wait , never mind . 
  you are using `` russia , '' `` russians '' and `` putin '' interchangeably , but those are very different concepts . 
  * russia * deserves contempt because of the way it has aggressive messed with its neighbours , like what it 's been doing in georgia and ukraine . 
  and not just the blatant invading and warmongering , but the very goddamn tiresome war of misinformation and propaganda that e.g rt is being used for . 
  * putin * deserves contempt , if not hatred , because he is most centrally to blame for the things mentioned above . 
  * russians * however , deserve the benefit of the doubt , unless they clearly defend russia 's military aggression or the obvious cunt that is putin . 
  politics aside though , russians abroad also tend to behave like assholes . 
  entitled , selfish , rude , loud and simply overall douchebags . 
  if russians go abroad and act that way , they 're likely to find hostility even before they talk politics , and they 'll have nothing but themselves to blame for that . 
  on the other hand , if i run into a russian and he behaves like you 'd expect from any decent human being , regardless of culture of origin , i 'll treat them like any other . 
  frankly , i 'd treat a russian today similarly to how i reckon i 'd treat a random german citizen shortly after ww2 : if he says disagrees with what leadership has done , but there 's nothing he can do about it , he 'll get at least a little bit of sympathy . 
  if he says he does n't care at all about politics , i 'll quietly condemn him somewhat for enabling through complacency and apathy . 
  but if said person starts defending the aggressive and shitty actions of their leader , or starts about how `` a strong leader '' is a good thing for a country , then i 'll treat him like the despicable cunt that he is . 
  that makes me think . 
  if only the falklands had been mentioned in a cgpgrey video , i would have known about its history and status . 
  those first links seem really petty and annoying for the people living on the falklands , but that last one , damn . 
  that is straight up hilarious . 
  to be honest , it reminds me of how the american republicans ( at least in some parts ) are suddenly very adamant about keeping trans people out of certain bathrooms . 
  it 's an `` issue '' that never really has been a problem , and if you 'd ask a normal person ( without them having heard political hullabaloo ) about it , they would n't care . 
  but , politicians need an easy topic to get the base riled up about in order to get them out to vote , or distract them from important domestic economic debates . 
  the direct analogy between cigarettes and alcohol is wrong , though . 
  there are plenty of people in europe that drink alcohol in normal , healthy amounts and do n't experience addiction at all . 
  there are no such groups when it comes to cigarettes . 
  or if there are , they are very small indeed . 
  how many smokers do you know that only have two or three cigarettes , once a week ? 
  that would be [ godwin 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law ) . 
   godwin 's law ( or godwin 's rule of nazi analogies ) [ 1 ] [ 2 ] is an internet adage asserting that `` as an online discussion grows longer , the probability of a comparison involving nazis or hitler approaches 1 '' [ 2 ] [ 3 ] -- that is , if an online discussion ( regardless of topic or scope ) goes on long enough , sooner or later someone will compare someone or something to hitler or nazism . 
  thanks for the explanation , it made me realize how very little i knew about the falklands . 
   the residents were never argentinian . 
  we did n't capture the islands from argentina - there were no aboriginal peoples subjugated or colonised - the falkland islands were uninhabited when they were discovered by european sailors in the 1700s . 
  that seems the important bit , right there . 
  from only having heard it briefly mentioned in the past , i assumed it was more similar to gibraltar , but from your description , it 's completely different : it 's simply part of the uk and has never been anything else , besides brief historic skirmishes . 
  you guys do n't put pineapple on them ? 
  actually , most of those simply seem like historically accurate statements , more or less . 
  oh , i see what you 're still doing wrong after all these years . 
  you seem to be lacking [ butyric acid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hershey_bar#hershey.27s_milk_chocolate ) in your chocolate . 
  maybe if you try that , you 'll be considered part of the top again . 
  out of genuine curiosity though : why do you care so much about the falklands ? 
  well , a lot of the roads would have to be redone , as a start . 
  ah yes , good old [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe's_law ) :  poe 's law is an internet adage which states that , without a clear indicator of the author 's intent , parodies of extreme views will be mistaken by some readers or viewers for sincere expressions of the parodied views . 
  really ? 
  you love that ? 
  odd you 'd complain about it then . 
  honestly , the rest of your comment is clich\u00e9 drivel .
