it might be interesting to see , sure . 
  but the odd phrasing suggests a tone of urgency . 
  for example , you say that germany is * dependent * on russian gas for a third of their needs . 
  that 's an odd way of describing it . 
  are you sure you do n't mean : a third of the gas they consume is bought from russia ? 
  very different things , if i buy all my bread from supermarket a , with a competitor and a baker nearby , then i 'm not * dependent * on supermarket a for all my bread needs , even though that 's where i buy 100 % . 
  see the difference ? 
  it 's not antirussia , i was just wondering why op devided the map the way he did , which he did n't do , which i 've explained in an edit 10 hours ago . 
  it is contested . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it applies to very few people and none of the people that it applies to are relevant for the location of a eu organisation , which is what the original comment was about . 
  no , that makes it less significant . 
  it would be significant if a good chunk of the population ( single or double digits percentage ) would fall into that bracket . 
  besides , eu workers/diplomats are n't earning these types of wages anyway . 
  ah , there 's my answer : `` on salaries over $ 1.000.000 '' not terribly interesting then . 
  that 's why !, 
  i did notice : gee , the belgians are particularly observant this evening . 
  yes , the other guy responding posted the source picture for ukraine , which clarifies it . 
  sorry for the mistake . 
  yes , that clarifies it . 
  especially the source picture . 
  sorry about the confusion . 
  to be fair , they got indian food out of it . 
  i mean , sorry to indonesia , both for the upcoming insult and , you know , the past and all , but ... 
  i would be * so happy * if we could trade their cuisinal influence for indian food . 
  odd , from where i 'm sitting , it looks like crimea is occupied by the russian girl 's pinky . 
  maybe i 'm looking at the wrong peninsula ? 
  can you check again please ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_in_france lists 45 % for the * top bracket * which start when you earn more than $ 151k * per adult household member * . 
  so , tell me , where does this 75 % rate come from ? 
  france is slightly further left on the spectrum than the uk , but they 're neither cuba nor the ussr . 
  chill out , silly britons . 
  dutchman here . 
  you selfish twat . 
  we survived the american banking crisis and the eurozone debt crisis . 
  we 'll fucking manage with a few billion less profits from trade with the ruskis . 
  why did you paint crimea as russian ? 
  edit : i misread the picture , sorry . 
  thanks for the info . 
  can someone provide a tl ; dr ? 
  the post that is linked to is a page and a half of boring drama . 
  what happened ? 
  on the other hand , once they start making bicycles that are able to go 120km/h ( 70mph ) , i 'll start wearing a helmet while riding one of those . 
  thanks for the update . 
  where is `` here '' ? 
  your flair only says `` eu '' so your remark is lacking context . 
  especially if it 's done to message solidarity with other peoples ? 
  or just anytime it 's defaced in general ? 
  indeed , what it claims are the same facts we 've been hearing from various independent reporters located in ukraine and crimea . 
  haha , very clever . 
  also , our mainland drivers seem to have more * dexterity * than the brits . 
  although this is interesting , is n't there a source available that is n't threatening with paywalls after * x * articles ? 
  there 's a reason they call it driving on the * right * side . 
  well , he got a vote-of-no-confidence by a legitimately elected parliament . 
  where i come from , that ends the presidency . 
  even if he was still somehow * technically * president , asking a foreign country to invade your own , against the wishes of its people ( * x * % of crimeans might like the russians invading , but i doubt it 's  50 % in crimea , let alone  50 % of * ukrainians * ) and against the wishes of its parliament , and without a good cause ( the `` protection '' they supposedly needed is clearly nonsense ) -- should still get him trialled for treason . 
  all of this is assuming that he came up with the idea and genuinely asked putin . 
  it 's completely feasible that russia either forged that document or ( more likely ) put pressure on yanukovich : you sign this document we wrote , and we 'll be more likely to help you out here in russia , maybe get you a nice post in a oligarch company , or make you governor of crimea or something . 
  if something like that happened ( we 're venturing deep into speculation territory by now ) then that by definition makes him unfit to be president . 
  haha , that lack of understanding might be why you do n't have very good coff -- wait ... maybe you do n't know why you 'd need coffee because you 're not used to having good coffee ? 
  i 'm confused now . 
  sorry for the diversion , shall we get back on topic ? 
  the original topic was less confusing . 
  in the meantime , i 'm getting another coffee in the hopes that will stimulate my brain enough for things to make sense again . 
  well , it * technically * is , but oil and gas is about 50 % of russian income . 
  are we really to be afraid that it will give up half of its budget , just to spite us ? 
  besides , we have some decent amount of natural gas here in the netherlands as well . 
  w00t . 
  specifically , from the article :  europe accounts for around a third of gazprom 's total gas sales , and around half of russia 's total budget revenue comes from oil and gas . 
  moscow needs that source of revenue , and whatever vladimir putin 's geo-political ambitions , most energy analysts seem to agree he will think twice about jeopardising it . 
  short of an actual war , the consensus appears to be , europe 's gas supplies are unlikely to be seriously threatened . 
  that move will get him in court for treason , if he returns to ukraine at some point . 
  assuming it 's true . 
  that 's all nice and dandy , but their coffee is quite bad . 
  - [ 4th awesomest coffee nation in the world ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otve5ipmklg ), 
  besides , there 's positive examples as well , like the netherlands , which has lots of parties , of which quite a few big ones , where it 's very common to need a coalition of 3 parties . 
  two-party coalitions have been rare . 
  and it 's worked well , such coalitions tend to form centrist compromises , not fierce conflicts between extremes . 
  yanukovich was corrupt and willing to use violence on occasion , but he 's no putin . 
  ok , thanks for clarifying the word in context then . 
  carry on . 
  migrants or refugees ? 
  those are not the same thing . 
  our languages seem to be quite alike !, 
  i 've been to plovdiv and what i 've seen of it ( mostly the center ) it 's quite a nice city . 
  for bulgarian standards , very cheerful , modern and well-maintained . 
  even if the second step is hard and not done properly every time , does n't mean you should n't take that first step towards improvement . 
   euro-optimism !, 
  yay !, 
  ( not / s ), 
  the dutch also have lots of these things painted on the pavement instead of ( or in addition to ) signs . 
  these are commonly known as `` shark teeth '' which means that you have to yield . 
  ( i heard someone explain that * technically * they 're tiny yield signs , but everybody here calls them `` shark teeth '' without even making the mental connection to a yield sign ) . 
  still no * indication * that he was a terrorist . 
  `` no proof '' implies that they suspect that he 's a terrorist and/or have leads specifically suggesting it , but are n't * sure * yet . 
  as of now ( on nos.nl ) , they 're saying it might have been someone with mental health issues , or someone without a ticket , who did n't want to face the music . 
   specially importing one million per year are you suggesting that we check that everybody who enters the country will * always * buy a ticket before entering a train and/or has never had diarrhea ( and is n't planning on starting ) ? 
  i 've rushed into trains before , at the last moment before they left . 
  i have rushed into toilets before due to poorly-foreseen circumstances . 
  i have been in situations where i was stuck in a place where if i left , i 'd have to face people who are very upset with me , specifically even over something i did n't realize was a big deal .
