  what russia did was the international war equivalent of a hipster slapping someone else in the face and yelling : `` it 's just a prank , bro ! '', 
  when it looks like that will get them punched in the face in return . 
  i did n't even realize initially that they were having a problem with that sentence . 
  it 's a common turn of phrase simply meaning : `` go away . '', 
  how the fuck is defending your borders * against russia * considered `` provoking war '' ? 
  if a warplane flies over another country 's airspace , it deserves to be shot down . 
  not shooting it down is considered a courtesy . 
  turkey warned that plane often enough that it would not be granted that courtesy . 
  the pilot chose his own fate . 
  precisely . 
  there might be some skirmishes on the turkish border , but nato forces wo n't feel the need to dive deep into russia , nor will russia fly troops to the washington dc , if the us decides to help turkey . 
  it will , however , have the effect that turkey does n't have to worry about russian invasion or even losing territory it . 
  which would have sounded far-fetched a few years ago , but look at what they did to ukraine . 
  how does that not hold water ? 
  the plane was circling around in the area . 
  one warning every 30 seconds seems feasible . 
  what is your problem , exactly ? 
  it violated airspace after several warnings . 
  why does that not look good for turkey ? 
  the jet got what it deserved , and for which it was warned several times . 
  defending turkey is not the same as marching onto moscow . 
  he had already taken quite a few steps in a dangerous direction before he took that last , fatal step into actual turkish territory , though . 
  he either knew what he was doing , or he should n't have been flying that plane in the first place , the responsibility for which is entirely russia 's . 
  nato is nato and article 5 is article 5 . 
  if russia attacks turkey , we should back turkey up , immediately . 
  that is what nato is for . 
  if politicians are openly doubting whether they would * feel like * doing that , then we really should disband nato the very same day , because it 'll be completely pointless . 
  which is why putin should respect other countries ' sovereignty , including their airspace . 
  maybe the warnings were * before * he entered the airspace ? 
  like : `` watch out , you 're nearing our airspace , do not enter it , or you will be shot down '' that would be considered a warning , right ? 
  really ? 
  shit , that sucks balls . 
  sorry about our involvement in such shitty schemes . 
  it should n't have happened , and people are working to fix it , i 've been told . 
  isis does n't have the army , technology , air force and the industrial prowess of the german third reich though . 
  if the us and uk would be able to defeat hitler without stalin , but at a slightly higher financial cost , they would have done that . 
  isis can be bombed with or without assad 's help . 
  it would just be a little easier if he assisted . 
  but not much . 
  plenty of normal people are welcoming to the asylum seekers and want to help them if it 's not too inconvenient . 
  they do n't tend to shout very loudly though , compared to the xenophobes . 
  have you been watching the history channel ? 
   i think it 's finally time to acknowledge that with an enemy like daesh it really does n't matter if we have to support assad to help wipe them from the face of the earth yes , it matters . 
  let 's not pull an america and throw our principles and standards out the window once an attack happens . 
  supporting a genocidal dictator who is at war with his own people , so he can help you kill some people you do n't like is a ** terrible ** idea . 
  you have many more options of communicating and influencing the people that rule your country , than a commoner had in the 1920s . 
  you have many more options in terms of food , communication , travel , housing , jobs , etc. 
  than in the 1920s . 
  the distances you can * fly * across the world now , as a commoner ( e.g. 
  50th percentile of wealth ) after * x * hours of working would have been completely unfathomable back then . 
  as well as the idea that you could have a random , arbitrary discussion about an opinion with a complete stranger who lives on a different continent * in real time * . 
  freedom comes in lots of different forms . 
  edit : let 's also not forget other freedoms , such as the freedom to not only easily choose any job that you like and are suitable for , for the freedom to loose that job and not worry about your housing , healthcare and food on the table until you find another job . 
  not every western nation has that to the same extent , but if you compare it to the situation in the 1920s , then we 're living in quite the awesome time indeed . 
  do n't forget that decades ago , europe also had less freedom and equality . 
  due to influences of christianity and old-fashioned prudism in general , [ alan turing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alan_turing ) was tried and convicted for being a homosexual , causing chemical castration and his suicide , a mere six decades ago . 
  all three star wars movies came out closer to alan turing 's conviction and death , than to today . 
  but look how far we 've come . 
  freedom , science , knowledge , comfort , wealth and progression . 
  the progress of freedom and equality only goes one way . 
  with races , countries , women and sexiality , over the course of centuries , one after the other victory has been made . 
  sure , sometimes , it seems a bit like the index for an entire stock market , tiny little squigglies up and down if you look at day-to-day results , but if you zoom out , it only goes one way in the end . 
  even large market crashes are eventually overcome . 
  the bigger issue here is that not all places or peoples are at the same level of progress or the same speed of progression . 
  for example , iran looked to take a big step backwards when the islamic revolution overthrew the sjah . 
  but , the previous situation was unattainable as well , due to corruption and foreign influences ( i 'm oversimplifying ) . 
  but , more importantly , younger iranians these days ( sub-30s ) seem much more moderate and tempered than their previous generations . 
  in that sense , they 've made progress in the same direction as europe has over the last half-century , except they started from a different place , so it 's been a different struggle for them . 
  in the end , though ... the more knowledge , cooperation and science the world has , the less power religion has over people . 
  whether you like it or not , this is a trend we 've consistently seen over history . 
  so , i wo n't tell you to feel one way or the other , i 'm just optimistic about the future , myself . 
  do you also * choose * to have the tsa assrape you when you want to fly somewhere ? 
  just as an easy example : if even a little bit of the tsa 's invasiveness and budget was applied to improving road safety , a * huge * amount of lives could be saved , while people could still * choose * to drive . 
  we should n't * overreact * to such an event , because : - it 's impossible to be 100 % safe from them and - they are very rare , as is . 
  for example , in the us , they went completely nuts and overboard after 9/11 , while they have * horrible * driver 's education and thus , safety , and an obesity epidemic , which is also killing * huge * amounts of people , yet nobody in the us gives a fuck about that . 
  i hope france does n't follow that example and instead keeps it priorities straight . 
  fortunately , crossing the street , even carefully , in a place where cars can be found is still * way * more dangerous than any terrorist threat . 
  wheat bread from supernarket in the midwest as well . 
  all that stuff was sweetened . 
   but you 've got sprinkles , you say ? 
  what does it look like ? 
  it 's best to use the google image search : [ hagelslag ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=hagelslag&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch ) . 
  or here 's an expat explaining hagelslag in their blog : '' [ stuff dutch people like ] ( http://stuffdutchpeoplelike.com/2011/03/06/hagelslag/ ) '' although from reading that last page , i understand * somewhat * how putting chocolate sprinkles on bread as an adult for breakfast might seem a tad odd to a foreigner . 
  it 's good stuff though . 
  tl ; dr both the terrorists and xenophobes won . 
  humanity and compassion lost . 
  ah , hehe , no , i did n't catch it in time . 
  the thing is , though , before i moved to the us , i knew they replaced sugar with hfcs in quite a lot of things , so i expected it in e.g. 
  cola , but ... 
  so , tasting `` normal '' supermarket bread for the first time there l , and it being quite sweet was a culture shock for me . 
  the same with ( spreadable ) butter being salty . 
  in nl , we use butter/margerine to `` glue '' toppings like cheese , meats or chocolate sprinkels to the bread . 
  you can imagine that adding a bunch of salt to that would fuck up the taste . 
  and it does . 
  well duh , give someone some extra money they did n't actually earn while giving them an excuse to not feel weird or guilty about receiving charity money from a stranger , and they might appreciate it . 
  it 's still messed up , though . 
  do you tip british bus drivers as well ? 
  why not ? 
  how about supermarket cashiers ? 
  i was gon na say this .
