  no place has literally zero crime rates , there will always be criminals and crazies . 
  come on now , it 's entirely reasonable for the crime of `` mocking the police '' to be punishable by death . 
  unless they are , though . 
  i 'm an atheist and i say merry christmas . 
  it 's a holiday , not a religious ceremony . 
  from what i heard , `` happy holidays '' is more done to respect the jews , who have a distinctly * alternative * feast of chanukka . 
  here in holland , i know plenty of people who are either explicitly atheist or just do n't care about religion , but * none * of those shuns christmas nor has a problem with saying `` merry christmas . '', 
  you meant `` orientation '' like in the `` orient express '' ? 
  edit : that one goes to istanbul , i was confused instead with the siberia express , which is the russian train thing . 
  damn , it 's all a mess now ... 
  who cares ? 
  everyone who ever tried to fuck me , has shaken my hand at some point . 
  does that mean i should never shake the hand of people i do n't want to fuck ? 
  it 's because the people who initiated the referendum used that as main points in the promotion video for it . 
  knowing full well that that would motivate the eurosceptics who do n't know shit about ukraine nor the eu , to sign their stupid petition . 
  ** the association agreement is not about expanding the eu nor about ukraine joining the eu !, 
  ** goddammit , i hate geenpijl for spreading this fucking bullshit . 
  having you seriously looked into how decision-making works in europe ? 
  it 's * very * democratic . 
  decisions are being made by directly elected meps , or by national governments that are elected by the individual countries , etc. 
  people whining about it being undemocratic is like someone from utrecht complaining that people from amsterdam also get to vote on national issues , instead of just them . 
  worse even , people from amsterdam get * more say * in national matters than utrecht ( since they have more citizens , thus voters ) . 
  tough titty . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  democracy does * not * mean that you always get your way . 
  why would you vote no against the association agreement ? 
  it literally has * zero * disadvantages for us dutch . 
  please disregard the nutcase . 
  it 's a stupid protest action done by populist retards and rebellious teenagers who like sticking it to the man without remotely having a clue what they 're talking about . 
  the `` referendum '' is n't binding anyway . 
  you could just answer the actual fucking question on the ballot . 
  they lost part of the country because putin is an aggressive cunt . 
  they did not lose a part of the country because they wanted to trade more with the eu . 
  what you 're saying is like blaming a murder victim for looking like they 'd have enough money in their wallet to be worth the effort for the violent psychopath they happened to run into . 
  not wanting to be putin 's bitch is considered `` nationalist intoxication '' ? 
  as a dutchman , i 've been to holland , michigan in the past . 
  it was hilarious . 
  it reminded me of how tiny , quaint little dutch towns were back in the 50s or earlier , according to books i 've read . 
  with a little bit of amsterdam facade ( gevel ) architecture thrown in for a weird contrast . 
  i was also shocked by how hyper-religious a lot of people in holland , mi were , compared to how apathetic to religion the actual dutch are and have been for quite a few decades ( in the 50s and 60s though , there were `` columns '' of either protestants , catholics , etc , with their own schools , own sports clubs , own unions , etc ) . 
  it made me wonder whether they were either stuck in a long distant dutch past , or whether they were actually bullied out of the country for being creepy , over-religious weirdos . 
  if they 're foreign , and their preaching is considered hateful or dangerous , they are indeed banned or refused entry . 
  this has actually happened before . 
  however , if the preacher in question is born in the netherlands , then there 's very little you can do . 
  you ca n't banish a dutch person from his/her own homeland . 
  fundamentalism is n't healthy . 
  not in religion , nor when pursuing free speech . 
  absolute and total free speech is n't better for people than a balance/compromise is . 
  a balance that most countries have , including france , the us and germany . 
  there are just slight nuances about * exactly where * that balance should be . 
  please do n't compare a man getting a blowjob from a horny intern to a man ordering his nation 's military to invade another country . 
  i know you 're mostly just talking about the semantics , but it 's still a messed-up comparison . 
  i do n't . 
  it 's pointless and distracting . 
  and depressing . 
  the sub itself is n't . 
  it 's just that for normal , sensible people , it 's just too pointless and tiring to respond to the small but vocal band of shills that patrol that sub . 
  i up - and downvote just fine , though , since that does n't get me stuck into a pointless discussion lacking common sense . 
   but look at how dismissive western european politicians are over the territorial concerns held by russia 's eu neighbors . 
  these countries are already in the eu . 
  expecting the western eu powers to go to bat for a possible future member seems very unlikely , unfortunately . 
  can you clarify what you 're talking about here ? 
  because if you 're comparing the eastern countries ' reluctance regarding refugees , to the possibility of russia invading , then you 're being disingenuous . 
  refugees are individual people who have a human right to seek safety , of which only the details are being disputed ( do intermediate countries count , etc ) , and the objections to which are mostly economic . 
  hence the poorer countries complaining the most . 
  on the other hand , what is done to ukraine , for example , is a military invasion by a separate nation . 
  that 's a completely different matter . 
  if you 're talking about other issues such as [ the kidnapping of an estonian border guard from estonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eston_kohver ) , then that actually is a serious matter , but i 've not gotten the impression that this is being dismissed by western european politicians . 
  from the wikipedia article in question :  the european union reiterated in march 2015 that kohver had been `` illegally detained '' in lefortovo prison and deprived of the legal support , and called for his immediate release . 
  us embassies in allied nations also have razorwire and armed guards . 
  why the hostility ?!, 
  are you guys planning a war ? 
   if you do n't answer the questions they open a can of surstr\u00f6mming surely , there 's international anti-torture treaties that forbid this ... 
  that 's a whole different matter . 
  / u/xmachina seemed to imply that the question in the referendum was complicated because it 's four lines long , that 's what i was disputing . 
  in fact , the document ( the `` plan of agreement '' ) * might * be incredibly simple and easy to understand . 
  it might just be a single line of text , but with a very complex title , and it would n't change the way `` the referendum question '' looked in / u/xmachina 's comment . 
  a loan that prevented cooperation with the eu as one of its conditions . 
  thereby putting ukraine further in putin 's sphere of influence , while making cooperation with the eu more difficult if not impossible . 
  that was what the population got angry over , basically choosing russia over the eu . 
  an important nuance being that eu had no problems in trading or cooperating with russia . 
  no need to exclude them . 
  that was putin , demanding the choice to begin with . 
  surely , you do n't think that the 400.000-800 .000 ukrainian protestors in kiev were somehow the work of some secret western force ? 
  that 's not how puppets work . 
  my bad . 
  [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe's_law ) in action , i guess . 
   poe 's law is an internet adage which states that , without a clear indicator of the author 's intent , parodies of extreme views will be mistaken by some readers for sincere expressions of the parodied views . 
  the eu/us did n't install anything . 
  you must be confused with yanukovich , who * was * a puppet , but for putin . 
  the difference is in various little things , but the easiest to spot is that a puppet might make decisions that are significantly * bad * for their own country , but * good * for the puppetmaster . 
  the document itself is complicated , but the question is n't . 
  the first part `` should the plan of agreement be accepted '' is enough for people , the second part simply clarifies * precisely which * document the question is about . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  the people said they did n't want a puppet of putin to lead them , putin said : `` oh yeah ? 
  if you defy me , then i 'll fuck up your country , after i take some of its best bits back for myself '' that shit is not on the eu , that 's all putin 's work . 
  the association agreement is about trade , cooperation and prosperity . 
  it 's completely harmless for eu countries , and it 's potentially very helpful for ukraine to combat poverty and corruption . 
  the reason those powned douchebags started a petition is because they wanted press for themselves , a toy to play with to fuck with national politics ( the referendum ) and since a refendum without a cause is even more pointless than the current one , they picked the first thing that came across their sights . 
  the worst part is that in their little speech to get enough signatures , they copied putin rhetoric verbatim that is so easily debunkable as bullshit that it 's extremely shameful that people from our country would even dare take that shit seriously , let alone start a political debate based on it .
