   according to leaks , cnn gave the debate questions to hillary you 're not claiming they did n't also give them to her opponent . 
  also , this is n't lying . 
   and also during the primaries they asked questions to bernie sanders about his religious views to make him less popular in certain states ( which was done by the clinton campaign 's suggestion ) . 
  first of all , religion is a huge issue in the us , so people care about that shit , even if they should n't . 
  more importantly though , it is again ** not lying . 
  ** cnn asking questions that * you * feel should n't be asked , but to which the american public * does * want the answers , and of which one specific cnn producer probably thought would get them some more viewers , is not the same as `` lying . '', 
  in an organisation as big as cnn , and considering the amount of data they put out , of course you 're going to find the occasional mistake . 
  but if your digging through such a huge amount of available work gives you these non-issues or tiny mistakes as ammunition for calling them `` liars '' then they must actually be a very reliable news source indeed . 
  except nuclear war does n't achieve any goals he has . 
  his goals may include more land for russia or whatever , but it surely does n't include `` turning russia into an uninhabitable wasteland . '', 
  for all the people bitching about how we should fear russia 's nukes : mutually assured destruction works both ways . 
   the man raped a child in the united states . 
  france merely rewards him because he managed to escape . 
  innocent-until-proven-guilty . 
   you know very well what the appropriate thing to do is , and this is why you extradite to other countries in the eu . 
  other countries in the eu respect similar core values , as cemented in ( a.o. ), 
  the [ european convention on human rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_convention_on_human_rights ) which includes , for example , not having a death penalty , unlike e.g. 
  iran , russia or the united states . 
   france is * actively doing this now * , actively-shielding criminals of french nationality who have fled to france from around the world , some who have performed rather unpleasant crimes . 
  again , innocent-until-proven-guilty . 
  lastly , somewhat off-topic , but :  that was political posturing , and you know it . 
  as a citizen of the netherlands , go fuck yourself . 
  you do n't threaten an ally with military invasion because they happen be willing to burden the task of hosting an international court of law . 
  one politician saying that might be dismissed as posturing , but congress actually passing the fucking law is one nation sending a clear ( and hypocritical ) signal of hostility and aggression to another nation . 
  dammit , now i 'm sad . 
  hey , you 're really in the falklands ? 
  what 's the sentiment there about brexit / eu ? 
  yup , loved those . 
  although in fact , i found a place that next to studentski park ( in studentskigrad ) which was close to where i was staying , that had coffee for 20 stotinki . 
  and it was very nice coffee too , from freshly ground beans . 
  it also helped that it was nice and sunny ( although already a tad chilly ) when i visited , so it was nice to get a coffee from there , chill a bit in the park while drinking the hot coffee , browsing reddit on my phone , which i can now do affordably , thanks to the eu ( yay for max roaming prices ) , before getting a second cup of coffee to drink on the go , while walking to other parks and places . 
  edit : this is the place . 
  great coffee , and they seemed nice people . 
  popular with the students as well . 
  [ google maps link ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@42.6520709,23.3466886,3a,75y,197.17h,78.31t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1svqefw6ve65iqi8ymwashwa!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 ), 
  i was there a few months ago . 
  the parks are great , i particularly liked the other park \u042e\u0436\u0435\u043d \u043f\u0430\u0440\u043a ( south park ? ), 
  as well . 
  and as a thrifty , coffee-loving dutchman , i loved that i could buy coffee everywhere for incredibly cheap !, 
  i 'm fairly sure trump 's spokesperson would n't admit to 1 ) not knowing something and 2 ) being wrong . 
  i could have driven through 4 countries in that 400km ( including luxembourg , for the cheap fuel ) . 
  this implies we have a better sense of humour than finland as well ? 
  we 're on a roll this week ... 
   just by driving 400km * just * 400km ?!, 
  that is several countries !, 
  if it makes people feel more secure * without being a huge hindrance to all people involved and costing a shitton of money * , then it might be worth it . 
  but in my personal opinion , the negative effects are n't worth the feeling of safety . 
  besides , the feeling of safety is arguably bullshit . 
  it might make you feel slightly safer while going through the process , but it might ( incorrectly ) suggest to people that we live in a society where such things are needed . 
  should i feel unsafe if there are n't armed guards nearby ? 
  should i be nervous when i 'm on a train that * does n't * check id ? 
  no , you should n't feel unsafe to begin with . 
  we live in the safest time there ever has been in history , and europe is one of the safest places on earth . 
  yes , there are very few , if any , 100 % guarantees in life . 
  there is * always * the chance you 'll get killed from a weird circumstance you ca n't control , like a traffic accident or a terrorist . 
  but those are are * tiny * and people who bitch and moan about such unlikely things , and would gladly sacrifice their civil liberties for them , need some goddamn fucking perspective . 
  those are highways . 
  there is a shitton of smaller roads that have zero cameras . 
  source : live in enschede , drive through germany often enough for food-related errands . 
  it 's not an alternative , though . 
  this measure is a huge pain in the ass for both the companies and travelers and even anti-terrorism experts doubt it will help much at all . 
  it 's an information/power grab by a government in a moment when the populace might not object to being fucked because it 's still upset by * the news of * a recent attack in a different country . 
  until you do want to grab a train to antwerp to hang out there for an afternoon , and you forget your passport , because who the fuck carries their passport with them , and then you do n't get to travel . 
  all because some `` terrorist '' ( which poses a threat somewhere between being hit by lighting or fatally falling down a staircase ) * could * maybe travel somewhere as well and they would like that info . 
  edit : wait , i think i misunderstood your comment . 
  i thought you meant the measure was fine because you wo n't forget to bring your passport with you . 
   but if i have to choose between ending free movement , especially with eastern europe , and having the far right wing in charge fortunately , that 's a bullshit dilemma that 's not on the table . 
  i think many people agree with you . 
  i do . 
  it 's just that the uk is very stuck in old ways , with some of their systems . 
  for example , they have hereditary titles ( the lords ) that * actually * wield power . 
  that just seems nuts to me . 
  we have a king , and we love the doofus , but his position is mostly ceremonial , besides being great for pr , and greasing the international wheels of business with international tradde delegations , trips , etc. 
  if the king , with his hereditary title , would try and influence the political balance of power in a noticeable way , the people would be outraged . 
  tomato , tomato . 
  people who are not on here to spread propaganda or troll people . 
  i was n't talking about some lofty elite , but simply `` everybody minus the absolute bottom of the barrel . '', 
  that the guy would n't be annoying us legit users anymore . 
  relevant around this time of the yearly steam christmas sale , even . 
  haha , indeed . 
  i figured using the term `` secular deity '' would be enough to indicate i was being silly . 
  to be honest , after the thousands that are killed each year in traffic , including children , it 's crazy we still allow cars in our countries !, 
  although maybe risk and death is a normal part of life , and the mature thing is to weigh rational risks ( meaning : counted in numbers , not in fears ) against benefits . 
  cars kill a lot of people , but mobility is nice . 
  terrorists kill * very few * people in our humongous union , but it is nice to have rule of law , due process , innocent-until-proven-guilty , and avoiding discrimination . 
  not a terribly difficult dilemma , if you look at it calmly . 
  can you please be careful about whose name you use for swearing ? 
  there are also non-christians present , who might take offense to that . 
  better to use a more secular deity , like gabe newell ? 
  or matt bellamy ? 
  you know , do n't let them know we 've found out , but * i think * there might be an american or two occasionally hiding in our midst . 
  or to be upset about the distinction between the terms . 
  the meaning is the same : you wish the other person a good and happy time while they spend the time around the christmas days however they see fit . 
  in holland , people sometimes say `` happy holidays '' ( feestdagen ) because they are talking about * both * christmas * and * new year 's eve , which traditionally is also a huge celebration here ( unlike in the us , where many people barely care about nye . ), 
   offensive to jews , ( some ) muslims and anally retentive cunts ftfy . 
  christmas is not a christianity-only affair . 
  has n't been for a long time . 
  secular atheist here . 
  i celebrate christmas , as does almost everybody i know . 
  the only people i personally know that do n't celebrate christmas in some way , do so * for religious reasons * , i.e.
