  silly enough to be obvious nonsense . 
  nato 's very reason for existence is to protect its members from russian aggression . 
  in current-day europe , i do n't see countries needing that more than the baltics . 
  in short , nato exists to help you out . 
  suggesting that nato does n't care about protecting a nato country or its citizens is suggesting that nato completely reversed on its principles and no longer serves its function . 
  well , it 's cold here , i should wash my winter socks . 
  in the meantime , i have some excellent coffee to keep me warm , and this weekend i 'm going to visit my parents , where it 'll be nice to see their always-enthusiastic puppy , who is always happy to see me . 
  what the fuck is up with you ? 
   by the way , your odd phrasing of the question reminded me of this excellent musical number : [ bobby burns - from holland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzozuhywpms ) ( just play it , it 'll make sense ) . 
  nah , when i read my comment back after your first reply , i see how it could make sense that way . 
  i could have been a bit less ambiguous . 
  no , you misunderstood . 
  i 'm not accusing * you * of whataboutism , i 'm trying to explain the strange remark ( s ) from / u/eleitl to which you responded . 
   just add hominem . 
  hehe , that makes it sound like `` hominem '' is an ingredient for a cooking recipe . 
  seriously though , calling european countries `` vassals '' because they 're a member of nato is so outrageously absurd that it 's impossible to take you seriously . 
  either you are literally trolling , or you belong in / r/conspiracy . 
  stop feeding the trolls , please . 
  it only encourages them . 
  two giants ? 
  is russia bringing an ally ? 
  nato does n't `` expand . '', 
  instead , nato is invited into other countries . 
  huge difference . 
  if you wonder how important that difference is , ask eastern bloc countries whether it 's better if a pact `` expands '' to your country versus when a country `` invites '' nato to their country . 
  yeah , i do n't think putin like referenda where the * actual people themselves * have a say in the matter . 
  this is somebody repeating rt/putin propaganda bullshit . 
  there is no reasoning with such people . 
  if they would be open to reason and truth , they would n't be blindly repeating putin 's nonsense . 
  would that still apply since the entity they made that commitment to ( ussr ) no longer exists ? 
  move along people . 
  do n't feed the trolls , please . 
   help with the domestic situation that is absolutely not what nato is about . 
  there 's a reason that one of the rules of joining nato is that you ca n't have internal conflicts . 
  please stop repeating this nonsense . 
  nato has * zero * to gain form pissing off russia . 
  nato does * not intend * to piss off russia . 
  nato does what is best for nato itself , completely irregardless of whether it pleases putin or not . 
  it is * entirely russia 's choice * to get pissed off or not about what other countries do . 
  are you expecting other sovereign nations ( like montenegro or other european nato countries ) to determine their own national policies based on what hypothetically would please putin the most ? 
  whataboutism . 
  typically russian . 
  especially interesting that in a thread in / r/europe , about a country in europe , and putin 's reaction to this development in europe , the whataboutists still point to the us as not being perfect either . 
  you being in the eu is financially beneficial to you . 
  it comes with `` side effects '' , such as that you have to respect core values , such as human rights and helping refugees . 
  if you do n't like those side effects , you are free to leave , but you 'll lose the financial benefits . 
  a client state is something entirely different . 
  the countries from the warsaw pact were generally client states . 
  for them to decide things for themselves , as opposed to being ruled by moscow generally needed revolutions or similar massive events . 
  however , if e.g. 
  bulgaria votes with a large enough majority for parties that clearly state that they intend to leave the eu , then they could . 
  fortunately ( since i have friends in bulgaria , who are n't retarded , and would like the country to prosper ) this wo n't happen anytime soon , since most people still like being in the eu . 
  not simply that ... their lack of both empathy for other people and general respect for human rights is specifically what is bad about those countries , and what people are suggesting we change to here as well . 
  which , in my opinion , is a bad idea . 
  well , it apparently resonated enough that someone gilded you for it . 
  are you serious ? 
  i have a business . 
  one of my more lucrative clients was an asshole to work with , so much so that i dreaded it being them when my phone would ring . 
  at that point i realized it was n't worth it . 
  i cut them off , which cost me money but made me happier . 
  at * no * point during that did i resent that client for `` enslaving me through force of economy '' . 
  take some goddamn responsibility for your choices . 
  not just you personally , but ee countries in general . 
  it 's mostly hungary that they really wanted to get out of quickly . 
  to be honest , have you ever tried speaking hungarian ? 
  i do n't blame them wanting to escape that prospect . 
  especially if they already speak some german . 
   yet we 're just supposed to shut up and accept everyone that claims to be from iraq/syria no questions asked ? 
  please do n't be absurdistly black-and-white . 
  * the country * you 're from had an opinion about the iraq war , and * your country * now has another opinion which happens to be hypocritical , that was being pointed out . 
  nobody is suggesting that you have to shut up or that you should n't ask questions to verify that refugees are who they claim to be . 
  lastly , do i really have to explicitly explain that pointing out that * your country 's * opinion on syrian refugees , does * not * mean that you suddenly are or are not `` responsible '' for refugees outside of iraq/syria ? 
  that claim is so incredibly stupid that i do n't believe that you can read it again , slowly , without realizing it 's complete nonsense . 
  having said that , there 's also conventions about human rights and refugees that have been known and agreed to for a long time already . 
  to which you agreed when you joined the eu . 
   further , if you are going to take in immigrants , at least do it like canada or australia who carefully select economically useful immigrants with a high education . 
  they do not do this with refugees . 
  you are thinking of normal immigration . 
  yes , that is shameful of those countries . 
  but are we to follow the example of saudi arabia and the like ? 
  wait , are you assuming that all of the refugees will be stuck on welfare or minimum wage labour for life ? 
  i reckon that people that like isis would simply move from assad-controlled territory to one of the unfortunately-too-many isis controlled towns , not all of which are being fought over . 
  the ones that flee would probably not find isis a healthy alternative . 
  from interpreting the words , it would suggest that ethno-nationalism would be more in favour of preserving a certain way of life , while civic nationalism would simply care about the country as an administrative entity , regardless of cultural details . 
  i hope you do n't mind it getting stolen , because it does very clearly describe what 's wrong with a lot of these eu-sceptics that shout about democracy . 
  the uk comes to mind as well , where lots of people complain about democracy , while they opt-out of everything they do n't like and still have a huge influence over eu policy , slanting it in favour of the huge banking industry of the city of london . 
  my bad , i read over that too quickly , / u/aikah before you actually made a comment about what she considers herself to be , you indeed only corrected the factual little thing . 
  haha , are you suggesting that people that fled from assad , must therefore be pro-isis ? 
  that seems silly . 
  yeah , that first part is legit . 
  that 's an official video from them as well , it 's not hidden camera or anything . 
  and it 's mentioned in the documentary that the e-machines ( i think they 're called ) are real , but they 're not meant to lower your stress for money , they 're used to extract private information about you ( which is all documented ) since confessing your sins/troubles is what helps you feel better . 
  would n't it be hilarious if years from now it turned out that assad was bombing and torturing his own citizens at merkel 's request because she realized that germany slightly shrinking population and therefore lowering productivity could benefit from an influx of mostly-educated middle class people from e.g. 
  that would make / u/long-island-iced - tea seem very wise in retrospect . 
  not sure how the massive protests before the civil war started , would fit into that scenario though . 
   export the middle east problems to the balkan is a nightmare . 
  wait , are they bringing assad with them ? 
  yes , because respecting human rights is the same as `` wanting to flood europe with third world masses '' . 
  if you think human rights and european values are vague and obsolete then you 're welcome to leave . 
  you personally , initially , but if that 's the way the entire country feels , then * really * , please leave the eu .
