  speaking of traumatic moments in national histories , your username made me sad . 
  i do n't care about rainbows , i 'm pragmatic . 
  but wilders does n't deal in solutions , he deals in fear . 
  even if you 're ok with treating a whole group of society as a lower class because of their religion ( which you ca n't do because of the constitution ) , nothing of what he has suggested thusfar would solve any problems . 
  he does n't have an answer for the number of radicalized muslims in nl , he does n't have solutions for better integration of dutch citizens of foreign ethnicity , he does n't have solutions for financial or other social issues . 
  he just bitches and moans that the country is going to hell and that you should vote for him , because he will solve everything be being a dick to everyone , first and foremost the other politicians . 
  this makes me sad . 
  this makes you part of a problem ( populism ) , but not part of any solutions . 
   when you see [ ... ] more frequently either collect serious statistics and analyze those , or gtfo . 
  ( or link to serious articles that have done this work already . ), 
  what you 're describing is merely an indication of what the media thinks gets them more clicks on webpages or views per show . 
  i have now read about one case about one woman . 
  yes , i see now how apparently , here in europe `` the women get beat for not wearing '' their headscarf . 
  not like you just found a single anecdote in an area of 800 million people . 
  meanwhile , if i google , i can find multiple examples of football hooligans instigating violence . 
  does that mean i should be afraid of all the hooligans being out to get us all ? 
  there are actual people whose job it is to monitor such trends , people who combat individual cases , and people who create policy to decrease the future likelihood of such cases happening . 
  i 'm neither of those people . 
  are you ? 
  different topic . 
  was n't mentioned in the article . 
  the original from the 90s was about 15 million . 
  i agree , i 'm not touching statistics , nor making any claims whatsoever . 
  i 'm merely saying that * there are no claims * either in the article , or ones that you could base off of just this article . 
  hehe , you 're right . 
  i remembered that song and figured it 'd probably be a tad more even since that came out . 
  apparently , i 'm a little behind the times though . 
  thanks for saving me a trip to wikipedia . 
  i 'm sure there 's people whose job it is to figure that shit out . 
  it 's not my job though . 
  more importantly , again , the article makes no mention of any of this . 
   are these the things they get beat for not wearing ? 
  are we talking about the capitol of a modern , western-european country ? 
  or are you confusing paris with a village of goat herders in rural afghanistan ? 
  you 're free to piss off if you do n't like it here . 
  or vote for one of the silly parties of your country . 
  like the pvv in holland or ukip in the uk . 
  not to mention that the uk has also benefited from rules like the free movement of people . 
  people who have moved to the uk from within the eu have contributed more to the economy than they 've cost the uk . 
  google the studies if you want exact numbers . 
  that 's not at all what the article says . 
  out of a nation of 16 million , * six * people were convicted . 
  in no way whatsoever does this indicate any kind of trend or increase of anything . 
  it 's an individual court case . 
  just like 1994 did n't indicate a sudden , sharp rise in `` american black celebrities murdering white women . '', 
  i 'm confused . 
  why the sarcasm ? 
   the two hecklers -- not believed to be affiliated with the left-wing party -- reportedly left after socialist mp jean galvany publicly defended mrs ibn ziaten on stage and asked them to leave . 
  two crazies who had nothing to do with the actual parliament or any of its parties yelled something at someone who was wearing an islamic symbol . 
  this is n't news . 
  i 'm annoyed with you for wasting my time . 
  especially when your title half implies that someone * from the parliament * booed here . 
  if you 're born in kosovo , you 're a kosovo citizens , are you not ? 
  i simplified because op mentioned `` germany '' , has an eu flag for flair and talked about the `` european refugee and immigrant '' which is more of a crisis in the ( western ) eu than in kosovo or serbia . 
  people who are born in the eu are not immigrants nor refugees . 
  even if they look or act differently from you or me . 
  even today , it means something completely different in the us versus its meaning in the uk , for example . 
  it 's an ambiguous word , at the moment . 
  especially on an international website like reddit . 
  except if you 're born in britain , you 're british . 
  if your parents were immigrants and proud of their country , and your skin is brown and you have a religion that the populists do n't like , still does n't mean that the uk gets to deport its own citizens . 
  that 's not how citizenship works . 
  i 'm not saying one should go easy , or not punish or whatever . 
  but you can not deport your own citizens . 
  even if they 're muslims . 
  i think the word you 're looking for is `` populists '' . 
  there 's nothing `` right-of-center '' about a lot of the economic bits , like keeping all the old-people services and safety nets in place , like european populists are also suggesting . 
  that is * very * left indeed . 
  like e.g. 
  wilders/pvv in the netherlands , who is far-right for social policies , but far-left for economic policies . 
  he 's about as far left as the named-after-former-communists socialist party on many fronts . 
  i do n't know * any * fellow dutch who do n't wash their hands after taking a shit . 
  if you do know any , feel free to slap them on my behalf , that 's fucking gross . 
  after peeing though , opinions vary . 
  if you 're not properly washing with soap , then why rinse , without soap ? 
  hygienically speaking , it has zero benefit . 
  if you did n't get pee on your hands either , then why rinse ? 
  do you get the * feeling * of being cleaner from it ? 
  why rinse them then ? 
  unless you 're rinsing actual , smelly pee away , rinsing has zero benefit . 
  your hands are n't getting cleaner , only wetter , which bacteria generally do n't mind . 
  in fact , even worse , if you use a towel afterwards to dry your hands , you 've made your dirty hands wet , and now you 're wiping your dirty , wet hands on the towel , getting the towel filthy . 
  if you only use the towel after you wash your hands ( with soap ! ), 
  then you only use the towel using the cleanest hands can get during the day , and the towel will stay much cleaner , instead of people like rubbing poop and piss particles all over them nonstop . 
  ps c :\\ \\  wash-hands, 
  do people , who are not familiar with the intricacies and nuances of the us often use `` alabama '' instead of the more accurate `` us '' ? 
  i did n't think so . 
  a more accurate analogy would be using `` holland '' to describe the netherlands , which most dutch are fine with , except for some crazy half-belgians in the deep south . 
  tomato , tomato . 
  surely , you know what the intent was . 
   but hey , it 's no fun if there 's no circle jerk . 
  please do n't be sarcastic about reddit or subreddits as a whole , because there might be a few people that repeat a certain opinion . 
  i am so completely fed up with this cynical complaining about circlejerking . 
  if you only would have said the first sentence , your comment would have been insightful , added information , and deflated the comment above you , but the second sentence just makes you look like a sarcastic asshole , of which there already are too many . 
  sorry for spending this much text on such a small thing , but i just got fed up for a moment . 
  you 're not doing your username justice . 
  really ? 
  how were the public services ( or its employees ) functioning after the us government shut itself over a stupid political squabble ? 
  yeah , we 've been mocking belgium * for years * but nobody listens to us . 
  it flew knowingly ( because : warned lots ) into a nation 's airspace , knowing that that violation would get it shot down ( because : warned lots ) .
