  the us was . 
  they gave in to fear and aggression . 
  the terrorists won . 
  true , but it 's a hell of a lot easier fight off russia , * with * the us . 
  besides , do n't forget what sun tzu said about the art of war : the supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting . 
  by having nato ( including the us ) stand together , russia * will never have to be fought off * . 
  america was never in danger as a country . 
  you did n't get invaded , you did n't get attacked by any other nation . 
  if you would have calmly kept going on , instead of sitting on your ass and crying , then your economy would n't have tanked as much as it did , either . 
  a bunch of criminals killed a bunch of people . 
  yes , that sucks , but it has nothing to do with article 5 . 
  did you hear the british cry and yell for years after the 7/7 bombings ? 
  did they invoke article 5 ? 
  no , because they 're not hysterical pussies about that sorta stuff . 
  well , your or our law systems care less about precedent than what is written in the law books , but americans in particular indeed seem to think that precedent trumps original intent . 
  of course , if such an attack were part of some sneaky russian invasion plan , it 'd be entirely different than if it was the work a small group of fanatic nutcases in a desert somewhere . 
  that article 5 was complete bullshit , though . 
  and the rest of nato went along with it , out of sympathy for the hyperventilating , scared shitless us , and to not piss off the biggest nato ally and global trade partner . 
  but really , it 's a huge embarrassment that the us felt the need to invoke article 5 because of a terrorist attack . 
  it 's not like the us needed its nato friends to fend off an invasion . 
   average seems to be queen and obviously if you have monies then california king size . 
  those are dual occupancy though , right ? 
  i mean , designed for two people to sleep next to each other ? 
  it seems weird that you only have one single-person size ( too tiny for this 1,90 m/6 ' 3 '' dutchman ) and then you go to dual-person sizes , instead of larger single-person beds . 
  as if you do n't have tall people not-sharing a bed , or small people wanting to cuddle together . 
  weird . 
  can you link the article that you quoted ? 
  also , i wonder whether it uses the `` normal '' definition of rape , or the weird one that sweden uses , just to make sure we 're on the same page . 
  back on topic , i never claimed to know anything about how the finns handle rape cases , i 'm just saying that the us specifically is a really bad example . 
  and comparing yourself to the us in terms of incarceration rates and whatnot will always make your country look good , and make your sentences look short , unless you 're some third world shithole . 
  and even then ... by the way , do n't see this as a generic `` european hating the us '' rant . 
  the us is a lovely place with many redeeming features and some very unique outlooks on things . 
  but specifically your justice system is * really fucked up * . 
  where or how have i suggested that rapists or murderers should n't go to jail at all ? 
  i 'm just saying that being imprisoned for several years is a serious punishment for a crime and it seems weird to trivialize it by calling it `` like nothing . '', 
  this seems wrong , somehow ... 
  you try sitting in jail for 5 years ( or even half that ) and then be casual about it . 
  be deprived of your freedom for years is nothing to sneeze at . 
  people like you are the reason we have experts deciding on sentences , not the gut feelings of the populace . 
  well , you do n't have to guard the teacher 24/7 to make sure they do n't run away . 
  it makes perfect sense that holding a person prisoner would be more expensive than a relatively lowly-paid worker . 
  you seem to have dropped this ( i hope ) : / s [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law ) seems to apply here . 
  edit : linked the wrong wikipedia, 
  the collective opinion , expressed through elected politicians is that : `` important , complex decisions like this should be handled by experts , not gut feelings of laymen '' which is a very good thing . 
  because look at the horrible clusterfuck that is the us when you let revenge and gut feelings of the populace directly determine such policies . 
  the us has a fucked up justice system that relies more on game theory than on actual innocence vs. guilt . 
  ( plea deals , combined with high bails and a felony conviction ruining any professional future you might have . ), 
  combined with extremely long sentences and complete disregard for reintegration into society means that they have the 2nd highest incarceration rate of the world , bested only by the tiny island nation sechelles . 
  ( [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_incarceration_rate ) ) . 
  the us is a * very , very bad * example when it comes to how or why to put people in prison . 
  does n't mean it 's not shameful . 
  rape is also as old as war itself . 
  does n't make it ok . 
  the refugees that i 've heard of , that got accepted into the country , went through the process and got allowed to stay , are actually above-average productive workers , because they 're grateful to be able to do so . 
  however , the people in e.g. 
  calais do n't have that option , since they do n't even have requested asylum , let alone gone through the process to establish asylum . 
  that process , that gets mentioned , by the way , yes , determines whether their claim is legit , whether they have a good reason to be on the run , to wish refugee status , and whether they deserve to stay . 
  that process can take years , which is why it * matters * in which country you do this , and why it can make sense to first try to get into your country of preference ( e.g. 
  because of family ) before going into this procedure that can potentially take years , during which you 're stuck in one place . 
  and everyone has refugees that are going through that . 
  the uk is the exception here . 
  and to think that they 're afraid of being `` overwhelmed '' or there being `` dire consequences '' if they `` let them in '' ( allow them to request asylum ) is silly , since they can look to any other nation around them for examples on how it 's perfectly possible to cope with this . 
  they 're not immigrants , they 're refugees . 
  if they would n't be refugees , they 'd be sent back , regardless of whether the uk or france does it . 
  i * think * the problem that caused the jungle in calais , is that the refugees did n't want to register as such in france , because they wanted to try to do that in england . 
  the procedure is similar , of course , but if you have some relatives in one country , where you also already speak the language , then it makes sense you 'd prefer to go through the asylum seeking procedure there . 
  after all , it 's not like asylum seekers can simply travel through the eu to visit family or anything . 
  they 're expected to stay put in the `` asylum seeker compound '' as they 're called in nl . 
  you have to `` take every dirtbag '' , but just let them request asylum through normal means . 
  and the french government is doing you a huge favour by letting you setup border checkpoints * on french soil * . 
  if they had n't allowed that , they would be clogging up dover . 
  so , by letting you guys * use their territory * , they have inherited what would otherwise be an english town 's problem . 
  so show some fucking gratitude to them ( the french ) instead of yelling selfish shit from across your inherited-through-sheer-luck-of-the-draw moat . 
  ( unlike the dutch , who * create their own * water or land where they need it . ), 
  yes , that is why the german and french economies have gone down the shitter and society is drowning in all these refug -- no wait , germany has the strongest economy of the eu at the moment . 
  also , `` protecting '' borders suggests that the uk has a reason to fear them . 
  if you 'd give them a legit way to request asylum , they would be able to go through a normal , civilized process and either be granted asylum or denied without any need for a stupid `` calais jungle '' . 
  until a frenchman with brown skin does n't have id on him and gets put in jail for it . 
  quit your bitching . 
  this whole problem is caused by you guys opting out of the shengen agreement . 
  if you look at how many people are at calais ( 6 thousand ) , the uk would be able to handle those just fine . 
  it 's a big enough country ( 65 million people ) . 
  but instead , you let the town of calais ( 70 thousand people ) deal with it . 
  despicable cunts . 
  yes , let 's send a sternly written letter to the government of africa , demanding money for something that will help prevent people moving from european country a to european country b. 
  that makes sense . 
  good point . 
  communication . 
  that letter infuriates me . 
  it is so incredibly arrogant , patronizing and blatantly ( trying to be ) manipulative . 
  like , so soon after the whole brexit shitstorm , playing the `` eu vs national sovereignty '' card ?!, 
  who the fuck do you think you 're fooling , apple ? 
  it does n't * network * on a social level in brussels . 
  a cocktail party is hardly a bribe . 
  let alone a debate or conference . 
  that is such bullshit . 
  the money comes from europe , it 's taxes on profits being made in europe . 
  the fact that apple then transferred these profits to the us does n't suddenly make the company untouchable . 
  apple is a business operating in the eu , making profit within the eu , and should pay taxes over it . 
  and if it was too stupid to realize that a deal it made with ireland would n't hold up to scrutiny then too fucking bad .
