  that 's a huge problem , if you feel there 's a reason to think that . 
  it 's absolute nonsense . 
  what would benefit eu countries the most , in a cold , hard cash kind of way , is prospering eu members . 
  eu countries that do great , contribute more money into the eu than those that struggle . 
  eu countries ( or external trade partners ) that are wealthy , buy lots of stuff from eu countries . 
  and so on . 
  and besides there being lots of financial reasons to want to see greece do well , * you are also part of our team !, 
  * you are eu and we are eu . 
  of course we want to see our eu members do well . 
  the kind of shit you hear people talking about greece when it comes to the financial crisis is not because of you want bad stuff on an enemy . 
  it 's the kind of talk you might hear in a family where someone is pissed off that they 're asked to help out a brother , because they did something stupid and need help . 
  even if the situation is more complex , and regardless of whether it 's * completely * their fault or not , you 'll still hear grumbling and annoyance * while helping that family member out * . 
  germany does n't have low wages , nor does that article claim that . 
  it has had some reforms in recent years in how wages are negotiated , which were sparked in part by the reunification with eastern germany , which has caused * real * wages to decline somewhat , whereas other countries , that did n't have a reunification did n't have that effect . 
  what germany has , is industrious workers , excellent education system and a long history of engineering and industry . 
  germans are boring and efficient . 
  * that * is why they have a lot of exports . 
  that the greek government may have spent that money on frivolous/corrupt things the people did n't see results from is not something the eu can help with , talk to your own politicians from that era about that . 
  but yeah , the eu took on the debt , and obviously , it would never have done that if it would lead to an endless and ever increasing debt . 
  nobody takes on a debt when it 's obvious the borrower is going to obviously fail anyway . 
  besides , the interest rates would be much lower ( did we even null it for a bit ? ), 
  if the eu either holds or guarantees the debt , which would make the loan easier and less costly to repay . 
  are you saying that germany exports a lot because of low wages in germany ? 
  that 's a weird thing to claim . 
  and greece did n't borrow money from banks , before the crisis , but from governments that do n't require interest ? 
  that 's also weird , since greek people kept complaining that the banks were getting bailed out with the greek rescue money . 
  so , are you at least saying that while you 'd like to keep complaining about iraq , the syrian refugees at least are ok ? 
  this makes no sense . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  the eu does have a border . 
  just like the us does . 
  have you tried walking north from there to see what happens when you go into canada without using one of the major roads ? 
  do you honestly think that the eu * wants * to see greece bankrupt ? 
  it is best for everyone in the eu , including greece , to have greece as properous as possible . 
  greece going bankrupt would be be bad for the eu , and bad for greece . 
  it 's crazy that you seem to think we 're not on the same side here . 
  we are on the same side , the eu is helping you . 
  we just want you to stop whining like a little bitch for not getting even more money . 
  before the crisis , greece borrowed a lot of money , * way * too much money , because of a combination of spending too much , and taxing too little . 
  then , greece had trouble paying it back , so the eu helped them out . 
  even if the eu had only guaranteed the loan , which lowers the interest rates and prevents bankruptcy in this case , that 's still a nice thing and being helpful . 
  if the eu also gave greece money , which would help them repay part of that debt , so they 'd have less debt , that 's also a nice thing to do . 
  ( and it * is * giving greece itself money , because it lowers interest rates in the short run and shortens how long you have to pay off in the long run . ), 
  but if the people of greece then complain , that the money sent to help greece pay off part of this mountain of debt , ca n't be used by the people of greece itself , to pay for other stuff besides the debt , is a fucking outrage . 
  yes , when you repay a debt , that money goes to whomever lent you the money . 
  if you repay a debt , you do n't get to keep that loan payment money to spend it * again * . 
  you 're phrasing the arab spring as a crisis that should n't have happened ? 
  so , people in the middle east deciding that they had enough of their dictators was 1 ) caused by us in the west , somehow and 2 ) a bad thing ? 
  also , they have very cheap and good coffee available in many places , like street corners and metro stops , which is bound to make people less grumpy . 
  `` refugee crime waves '' ? 
  that 's not how that works . 
  the people saw that money * before * the crisis , when that money was being borrowed and spent . 
  greek politicians decided to borrow and spend so much money that the country risked going `` bankrupt '' . 
  that 's not on the banks . 
  they at most were `` enablers '' for a money addict . 
  the banks are . 
  because they make money from lending others money . 
  that 's why they 're in the money lending business . 
  it 's like someone saying : did you know bars profit from selling alcohol to alcoholics ? 
  yes , because that 's the definition of that business . 
  borrowing money is n't free . 
  greece borrowed a shitton of money because they spent too much . 
  for that they 're paying interest . 
  this is primary school level understanding of basic financial concepts . 
  does n't mean the banks somehow `` forced '' greece to borrow more money . 
  greece did that on its own . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_women's_march https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/march_for_science, 
   eastern europe gave a lot in return for that cash . 
  like what ? 
  eu is run just fine . 
  autocrats/dictators do n't like sharing power , though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law always been the case . 
  it 's because written media does n't have non-verbal cues . 
   theyre hated because they compete for influence that 's the most ridiculous thing in the whole thread . 
  the uk sending troops to iraq , caused people in syria to rise up against their dictator al-assad ? 
  yeah , i 've noticed that . 
  to be honest , it 's even better when it 's * both * . 
  when people take it * really * seriously , and * really * want to win , and then just fully commit . 
  like , maybe it would be better if we add this or that outlandish thing !, 
  people like that , right ? 
  and then it just goes completely apeshit . 
  the common linnets and anouk were so remarkable * because * they deviated from said tradition of only sending silly artists to eurovision . 
  just because abba has been there in the past does n't mean [ 2010 's sieneke ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hda2ssm3bli ) was n't laughably shit . 
  and in my humble opinion , over the last few decades , sieneke has been closer to the norm than abba . 
  yup , and i just realized i misread your comment . 
  you do n't actually mention you had n't read the books . 
  my bad . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ whoops, 
  because that makes it fun . 
  also , because it 's such a silly festival of the retarded , genuinely great artists ( and in general , people who know what they 're doing ) do n't really want to be associated with it , let alone go there , which only enhances this effect . 
  oh , what i would n't give to be completely ignorant of hhgg again , and be able to once more read it with a fresh set of eyes . 
  you 're a lucky man ( or woman ) , / u/l3frenchy . 
  the quote that i was thinking of when i mentioned the book . 
  from its wikipedia page :  the us edition of the fifth book was originally released with the legend `` the fifth book in the increasingly inaccurately named hitchhiker 's trilogy '' on the cover . 
  yes , eurovision is a european affair , like how the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy is a trilogy . 
   unfortunately both of the bigger candidates buried themselves shortly before the vote what does this mean ? 
  do you mean that the 3rd party candidates `` got buried '' ? 
  voting 3rd party never counts in the us , because in your system , a 3rd party could never win . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7twhjfhiyo ) is one of cgpgrey 's first videos , explaining some of the problems with first-past-the-post voting . 
  in case people think that ww2 is so obscene and outrageous that it would n't happen again anyway , please remember that the same sentiment was in place after ww1 , and that the eu-less balkans fairly recently had some kerfuffle as well .
