  then you 'd have no place amongst us . 
  i do reckon that 's not because they hold beliefs concerning aliens in volcanoes but rather because scientology has a long history of trying to tamper with governments through infiltration of its institutions . 
  scientology is far from harmless . 
  i suggest you go watch the documentary going clear to get a bit of insight in their history and practices . 
  in summary : - believing = ok - sacrificing humans = not ok is that clear ? 
   there 's muslims that live in accordance to modern society in the same way as christians do . 
  in the same way as * most * christians do . 
  i know of orthodox/fanatical christians who 'd love to turn the clock back on quite a few modern laws if they got the chance . 
  i also know of orthodox jews who show complete contempt or even aggression for people that live their life in ways they find appalling . 
  it 's * fanaticism * that is bad . 
  which religion it 's based in does n't seem particularly relevant . 
  do they exist in syria , where these people are from ? 
  i reckon most refugees do n't have jobs while being held in refugee camps . 
  i think if people know that they ca n't phrase the meaning of their message literally , they ( at least subconsciously ) know that the actual meaning itself is n't meant to see the light of day . 
  that 's the time to realize you 're wrong . 
  he seems to make the assumption that most of the refugees are illiterate , fanatical poor people though , when it 's a regular cross-section of society that came . 
  if anything , slightly better-off middle class people are * more * likely to come here , since they 'd have more resources in terms of language skills and money to attempt the trip in the first place . 
  she grew up in the ddr since she was a little girl . 
  do you think she was talking about where she spent most of her life ? 
  or what is mentioned on her birth certificate ? 
  nobody is micromanaging arbitrary local decisions . 
  when hungary joined the eu , the core eu values , amongst which freedom of religion , were very clear . 
  the rules from the 1951 unhcr refugee convention were also crystal clear . 
  what the eu ( * not * just merkel , we the dutch also think that orban is a populist scumbag ) is telling hungary , is that it 's bound to honour those rules and treaties it agreed to . 
  orban , in the meantime , does n't give a shit about any of that , and simply caters to xenophobic , populist voters , which is in his own interest . 
  not even in the best interest of the country ( in the long term ) . 
  you are strongly suggesting that she is fanatical , because her parents did something that * with hindsight * seems very unwise . 
  do you not see how absurd that is ? 
   what i am saying that it is pretty stupid to say that you want more democracy when what you really want is just more power . 
  that 's one hell of a quote . 
  by most definitions i 've seen , she is . 
  we do n't even get called names ... :( after all the effort we dutch put in to come up with insults for the germans , this seems a tad ungrateful . 
  only nationalists get angry over `` different looking people '' influencing their culture when all rational , objective evidence shows that adding these people to the german population has a positive effect in terms of economy , productivity and such . 
  indeed . 
  and accepting core values like freedom of religion are part of that . 
  came here to say this , these are core values . 
  also , the separation of church and state , although i 'm not sure that 's officially part of eu values . 
  it should be . 
  politicians saying that a course of action is undesirable because it threatens religion * a * implies that that religion * a * influences if not decides government policy . 
  you do realize that * her parents * made that decision , without being psychic about the future ? 
  it seems hardly fair to pin this on angela merkel herself . 
  my bad , i read over your username too quickly after seeing the same flag . 
  germany gives more money ? 
  you mean : germany * has more employment opportunities * . 
  have you ever tried speaking hungarian , by the way ? 
  it 's very goddamn hard . 
  no offense to hungarians , but that language is a mess , very difficult to figure out . 
  have you considered that maybe these refugees already speak some german and would prefer to be in a country where it would be remotely possible to communicate in a language besides english ? 
  and do you think it 's fair that we would get approx . 
  zero refugees and both hungary and greece get hundreds of thousands ? 
  do you remember how hard we fought to keep greece from going bankrupt ? 
  do you want to make that all for nothing ? 
   realistically , no one is required to do anything , unless they want to . 
  yes , you are . 
  unless a country wants to go back on earlier agreements about basic human rights , for which you 'd basically be talking about leaving the eu , since human rights is one of the core principles of the eu . 
  you do n't have a problem with immigration ? 
  and yet you use blatantly biased and loaded terms like `` protecting our borders '' and `` the mongol horde invasion '' ? 
  what * are * you talking about then ? 
  keeping it vague like `` the issues '' is n't helping either . 
  `` defending their outer border '' sounds like a foreign army is coming . 
  eu countries have a moral and legal obligation to help refugees . 
  whether you have a fence at your border does n't change that . 
  it 's a populist bullshit tactic that looks shiny in pictures . 
  it has nothing to do with reality . 
   you do realize we are both living in member states of the eu , which is a non-democratic body ? 
  stop repeating that stupid phrase . 
  the eu * is * democratic . 
  the european council consists of the heads of state or government of the member states , meaning the democratically elected national governments , represented by its leader . 
  the european parliament consists of directly elected meps . 
  most other functions are decided by one of those two , or ( if important enough ) both . 
  how is that not democratic ? 
  haha !, 
  you expect russia to be less of a bully than the eu is ? 
  have you seen how much russia respects the wishes of other sovereign nations when they do n't 100 % align with russia 's ? 
  this is n't about migration , it 's about refugees . 
  populist shits like you think this is about `` do we allow foreign vultures to consume our welfare moneys ? '', 
  when it 's really about `` do we provide a safe haven for people who have fled from war '', 
  by that effect , if czech was the only country that would ignore the ban om blood diamonds , ivory from tusks and rhino horns for chinese `` medicine '' , the czech could make a huge profit there too !, 
  whataboutism . 
   the american model and the european model . 
  - there is no `` the european model '' since european healthcare systems vary greatly - the dutch system is * very * similar , in its essentials , to the american obamacare system ( or romneycare ) , but it 's executed properly and includes essential parts , like price caps on drugs and doctors , that the us seems to have forgotten . 
  i do n't know about aus , but the us government spends the same ( if not more ) tax money per capita on healthcare as the uk gov ` t. 
  so , per person , the uk people * do not * pay more in taxes for their all-included nhs compared to the us shit-outta-luck `` system . '', 
  inb4 waiting lists : you * can * still get private insurance/healthcare in the uk , if you want better/quicker treatment . 
  almost nobody does though , of course . 
  it would have prevented what is going on in ukraine . 
  both the annexing of crimea , and the russian troops fighting in east ukraine . 
  that 's an extremely absurd scenario , though . 
  there 's no way any country would let 200 parties register for the ballot . 
  regardless of whether the law would allow it , it just would never happen . 
  while the uk scenario is not only feasible , it * did * happen . 
  sooo ... refugees are cowards because they fled , instead of picking up weapons , to fight back ? 
  holland is the most common nickname for the whole country . 
  dutchmen who complain about the technicality if the word holland are pedantic , sad people who give out country a bad name . 
  tl ; dr calling the netherlands `` holland '' is normal and fine . 
  does ariane count ? 
  or did you mean * that specific * rocket ? 
  netherlands here . 
  we 're just one of many counterexamples to your silly theory . 
  sounds like y' all need amsterdam !,
