   they love cucumbers that explains the chopska salad . 
  and the ... tarator ? 
  ( am i remembering that correctly ? ), 
  they tried cheating to beat the netherlands , and still failed . 
  a butthurt belgian ? 
  quelle verassing !, 
  oh yeah , like the falklands , which are originally argentinean , of course . 
  you mean , unlike some others , who manage to hold on to their empire for centuries ? 
  the germans `` reserving '' poolside chairs by putting towels over them before their competitors are awake . 
  that whole argument is about * choice * . 
  you * choose * that your time is worth enough that you do n't want to fiddle with installing a battery yourself . 
  and that 's fine . 
  the right to repair means that people should * also * have the * choice * to repair it yourself , or to let a repair shop of your choice repair the item in question . 
  where you might consider it not worth your time , someone who is poor and saved a long time for that item , might want to be able to do it himself , even if it costs him an hour or two . 
   exactly , the point is , no matter what brand , batteries fail . 
  which is why it 's not a good idea to buy them from just any random company . 
  those two sentences contradict each other . 
   almost is absolutely not good enough for something that can randomly set my pants ablaze and leave me naked in the middle of the street or even send me to the er with some severe burns . 
  i should have clarified : the exception making me say almost is * not * about batteries being dangerous . 
  it 's about a battery that simply did n't hold its charge well , as long as it should have . 
  i 've personally seen a macbook pro ( $ 1500 + machine ) battery swell up to the point where it broke the laptop parts around it , and we all know how the samsung notes had issues with batteries . 
  the reason i bring this up is : the brand of the battery is no guarantee that it will be fine . 
  sometimes batteries fail . 
  but spectacularly failing batteries are like terrorist attacks : they make for sensational news , especially with pictures , but statistically speaking , are no danger whatsoever to regular people . 
   well , it 's not on them to follow its spirit . 
  that 's a sad and cynical way to look at things . 
  i also disagree with you . 
  it * is * on them to follow its spirit , especially when it 's blatantly obvious . 
  i just hope the courts agree , when relevant . 
  you mean the temple of zeus , right ? 
  that lincoln thing is just a blatant rip-off , the original is better . 
  besides the obvious reason that many weed smokers in amsterdam are tourists , the capitol also behaves differently than the rest of the country . 
  imagine the us . 
  the us has horrendous public transport , everybody just goes everywhere in their cars . 
  but if you 'd only visit nyc , you 'd be under the impression that 1 ) you can ( and many people do ) get everywhere by public transit ( e.g. 
  the subway ) and 2 ) almost nobody has cars . 
  in short , the total opposite of 99 % of the us . 
  also , there 's another factor at work : in most countries , weed smoking is a * covert * activity . 
  sure , young people with invincibility complexes will smoke in parks sometimes , but quite a lot , if not most weed smoking is generally done somewhere where random people walking around wo n't notice it . 
  ( in case those people are cops . ), 
  in holland , though , that 's not an issue . 
  there 's the issue of nuisance , of course , since weed smells annoyingly strong , but there 's no need to keep weed nor its smoking secret for legal reasons . 
  so you 're more likely to notice its presence in society . 
  because turkey does n't give a shit about a few dead from terrorists , especially if it 's in another country . 
  turkey cares about increasing erdogan 's domestic power . 
  we 're known for it being legal , not for it 's high use . 
  the two are not related . 
  visit holland , trade gulash for weed . 
  a refugee is something different from an immigrant . 
  and you do n't stop refugees with soldiers , you stop them by making sure they have a different safe place to go to . 
  also , look at it in perspective . 
  * how many * refugees are we talking about ? 
  and how many citizens does your country have ? 
  are you sure it 's not a non-issue that your government is stirring up to distract from actual , more difficult problems ? 
  `` a decade '' * is * very recently . 
  semi-modular ? 
  the cpu might be difficult to replace , but any laptop that 's not a thin `` ultrabook '' or whatever , you can replace the harddisk , ram and batteries of . 
  usually the networkcard as well . 
  so basically , everything besides the cpu . 
   how many people actually know how to or are even willing to replace a car battery ? 
  everybody that i know , that owns a car . 
   hard drives ? 
  they might ask me instead of doing it themselves , but yeah , no computer is getting tossed when only that shit needs to be replaced . 
  not from anybody that i know . 
   most of those are still pretty easy to replace yet most people could n't care less . 
  you know people that would `` toss '' a laptop/computer because the hard drive broke ? 
  you have weird friends . 
   all you can find nowadays are cheap chinese knock-off batteries , no way i 'm buying those . 
  your loss . 
  i 've bought `` chinese knock-off '' batteries for laptops , phones , etc , and they 've almost always worked perfectly . 
  and has capacity for receiving many americans all at once , apparently . 
  [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law )  poe 's law is an adage of internet culture that states that , without a clear indicator of the author 's intent , it is impossible to create a parody of extreme views so obviously exaggerated that it can not be mistaken by some readers or viewers as a sincere expression of the parodied views . 
  it 's illogical and counterproductive towards what 's best for society to value the feeling of revenge above what 's best for society as a whole . 
  however , that 's a long and complex sentence , so `` retarded statement '' was used as a summary instead . 
  no , it was n't . 
  i actually suspect they might be pakistani , since they do n't serve alcohol or have any pork on the menu ( and have a little pakistani flag next to the cash register ) . 
  i 'm kind of curious now what pork vindaloo would be like . 
  not looking before you open the door is negligence at best . 
  it was an accident . 
  it seems unjustified to used the word `` kill '' for this . 
  that makes sense . 
  if i 'd have a stroopwafelshop in india , and a rare fellow dutchman would stop by , i 'd give him a free treat as well , hehe . 
  the one i 've been to a few times is [ lasanie ] ( http://www.lasanie.nl ) , with the buffet . 
  a while ago , i asked the owner ( a very nice guy ) whether he had a little bit of vindaloo in the back , maybe as leftover from a takeout , so we could try that , since the buffet curries are always the same , and not only did he bring out a regular , full-size portion to our table , free of charge ( we already paid for the buffet ) but the next time i visited , months later , he recognised me , and brought us some vindaloo again , haha . 
  except that first time , we were with 4 people who all like spicy food ( so we all had some , besides the other curries ) , but that second time , there were 3 of us , of which i 'm the only one with a stomach strong enough to eat vindaloo , hehe . 
  so i did n't get to eat much of the regular buffet curries because i thought it 'd be rude to leave half a vindaloo . 
  oh , and i like their mango lassie , which is something i try now at every indian place i visit , especially when i plan to eat spicy curries . 
   for good south indian food , i can recommend sarvana bhavan in amsterdam . 
  i loved the place  interesting , that is walking distance from where my sister lives . 
  i 'll try that out soon . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  interesting . 
  a while back , i ate at a restaurant in amsterdam , where i had some very nice indian food , which was actually called `` nepalese restaurant . '', 
  it 's [ this one ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/place/kathmandu+kitchen+restaurant/@52.3699065,4.8814179,19z/data=!4m12!1m6!3m5!1s0x6b90ff5ebc4799bd:0x9610d00471b0e97b!2skathmandu+kitchen+restaurant!8m2!3d-28.2549887!4d153.5757354!3m4!1s0x0:0x12181ffc9080998b!8m2!3d52.370067!4d4.881547 ) . 
  would it be rude to ask you to try a few restaurants in nl ? 
  i know there 's a place in the hague that has a buffet option on weekend nights for $ 14,50 , which is a very good deal , especially if you like to have more variation of curries ( including saag paneer ) . 
   because in general if there 's an accident people will always assume it 's the bigger vehicle 's fault interesting , in holland ( where we have a huge amount of bicycles ) , that 's actually codified in law . 
  if there 's an accident between a car and a `` vulnerable '' traffic participant ( i.e. 
  pedestrian or bicycle ) then the `` burden of proof '' is upon the car driver , meaning that in practice , even if the bicycle misbehaved , you need very serious proof or your insurance will go up by quite a bit , since you 've `` caused an accident '' for insurance purposes . 
  it might seem a bit silly to have a discussion about insurance rates , but it does seem to make car drivers more cautious around bicycles , which can save lives .
