  in my personal experience , finnish tend to be more angry with russia than scared of them . 
  but my personal experience is limited . 
  it 's off-topic and distracting from the main topic . 
  it 's so goddamn difficult to have a discussion on * anything * related to russia without comments pointing to the usa for the same thing . 
  it 's even more annoying when the us does n't have a horse in the race in question . 
  a single thread ? 
  i have to wade through 3-and-a-half pages of whataboutism and people * complaining about * whataboutism to find the first on-topic discussion about russia 's actions in syria or specifically , france 's complaint . 
  as for this being reddit : the downvote arrow is specifically intended for comments that do n't contribute to the discussion or are off-topic . 
  it 's essentially in the charter of the site that / u/mcakkeezz 's type of comment is a shit comment . 
  it only seems fitting that someone cheering on a likely russian shill , has a problem with a fair and simple one-vote-per-person system , expressing their wish to tamper with it . 
  or maybe i 'm misinterpreting what you 're saying . 
  you tell me . 
  and maybe the same can be said for uganda . 
  or for italy . 
  or for singapore . 
  or maybe not ? 
  or , we can stay on topic and talk about russia and france , the two countries that this topic is about . 
  get the fuck out of here with your classic , formulaic `` but the usa is bad too ! '', 
  whataboutism . 
  whataboutism . 
  please visit independent fact checkers from time to time instead of gobbling everything up that your like-minded friends on facebook feed you . 
  then obviously , the us would have been following their leader france . 
  that 's how this works , right ? 
   now france is doing their bidding . 
  that is such a bullshit argument . 
  can i not agree with anyone anymore without being considered their lap dog ? 
  * your mother * is feisty !, 
  it literally is . 
  it 's also not in any way relevant to the topic at hand . 
  as a dutchman : no offense to you personally , but the us can go fuck itself with that fucking atrocious piece of shit of a law . 
  if some country feels that there is serious evidence that the us has committed similar war crimes , then let them complain to the un as well . 
  such an initiative or lack thereof has no influence on whether france has a point here about russia . 
  i am dutch . 
  i downvoted . 
  are you accusing me of being german ? 
  yes , that is correct . 
  now go and actually * read * the damn manual ( s ) . 
  a geiser does n't store water , it heats it up as it passes along . 
  so , unless the pipes of the companies supplying either water or gas to your house , dry up , you can use that thing to shower for 10 hours straight , if you prefer . 
  most of it is extra , optional information though . 
  the important bit is : - highest number is * really * warm - lowest number is * really * cold - middle number is in the middle , probably what you 'd want to not be really cold and not be really hot . 
  makes sense , no ? 
  the toothpaste ? 
  if part of brexit is france cancelling the treaty that allows the uk to have their border checkpoints * on french soil * , then all the lovely immigrants will have no problems walking to dover , and setting up camp there . 
  wait , are we talking about brexit or trump now ? 
  well , it would be closer to that figure if we pretend denmark is n't part of the eu anymore . 
  you need to learn some fucking history , boy . 
  what the germans did in the 40s , was a war . 
  what american did in iraq , was a war . 
  what was fought between the koreas was a war . 
  one terrorist attack on a boat , by a bunch of criminals , and a year later one other attack , albeit a big one , is * not * a fucking war . 
  then again , why am i even arguing this ? 
  your government claims trying to arrest drug dealers is a `` war on drugs . '', 
  why are we arguing at all ? 
  are you so hellbent on showing that poor little us was justified in being afraid of al-quada to the point that it made sense to call in for help from other allied countries ? 
  why ? 
  the uss cole was a year earlier . 
  not part of `` the 9/11 attacks '' afghanistan did n't fly those planes . 
  al-quada did . 
  afghanistan was run by a broke bunch of warlords . 
  all the taliban ( as government of afghanistan ) did , was let bin-laden live there safely and in peace . 
  they did enough horrible other shit as well to their own people , but they were * absolutely not * a threat to the us . 
  and they 're very much similar . 
  - several attacks simultaneously ( on the same day ) - in the capitol of the country - by islamic terrorists - meant to drive a wedge between white westerners and islamic people oklahoma bombing was none of those . 
  there were several planes hijacks , which i 've combined in the term `` 9/11 '' , instead of using the narrower scoped `` wtc attack . '', 
  the threats that afghanistan did make held little more credit than the shit that kim jung il shouted for years . 
  the only difference was that the us wanted some of its inhabitants ( bin-laden and buddies ) , which the us was n't going to get through extradition . 
  and no , 7/7 and 9/11 were fairly similar . 
  only different in the absolute number of people , and that no `` political '' buildings were hit . 
  russia is a country with millions of citizens and a large army . 
  al-quada was neither . 
   the financial crisis did n't start until 2008 , different crisis . 
   the dot com bubble bursting also different . 
  i 'm not even suggesting that time frame was officially a depression , or whatever , but the economy ( especially in ny ) was hit hard , and a large part of that was self-inflicted . 
   what was it like being in grade school ? 
  very nice , thank you . 
  although i do n't see why this is relevant . 
  i was a university student when 9/11 happened . 
   you mean the 7/7 attacks were nothing like 9/11 and a lot like the attacks that happened in the us where the police were left to handle it . 
  close , i mean * the reaction * to that attack was very different . 
  i 'm fairly confident that the us * would * step up to the plate if there 's a * serious * threat , like russia . 
  ( if russia would attack the eu/nato somewhere , they would n't be victorious in the end , of course , but it would * fucking hurt * ) they did when a huge , modern army took over a large part of europe , while it was still hurting from ww1 . 
  however , that does n't make silly things they 've done since then , less silly . 
   yes we did , we were attacked several times by a paramilitary terrorist organization that was being protected by the government of afghanistan which made them allies . 
  that is very goddamn far-fetched . 
  nato is meant to * protect * countries . 
  going to someone else 's country , to kill people there , as revenge for them financially supporting criminals , is a very different thing . 
   what the fuck is this shit even supposed to mean ? 
  where you to young too watch the news in 2001/2002 ? 
  i 'm * not * talking about 2008 , that was different . 
  in 2001 and 2002 , the economy of nyc was in the shitter and the national us economy was doing badly as well , as a result of the attacks and the us response to them . 
   this is the most stupid thing that has ever been put on the internet . 
  you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  yes , i do . 
  i 've lived in the us , around the time of 9/11 ( left shortly before ) and i know lots about the uk as they are our neighbours in europe ( not counting the water ) . 
  i 've also visited the us many times after 9/11 , including fairly shortly after . 
  and the way americans have en mass felt scared , aggressive and overall just emotionally base and weak-spirited is fucking sad . 
  the 7/7 bombings killed an equal percentage of the uk population as did 9/11 to the us . 
  yet , the british mourned the dead , trust that the police would get the guys responsible ( which they did ) and carried on , as much as they could . 
  ** the uk was not `` terrorised '' by the terrorists .
