  one thing about it though : i 'm not advocating we take a certain course of action for this man in question . 
  i 'm just saying we should let the professionals , who are experts in their fields and have all the information and context , do their jobs . 
  and if i misinterpreted that last part , what * did * you mean by it ? 
  * are you not suggesting we should elect a `` strong leader '' thus eroding the notion of representative democracy ? 
  * are you not suggesting that a specific group of people are `` less than human '' ? 
  * are you not suggesting we need to `` defend our land '' against a perceived threat , even though there is no actual , tangible threat ? 
  ( unlike ukraine , we do n't have neighbours with tanks lined up at the border . ), 
  * are you not suggesting that a strong leader `` step up to the plate and actually defend ... '' suggesting more direct action than what is being done , now ? 
  those are classic [ tenets of fascism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fascism#tenets ) . 
  i was n't comparing you to these dictators to be a spiteful cunt , you were * literally * suggesting tactics that are in a dictator 's playbook . 
   and your response is why europe is in so much trouble , and need real men to step up to the plate and actually defend our land and people from sub human animals like this piece of shit . 
  are you actively trying to steer the conversation towards a case of [ godwin 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law ) ? 
  you sound like the kind of moron that would vote for an erdogan , or a putin , or a hitler . 
  all you know is the few words from the title ( assuming you did n't read the article ) , and some preconceived notions you already had . 
  meanwhile , the judge , whose job is literally to make these judgements on a daily basis , has weighed all the information available , and has obviously come to the conclusion that the man is neither enough of a flight risk , nor dangerous enough to society , to have his rights compromised . 
  meanwhile , what * you 're * talking about : using just a few tidbits of information , ignoring all other context and nuance , and immediately reaching a knee-jerk decision ... is * wrong * . 
  your response is just another clear indicator why we * need * professional judges making these calls and not knee-jerk retards ( no offense ) like you . 
  are you sure she refused to board ? 
  the article says :  he was allowed to board the flight , which left two hours late , without the woman whose suspicions caused the delay . 
  i 'm optimistic that this means the airline decided that the woman * was n't allowed * to fly , maybe because she was hysterical or delusional . 
  then again , it might not mean that , maybe you 're right instead . 
  either way , it 's at least some karma for her . 
  that we stoop to the same level , by way of retaliatory vengeance and/or fear-mongering , instead of calmly maintaining the rule of law and due process ? 
  sorry if that was a rhetoric question , by the way , i was n't sure . 
  it 's safe to assume that the judge accounted for whether he thought the guy was a flight risk or not . 
  that 's literally his job . 
   from what i can tell the judgement is n't final that 's the important bit . 
  he 's not off the hook . 
   iliass khayari is therefore free until the final verdict which could take several months until decided . 
  it 's just about temporary arrest during the trial . 
  the judge is n't saying he 's off the hook . 
  just that he gets to await the verdict at home . 
   fill out an esta please . 
  and pay $ 14 , which is the worst part . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/53/ ) . 
  you guys should n't be complaining at all . 
  you 're taking in less refugees than other ( wealthy ) eu countries , and the people you guys * do * see walking around the high street ( immigrants ) , tend to be europeans that are working hard , financially benefiting the uk , instead of their home country . 
  that , and ones that come from your former empire , which is your own damn fault for occupying their lands for centuries . 
  also on / r/europe right now : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ib2us/russias_message_to_georgia_you_belong_to_us/ if we were russia 's neighbour , i would sure as fuck want to join nato asap . 
  immigrants and refugees are two separate issues . 
  it sounds like you 're confusing the two . 
  do you not have net neutrality over there ? 
  here in nl , tethering is not a separate thing , because they 're not allowed to figure out whether it 's even going on or not . 
  maybe the analogy works better if you change 3 years to 1 year . 
  and yes , there are limits to how long consumers can commit financially , but not for businesses . 
  even less for countries . 
  unless you made a commitment . 
  if you make a commitment for 3 years of comcast ( just trying to put in terms you guys might understand ) and then after half a year realize that google fiber comes to your area ( haha !, 
  ) , wopwould n't be able to simply send back the comcast modem to them and not pay the last two years . 
  you 'd need to pay the rest of your commitment , whether you want to or not . 
   it needs to fulfill its commitments and  but i doubt the government will even consider paying 60-70 billion seem to contradict each other . 
  am i missing something ? 
   unenforceable rules never matter . 
  that 's a cynical attitude . 
  his accent was weird !, 
  ( i was joking about his username ), 
  was n't he belgian ? 
  several bond russians have been played by dutch actors . 
  like xenia onatopp , from goldeneye . 
  played by famke janssen , who would later also act as jean grey in x-men . 
  well , that sounds like a typical brit . 
  to be fair , that 's not an unfair description of orban . 
  yeah , or judging spain by lloret del mar , hehe . 
  crimea is part of ukraine . 
  they just decided to use legal borders instead of occupation situation . 
  i 've visited sofia , plovdiv and blagoevgrad . 
  never felt unsafe or unwelcome . 
  some of the surroundings are a tad depressingly reminiscent of soviet times , but that 's really the only bad thing that can be said about bulgaria . 
  the people , the food , the prices , the coffee were great . 
  did i mention the coffee ? 
  the coffee was great . 
  very cheap coffee too . 
  and the chopska salads . 
  and the musaka . 
  and banitza for breakfast . 
  i need to go back there one day . 
  good times . 
  it is technically correct , though . 
  being anti-vaccine kills people . 
  being anti-dst does not kill people . 
  that must be why we sing `` hup , holland , hup '' when cheering on the football team . 
  because of all the wood in front of the door . 
  i 'm dutch and could n't care less . 
  do n't know anybody in real life that cares . 
  then again , i also do n't know anybody irl who is happy to correct someone when they mix up they 're and their . 
  thanks , i screenshotted the tv stream , which only had half the numbers . 
  as i understand it , they use the first results to adjust their expectations , for which they previously only had the exit polls . 
  the original models , based on only exit polls also included assumptions for these initial small municipalities . 
  those assumptions are adjusted , and the trends there extrapolated to the rest of the country . 
  these are * not * simply the results of what the first 10 % of people voted for . 
  adjusted prognoses , based on 9-10 percent votes counted : - vvd 33 - pvda 9 - pvv 18 - sp 13 - cda 25 - d66 18 - cu 6 - missed the smaller ones suddenly , vvd+d 66 + cda is possible !, 
  no , it is n't . 
  denk has enough votes nationally , to add some things to the agenda and to introduce opinions in debates that would otherwise go unmentioned , and that 's fine . 
  healthy , in fact . 
  but they wo n't decide policy in general . 
  haha , of course not . 
  but it would be sad if it would need to be sacrificed to get bigger things done . 
  because it is nice to have . 
  ( by the way , bavaria is very nice . 
  love the nature , spent some time walking through your woods .
