  the point is : * you have no fucking idea what is going on in the first place * . 
  so , pointing the finger at a group of people you dislike , because someone mentioned he had a certain skin colour , is a tad presumptuous and the very definition of racism . 
  fortunately , the 10 o'clock ( nos ) news said that the police went in calmly/quietly without lots of shouting or hullabaloo . 
  they did have a dog though , which apparently helped to make contact . 
  they did n't specifically mention whether that meant that the dog scared the suspect into submission or whether he wanted to pet him . 
  i fully understand and respect that quite a few people might have found that remark to be rude enough to distract from the opinion itself . 
  and i 'm not normally this explicit in / r/europe , but we 're talking about whether people should be granted * human rights * . 
  there 's not a lot of topics that i feel more strongly about than whether people deserve those . 
  someone finding that human rights do n't ( need to ) apply to humans outside their own country is a cunt in my book . 
  that happens to be my opinion . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  yes , those people are assholes , and the religious ideas are outdated . 
  ( most ) christians are decades , if not a century or more past that shit . 
  but that does n't make it ok that they should be sent back to people who are likely to convict them for a crime that allows the death sentence . 
  because that violates human rights . 
  and just because they 're shouty cunts , does n't mean we should void their human rights . 
  that is literally a page from the rt playbook : sure , rt might occasionally befuddle the truth , but the west also has propaganda . 
  just no . 
  if `` one side '' is spewing bullshit , you call them on it . 
  suspecting `` the other side '' does it too , does n't excuse the first . 
  you simply call those out * as well * . 
  they are called * human * rights , not * british * rights , you selfish cunt . 
  you did n't read what you linked , did you ? 
   in the republic of ireland , blasphemy is required to be prohibited by article 40.6.1 . i. 
  of the 1937 constitution . 
  the common law offence of blasphemous libel , applicable only to christianity and last prosecuted in 1855 , was ruled in 1999 to be incompatible with the constitution 's guarantee of religious equality . 
  the lacuna was filled in 2009 by a new offence of `` publication or utterance of blasphemous matter '' , against any religion . 
  the continued existence of a blasphemy offence is controversial , with proponents of freedom of speech and freedom of religion arguing it should be removed . 
  - it 's required by their constitution , they 'd have to change the constitution before they can undo this - it 's last been prosecuted in 1855  however , since banning blasphemy is mandated by the constitution , abolishing the offence would require a referendum . 
  a referendum solely for that purpose `` would rightly be seen as a time wasting and expensive exercise '' . 
  - it 's a mere formality , it 's not being used , it only exists because it 's too much work to change the law on the other hand , if you utter something in the us ( especially if you 're a darky ) that is even remotely interpretable as being somehow against hypothetical national security , you 'll be hauled off , interrogated and pressured into confessing . 
  do you i need to bring up ahmed 's clock ? 
  til russians have small penises . 
  that actually explains quite a few things , in recent and not-so-recent history . 
  i 've been to bulgaria and can confirm this . 
  that is both hilarious and fascinating . 
  reminds me of when i saw [ the gods must be crazy ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/film/thegodsmustbecrazy ) ( very fun little movie , btw ) as a kid and was fascinating by the tongue-clicking sound the bushman makes as part of their language . 
   i do n't think the causal direction is money -  entitlement . 
  i suggest you watch the video . 
  it does seem to work that way . 
  this is such a silly comment . 
  shengen dictates free movement of people . 
  even if there were no refugees , someone with bad intentions could still completely freely travel the whole shengen area . 
  it has * literally nothing * to do with refugees . 
  in fact , if you were a person with bad intentions , you 'd want to * stay away * from the refugees , since that is where international press , attention and potential security checks will be . 
  just travel any other road through shengen and you 'll be fine . 
   it 's not supposed to be fun . 
  this excuses torture ? 
   that 's the consequence of leaking thousands of classified documents out to the public without even reading them first . 
  35 years is more of a deterrent than 5 or 10 years for that ? 
  do you think manning would n't have committed his crime if it had an even higher sentence ? 
  or are you saying that the * torture * inflicted on him is a justified for the crime he committed ? 
  first , to be clear : i 'm * not * excusing the ttip , which is a horrible piece of shit which should be stopped . 
  that said , there are people within europe , who feel that if it 's completely economically unfeasible to produce dairy products in european nations , without heavy government subsidies ... that maybe we should n't do it then ? 
  can you imagine how crazy it would seem if we subsidized textile factories to the level that they 'd be competitive with those in china or bangladesh ? 
  how seriously would we take factories that claim to need massive one-way financial injections to stay afloat ... because they have international competition ? 
  and yet , people are happy to spend half the eu 's budget on farmers . 
  i say fuck it , let farmers in poorer countries have a shot at exporting their production , and let us use the farming land for more modern , useful purposes . 
  `` suffering '' people who are stuck in a war zone or in a major natural disaster , are potentially suffering . 
  what you 're describing are business owners who got disadvantaged by a decrease in demand , without a decrease in supply . 
  i would n't call that `` suffering . '', 
  `` the uploader has not made this video available in your country . '', 
  i do n't have a lot of * files * that have a per-y2k date stamp on my pc , hehe . 
  i did n't mean to suggest that it 's rare i listen to 90s music . 
  although i 'm too old for silly modern things like spotter-fi . 
  i still use hi-fi . 
  here is my favourite 90s dance stream , technically from a radio station , but * very * near zero interruption . 
  certainly no djs or commercials : http://www.freshfmonline.com/player90sdance.html, 
  interesting , so it is legit , but youtube simply failed me . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  that picture !, 
  i started shouting : `` boes boes !, 
  boes boes ! '', 
  but there was no music because it was just a picture , not a video . 
  so , for reference , here is a [ video of boes , including the awesome intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uucbfy5zy7s ) . 
  i have [ this version ] ( https://soundcloud.com/throwaway464186042/opzij-opzij-opzij ) in my `` old stuff '' playlist . 
  the file metainfo says it 's from 1999 , but i actually do n't know who sings it and where it 's from . 
  i like it better than the original though . 
  i do n't blame him . 
  if i had bud lite , i 'd also want to trade it for different , and thus better , beer . 
   at least we are not known for abduction/torture ( looking at you slov ** ia and albania --  hostel/taken ) josef fritzl ? 
  russia is not know for giving a fuck about its people , let alone other peoples . 
  or worse : birmingham . 
  wait , are you suggesting that the animal rights activists are just going after the emasculation thingy because it `` looks icky '' ? 
  surely they would n't be * that * shallow ? 
  we must be overlooking something , there must be something horrible about going from living healthily to * poof * not-existing anymore in an instant , that they realize is horrible , but we 're not caring enough for the animals to see . 
  humans are omnivores . 
  we need protein , meat contains protein . 
  but going from `` living without pain '' to `` not just being dead , but being completely shredded to bits '' in a fraction of a second must be cruel , right ? 
  i mean , that near-instant transition , surely that must cause prolonged and severe suffering ? 
  hungary sounds , from your description , like an untapped market . 
  by the way , your capitol is lovely !, 
  i spent a week in budapest a few months ago and loved it . 
  cheap coffee on every corner , great burgers in that weird disco place in the jewish district and lovely bathhouses that will cook you like a lobster if you 're not careful . 
  had a good time , probably will visit again at some point . 
   well , piracy is illegal oddly enough , past me never thought this was very relevant . 
  piracy is extremely convenient , and if the only alternative is driving to a store , then it 's an easy choice to make . 
  no , you 're right , you could . 
  myself , i have n't touched a dvd in at least five , if not ten years . 
  i 've never had a bluray player .
