  jews and muslims . 
  let 's face it , christmas has roots in christianity , but they stole it from pagans before them , and these days , it 's a secular thing , for the most part . 
  like marriage . 
  can confirm , us dutchies are very proud of our dykes . 
  they keep us alive in a way . 
  and once in a while a little boy sticks his finger in a hole of a dyke , plugging it until the others come and then he 's celebrated as a hero . 
  we have a weird relationship with our dykes . 
  like scotland ? 
  would you complain similarly if a scottish women would win miss uk ? 
  she 's too white , she 's from a conquered territory , she speaks a little funny , etc ? 
  good point . 
  it 's kinda like marriage that way then . 
   we do n't need to be holier than thou . 
  we are not walking any moral higher ground yes , we do . 
  and yes , we are . 
  we ( i 'm dutch , but germans as well ) respect our constitution , do not discriminate between religions , and do not let religious zealotry get in the way of children 's education . 
  and if we fail that , then that 's a mistake to be fixed using the safeguards in place . 
  not a decision by a dictator to be defended in the name of patriotism . 
  so yeah , we have the moral high ground . 
   if we do n't teach it at schools , it will be thought in murky places we do n't know about . 
  are we talking about teaching * about * religions , explaining origins , beliefs , customs , etc of various religions ? 
  or are we talking about a muslim school teaching islam doctrine as factual ? 
  because those are very different things . 
   full la\u00efcit\u00e9 one absolute extreme is bad ? 
  who 'd 've thunk it ? 
  guess what , the opposite absolute extreme is bad too . 
  modern democracies are about balances and compromises, 
  you mean : because erdogan is incapable of hypocrisy ? 
   christmas may be part of german culture but it 's still a religious festival . 
  no , it is n't . 
  these days ( and for a while now ) it * coincides * with the religious thing . 
  if you ban all parts of secular culture that have their roots in old religious practices , you 're going to have a very boring , empty culture . 
  besides , the comparison with france is wrong . 
  france bans * all * religion from certain aspects of their country . 
  turkey discriminates against christianity specifically . 
  let me know when he starts forbidding schools to teach about the post-ramadan sugar feast , ok ? 
   i think the turkish state is definitely within their right to prohibit religious teaching , but it is a bit of a dick move showing the strained relation between the two states . 
  prohibiting talking about christmas is not the same as religious teaching though . 
  christmas is a huge part of german culture and its * roots * are in christianity but its secular component is much bigger these days . 
  do you know anybody that is simply not religious at all and does n't have a christmas tree nor gives gifts because of this ? 
  i do n't . 
  tl ; dr telling a school that they 're not allowed to discuss one of the biggest cultural events on the secular german calendar is not the same as `` prohibiting religious teaching '', 
  the fury of its citizens ? 
  if nl would do this , i 'd be waving pitchforks in the hague . 
  because learning to swim reduces your odds at drowning . 
  i thought musaka was more a bulgarian thing ? 
  they just need to ask us for help . 
  we know how to fight the fickle bitch that is the sea . 
  in my experience , many limburgers also have the same hard g , but mistakenly use it when they 're supposed to pronounce an r. 
  it does n't matter what stance the us takes . 
  russia itself has demonstrated it is hostile and aggressive towards others , particularly its neighbours , whose sovereignty seems less important than russia 's desires for lebensraum , buffer zones and other such bullshit . 
  hehe , interesting . 
  that 's the first time i 've seen it suggested that way , instead of the other way around . 
  unless i 'm reading your comment wrong . 
  but seriously , if you want a bit of anschluss , do you guys want limburg ? 
  their dialect is not far off from flamish anyway , and it would solve our wilders problem . 
  and beer , of course . 
  grolsch and heineken are better ( and more successful ) than what our neighbours in europe have been able to produce . 
  even in english , though ? 
  `` holland '' rolls off the tongue much easier than the cumbersome `` netherlands '' . 
  actually , i 'm getting hungry from all these suggestions . 
  i might check to see if ikea has that cheese . 
  last food thing i tried from there was the princess cake , which was also quite nice . 
  you must have * really good * dog food in the uk . 
  or just really shitty stew . 
  are they really ? 
  that must be healthy cheese , then . 
  the ( admittedly snarky ) point at the end was that he criticized our cheese , while they had to import experts from a different country that knows how cheese actually works to get theirs off the ground . 
  england is a lovely place and all , sure , but it seems a bit silly to say that they 're known for excellent cheeses . 
  they 're not . 
  culinarily speaking , england has the best ( and the most ) curries of any european countries that i 've visited . 
  i love eating indian when i 'm in the uk . 
  sadly , imported as well , but still very nice . 
   the netherlands ( i assume that 's what you mean , not just the holland provinces holland is a colloquial name for the whole country . 
  `` holland '' as a serious indicator for region is not in common use and you 're unlikely to ever encounter someone using the term `` holland '' that way , unless it 's someone from limburg , friesland or a different rural place , complaining about how the randstad inhabitants seem cooler than them . 
  the website for tourists is www.holland.com , the football team is cheered on using `` hup !, 
  holland !, 
  hup ! '', 
  and so on . 
  go ask an american whether he * actually * means the us of a , or whether he perhaps is talking about a southern-american country , which is technically `` america '' as well . 
  if you want to share knowledge in a way of `` have you heard that the nickname originates ... '' then that 's fine . 
  dutch history is indeed very interesting . 
  but to even remotely suggest that someone using `` holland '' to indicate only 2 of the 13 provinces is complete and utter nonsense . 
  i 've heard the same from bulgarians , interesting . 
  there , they call gouda `` yellow cheese '' and use the term `` white cheese '' for sirene cheese , which is similar to feta . 
  gouda is * the * very definition of cheese . 
  other cheeses are described by how they deviate from gouda . 
  brie is soft cheese , roquefort is blue cheese , gouda is just cheese . 
  tl ; dw it 's cheese . 
  if she already thinks cheese in england is good , she should try visiting holland then , it would blow her mind . 
  yeah . 
  crazy . 
  like , who puts milk in their coffee , right ? 
  bofferding ? 
  is that local slang for the cheap petrol ? 
  1 degree c is 1,8 degrees f. 
  in europe , the c-word is more acceptable than the f-word . 
  such is life . 
  banitsa is nice . 
  this is not a question .
