  symbolic gestures have a very low political cost however . 
  they 'll get relaxation when they hand crimea back to ukraine and pull their forces out of the country . 
  it 's why americans are known for being friendly . 
   clay of superior quality i thought for a moment i was in / r/polandball, 
  we have to do it ourselves , since noone else seems to do it ... 
  yes , because fear and/or hatred towards `` those other people , who are not like us '' is a healthy reaction to trying to learn from the mistakes of ww2 . 
  hey !, 
  i rese -- no , actually , i think that feeling is pride . 
  we rejected an eu * constitution * . 
  oddly enough , the actual * contents * of the treaty was not a huge problem , and the lisbon treaty was later ratified anyway . 
  but calling it a `` constitution '' of the eu was problematic , since a constitution seems like such a typically national , sovereign thing , and doing that at the eu level was a notion that many people did n't like . 
   it is worth remembering it 's not just the uk that has notable anti-eu parties , there are genuine european-wide conerns about the eu and its nature , probably the uk is a little too honest for is own good . 
  there are not `` genuine '' european-wide concerns on comparable level to how british europhobes paint the picture . 
  there are parties that are anti-eu , but they are fringe parties , similar to how most countries have a party or several that spouts populist nonsense or xenophobic anti-immigration stuff . 
  like ukip . 
  just because some countries have small ukip/fn populist parties , does n't mean there are `` genuine country-wide '' concerns about the eu . 
  the * mainstream * political parties in european countries ( at least the ones i know about ) are generally * not * europhobic in the slightest . 
  pretty sure he 's not a propaganda victim , but a propaganda creator . 
  at least , i hope he gets paid for that , otherwise he 'd be a complete and total retard . 
  no , the fucker ran away after the rada was just a few votes short of actually ousting him . 
  the * democratically elected * rada , mind you . 
  then , to solve that problem , a temporary acting president took office ( which is normal , if the president is unable to perform his duties ) while elections were announced as soon as properly possible . 
  it actually went very well and according to procedure , compared to other regime changes , like how the crimean government supposedly `` voted '' to have the `` referendum '' while the building was occupied and people were n't sure who was actually inside . 
  from wikipedia :  interfax-ukraine reported that , `` it is impossible to find out whether all the 64 members of the 100-member legislature who were registered as present , when the two decisions were voted on or whether someone else used the plastic voting cards of some of them '' because due to the armed occupation of parliament it was unclear how many members of parliament were present . 
  [ 49 ]  enver abduraimov , member of the parliament presidium , said that he did not go inside when he saw that armed guards who secured the building were confiscating all communications devices from deputies . 
  andriy krysko , head of the crimean branch of the voters committee of ukraine , announced that no one from the parliament secretariat was in the building when voting took place . 
  western-european countries * like * the fact that the us is sending people to ukraine to help out . 
  i 'm dutch , for example , and i think this is a good thing . 
  youre either a ukip voter , or sarcastic . 
  without the explicit / s , i cant be sure which ... 
  obviously referring to the armenian genocide . 
  by the finnish sanoma corporation , which funds it because it owns it . 
  just go look at the website and see if it looks like it 's pro-russian . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  seriously though , if you have serious information from somewhere about moscow times being subverted , either by money or threats , then speak up , because i 'd like to know about that . 
  if , however , you 're just circlejerking about stereotypes , then shut the fuck up . 
  moscow times * is * western media . 
  it 's owned by finland 's sanoma corporation . 
  as a dutchman , i find this offensive . 
  is this some sort of sick joke , confusing us with the * germans ?!, 
  i agree with most of that . 
  to offer a metaphor , last year , i congratulated a few germans with their weltmeisterschaft , even though i 'm fairly sure none of them had actually spent time on the pitch in brazil . 
  they ( the germans ) did n't take offense though . 
  i was at cebit a month ago and did thank kingston for making my ram . 
  although , i thanked a marketing person who has nothing to do with fabrication . 
  is that close enough , or would i need to walk unto the factory floor and thank them there ? 
  * cough * ^ black ^ bird * cough * perhaps you meant best-looking * civilian * plane ? 
  i 'd love to be able to spend $ 100 for a boat trip to the us that takes 2 days  then again , people like me never were the target demographic for the concorde , hehe . 
  no , i did n't mean it like that , it was just a little joke about how the americans can be a bit trigger-happy , even when rescuing people ( especially when you look middle-eastern ) . 
  i searched for some keywords , to make sure it was n't double-posted , besides , this is n't purely a news subreddit , people ask questions and have discussions between europeans as well , so i figured this was a good place to acknowledge and be happy about what these french commandos did for a fellow european . 
   i 'm just pleasantly surprised he did n't get mistaken for a djihadist and shot on the spot . 
  i think you misread ... the * french * rescued him , not the americans . 
  i suspect that in the case of the brits , it 's for a large part just making fun of a silly stereotype , just like we dutch enjoy pointing out how stupid belgians are . 
   however , quite a few americans actually believe the surrender monkey stereotype , simply because they do n't know anything about europe , including france , including anything that contradicts the silly stereotype . 
  to be fair , that is about * current day * japan . 
  and just like some of the germans today are nice people , current japanese culture is fine too . 
  it 's not like anime fans will have admiratiom for hirohito and his generals . 
  it 's somewhere on page 3 of the russian shill handbook on trolling and other bullshit . 
  you 're not `` swapping '' workers for pensioners . 
  polish people do n't come to the uk , because uk pensioners are moving to spain . 
  and i do n't think it 's relevant that your subjective opinion of the amount is `` not a lot '' . 
  just vat is ~ 20 % of all the money these people spend , minus perhaps housing cost . 
  that 's a huge part of all money handled by these people . 
  thousands of pounds per year , multiplied by hundreds of thousands of people equates hundreds of millions of pounds per year . 
  all very approximately , of course . 
  and most importantly : ** i never said this is bad . 
  ** i mere think it 's strange that * this * gets ignored by the people that do complain about the effect that e.g. 
  polish workers have on the uk , which is a significant * benefit * to the economy . 
  i 'm sorry if the comment offended you . 
  i have the same habit of switching to english if i notice someone is trying to speak dutch but is having trouble ( especially with an english accent ) . 
  to be honest , if you make even a slight effort , i 'd be appreciative . 
  the problem is with people , particularly pensioners , who feel * entitled * that everybody around them should adapt , and spend their time surrounded with other english-speaking pensioners , so they do n't have to deal with any of the local language or people . 
  it 's nearly , of not all , taxes that people pay . 
  taxes on everything they buy with their money , taxes on property owned , taxes paid to the local municipality for anything from living there to having pets . 
  i do n't know if pensioners pay income tax to the uk over their pension , but pretty much everything else they pay in taxes would go to spain , not the uk . 
  that 's a very significant amount of taxes , especially if it 's for hundreds of thousands of people . 
  that is costing the uk money . 
  as said before , as opposed to poles and other eu citizens that come work and pay taxes ( both income taxes and taxes on expenses ) in the uk , which provides the uk with money . 
  especially since it 's for jobs that the british do n't like doing anyway ( or are not very good at ) . 
  it 's not like the poles are arriving in throngs to do well-paid office jobs :d, 
  most importantly , it depends on what is normal in the country where you are . 
  if it 's considered normal and polite to smile and relax , not complain , then keep your whining to yourself . 
  conversely , in the netherlands , where people are very blunt and down-to-earth , it 's considered polite to be straight-forward with any concerns you have , instead of subtly and politely skirting around the issue while smiling . 
  to an extent , of course . 
  do n't lose your identity or anything , but respecting the local culture in general is a good idea . 
  annoying the dutch ? 
  you mean by being insincerely polite and cheerful ? 
  that would probably annoy those silly dutch more than complaining about things that warrant complaining . 
  generally , dutch people would . 
  our attitude towards foreign languages and cultures is different than the british . 
  edit : please do n't tell me i 'm naive . 
  there 's not really something like volendam-on-the-spanish-coast , is there ? 
  that 'd be seriously shameful . 
   what taxes is the uk government missing out on ? 
  the most obvious one would be vat on any and all purchases they make . 
  but all other taxes that you 'd normally pay as well . 
  because they 're arrogant cunts . 
  not all of them , just the ones that live for years in a different country without bothering to learn the language . 
  i know of a few dutch people retiring in spain . 
  they speak spanish .
