  - forensic evidence shows the door was kicked hard against , and a panel was kicked in , from outside inwards . 
  - defendant and friend testified that assailants threw a `` pottery pipe '' and a `` hanging basket '' against defendant 's head , sounds of which were recorded by 112 . 
  - the defendant did n't want to flee , because she wanted to protect her dog , and felt she could n't flee , because the back door stuck and after that , there was a garden fence , meaning the assailants would likely catch up - the chosen method of defense ( a knife ) was understandable and not excessive . 
  - because of these facts , the legal defense of `` self-defense '' applies and defendant will not be found guilty of attempted manslaughter the interesting thing about this jurisprudence is : - whether the person can flee is relevant ( the da felt she could , thus no self-defense , the judge decided her assumption that she could n't was appropriate , thus self-defense was allowed ) - whether the used force was excessive or not was also evaluated , where the da and judge again differed of opinion , but indicating that it 's definitely important whether the used violence is proportionate . 
  ( for example , you ca n't use a gun against someone who kicked you in the shins once and looks like he 's going to do it again ) . 
   your previous statement seemed to imply you had to try to to run away from bodily harm from your own home . 
  i think that 's why i implied , yes . 
  let me paint a clearer picture : if you 're in your house , and you see a guy with a baklava walk towards your house ( at the front of the house ) and you hear him flddling with the lock on the front door , but you have a back door in the house that opens to an alley , where you can escape without the attacker knowing where you went . 
  then you have to escape . 
  if you decide to stay and `` defend your house '' causing serious harm or death to the burglar , then you 're going to jail . 
   are you sure it 's the actual law yes . 
  if there 's a way that you can * not * kill someone and be safe , and you choose to kill instead , you 're going to jail . 
  property in a home is not worth more than a human life . 
  killing someone in self-defense is completely different from cold , calculated sentencing of the death penalty . 
  also , in the netherlands , self-defense is * very hard * to argue when you 've killed someone . 
  sometimes it fits , but for example , if you were obviously able to escape the situation ( even if it 's running away from your own home ) , then you 'll go to jail if you kill instead . 
  it 's not like in the us , where someone can kill another person if they look at them menacingly . 
  ( slightly exaggerating ) . 
   it has to come with asterisks so it excludes the deliberate violators of human rights and makes them not capable of benefiting from the sacred declaration of human rights anymore . 
  why ? 
  seriously , what purpose does this serve ? 
  what benefit does it have for society as a whole ? 
  i do n't see this having a positive effect , like scaring any deliberate violators away . 
  instead , it will * validate * them : why should they have to hold human rights as sacred , when even the government , who * sets * the laws , violates them ? 
  where i come from , it 's part of the * definition of the word * human right , that they 're inalienable . 
  it 's why the death penalty is unacceptable , for example . 
   someone 's rights only exist as long as they honor the rights of other people . 
  wrong . 
  the word you are looking for is `` privileges '' . 
  those can be taken away if you do n't behave . 
  rights ( at least human rights and other similar important ones ) are inalienable . 
  and they get to directly elect meps . 
  it 's really as democratic as it gets . 
  aye , good times . 
  it also goes by a very nice indian restaurant , and the hostel on the oktagon that we stayed at , and the metro station where all the other ones end up . 
  i probably should visit budapest again , i really enjoyed it . 
  oh , and excellent burgers in the jewish quarter . 
  i 've been on metro line 1 !, 
  it 's awesome !, 
  that 's the one that goes to ~ ~ horse guy ~ ~ hero square , right ? 
  it reminded me of paris , somehow . 
  overall , the public transit system in budapest is great . 
  was there for a weak , and for a tiny amount a day , you could take all the buses and metros that you liked . 
  and there 's a lot of them !, 
  or * maybe * they 're simply on their computers shitposting and trolling in / r/worldnews and / r/europe . 
  because all the rules applied for it as well . 
  it was n't able to get enough opt-outs . 
   the media is now wondering if it was making a point about right-wing rheotric or is right-wing rhetoric itself . 
  hehe , sounds like [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe's_law ) , but in real life . 
  from the wikipedia article :  poe 's law is an internet adage which states that , without a clear indicator of the author 's intent , parodies of extreme views will be mistaken by some readers or viewers for sincere expressions of the parodied views . 
   but they would not be able to cross over land into other schengen countries . 
  this seems naive . 
  have you seen the clip of frankie boyle where he finds a `` wee boy '' sitting in the front row during a theater show of his ? 
  had me in stitches ... especially the awkward reaction of that kid . 
  [ your mum knows ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10dgpzcihmq ) . 
   how dare they !, 
  how dare * we !, 
  * cyclist-nation-of-the-world high five !, 
  by the way , have you seen the danes ? 
  do n't tell the danes we 're the absolute masters of bicycles . 
  they might get offended . 
  of course , and my apologies for applying the stereotype . 
  the position of the uk as a country though , is riddled with tons of opt-outs and asterisks , compared to other eu countries . 
  the most visible one is the euro , but also schengen and lots of other exceptions are made for the uk . 
  hence , it seeming a little ironic . 
  mind you , i 'm not disagreeing with what you said , of course . 
  yes , because it would be better for their democracy if they slide into a dictatorship without the eu whistling them back before it 's too late . 
  i do n't mean to be rude ad hominem , but that sounds a little bit silly , coming from a brit . 
  i 'm so goddamn fed up with people pretending that germany , and merkel in particular represent the eu as a whole . 
  they do n't . 
  the eu is a place with half a billion people , consisting of 28 countries , and all of those have a say in what happens . 
  as a dutchman , i 'm also worried if your government acts like corrupt shitbags . 
  i 'm not informed and nuanced enough to do anything about this , so i 'm happy my government ( e.g. 
  rutte ) tells poland to stop acting like a bunch of corrupt shitbags . 
  if rutte says that , are we the nazis then ? 
  imagine if the french are worried about the way the polish government is acting , are the french suddenly nazis then ? 
  germany is n't trying to rule over poland . 
  germany wants influence in the eu , sure . 
  but so does holland . 
  and so does poland . 
  to compare this with a violent , dictatorial regime that murdered millions of civilians , a good part of which were polish and/or were murdered in poland , if a fucking outrage . 
  it seems stupid to single out gmo 's for that treatment . 
  either you care about food/species safety and you give * every * new strain of plant/animal that treatment , even if it 's created through crosspolination / - breeding . 
  or you stop the sneaky , backdoor anti-gmo circlejerk by treating them like any other human-engineered organism . 
  like the orange ( go dutch ! ), 
  carrots , for example . 
  if you do n't like monsanto 's business practices then i suggest we outlaw apple electronics in the eu as well . 
  anyway , do n't collude a discussion about food/nature safety with nonsense about `` business practices . '', 
  those two are not related in any way . 
  the investment company actually holding shares , having a document like that , does * not * mean that * the journalists * are heavily influenced by the us . 
  the journalists themselves would know better than you whether they 're influenced or not . 
  western leaders are professionals who should do their job . 
  no need to admire them . 
  dictators tend to get more admiration that regular heads of state who do a good job for a few years and then hand over the reigns . 
  wait , but putin is admired by his people . 
  that seems to prove you wrong . 
  you thinking a certain subculture are idiots or even cunts , does n't mean germany is no longer a safe place . 
  if you look at actual statistics , you 'll fine that there is less violence in germany than 25 years ago , than 50 years ago , 100 years ago , and so on . 
  it still is a very safe place , and very quiet and peaceful . 
  safety is determined through statistics , not anecdotes .
