one big fish in a small lake is more memorable than lots of fishes in a big ocean though . 
  as a czech i absolutely agree . 
  some people from western europe should try to find out more information about communism , socialism and about history of eastern european countries during cold war as well as we need to learn things from western european countries . 
  i believe this is mainly the same mass effect as during the age of communism . 
  you are either voting for them or you will have problems . 
  and well , i can absolutely understand your opinion about russian culture , but at the same time i believe that russian culture is as special as a culture of a nation with such a long history . 
  yeah , i agree with that . 
  you surely should n't be considered as a part of eastern europe together with russia , but at the similar time i think you both geographically and politically for the future suit mainly together with nordic countries , especially estonia with finland . 
  imo it is just weird to look at estonia as a ce country when denmark at the same time is clearly a part of northern europe . 
  hopefully you are right . 
  for me it is a really major thing , as there is simply no reasonable explanation why at least czechia should n't be considerd as a part of western europe , if the eu does not consider central europe being a thing . 
  if austria is western europe , we should be as well . 
  it is closer from prague to bordeaux than to moscow ... 
  i agree , but un now classifies baltic countries as norther europe . 
  that is something different than nordic countries . 
  nordic + baltic = norther europe , at least to me . 
  even eu classifies baltic countries as northern europe . 
  i have a problem with eu classification when it comes to the czech republic and other countries around us . 
  eu knows nothing like central europe . 
  according to them we are just eastern europe , together with all countries from old soviet bloc . 
  that is surely wrong , we consider us as a central european country , i believe it is the same case with poland , slovakia or hungary . 
  or even slovenia/croatia . 
  russian culture is special . 
  ballet , music , theatre , writers . 
  beautiful nature . 
  russia has some of the most clever people on the planet ( chess players , scientists , entrepreneurs , tetris !, 
  ) , russian model , food . 
  big massive no . 
  i do n't ever want to see a german , austrian , hungarian , polish or russian ruling over my country again . 
  a lot of people in the past died to allow czech people to govern for themselves . 
  now we should just pass the rule somewhere else once again ? 
  no way . 
  i believe that technically it is , but almost nobody really does that . 
  this is mine , would just move baltic states to northern europe . 
  why should we ? 
  these people do n't want to live in our country . 
  we tried to take a few christian people from iraq . 
  it failed . 
  they quickly went to germany and got their asyleum there . 
  the solution is quite easy . 
  why people want to go to western europe ? 
  the usual argument in media is `` because of war '' . 
  ok . then just stop the war . 
  europe is doing absolutely nothing for that . 
  even russia does more ... 
  peace ? 
  maybe that 's because of nato . 
  this is warsaw pact 2.0 . 
  the next time a country will try to go their own way , they will just send eu army there . 
  hungary 56 , czechoslovakia 68 , what country will be the next ? 
  enough is enough , we need to leave now . 
  yeah , that 's socialism . 
  we had that . 
  not working . 
  development funds are not a solution . 
  they create just a fake growth . 
  these funds are mainly invested into things which wo n't survive on the real market without an external funding . 
  to economically compete , greece needs a strong devaluation , a relative decline of its price level . 
  that 's in reality possible only with their own currency . 
  43 % too much . 
  this happens when politicians think they understand economics ... euro was a massive failure for greece , similarly as european funds creating a fake growth . 
  this is the result . 
  eu should be proud . 
  lol , you are funny . 
  they will have to borrow an even more money for the next year to survive . 
  yeah , and more trouble for greece . 
  this is not a real solution , just a postponement paid by taxpayers from other eurozone countries . 
  the earlier you leave eurozone , the better . 
  it is not getting better earlier ... 
  this is not croatian-only problem . 
  this is the problem for the whole eu . 
  eu belive in socialism . 
  this guy is seriously deluded . 
  living in his europhile bubble . 
  he is dangerous . 
  2007-2013 eu funds results czech republic : 36.7 km of massively overpriced bad quality new highways with big corruption scandals poland : ~ 2000km of new highways so yeah , eu helped us somehow . 
  it is a new symbol of the corruption in our country . 
  the big favourite of the upcoming election and the 2nd most wealthy person in the country andrej babi\u0161 has his business totally based around receiving big amounts of money from eu funds , even thankfully to clear frauds and corruption . 
  the funds are used to help him , not the country ... 
  then they will go to germany once again . 
  or they will at least try . 
  yeah , i would actually support to not receiving these funds . 
  they are crushing our economy with unhealthy growth and bring here even more corruption . 
  yeah , countries like switzerland are crushed and burnes outside of the eu . 
  how exactly it would destroy us ? 
  we were absolutely ok before the eu . 
  we were n't destroyed at all . 
  there would be a lot of tears of europhiles . 
  we could live without being in the eu as a lot of european countries can live without it . 
  czech people like democracy when they are involved . 
  not when politics of the other countries we could not vote for at all are making big decisions for our country . 
  ok , but then `` we are not the eu '' . 
  sad !, 
  against the will of majority of czech people . 
  a lot of people here feels like it 's a new munich agreement . 
  `` about us , without us ! '', 
  this time they at least offer us a seat and outvote us , but still ... 
  great news , will be fun . 
  you can say a similar thing about terrorist attack casualties ... / s, 
  because of schengen you can move to another country after you receive a refugee status .
