i use an adblocker . 
  what that means is , i do not want to see ads . 
  simple really . 
  well , that 's what he gets . 
  at least he understood that . 
  those teeth though . 
  a trip to the hygienist for a scale and polish would be a much better look . 
  who gives a shit what blair thinks ? 
  he needs to go away, 
  does the dab !, 
  just somebody 's opinion . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  must be a slow news day . 
  maybe they did , maybe they did n't , who knows ? 
  i suppose you can safely say there are brits who do n't care about poles , and there are poles who do n't care about brits . 
  she said : `` the majority of people voted against the poles who work extremely hard . '', 
  wrong . 
  they did n't vote `` against the poles '' , they voted to leave the european union . 
  no , they will never punish people for trying to get out . 
  no one is forced to live here . 
  you can leave any time you want . 
  a badly written article about education , of all things . 
  the jokes just write themselves . 
  people will shop at aldi and lidl instead, 
  sounds like a golden opportunity to get some decent produce on the shelves , instead of being force fed all this fucking mush from unilever , general mills and all the other bullshit multinationals . 
  the owner of the bike ( i assume it 's the owner taking the pics ) should have thrown a bucket of piss on them every time it happened . 
  `` a united front from the european union 's 27 ... '' haha that 's a good one . 
  smells like bullshizz to me, 
  indeed, 
  saudi `` royals '' . 
  something of a misnomer , really . 
  you did n't have to do that . 
  you could have defaulted , like iceland did . 
  who gives a shit what he thinks . 
  who gives a shit what the migrants think , for that matter ? 
  since when did random chancers from any old hole in the ground make the rules ? 
  dude be tripping yo, 
  this news comes as no surprise at all . 
  it 's a hospital , true enough . 
  being surrounded by cannibals and psychos would do him the world of good , though . 
  help him to appreciate this good earth . 
  plus , in broadmoor no one can hear you scream . 
  this man ought to be in broadmoor , not prison . 
  boris do n't care . 
  boris is getting paid . 
  the article is a whole load of nothing . 
  sadiq khan 's just an old windbag . 
  fly , you fools !, 
  that does n't sound good, 
  the recipient can still make screen captures . 
  so just do n't . 
  do n't send pictures or movies of yourself nude , do n't send dick pics , do n't create anything that you may later regret . 
  people be playing too damn much , smh . 
  leave it to the professionals . 
  4 glasses of champagne during an interview seems like a lot to me . 
  conveys a poor impression , if nothing else . 
  sure , why not, 
  yes it was a very popular option with students , for all the reasons you mentioned, 
  pure comedy, 
  this . 
  the fact that it exists at all is bizarre . 
  do n't understand it . 
  interesting turn of phrase . 
  not the most diplomatic way of describing the situation . 
  sure , but is anyone going to take him seriously ? 
  is he still a thing ? 
  a good idea . 
  they need to be kept above the radar . 
  many low skilled migrants are exploited by gangmasters and end up as modern day slaves . 
  students would do that sort of work in the summer . 
  this old windbag wo n't actually do anything, 
  are people buying these apartments to live in themselves , or to rent out ? 
  the driver 's like , `` ai n't nobody got time for this '', 
  well damn , no surprises there . 
  that dumb & dumber haircut though ... 
  correct !, 
  another soros funded movement . 
  no thanks . 
  for a second there , i thought it said fugly on her outfit, 
  how come is she still in a job ? 
  after last weekend 's fiasco at dover , i 'm sure quite a few carriers are worried . 
  vw 's reputation is tarnished now , and their attitude will not help matters . 
  this guy makes no sense . 
  no sense at all . 
  just another bureaucrat getting rich by pushing pieces of paper around . 
  ministry of what ?? 
  this article has to be some kind of joke , right ? 
  yeah i think we 've heard that one before, 
  cool . 
  no problem . 
  whatever . 
  the way it 's going , it could actually turn out to be the best decision we 've made in a long time . 
  you just can not make this shit up . 
  oh wait , they just did ... 
  should n't have written the rule in the first place , if they do n't like the result . 
  very well written and straight to the point, 
  i work in post production , maybe that 's it . 
  shows that people are not interested in commercials . 
  he just made himself look ridiculous with those comments, 
  heard it all before from the eu ... saying the same thing over and over .
