  if they can be more productive at lower per-unit costs it 's a good investment that investors should be interested in . 
  if it 's working in other sectors , why not agriculture ? 
  what the government needs to do ( and the eu is also a big factor here ) is remove protections/subsidies so as to clean up the inefficient farms and create a level playing field for the others . 
  no one would sell their core product below cost long-term as they would quickly go bankrupt . 
  the real problem is that the ones who have trouble producing at those prices are apparently less efficient than the others and need to modernize . 
  that is n't just due to labor cost as the netherlands has even higher labor cost and is making large amounts of money exporting agricultural products . 
  i support dropping government support for uncompetitive businesses so they can be replaced with competitive ones . 
  i also support a hard line against the striking farmers whenever they break the law . 
  how can blocking a road and destroying goods possibly be legal ? 
  you . 
  you are supporting them when their actions involve destroying goods on those trucks . 
  sounds like france needs a thatcher . 
  and also indonesia . 
  we do n't really consider people from surinam or indonesia immigrants though as they had a dutch passport before they moved here , were born on dutch territory , know the language well and are culturally very well-integrated . 
  indeed , two sides of the same coin actually . 
  cheap labor, 
  your opinions are surprisingly close to mine . 
  peas in milk ? 
  at least it provides lots of proteins , which could be lacking in children 's diets if people can not afford meat and do n't know about the alternatives . 
  what you 're saying makes sense if you replace `` large '' with `` sparsely populated '' . 
  at a similar population density , return on investment for public transport should not depend on size of the country . 
  think of japan for example , which is large but has excellent public transport . 
  we have plenty of these people in the netherlands as well . 
  if they commute to the inner city , they generally use public transport . 
  if they live far from a train station , there are park + ride facilities just outside major cities to transfer from car to public transport . 
  and of course there 's always the option of moving . 
  within cities that should n't matter though, 
  what you 're saying sounds sensible . 
  it 's a pity brain drain affects even politics , makes it harder to recover . 
  well , no one is being forced . 
  you can still get everywhere by car , it just takes longer than if you did it by bicycle . 
   and we reached a point where we have so much bike traffic that we had to build multi-level bike parking garages xd amsterdam has so little free space that we sometimes have to build those [ on the water ] ( http://www.fietsberaad.nl/library/repository/ontwerpvoorbeelden/rs_1%20-%20bicycle%20tower%20amsterdam%20cs.jpg ), 
  the bike is the best mode of transportation in amsterdam by far . 
  in most of the city you ca n't get to your destination nearly as quickly using the car or public transport . 
  before cars bikes were important everywhere in europe . 
  in the 70 's the netherlands was well on track to become a car-only country like so many others but this tide was turned by a pressure group against traffic deaths , in particular children . 
  combined with the oil crisis , this resulted in a complete policy turnaround towards bike-friendly infrastructure and discouraging car use . 
  this is no different in amsterdam . 
  parking costs $ 5.00 an hour in the city center and even at that price it 's often very hard to find a parking spot . 
  the effect is that people use different modes of transportation , which makes the city much more pleasant . 
  actually , it was a relatively sudden change in the netherlands as well . 
  in the 70 's the netherlands was well on track to become a car-only country like so many others but this tide was turned by a pressure group against traffic deaths , in particular children . 
  combined with the oil crisis , this resulted in a complete policy turnaround towards bike-friendly infrastructure and discouraging car use . 
  it would seem such a turnaround should be possible elsewhere as well , especially now that countries like the netherlands and denmark are showing the benefits of these policies . 
  this is something that would be done by local authorities though , not the central government . 
  all that is needed is one city with the political will that can show the others the way . 
  did you see my flag ? 
  as for the volume of cyclists , it will come when cycling becomes more attractive compared to alternative modes of transport . 
  the same goes for many old city centers in the netherlands though . 
  they were built well before bikes ( let alone cars ) existed . 
  still , we have managed to get good cycling infrastructure here . 
  key is to sacrifice some space for the cars , removing parking spaces and creating one-way streets and pedestrian/cyclist zones where necessary . 
  an added advantage is that this further encourages people to use bikes . 
  one of the `` expectation '' pics looks a lot like the netherlands . 
  that is much less invasive than circumcision . 
  however , even then i do n't see why it ca n't wait until she 's old enough to decide by herself . 
  a good first step but the real solution is to forbid any kind of cutting into children 's bodies without a medical need and charge the parents and those who perform circumcisions with battery . 
  til about the wire of death . 
  i suppose that shows that ww1 does n't get a lot of attention in history lessons here . 
  i guess you never heard of the [ hunger winter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_famine_of_1944 ) . 
  but there only was one real world war right ? 
  source : i 'm dutch . 
  the ussr obviously succeeded the russian empire as it absorbed the entire country . 
  when the ussr was dissolved , russia was explicitly its successor , retaining for example its position in the security council and the non-proliferation treaty . 
  greece became independent well before the ottoman empire was dissolved so it is hard to see how greece could be a successor state to the ottoman empire . 
  moreover , turkey continues to control constantinople even today . 
  probably fell for the alexander the great propaganda, 
  strange , works for me . 
  these are the current results : sweden 108 norway 107 germany 95 netherlands 94 denmark 90 finland 80 ireland 66 iceland 64 switzerland 62 united kingdom 59 austria 59 france 53 estonia 46 belgium 45 italy 38 czech republic 36 luxembourg 34 poland 33 portugal 25 spain 22 greece 20 lithuania 19 liechtenstein 19 slovenia 18 romania 18 monaco 18 malta 17 san marino 16 latvia 16 croatia 16 slovakia 14 russia 14 cyprus 12 hungary 10 bulgaria 10 armenia 10 andorra 10 ukraine 8 georgia 8 serbia 7 turkey 5 belarus 5 bosnia and herzegovina 4 azerbaijan 4 albania 4 moldova 3 macedonia 3 montenegro 2, 
  its successor states certainly do exist . 
  the western roman empire continues as germany through the holy roman empire . 
  the eastern roman empire is either turkey ( through the ottoman empire , which conquered the remainders and claimed the imperial throne ) or russia ( whose czar had a legal claim to succeed the last emperor , although they never de facto possessed the territory ) . 
  it would be interesting to see in which places people pick their own country and where people pick other countries . 
  click the `` results '' button, 
  afaik iran is the only country where it 's legal to do kidney donations for money . 
  i believe this is entirely voluntary so nothing to worry about . 
  excellent idea !, 
  it is starting to look like a large majority of the greeks want to stay in the euro no matter what . 
  is it known why ? 
  is it mostly fear of the unknown or also an identity thing ? 
  denmakr has a [ 3,694 m mountain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gunnbj%c3%b8rn_fjeld ) though . 
  the netherlands only reaches [ 887 m ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery ) . 
  4 % travels to the netherlands for the mountains, 
  using the wood from their own planted trees for extra poetic justice, 
  it would n't be without [ precedent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nero ), 
  well , the idea of keynesian policy is not just to spend money all the time but to do counter-cyclical policies . 
  when the economy is booming you pay off your debts so that you can borrow money to stimulate the economy when the economy is doing poorly . 
  things like cutting pensions to make them more sustainable would have been more useful and less damaging if they had been done earlier . 
  to reform before shit hit the fan, 
  not very useful right now, 
  in the netherlands this was simultaneous with the introduction of gay marriage , til that this is not the case elsewhere . 
  being able to adopt a child together is a massive difference imo . 
  this is basically the german government saying that gay couples are less suitable as parents than heterosexual couples . 
  i do n't see how this would not amount to discrimination . 
  how stable are these ? 
  could they ( theoretically ) be used to build macroscopic structures ? 
  patience is key, 
  actually , they quickly agreed on the terms on the bail-out then continued to argue for many hours over whether it would be an agreekment or an agreecement . 
  a wise ( greek ) man once said `` the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must '' . 
  it still seems to work that way .
