  moreover , we would start maintaining their infrastructure . 
   i know that belgium is half french . 
  i think most of the dutch and many flemish would be ok with including flanders and excluding wallonia from this union . 
  brussels would be the main issue because it 's embedded in flanders but a major terrorist breeding ground . 
  i guess we could build a wall around brussels . 
  just praying away the gay, 
  there 's some good points in there but also a lot of stockholm syndrome . 
  we should definitely not allow them to fuel anti-islam sentiments in europe , but we should also definitely bomb the shit out of them . 
  we can not allow them to hold on to territory and we should in fact have taken action much earlier . 
  i do n't know how it is in poland , but in the netherlands the moderate right is the main driving force behind open borders . 
  they like to be able to trade goods , services and labor freely in a common market with no borders . 
  the moderate left is ambiguous on the issue ( they like open borders in principle but fear effects on the labor market ) while the extreme left and right are the ones that are opposed . 
   well , i disagree . 
  i think it was the eu who posed a geopolitical threat by changing the pro-russian orientation to a more european one . 
  those are the lies putin keeps on spreading . 
  the eu never asked ukraine to become more pro-european , they saw the positive impact the eu has on its new member states and want that as well . 
  the eastward expansion of the eu and the nato was not something pushed by western europe , it was at the request of those countries themselves . 
   the internal conflict is about that , mainly . 
  the eu might not have given weaponry or monetary aid to the pro russian rebels as did russia , but we provided them with the president that made this all possible . 
  i must have missed that . 
  when did the eu install a new president in ukraine ? 
   now crimea is another story , but that was only ukranian in name as 60 % of the population was russian . 
  putin took it 's chance to secure his warm water naval base and did so succesfully . 
  i guess it would be fine as well for germany to anschluss austria again then , as long as they do so succesfully ? 
   that 's really the only act of aggression from russia to europe since a very long time . 
  one is way to many though . 
  it is pretty rare to perform a blatant annexation of another country 's territory these days . 
   oil wars in the middle east , however , that 's cost millions of lives and billions of euro 's . 
  that 's mainly iraq . 
  we were talking about saudi arabia . 
   of course on geographical distance , russia is closer so perhaps more of a military threat . 
  i do n't think they 're that stupid though . 
  i would have agreed with you before the annexation of crimea . 
  the russians are much more of potential threat to us than the saudis though . 
  consider for example what happened in ukraine . 
  it would be hard to effectively protect the eastern european eu member states if we are reliant on russia for energy . 
  who will we turn to when oil prices are rising ? 
  we are n't that close to iran yet and we are n't nearly far enough in eliminating our oil dependence . 
  well , from an international perspective amsterdam does n't really have any bad neighborhoods anymore . 
  as an indication , there is no place in amsterdam where i would be afraid to walk alone at night . 
  that said , there are still definitely differences between neighborhoods in income levels , crime levels , ethnic composition , quality of public space and quality of schools . 
  on the one end there is amsterdam zuid ( south ) which does very well on all these metrics and has house prices above $ 4000/m \u00b2 ( often even above $ 5000/m \u00b2 ) in much of its area . 
  the remainder of the area inside the ring road is also pretty good , with house prices above $ 3000 per m \u00b2 ( more near the city center ) . 
  there is some crime in the city center , but it is mostly pickpockets targeting tourists , little serious crime and it does n't really affect the locals . 
  the bad neighborhoods are outside the ring road ( a10 ) , most being in zuid-oost ( south-east , which is isolated from the city itself ) nieuw west ( new west , directly adjacent to the western part of the city ) and noord ( north , which is on the other side of a major river ) . 
  zuid-oost is a bad neighborhood on all these metrics almost everywhere and has house prices that are typically below $ 2000 per m \u00b2 . 
  nieuw west and noord are very diverse . 
  some parts are just as good as those inside the ring road while others look pretty bad , especially where they have not been renewed yet . 
  in nieuw west it can really differ from street to street , with some places with nice apartment buildings where expats live within just 100m from social rental apartments with garbage on the street . 
  burglary and street robberies sometimes happen , but on such a small scale that most individuals have never experienced it first-hand , especially when exercising normal caution as one should in a large city . 
  still , there is no place that is imo really unsafe . 
   yes , but how organized are these dutch local governments ? 
  yes , this is a major difference . 
  amsterdam is a single municipality which is pretty well-organized . 
  moreover , the national government is generally willing to work together with large cities like amsterdam and rotterdam to allow them to customize policies to local situations and there is no extra layer of federal government . 
  that said , the language issue is n't really a good excuse for belgium not to get its act together . 
  some other multilingual countries like switzerland and luxembourg function perfectly well . 
  solutions exist to improve the problems that belgium is experiencing even within the framework of a welfare state and if government is made more efficient i see no reason why they would not apply there . 
  sure , but that does n't mean it 's not possible to renew neighborhoods or build new neighborhoods in ways that create a better mix between social housing and homeowners . 
  amsterdam has been doing this for a while now and it 's pretty successful . 
  it is much safer though , at least if one avoids transnistria . 
  they are not evenly divided though . 
  just look at [ the statistics ] ( http://www.bisa.irisnet.be/bestanden/cijfers/1.3_bevolking_nationaliteiten.xls ) . 
  a crude summation of nationalities gives number ranging from less than 1 % ( watermaal-bosvoorde and sint-pieters-woluwe ) to more than 9 % ( sint-jans-molenbeek and sint-joost-ten-node ) . 
  of course nationality is n't a perfect indicator ( there are also people ethnically turkish , morrocan , etc. 
  without the nationality ) , but it does show that there are major differences between the municipalities . 
  well , that solves the problem then . 
  in amsterdam , bad neighborhoods have been torn down and new buildings built with less social housing to get a better social mix . 
  this definitely led to improvements , even though the process is slow ( and still ongoing ) . 
  that said , amsterdam 's bad neighborhoods are much further away from the city center than molenbeek from brussel 's city center so i guess that makes it more difficult there in practice . 
  moreover , amsterdam is a single municipality ( brussels is fragmented into multiple ) and the netherlands does not have the extra layer of federal government that belgium has , so it 's easier to take drastic action in amsterdam . 
  on the other hand , it 's not hard to become disillusioned with democracy by watching belgian politics . 
  islam is not the same thing as islamism, 
  sure we can , but i doubt enough people are willing to make the sacrifices necessary to make that happen . 
  also , we 'd probably want to avoid assad 's territory given that he is allied with russia . 
  most of them go through regular spelling reforms to keep the spelling consistent and up to date with the spoken language . 
  another factor is the fact that english uses a foreign alphabet ; italian and romanian for example have a pretty much one-to-one mapping between sounds and letters because the latin alphabet was designed for a precursor of their languages . 
  the problem is quite clear with dutch for example : we have many more vowels than latin so we need complex rules to be able to distinguish those sounds in writing . 
   we have the military means to destroy isis by ourselves if we really wanted to do it . 
  bombing helps but bombing alone is n't going to get rid of isis . 
  ground troops are needed and i do n't think any nato country wants to provide those . 
   they are only saying this because it is politically beneficial for them to do so and because they are literally fighting and dying against isis in syria . 
  well , the enemy of our enemy is our friend . 
  let 's use the opportunity to fight isis together with russia , iran and hezbollah . 
   a terrorist attack by hezbollah in europe could be just around the corner . 
  why would they want to do such a thing ? 
  isis likes to trigger hate against muslims because they know that will drive some of the sunni muslims into isis ' arms . 
  there are not many religious shia muslims in europe . 
  moreover , iran wants to improve relationships with the west so they would likely veto any such attack . 
  the question is not whether we should convince them though , but whether it is appropriate to put them in jail for their opinions . 
  to a holocaust denier that would not be a very strong argument . 
  from their perspective , the state made up a historical event and forbids people to question it . 
   denying it would make it possible that it happens again and therefor is also a call to violence that 's quite a jump there . 
  it basically comes down to the same justification totalitarian states use : people voicing their opinion would threaten the security of the state . 
   for stress , all \u00e1 , \u00e9 , \u00ed , \u00f3 en \u00fa are all used , as in `` v\u00f3\u00f3r 12 uur '' . 
  is this official spelling though ? 
  i 've only ever seen it in informal contexts . 
   and even j could have an accent as in `` dat is van m\u00edj\u0301 '' but that may not render correctly depending on what font is used here . 
  i 've never seen this being done . 
  maybe it is specific to belgium ?
