  although moldova is smaller relative to romania , romania is also considerably poorer and probably can not afford to invest lots of money into new territory . 
  moreover , i doubt romania would want to get involved in the mess that transnistria is . 
   eu has become almost exclusively a vehicle for protecting german interests over the continent even if that were true , keep in mind a booming german economy would greatly benefit poland . 
  germany is by far poland 's largest trading partner . 
  true , but still much better than syria at the moment . 
  do n't forget cyprus, 
  i 'm not saying it should be taken as an example , but it 's remarkable that the ec takes up this issue with poland but does n't require other countries to create a constitutional court in the first place . 
  as for the pvv , it is highly unlikely that they would get a majority as no party ever gets a majority in the netherlands . 
  if they did , i imagine the king would veto unacceptable legislation . 
  his mother has spoken out against pvv in the past back when she was the queen . 
  there is a proposed amendment to the consititution to allow judges to test laws against it , but if it passes it will take a long time . 
  changing the consititution requires both new elections and a supermajority so it 's a fairly slow and uncertain procedure . 
  we have a bicameral system , in which the senate can veto legislation and is supposed to determine constitutionality . 
  however , the senate is political and the composition usually pretty similar to that of the parliament . 
  there is also the council of state which advises the cabinet about legal issues with new legislation . 
  it is less political but its advice is non-binding . 
  that said , judges can test legislation against international treating including the european convention on human rights . 
  this covers the most important issues , but not all of the constitution . 
  in the end it 's basically a honor system where politicians have the power to violate the constitution but wo n't do so in practice . 
  in the unlikely case the would blatantly do so , i expect the king would veto the legislation but that would be a very extraordinary event which never happened before afaik . 
  i 'm not sure i understand the issue . 
  the netherlands has no constitutional court and the constitution expressly forbids judges from testing against the constitution . 
  why is it such a big issue for the ec if the polish parliament reduces the power of the constitutional court ? 
  german efficiency right here, 
  your uncle does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  france 's healthcare is among the best in the world , even ranked * the * best sometimes ( [ example ] ( http://thepatientfactor.com/canadian-health-care-information/world-health-organizations-ranking-of-the-worlds-health-systems/ ) ) . 
  this must be why the german army has tanks, 
   why non-belgian people are so eager to stop the beautiful 180 years old administrative wonder that is belgium have you seen their ` roads ' ? 
  any reason it 's france rather than your neighbor ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  if he kills charles , william would be the next king . 
  even if he killed both , george would still become king . 
  in addition to the pretty nice economic growth in general , it 's interesting to see how the gap is closing . 
  most poorer countries are growing at a much faster rate than the richer countries . 
  greece and portugal seem to be left behind though , if they do n't improve they will soon be passed by poland and latvia . 
  ikea sells them, 
   shit on shelfs in the netherlands we do this too . 
  the netherlands has the exact same system . 
  here in the netherlands this is getting less common too . 
  the names never officially changed anyways , people are simply allowed to use their spouse 's surname if they like . 
  why ? 
  week numbers are in every calendar and less awkward than `` the week of december 21st '' and similar constructs . 
  moreover , it 's easier to do math on them . 
   probably most known in poland would be nowa huta the pictures actually make it look pretty good . 
  in the netherlands we do n't really have this . 
  to go through the examples there : * abortion : christian parties frequently bring this up * refugees : wilders pvv has a vocal group of supporters voicing anti-immigration ideas * animal rights : there is an entire party devoted to this * homosexual adoption : never heard anyone argue against this specifically but i 'm almost certain christian parties are ( silently ? ), 
  against it * death penalty : not considered acceptable in politics but individuals do occasionally bring up the fact that they want to bring it back * wolves : not realistic in the netherlands for now . 
  i 'd loves for wolves to come back though , it would be the ultimate sign that nature is properly protected . 
  * wind power : nimby groups often argue against wind power if that counts * graduation ceremonies in churches : that is not a thing here, 
  there is always the question of whether the desires of a majority should be able to override the rights of the minority . 
  this is why we have constitutions and human rights conventions , especially after seeing what majority rule could do in the holocaust . 
   same-sex marriage is not recognized as a human right by international conventions that depends on how you read them . 
  the european convention of human rights for example provides to right to marry and a prohibition of discrimination in applying of the rights in the convention . 
  combine them and we have a right to marriage equality . 
  any way a european court could force the issue like in the us ? 
  after all , a human rights issue should n't depend on public opinion . 
   most of the people who voted no are perfectly fine with same-sex couples having the same social rights as heterosexual couples . 
  they were against same-sex couples obtaining legal rights to adoption of orphaned children . 
  does n't having the same rights not also imply having the same rights to adopt children ? 
  i do n't see how they can be separated , even more so because afaik it is well-established by now that being raised by a same-sex couple does not disadvantage children in any way . 
   beheaded heads heads can not be beheaded . 
  the result of beheading are a beheaded body and a severed head . 
  russia and isis come to mind, 
  at least for the netherlands that may have to do with the fact that the christmas celebration with santa clause as a whole was imported from the us . 
  traditionally presents are given at saint nicolas eve and christmas mainly involved going to church and putting up a christmas tree ( except for conservative protestants , who considered such trees to be heretical ) . 
  that 's not how statistics work . 
  the accuracy of the statistics depends on the sample size , not on the population size . 
  a bigger issue is the question whether the sample is representative , which is not clear from the article . 
  at least you beat belgium . 
   oh , well ... i 'm starting to enjoy living in a country which no one cares about and actually looking at it as a benefit the good part is isis wo n't plan any attacks in your country if they do n't know it exists . 
  the bad part is they might get confused and perform attacks intended for slovenia . 
  dear norway , do you have a mountain for us as well ? 
  any will do . 
  sincerely , the netherlands, 
   in one case you are punishing someone for what he does and in the other case you questioning the morality and reason for why someone does something . 
  you 're not allowed to kill someone , except in self-defense . 
  you 're not allowed to cross the border without a visa , except when traveling from an unsafe country to a safe country as an asylum seeker . 
  where is the difference ? 
   it 's baffling to me that the eu can spend unimaginable large amount of money `` fixing '' its economic problems but ca n't handle paying comparable pity amount of money to solve a problem with human live involved states collect taxes and therefore have a duty to spend that money on the people they are collecting taxes from . 
  to spend substantial sums on other purposes would be improper . 
  moreover , it 's unclear how money could solve this problem at all . 
  the only thing i could think of is by making a bigger military effort to destroy isis but that would require boots on the ground as well . 
   pretending the refugees are not `` real refugees '' , that they do n't face harm in their home country just because they want to seek out the best life they can have in their current situation is degrading . 
  when people rob a bank to get the best possible lives for themselves that 's not ok . 
  there 's nothing degrading about stopping them or punishing them for it . 
  why is it any different when they cross borders illegally to get the best possible lives for themselves ? 
  there 's nothing degrading about stopping them once the basic requirement of providing them a safe environment has been met . 
   oh you have that very much backwards . 
  the current rules about refugee distributions is what is not sustainable . 
  you think it 's sustainable if anyone could move everywhere without restrictions then ? 
  because that is the consequence of not enforcing the rules . 
  they should be thankful someone sheltered them against the threat against their life in their home country . 
  they should follow the rules about refugee distribution . 
  having them all move to the same country - whether it is germany or italy - is not a sustainable solution . 
  moreover , the aim should be for them to move back once syria recovers so the `` better life '' argument does n't really hold up . 
  yes , this is the agreement i 'm talking about . 
  to the extent that this is not enough i agree it should be extended but italy ( and others ) also need to follow the rules and register all refugees . 
  no , let 's control the distribution of asylum seekers by documenting where they entered . 
  an agreement has already been made to distribute refugees afterwards . 
  if they are real refugees they would be happy to have reached any safe country at all .
