  while it 's true that europe has a hard time reaching agreement on a solution for the refugees , the second part is false . 
  germany does n't play an especially large role nor is it specifically requested to do so . 
  also , in practice the refugee problem would most likely not really affect you . 
  there would almost certainly be an explicit reasoning behind the decision to allow syrian refugees , either in the law/decree itself or during parliamentary debate about the issue ( responses from cabinet ministers especially ) . 
  i imagine that reasoning would be applied by the court . 
  it 's just a matter of rejected iraqi immigrants going to court and showing that their situation is identical to the syrians accepted as refugees . 
  as a government you ca n't make decisions like this ad hoc , there has to be a general principle that is applied the same way to all people in the same situation . 
  it 's important to keep in mind that syria is not the only troubled country out there . 
  if we accept all syrians we should also accept all others in similar situations . 
  even just in/near the middle east that would currently include at least iraq ( 36m ) , afghanistan ( 26m ) , yemen ( 26m ) and parts of pakistan ( 191m ) . 
  with those numbers , the logic quickly breaks down . 
  moreover , i 'm sure plenty of africans are in a similar situation as well as the potential for similar conflicts in the future . 
  simple : * conquer chunk of the syrian coastline * keep it safe * build refugee camps there * send the boats there, 
  i still do n't see the relationship . 
  dublin requires asylum applications to be done in the country of first arrival and requires fingerprinting to be done there ( the main problem being the fact that the southern european countries seem to ignore this rule ) . 
  schengen allows for passport-free travel but does not allow immigrants who entered through another country to stay in the other countries , let alone receive welfare support there . 
  it 's a fantasy to think that without schengen it would be hard to cross intra-eu borders illegally , as for example the problems in macedonia show . 
  what needs to happen is that southern europe starts fingerprinting and ideally that fingerprinting be replaced by more effective methods like dna identification . 
  also , countries need to put more effort into quick deportation of illegal immigrants and rejected asylum seekers . 
  can someone please explain how the two are incompatible ? 
  why did you change the title to leave out the word `` foreign '' ? 
  you 're suggesting these countries are corrupt while the article is about them not doing enough to prevent corruption abroad . 
  they are deported because they have no legal status , not because they are gypsies . 
  and probably even more kremlin trolls pretending to be, 
  the fact that i never pay for coffee makes me bulgarian ? 
  i have absolutely nothing against bulgarians but it seems rather far off . 
  and a free vacation to siberia no doubt, 
  amsterdam : a basic apartment , 2 rooms/60 m ^ 2 close to the city center or 3 rooms/100m ^ 2 on the outskirts of the city, 
  by this time we will have progressed to the point where we can let two women have a baby together . 
  we are already close to the point where we can grow sperm cells from stem cells so it should be a simple matter of creating a female sperm cell and fertilizing the other 's egg with it . 
  how about if we do it peacefully by organizing a wedding between our princess catharina-amalia and your princess elisabeth ? 
  poor greece , never getting a break, 
  our king 's day is much better , does n't that compensate ? 
   now that 's an understatement . 
  i do n't see how the hague abduction convention is applicable in this case . 
  as i already mentioned it is not directly applicable but it does show the principle of keeping the child wherever they were living . 
  also , how about [ this paper ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/stud/2015/519236/ipol_stu%282015%29519236_en.pdf ) from the european parliament which concludes :   in this way , the ecthr found that england 's legislation on adoption , and in particular the mechanism for dispensing with parental consent if it is in the best interests of the child , is in conformity with the requirements of article 8 echr . 
   you 're willing to overlook that the mother did n't receive proper legal counsel that would be significant but seems unlikely to be true . 
  again , she must have had an interpreter available and has been advised to seek legal council . 
   and that the child was placed in a home that was ill-equipped to help her preserve her identity ? 
  again , without the expert report it is unclear whether this is true . 
   i mean , what you 're essentially arguing is that keeping the child in her country of residence ( because that is somehow really important to two-year-olds ) trumps everything else , from considerations regarding familial ties to language issues , which i honestly find bizarre the parent has proven herself to be unsuitable . 
  at that point , her concerns no longer matter . 
  family ties are relevant in so far that it 's better to place her with people she already knows well , assuming they would be suitable . 
  apparently that was not the case here . 
  other than that i do n't see how family ties or latvia are relevant given that the child 's ties with the parents are severed . 
  at this point , most likely the child is n't even a latvian citizen anymore . 
  again , i simply do n't believe the court did not consider the language issue . 
  i 'd love to see what the judgment and expert reports say about this . 
   '' ... the six-year-old was put in non-russian speaking foster care which has delayed her language development . '', 
  it clearly states it 's her lawyers making this claim though . 
  if this was brought up in trial i 'm sure the court had an independent expert investigate the issue . 
  their report would be a good indication of what really happened . 
   why not ? 
  the [ international norm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hague_convention_on_the_civil_aspects_of_international_child_abduction ) is that the child remains wherever it was habitually resident . 
  although this treaty applies to a somewhat different situation , it makes sense to extend the general principle . 
  again , it is not in the interest of the child to move her all across europe if she 's always lived in the uk . 
   the mother clearly did n't understand agreeing to have her child temporarily taken away could result in an adoption , hence this entire mess . 
  the facts of the case and the fact that they ended up forcing an adoption show that they would definitely have removed the child involuntarily otherwise , so that would n't really matter . 
   the child was placed in a non-russian-speaking home at an age where a change like that is likely to impede its speech development . 
  if that is true , i agree that is wrong . 
  afaics there is nothing about that in the article though . 
   no effort was made to contact latvian authorities . 
  probably it was never an option to move the child to latvia so the latvian authorities were quite irrelevant . 
   as far as i can tell , the mother , who only spoke poor english at the time , did n't receive proper legal counsel . 
  uk courts provide interpreters for family cases and the judge would certainly have told her to seek counsel if she had none . 
  i find this very hard to believe . 
  i 'm sure there 's plenty of potential foster/adoptive parents who speak or are willing to learn russia , i do n't think the language will be a problem . 
  does n't seem like a good reason to transport the child all across europe . 
  the thing to keep in mind is that the court only considers what would be in the best interest of the child . 
  what the parents want no longer matters at that point . 
  the reason to prefer family is to minimize the change for the child , not because that 's what the parents want . 
  if the family lives all the way across europe , there is no benefit compared to random strangers . 
  the child always lived in the uk so taking it all the way across europe will do more harm than good . 
  the point of using a family member is to minimize the change in their life by letting someone raise them who they already know . 
  to bring the child to latvia would achieve the opposite . 
  if there was a family member they were familiar with living nearby that would have been different and the judge should have considered it , but i see no indication that is the case here . 
  would n't it be the frisians though ? 
  they may be a majority in their province but country-wide they are a minority . 
  my experience in the netherlands : none of the muslims i know eat pork and all fast in the ramadan , but none of them pray five times a day and most drink alcohol . 
  the same-sex marriage figure is better than that in the bundestag given that germany still has n't legalized gay marriage . 
   also the energy comes from power plants ? 
  the amount of power produced by a power plant is limited by the amount of fuel you put in , which in turn affects the emissions . 
  until we 've switched to renewable or nuclear power , this is n't really feasible within co2 emissions limits . 
  i 'm sure a judge would consider that in cases where it is an option . 
  however , there are cases where there 's no suitable candidates or there is too much risk they might expose the child to the birth parents . 
  why ? 
  what do you think would be the best solution if it is clear that the child can not safely be with their birth parents and this wo n't improve in the future ? 
  netherlands here : what water shortage ? 
  yes , child protective services can request this and a judge will decide . 
  if there is no perspective of the child returning to the parents in the future , the judge would generally accept such a request . 
  a stable situation is considered to be in the best interest of the child and this can mean permanently severing contact with the birth parents . 
  at least for the netherlands , adoption is the long-term goal if the situation with the birth parents can not be improved . 
  long-term foster care is considered highly undesirable here . 
  i 'm pretty sure the uk and nl are not the only ones in this . 
  that is what it implies though . 
  children should n't remain in foster care for too long , they need stability , especially if they are very young . 
  removing children from an unsafe environment long-term means adoption . 
  poverty is not a criterion and the uk provides legal support for poor people . 
  many poor people manage to take care or their child perfectly fine , without any neglect or unsanitary conditions .
