  no way , nothing is efficient in belgium, 
  well , at least that 'll keep them busy for a while . 
  they 'd be fighting all the time because one kid has lots of candy and the other wants to take it . 
   sort of us-visa process . 
  i guess you 're not yet part of the visa waiver program then . 
  visiting the us is a breeze here . 
  not just a suffix , but the letter `` ij '' seems very specific to dutch and english speakers seem to think it 's a very strange combination . 
  although it derives from the long `` i '' like in paris and berlin , it is pronounced like german `` ei '' ( which also exists in dutch , with the same sound as well ) . 
  these are the most common in the netherlands : * kerkstraat - church street ( 511x ) * schoolstraat - school street ( 454x ) * molenstraat - mill street ( 326x ) * dorpsstraat - village street ( 316x ) * molenweg - mill road ( 265x ) * julianastraat - juliana is a former queen ( 254x ) * nieuwstraat - new street ( 235x ) * wilhelminastraat - wilhelmina is a former queen ( 229x ) * parallelweg - parallel road ( 221x ) * sportlaan - sports avenue ( 206x ), 
  while there will be no united ukraine , putin would probably make the argument that he is working for a united russia ( which is coincidentally also the name of his party ) . 
  a blank vote would be the clearest signal to delegitimize the referendum . 
  unesco requires world heritage sites to be exceptional . 
  while there are many nice historical city centers in the netherlands , many of them are quite similar . 
   dutch luxembourish , going by the blue in the flags, 
  well , the cut will need to happen some day . 
  the earlier we start , the less dramatic the impact . 
  their reasoning makes no sense : * 50 % of the netherlands already below sea level * being below sea level will make the netherlands drown, 
  here , have a potato, 
  sure , but they do so by their own choice . 
  if someone else can remove them from their position while they are still alive and sound of mind , they can hardly been called sovereign . 
  afaik they can be excommunicated by the pope . 
  moreover , istm they could be assigned to another diocese . 
  still , would it be appropriate to refer to this as a monarchy ? 
  istm this would be a diarchy at best . 
  moreover , the position is not inherited and not even for life . 
  tsjechi\u00eb in dutch, 
  indeed , hence my point of fundamental rights . 
  well , the issue is that not expressing a preference does not mean you do not have one . 
  it is quite possible for people to be unable to understand the letters or register themselves or for someone to simply not receive or read their mail . 
  i 'm not sure why you would think i object to intestacy laws given that i 've already indicated i 'm fine with having the next of kin choose . 
  they represent the deceased better than the government . 
  for some people , a body is not supposed to be used . 
  for example , some christians think that it would be wrong to remove organs because they believe they will be resurrected on the day of judgment . 
  while i do not myself believe this , i do think it is important to respect such wishes even if for whatever reason they do not register . 
  it 's their body , not the government 's . 
  fwiw this is exactly what i 've deliberately chosen to do by not choosing . 
  my next of kin know that in principle i 'm ok with donation but want to offer them the possibility to decide not to do it if for any reason they would feel bad about it at that point . 
  the right to life means that others ( and in particular the government ) can not deprive you of your life ( or , in countries with capital punishment , not without due process ) . 
  it does not mean they need to do anything in their power to prevent you from dying a natural death . 
  even if you die it 's still your body , to be disposed of in accordance with your own or next of kin 's wishes . 
  it 's not right for the government to take it just because it is useful for others . 
  by the same logic , any kind of expropriation would be fine if others can be helped by it . 
  some concrete issues : * the government requires you to register , taking away the choice not to choose . 
  * people who are unable to understand the paperwork or to register are effectively forced to donate , possibly against their will . 
  the old system will have cases where people would have agreed to donate but the organs were lost . 
  the new system will have cases where people would have disagreed but their organs are taken anyways . 
  either is undesirable but the question is which is worse . 
  i would say the latter is worse as it violates the fundamental right to decide about one 's own body while the former is certainly wasteful and undesirable but does not violate any fundamental rights . 
  imo the government can only violate fundamental rights if the alternative would be an even graver violation of rights . 
  or very thick, 
  the netherlands as well . 
  in belgium , is there no difference between flanders and wallonia ? 
  i would have expected the latter to be more like france . 
   we 're not trying to make everyone equal , we 're trying to give everyone equal chances . 
  only then we can say that people who have wealth have earned it , give or take good or bad luck . 
  i can see why the government would make it easier for disadvantaged people to allow them to realize their full potential . 
  i do n't see , however , why the government would make life more difficult for advantaged people just for the sake of it . 
  moreover , it is not fair to the parent , who would be restricted in how they can use their own money . 
   you can inherit a fortune and never have to work a day in your life , living of the interest . 
  how is that fair , or the result of inborn skills or qualities ? 
  well , life is not always fair . 
  it does n't have to be , as long as everyone gets at least the chance to make something of their life . 
  i still do n't quite see the problem with inheriting money and/or power . 
  if the parent earned it , why ca n't they give it to their children/descendants ? 
  people are n't and will never be equal even when they are born - even if nobility and money are taken out of the equation they will always inherit skills genetically , be affected by their parent 's education and social circles . 
  trying to make everyone equal is hopeless as well as unnecessary . 
  as for ideas bout monarchy/nobility , i guess that may be a cultural difference given that you 're from a country that takes pride in its republican tradition while i 'm from a monarchy . 
  i have no problem with taxation as such , but your comment suggests having an effective 100 % tax above a certain threshold . 
  i do n't see how that is different expropriation/theft . 
  what is the problem with aristocracy and how is it new ? 
  how is it different from for example monarch inheriting the throne ? 
  one can always steal someone else 's money and use it to do useful stuff . 
  that does n't make it right . 
  guess we need to introduce a beach uniform to ensure all visitors of the beach look the same . 
  why not ? 
  where is the harm in having people decide for themselves where their own money goes after their death ? 
  the thing is , we 're talking about countries here . 
  countries look after the good of their own population , not that of others . 
  for this reason trade regulations are reciprocal . 
  if romania blocks access to their market , they should expect to be blocked from the other markets in turn . 
  as such , it will do nothing but harm in the end . 
  here in the netherlands supermarkets usually specify the country of origin for the produce they sell , which should be a good indication for this purpose . 
  is this not the case oin romania ? 
  generally tomatoes , bell peppers , etc. 
  will be more tasty when they are from sunnier countries . 
  i do n't think anyone is disputing dutch tomatoes are the least tasty ones out there ; mediterranean/romanian ones are much better . 
  it seems consumers prefer cheap over tasty because otherwise they would buy their groceries someplace that sells better quality goods . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  sounds like it is really the banks and the government that need to ( be forced to ) improve , because without proper banks you ca n't really have a well-functioning modern economy . 
  it 's sad when things like these hold a country 's economy back even if it is well known how it should be organized from foreign examples . 
  if you get subsidized per cow , why not buy more cows ? 
  it makes a lot of economic sense to scale up production . 
  it would also address some of the other issues mentioned in the thread of small producers being sloppy administratively and hard to deal with . 
  you need to keep in mind that the eu is a delicate balancing act . 
  all countries want to export their products but import as little as possible to stimulate their own economies . 
  each country has their own specialty : some have agriculture , others have industrial goods , yet others have services , ... 
  if the markets are closed on agriculture it would also affect the others . 
  for example , france could say : if romania wo n't import our wines , we do n't want any more eastern european plumbers to be allowed to work here . 
  the system only works because it is enforced that no country can close any part of their market and would collapse soon if anything like this were allowed . 
  in the netherlands we produce much more efficiently though , so the yield per hectare should be much higher .
