   the diaeresis is used in \u00eb ( kopi\u00ebren ) , \u00ef ( ru\u00efne ) , \u00f6 ( co\u00f6rdineren ) en \u00fc ( vacu\u00fcm ) . 
  there 's also \u00e4 but since the rules changed in 1995 i ca n't think of any words left that still use them . 
    there 's also \u00e8 to get a specific sound like in `` bl\u00e8ren '' yes , you 're right . 
  both i and the map missed this . 
   and \u00e9 is also used in the number '' \u00e9\u00e9n '' yes , this is why i included it . 
   what about v\u00f3\u00f3rkomen vs voork\u00f3men ? 
  i think i also saw d\u00e1\u00e1r somewhere . 
  although you do ( rarely ) see that in informal contexts i strongly doubt any of that is considered officially valid spelling . 
   also , what about \u00f6 as in co\u00f6peratie ? 
  true , they also missed that one then . 
  i do n't think the dutch one is correct : * we use these normally : \u00eb , \u00ef , \u00fc ( the last one is missing from the overview ) * we use this one in exceptional cases ( for stress ) : \u00e9 * afaik we do not use these at all : \u00e1 , \u00ed , \u00f3 , \u00fa, 
  nice !, 
  thanks, 
  the netherlands : * there is a drumming sound of rain in each of the seasons . 
  * the storms are moved to autumn . 
  * there are no hunters . 
  * sounds of the harvest are dampened because it occurs inside a greenhouse . 
  * sounds of the snow are more water-like as it has been salted and is a wet grayish mess . 
  i can imagine e-mail providers should also be taxed to support telegraph companies , who would in turn need to pay for the horse couriers they put out of business . 
  i would say that abortions are typically a symptom of poor sex education . 
  unfortunately , improving sex education has a tendency of driving down birth rates . 
  that 's pretty bad . 
  the government should start handing out condoms with holes . 
  or maybe stop removing kebab . 
  it says 30,000 is over the same time period though . 
  fun fact : the bible explicitly forbids christmas trees :  thus saith the lord , learn not the way of the heathen , and be not dismayed at the signs of heaven ; for the heathen are dismayed at them . 
    for the customs of the people are vain : for one cutteth a tree out of the forest , the work of the hands of the workman , with the axe . 
    they deck it with silver and with gold ; they fasten it with nails and with hammers , that it move not . 
  [ jeremiah 10:2 -4 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=jeremiah+10&amp;version=kjv ), 
  belgium successful ? 
  i guess they built good roads back then and never bothered to maintain them . 
   `` since 2000 , around 300,000 people have left serbia and in the same period we were devoid of around 30,000 people due to a low birth rate . 
  given all these factors , we have lost almost one million people in the last 15 years , '' can anyone explain the math please ? 
  it does n't add up for me . 
   after a whole year the case still has n't started yet because , as op correctly wrote here [ 1 ] , `` that evaluation can only be done in a specialized institution , that we do not have in belgium even though there is a law from 1964 stating that we ought to have one . '', 
  is this what the pieter baan centrum is in the netherlands ? 
  is there any reason they can not use that instead ? 
  it 'd be nicer if the three roundabouts were organized in a ring shape rather than on a straight line - a roundabout of roundabouts . 
  netherlands : inwards . 
  the thing is that most who are rejected as asylum seekers end up staying as illegal immigrants . 
  it would only work if there were also an active deportation policy , which there is n't currently . 
  immigrants do n't stay in eastern europe voluntarily . 
  the uk can keep most of them out because it is an island and they are not in schengen . 
  hence , they would get more of them if there were an eu-wide asylum system . 
  your username suggests we are allowed to execute you, 
  as much as i am against the referendum and in favor of the association treaty , the article does raise a very valid point :  in many ways , the demand for another referendum on the eu is rooted in the failure of the dutch and eu establishment to respond adequately to the rejection of the european constitution in 2005 given that it was imposed via the backdoor in the form of the lisbon treaty . 
  when did george orwell take over the eu 's propaganda department ? 
  translates to `` east tuber dam '', 
   flanders is n't a country . 
  not yet anyways  the reason for my reply was the fact that ghangy ( like you ) flies the flemish flag, 
  well , that 's easy then as luxembourg is not a neighbor of flanders . 
   by voting for eusceptics . 
  i 'm not at all against the eu though . 
  i think it 's great to have a trade and customs union and it 's providing many benefits . 
  i do n't think it should have a parliament because there is n't a european electorate . 
  difference between the countries are too great . 
  instead , rules could be harmonized between the governments on a voluntary basis . 
   this legislation is good , it 's simply not good enough . 
  if it was blocked entirely we would be worse off , since there is no law preventing isp 's from selling traffic capacity to the highest bidder yet in most countries . 
  each country could have introduced its own law according to the preferences of its own population . 
  the netherlands already did this and it 's better than the proposed law . 
   besides , where countries do get the veto we do get even worse results : for example , spain blocking sensible fishing quota such is the unfortunate reality of international relations . 
  even now , the eu ca n't prevent other countries from fishing in international waters . 
  without spain , other countries could still restrict fishing in their own eezs . 
   france blocking to end the ep carroussel from brussels to strasbourg . 
  this is already happening in the current arrangement . 
  tbh they are n't even entirely in the wrong as the parliament could legally be moved entirely to strassbourg , which would also solve the problem . 
  well , how else could one convey the message that there should not be a european parliament in the first place ? 
  if instead the national governments decide by unanimity , each one could block things like this . 
   so the countries that put them there have nobody to blame but themselves . 
  so how about the others then ? 
  we have a proper net neutrality law and now the eu is messing it up . 
  not all of us , here in the netherlands we have a proper net neutrality law . 
  now the eu is messing this up even for us . 
  it 's not possible to have a passport of the netherlands antilles . 
  the country is dissolved and moreover the people living there have ( and had before the dissolution ) the dutch nationality . 
  what do the regions do ? 
  with eu , national , department and municipality levels , are there any policy areas left for the regions ? 
  in the netherlands we have one fewer level ( eu , national , province and municipality ) and even here the provinces do almost nothing ( we do have another layer managing the dykes and polders , but it is n't hierarchical with the others ) . 
  could any bulgarians translate and/or tell us what policy platforms they run on ? 
  also , is it a requirement in bulgaria for mayors to look like mobsters ? 
  then they should pass the test, 
  these people are not stupid . 
  once they arrived , they are the once who suffer most from more asylum seekers coming in . 
  this would put more pressure on the scarce resources available for shelter and public opinion . 
  if they can convince others to go elsewhere , they themselves benefit . 
  have relations with wallonia deteriorated that badly ? 
  why are the totals so low in latvia and lithuania ? 
  do n't they have any industry ? 
  netherlands because even though it 's a separate administrative division , it 's historically part of flanders and also embedded in flemish territory, 
  i do n't know how it is in greece , but in the netherlands that is specifically one of the duties of bus drivers . 
  people are required to get in at the front so that the driver can see then check in their chip card . 
  people who do n't are not allowed to board the bus . 
  so did they prove that they had tickets ? 
  and if not , why are the courts even bothering with this ? 
   why is the difference so big compared to the usual gdp per capita maps ? 
  for the netherlands : until very recently there was a strong tax incentive for interest-only mortgages where no repayment was made on the principal . 
  hence people tend to still have relatively high mortgages on their homes , which means relatively little net wealth despite a high income . 
  netherlands : vvd ( our primary right-wing party ) fits into the first group and the christian parties cda and sgp fit into the third group . 
  pvv ( wilders ' anti-islam party ) fits into both the first and the second group .
