  eu immigrants who apply for welfare get deported based on the grounds that they apparently can not support themselves . 
  would a similar policy not suffice for cameron ? 
  it 's awesome . 
  its only flaw is that it should have been even bigger , looking down on the common people from great height . 
  well , there 's still public transportation , cycling and walking . 
  this is also how the issue is generally viewed in the netherlands . 
  it would certainly have had a negative impact , but there is also a negative impact of bailing them out . 
  they basically provided an implicit guarantee to large banks that governments will bail them out if they fail . 
  it means that larger banks can take more risks than others , which creates unfair competition . 
  a better policy would be to place restrictions on banks - splitting them and preventing mergers - that prevent future too-big-to-fail scenarios but afaik this has n't happened . 
  in addition , in this case it is very hard to say what would have happened without the bailout . 
  given the fact that abn amro is already returning to the stock market soon , it would seem that it had sufficient value that a private sector takeover could have worked . 
  otherwise it would seem likely the bank would be split up and the healthy parts sold , which would limit the impact . 
  i fully agree the banks should not have been saved , neither in greece nor elsewhere btw . 
  however , this is a reality we need to deal with now . 
  it is n't true that there was no opposition to the bailouts btw ; at least in the netherlands the government has been heavily criticized for them and has lost considerable support due to this . 
  currently , greece does n't have the money both to service the debts it agreed to and implement keynesian policy . 
  you say the debt is unsustainable and needs to be restructured . 
  basically you are asking for debt forgiveness so that syriza can implements its anti-austerity policies , meaning the eurozone citizens end up paying for them . 
  regardless of the economics behind it , there is absolutely no political will among eurozone citizens to do this . 
  if we need to respect the democratic will of the greek electorate , should n't the same apply to the electorates of the creditor countries ? 
  the thing is , syriza is asking to borrow more money after reneging on the greek government 's earlier promises . 
  why would the eurozone still trust them or future governments to keep their side of the bargain ? 
  the only solution is to require short-term action that generates quick revenue , such as the pensions cut . 
  lack of trust rules out acceptance of austerity-lite . 
  keep in mind that the eurozone 's primary goal is not to help the greek citizens but to recover the money they already loaned asap to keep their own citizens happy . 
   that 's why it 's imperative that austerity policies stop immediately . 
  but who will pay for that ? 
  swiss flag , flair `` currently living in the uk '' . 
  this could be at least five different languages even if just the official ones are considered . 
  does that mean low countries ? 
  or something else ? 
  either that or we are being fed nonsense . 
  here 's a [ google translate of a news article ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=es&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nu.nl%2fpolitiek%2f4061748%2fkamer-laakt-koenders-gebrekkige-bescherming-antillen-venezuela.html&amp;edit-text= ) about this from yesterday . 
  are any of the  $ 50 notes ever used legitimately ? 
  i 've never even seen $ 500 and i 've seen $ 100 and $ 200 only once or twice or so . 
  and while we 're cleaning up anyways , let 's get rid of the $ 0.01 and $ 0.02 coins as well . 
  i think you misspelled western spain, 
   that 's the issue with population forecasts , we do n't , but we do not have a reason to assume the growth rate would significantly decline either . 
  looking at the [ population pyramid ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/visualisaties/bevolkingspiramide ) i would actually expect a substantial drop some 15-20 years from now , when the relatively large group of 20-30 year old women starts to reach menopause . 
  given the relatively small number of 0-10 year olds currently , that drop would only get worse later on . 
  the rate could only remain constant if either birth rates or immigration increase considerably . 
   but it 's all wet finger work . 
  make that the cat wise !, 
   why is it important ? 
  there are too many humans on earth as it is . 
  low rates of reproduction and/or emigration of young people would eventually result in an unsustainable dependency ratio , reducing the standard of living . 
  in addition , population decrease in itself reduces demand for housing , which could seriously damage the economy . 
  do we have any reason to assume the growth rate would remain the same ? 
  istm as the population pyramid changes it would affect the growth rate because people do n't reproduce past a certain age . 
  how about the employees then ? 
  i feel that workers should never be exposed to carcinogens as part of their employment . 
  that 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  trump would never get the trains to run on time . 
  much of the electorate can not be properly informed . 
  i 'm pretty sure a majority of the population would not even be able to comprehend the relevant laws/treaties because they lack the language level required even if they are native speakers . 
  this is why they are represented by people who share their concerns and actually know how to address them . 
   and before you say that politics are more complex then cars the principles remain the same , so that is not a valid argument . 
  i would say it * is * a valid argument . 
  if we used referendums for everything the people would vote for expanding welfare and decreasing tax constantly . 
  at some point there would be a point where there 's no more money and no more ability to borrow more . 
  people do n't know what they are voting about and you ca n't govern a country issue by issue , in the case of the ukraine referendum lots of voters had been fed the lie that this would be about their support for the eu . 
  these people are clueless and their vote means nothing because there should never have been a referendum about this treaty in the first place . 
  or britain . 
  usually it goes back further . 
  for example , third-generation turks/morrocans are still referred to as turks/morrocans even though their parent were born in the netherlands . 
  not sure how much this means . 
  we do n't hold a census because all data is registered anyways . 
  we do register which country people 's parents were born in ; not exactly race/ethnicity but definitely related . 
  in the end , the people always pay . 
  in the netherlands they mostly pay directly to the insurance company while in an nhs-like system they pay through taxes . 
  what i 'm referring to is the total healthcare expenditures , which includes both . 
  abortion scores are better if the abortion rates are lower . 
  however , poland ( according to the table on page 25 ) restricts access to abortion , which results in a bad score . 
  i would say that makes sense - by restricting access you encourage illegal abortions so it is a terrible thing to do health-wise . 
  it does n't reduce the cost , but it makes it more visible and it provides more incentive for care providers to cater to their customers ' needs . 
  in particular , waiting lists have been much smaller since we did away with the old ( public ) system . 
   you guys have a system closer to the us one ( privatized ) than the one in other european countries ( public ) , right ? 
  actually , the netherlands also has a fully private system . 
  both insurance companies and care providers are private here . 
  the key is regulation : requiring everyone to get health insurance covering a certain basic package and requiring insurance companies to accept anyone for this package . 
  there is also a system of redistribution for insurance companies that take high-risk people and tax-based redistribution for customers to ensure poor people can afford health insurance . 
   does that mean that people also experience the same problems that occurs in the us ( people not being able to afford healthcare ) ? 
  for the netherlands : no . 
  this is due to the regulations i mentioned . 
  the yearly deductible can be expensive for poor people who are chronically ill but no one is not treated due to income and there is no such thing as medical debts . 
   and if not , do you think your system is better ( less of a strain in the economy and better for the hospitals and people , in general ) than the european system ? 
  i would say the system works very well . 
  care is of a high level and waiting lists are much smaller since we did away with the old ( public ) system . 
  that said , i believe overal health expenditure is also relatively high . 
  nothing to say about wallonia ? 
  we have borders with them as well . 
   if you want to protest the vote itself , then you spoil your ballot paper so it 's counted in turnout but not towards either vote . 
  incorrect , it would still count towards the turnout which is exactly what they wanted to avoid . 
   your missing vote is 100 % meaningless . 
  nope , it is well known many people boycotted the vote and this gives the government the option of rejecting the referendum as non-representative . 
  moreover , the minister of interior affairs has already announced the referendum law will change based on what happened . 
  the pro-referendum people may have won this battle but they will be losing the war . 
  blank would show disagreement of the election ( or all the parties ) in the ep elections where the turnout does n't matter . 
  in this case however , a blank vote would benefit the organizers of the referendum because it increases the turnout .
