  even if we can make an agreement with the government against the people 's will , there is a substantial risk a later government would renege on it . 
  greece has no money to spend , so they 'll either need someone to supply them with money or they 'll need to print their own . 
  the former means accepting the strings that come attached with the money , namely austerity . 
  this was rejected in the referendum . 
  the latter means an exit from the euro . 
  how about democracy in the creditor countries ? 
  i 'm pretty sure a clear majority in many of them would reject giving greece any more loans and/or debt forgiveness . 
  that is not the question that was asked though . 
  the only thing we know is that the greeks do n't want the agreement , which was clearly indicated by the eurozone as the final agreement . 
  there is no element in the question of `` do you want to say in the euro '' . 
  in addition , it has been made clear in advance that rejection of the agreement would mean rejection of the euro . 
  greece ca n't have their cake and eat it too . 
  how can the eurozone continue to negotiate after a `` no '' though ? 
  can we expect a people that rejected the eurozone to honor the government 's agreements in the future ? 
  even if we trust tsipras , new elections may bring even more radical governments . 
  istm this `` no '' is the end of the road and the only priority now is to make a grexit as orderly as possible . 
  only greece has a democracy , everyone on / r/europe knows that . 
  if the greek people want something , everyone else has to do their bidding . 
  do n't tell me you think this was n't planned well in advance . 
  good riddance , a pity it 's too late now . 
  send the bank a letter stating that you will hold a referendum a week from now . 
  then if at least half the people living in the house vote `` no '' you lose the mortgage and keep the house . 
  that is , after all , how democracy works , right ? 
  a `` no '' pretty much seals the deal for bankruptcy , in which case keeping the banks alive on the euro no longer really serves any purpose and just wastes money . 
  i can see the ela being extended in case of `` yes '' , but it seems very unlikely in case of `` no '' . 
  a wise choice . 
  we did , in fact , name our highest hill the mountain of vaals ( vaalserberg ) . 
  it was tsipras who scheduled a referendum after the final deadline . 
  the deadline was known long in advance and he could easily have organized it a week earlier . 
  it was just another delaying tactic . 
  as for the euro , it would seem unlikely that greece could keep it in case of a `` no '' . 
  the eurozone has made its final offer and the government can not accept such an offer if there is a `` no '' vote . 
  with no solution , the greek state will run out of money and will need to issue a new currency to be able to function at least somewhat . 
  my prediction : i think greece will vote yes , though with a narrow margin . 
  the government as a whole will not resign because the result is so close and because there still need to be negotiations to reach a deal , which is impossible if they need to wait for elections first . 
  varoufakis might well resign personally though . 
  the government accepts the eurozone 's final proposal . 
  the eurozone will welcome the result but can not arrange the bailout immediately as it still needs to be approved by the member states . 
  this takes a while but will happen eventually . 
  in the mean time , greece does n't pay back any of the debts that mature . 
  it may also get behind on pension and salary payments . 
  the ecb will raise the ela limit by a small amount to allow the capital controls to remain at the current level ( lower than currently does n't seem feasible ) . 
  capital controls will remain in place for a long time . 
  i think greece will vote yes , though with a narrow margin . 
  the government as a whole will not resign because the result is so close and because there still need to be negotiations to reach a deal , which is impossible if they need to wait for elections first . 
  varoufakis might well resign personally though . 
  the government accepts the eurozone 's final proposal . 
  the eurozone will welcome the result but can not arrange the bailout immediately as it still needs to be approved by the member states . 
  this takes a while and will not happen within the next week . 
  in the mean time , greece does n't pay back any of the debts that mature . 
  it may also get behind on pension and salary payments . 
  the ecb will raise the ela limit by a small amount to allow the capital controls to remain at the current level ( lower than currently does n't seem feasible ) . 
  capital controls will remain in place for a long time . 
  there was negotiation and compromise , it 's just that this happened before syriza came to power . 
  a deal had already been made so the only way for syriza to achieve something would be to give and take compared to the existing agreement . 
  however , they do n't seem to come with alternatives for the things they want to change . 
  why do you expect the eurozone to give without taking while syriza can take without giving ? 
  greeks are not allowed to move money abroad , so it is not a solvency/liquidity issue but rather the fact that it is forbidden to offer a service that allows them to take the money out of the country . 
  it could only work for transactions within greece and for that it 's probably not worthwhile . 
  it is possible to be very hard working without being very productive . 
  in fact , this is commonly seen in economies that are poorly developed . 
  he 'd probably do a better job running the country too . 
   i wonder if he plans to resign no , just early retirement, 
  i have no reason to believe that syriza will be able to make the greek economy grow . 
  in fact , if their economic policies are as good as their negotiation strategies , i fear the worst . 
  moreover , as i already mentioned , these temporary agreements make the situation only worse . 
  there is no way greece can grow when there are fundamental uncertainties about its future . 
  no one will invest in a country that could collapse the next time negotiations break down . 
  what needs to happen is a comprehensive agreement that is recognized as permanently binding by all parties , including future governments of greece . 
  one thing greece could do is install a government of non-partisan technocrats as italy has done before , with a mandate for at least four years or so . 
  that could restore trust and ensure stability , making growth possible once again . 
  i have several issues with this approach : * more kicking the can down the road is n't what we need right now . 
  greece and the eurozone need stability and certainty . 
  * given what we 've seen so far i do n't trust syriza to honor any agreements . 
  after two years they would only ask for more extensions . 
  * several greek governments have had plenty of time to do reforms on their own , but nothing happened . 
  i have no reason to believe this government would be any different . 
  * unless interest is charged over those two years this deal would still mean giving money away . 
  if interest is charged , it makes the debts even more unsustainable . 
   if no one buys greek debt they will have to make much bigger cuts than the eu/imf was asking for , or create so much inflation that pensions and salaries get rammed big . 
  exactly . 
  only difference is that this way syriza gets to wash its hands in innocence when the wages and pensions are cut this way . 
  maybe we need to furrify the greek civil service then . 
  now could be the right time to get rid of cash . 
  if the new drachma only exists in the banking system and people can only use debit cards in stores and restaurants , suddenly almost all of the tax evasion would be gone . 
  i doubt it 's realistic but who knows . 
  this is what the document linked to states :  however , neither this latest version of the document , nor an outline of a comprehensive deal could be formally finalised and presented to the eurogroup due to the unilateral decision of the greek authorities to abandon the process on the evening of 26 june 2015 . 
  this would be consistent with both sides ' stories : this was the eu 's final proposal and greece never got to see it . 
  it 's only after the referendum if it is in 2016 or later . 
  from what i understand , once the program expires on tuesday even the eurogroup can not bring it back . 
  the national parliaments would have to approve a new deal . 
  this is not only unlikely to happen ( in many countries it would be political suicide to support sending more money greece ) but will also be too late even if it does happen . 
  the greeks will be voting on a proposal that at that time is no longer available and can not be brought back . 
  the greek government can not force the eurogroup to do anything.the program will expire and there 's nothing a referendum can do about that . 
  the uk ( and denmark ) have an opt-out but all other eu members have to join the common currency at the earliest opportunity . 
  there are afaik no treaty provisions for exiting the eurozone so exiting the eu is the only way out . 
  still worth it, 
   i 'd not be so sure about that . 
  if they run a primary surplus , they wo n't need credit . 
  they have no savings , so they 'll have problems making the cashflow work even with a primary surplus .
