  that 's the underlying assumption here . 
  if they can move onward it would n't be an issue for greece . 
   why would n't they want to wait in an eu country instead , with all the free press to bemoan their condition , governments that care about human rights , etc. ? 
  it is n't germany , but it 's not turkey either . 
  that is true , but there is a certain cost and risk involved in crossing . 
  the question is whether greece is so much better than turkey that it 's worth the extra cost and the risk . 
  greece is simply incapable of providing food and shelter for a million immigrants so as more and more immigrants go into greece , conditions for them there will deteriorate and at some point it will no longer be worthwhile . 
  true , but that would likely be self-limiting . 
  once it 's clear they can not move onward from greece , very few will cross that border . 
  while understandable , it 's not like keeping the borders open fixes that issue . 
  the problem just moves elsewhere . 
  a better solution is for them to better guard their own borders ( with help from the other eu members ) . 
  if the mediterranean were to be drained , africa would be empty within a year . 
  it was basically a failed experiment on how to construct a new city from scratch . 
  by the time they built almere they had learned their lessons from lelystad and actually got a lot of things right . 
  not at all . 
  we take our water management seriously . 
  in fact , the original reason to create polders was mostly to prevent floods in the areas next to them . 
  i 'm so sorry :(, 
  depends on where in flevoland . 
  almere is n't as bad as it 's reputation imo ; it 's not the most happening place but it 's not really bad . 
  lelystad on the other hand is a different matter . 
  the original plan included reclaiming the markermeer as well , but unfortunately it was canceled in the end . 
  however , amsterdam is adding small amounts of land there to construct its new neighborhood ijburg . 
  they would not be killed , merely be sent back . 
  getting into the boat was their own decision . 
  moreover , once this starts happening their strategy no longer works and they will stop corossing in the first place , which will only reduce the number of deaths . 
  with blackjack and hookers ? 
  it 's an important step . 
  it 's certainly better than trying to hide the facts . 
  until very recently ( december 2015 ) it was possible to marry before the age of 18 with permission from the government . 
  permission was typically granted if the woman was pregnant . 
  in addition , you could marry in another country that permits underage marriage . 
  for example , i believe saudi arabia and yemen have no age restrictions at all . 
  since the change child marriages are also not recognized before both partners reached the age of 18 . 
  therefore this exception still applies to old cases but will become moot in a few years time . 
  edit : in addition new cases could still arise if people marry as minors in the former netherlands antilles because the dutch government is legally required to recognize official acts from those governments . 
  until very recently ( december 2015 ) it was possible to marry before the age of 18 with permission from the government . 
  permission was typically granted if the woman was pregnant . 
  in addition , you can marry in another country that permits underage marriage . 
  for example , i believe saudi arabia and yemen have no age restrictions at all . 
  edit : looked it up and the law was also changed to not recognize child marriages before both partners reached the age of 18 . 
  as such , this exception will become moot in a few years time . 
  edit2 : in addition new cases could still arise if people marry as minors in the former netherlands antilles because the dutch government is legally required to recognize official acts from those governments . 
  nope , this is in [ article 245 of the dutch penal code ] ( http://wetten.overheid.nl/bwbr0001854/volledig/geldigheidsdatum_25-01-2016#tweedeboek_titelxiv_artikel245 ) . 
  the addition `` buiten echt '' means `` outside of marriage '' . 
  the netherlands has an exception for 12-15 years if the sexual partners are married . 
  it 's mostly a great movie , although the ending is weak imo . 
  they could simply have cut off the last bit and it would have been an even better movie . 
  we must put latvians on mars so they can have potatoes, 
  / r/outside, 
  there are about 1300 refugees in amsterdam, 
  it is to compare crime rate for regugees to that in the general population, 
  the text is not very explicit but for me the term refugees implies that statushouders are excluded . 
  sure , it 's absolutely understandable . 
  however , it 's not desirable as it hinders integration in the host society . 
  as such , it makes sure for the government to have policies that prevent this . 
  amsterdam does in fact have such policies ( namely to limit the % social rent in neighborhoods ) but it was not yet applied when those neighborhoods were built . 
  in newer/renewed neighborhoods this is much less of an issue . 
  that 's different from sexually assaulting multiple girls though . 
  unlike the flasher those are separate acts , even if committed by the same person around the same time . 
  it 's hard to believe the border between hollandic and west frisian would be the ij , it should be further to the north . 
  for example , people in amsterdam noord do n't speak a different dialect . 
  in that zip code ( 2514 ) 44 % of the population is actually foreign ( [ source ] ( http://statline.cbs.nl/statweb/publication/?dm=slnl&amp;pa=82245ned&amp;d1=0,63-65,72&amp;d2=626-686,4224,4512&amp;vw=t ) ) , although most of those are from western countries . 
  if you 're looking for a place with only dutch people , it 's zip code 3366 ( locality graafstroom , municipality molenwaard ) with 695 people who are all dutch . 
  sure , it 's not unsafe there and i 'm definitely not afraid to go there , but having neighborhoods where one ethnic group is completely dominant is in itself not desirable even if it 's not unsafe . 
  see [ my response ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/41u37a/mayor_of_amsterdam_reveals_there_have_been_30/cz559wu ) to / u/caffeinatedt above for a comparison . 
  1250 is what i remembered but according to the city it is about 1300 now ( [ source ] ( https://www.amsterdam.nl/immigratie/vluchtelingen/tijdelijke/ ) ) . 
  close enough . 
  fwiw it depends a lot on where you go . 
  there are some areas that have very high concentrations of specific ethic groups , with the streets looking pretty foreign and almost all women wearing headscarfs . 
  the city center , however , is not like that . 
  it 's mostly tourists there . 
  most of the residential neighborhoods are also fine , it 's just a few that have this problem because of too large concentrations of social housing . 
  i 'm really surprised people would speak arabic to you there because that is n't close to the places where those groups live . 
  i 've never seen that myself there either ( much more likely in some parts of nieuw west and noord ) . 
  the majority of the people you encounter there would likely be tourists , even now in the low season . 
  many restaurants and shops there indeed have staff that does n't speak dutch , though that 's all shitty tourist places that you would want to avoid anyways . 
  begging does happen but it is n't all that common because there 's always a lot of police present in that area . 
  these are the registered crimes at our national statistics organization so they should be accurate with regards to reported crimes , but there 's sure to be some unreported crimes as well . 
  especially for fights , i imagine in many cases the police never gets involved . 
  where in amsterdam was this ? 
  i 've lived here for years and never saw anything like that ( except for the speaking only english part , that does happen in the city center ) . 
  the mayor presented it as a single incident , presumably because it 's the same guy . 
  i agree there should be multiple police reports if there were multiple victims . 
  i have some statistics about different types of crimes [ here ] ( http://statline.cbs.nl/statweb/publication/?dm=slnl&amp;pa=80344ned&amp;d1=0&amp;d2=a&amp;d3=16&amp;d4=a&amp;hdr=g2,t,g3&amp;stb=g1&amp;vw=t ) . 
  i think the fights would be `` openlijke geweldpleging '' ( 480 in amsterdam in 2012 ) and the sexual assaults `` aanranding '' ( 190 in amsterdam in 2012 ) . 
  amsterdam had a population of 790.110 in that year , so the rate is 0.61 fights and 0.24 sexual assaults per 1000 per year . 
  afaik there are about 1250 refugees in amsterdam atm . 
  keeping in mind the numbers 30 and 2 are for half a year , that would be 48 fights and 3.2 sexual assaults per 1000 refugees per year . 
  at the request of the city council the mayor of amsterdam has investigated how many crimes in the last six months were committed or likely committed by refugees . 
  * there have been two sexual assaults . 
  in the first case several girls were assaulted at a swimming pool , in the second case one girl was assaulted at a cafe . 
  * there have been about 30 incidents in shelters , including fights between groups such as shia against sunni , eritreans against syrians and muslims against christians . 
  some fights were due to drunkenness , intimidation and people being upset over long queues for food . 
  sure , but most others around at that time did . 
  istm to a large extent we still judge those events according to the norms back when they happened . 
  back in those days , europeans did not consider the native americans to be real people . 
  they were acting as if the territory was not used by humans and they were just driving wild animals away . 
  as for the poles , by the time of ww2 it was well established for most that they were real people and not wild animals .
