  many of those boycotted the referendum to cote against the referendum itself . 
  in this particular case it is known lots of people are not voting to show they disagree with the referendum as such . 
  that is not necessarily the case for the european parliament elections ; chances are most people simply do n't care . 
  keep in mind that deprivation-based metrics are not based on income , but rather on surveys . 
  the subjects are asked whether they could afford x. 
  if they do n't buy x for cultural reasons but could afford it , that 's fine too . 
  if they can buy x because they use a local market , because they grow their own or because they have unreported income , that 's also ok . what is measured is whether they would be able to provide what their child needs if they wanted to according to their own judgment . 
  again , it is certainly not perfect , but it is a pretty reasonable way to compare poverty internationally . 
  it is certainly much better than the approach used in the article linked to . 
  proper food means food that fulfills their nutritional needs . 
  at the most basic level , that is getting enough calories and access to safe water . 
  one other example is asking whether they could afford x amount of fresh fruit/vegetables or whether they could afford to buy meat , fish or a meat replacement at least ( say ) twice a week . 
  children need some form of exercise . 
  i agree it does n't need to be sport clubs specifically but if the situation is such that children do not have the ability to exercise/play safely ( which depends not just on income directly but also the environment they live in ) i think that should be considered a form of poverty anywhere . 
  there are two ways to do this : * use an income cut-off of a percentage of the median income , for example 50 % ; this is fairly crude but still generally considered to give meaningful results * use deprivation measures : can children 's parents afford proper food for them , do they have suitable housing conditions , do they have access to education and healthcare , do they have internet access , can their parents afford sports clubs etc. 
  ; i think this is a very good way to measure poverty as it considers the things that actually matter , though it is harder to measure and there can be debate on what exactly should be included in the index, 
  sanders is talking about reducing poverty . 
  these metrics do not measure poverty . 
  even if the richest are richer , that does not benefit all of the population . 
  what he should have compared instead if he wanted to try to prove sanders wrong is the % of people living in poverty . 
  i do n't think the us would fare so well in that comparison . 
  i do n't think this is necessarily a good idea . 
  the more restrictive the guidelines become , the less likely people are to follow them . 
  for example , although the advice to reduce intake of processed red meat has now been shown to be important for health , the recommended alternatives like tofu and similar products are barely eaten in the netherlands afaik and i do n't believe that many non-vegetarians will suddenly start eating them . 
  by adding sustainability as a factor they are undermining their health goals , which is ultimately what they are there for . 
   i do n't get why belgium seems to be singled out because the two most recent attacks were both committed by people living in belgium , by people who should already have been on the radar of security agencies . 
   i 'd rather live in belgium than in the netherlands and the world agrees in almost all rankings of things that can be good about countries the netherlands is well above belgium . 
   they have far more foreigners there than in the netherlands , not only from the third world but also from the west / first world . 
  i wonder if that has anything to do with the capital of the eu being there . 
  shooting at police officers is certainly worth a lifetime in prison . 
  if it 's too expensive , make the prisons less luxurious or just kill them once their appeals are exhausted . 
  sure , i agree with that . 
  however , that would make the city underrated would it not ? 
  the policies are the same almost everywhere , the main exception being some places right next to the belgian border which have problems with drug tourism . 
  in those places , only residents of the country are allowed to buy drugs . 
  btw strictly speaking pot is not legal anywhere , it is `` tolerated '' which means there is an official policy not to prosecute people for small ( personal ) amounts . 
  the reason i mentioned rotterdam is that it is very different from the other ones . 
  it has a bunch of interesting modern architecture that is unlike what you 'll find elsewhere in the country . 
  for example , the markthal , the new central station and the cube houses come to mind . 
  the hague is smaller and has fewer interesting places than amsterdam , but it is very easy to reach and certainly has some places that make that trip worthwhile . 
  for example , the panorama mesdag , peace palace and binnenhof are interesting even if you 've seen everything in amsterdam . 
  moreover , the hague has a beach while amsterdam does not . 
  fwiw i still think the net effect of tourism is positive . 
  it not only generates jobs , it also attracts more interesting things to do than a city the size of amsterdam would normally have . 
  we should prevent the city center from turning into a theme park , keep out the people who only go here to get drunk/high and prevent houses from being turned into hotels but other than that i 'm generally ok with the tourists . 
  that said , i do n't live in the city center and i can understand if people there feel differently about it . 
  it dpeends one what you want to do of course . 
  just seeing the city by walking through the streets of the city center does n't take more than a day for amsterdam either . 
  however , if you visit places ( museums for example ) you 'll spend a lot more time per city . 
  and yes , i would highly recommend cycling as well . 
  the netherlands has a great network of cycling paths even outside the cities . 
  the netherlands is certainly a popular tourist destination , but many tourists only visit amsterdam and most of the remainder are probably germans visiting our beaches . 
  the number of tourists in amsterdam has become large enough that the municipality is trying ( but failing ) to reduce the number of tourists in the city center . 
  it might be good if tourists also visit some other cities , a number of which are definitely worthwhile as well . 
  cities like utrecht , the hague and groningen are pretty nice and even rotterdam ( and i 'm saying this as an amsterdammer ! ), 
  has some nice buildings . 
  south africa is the only place i ever saw the milky way . 
  here in amsterdam there 's nothing but planets and a few of the very brightest stars . 
  eli5 the economics behind this ? 
  it 's not really a large group in europe i guess . 
  here in amsterdam i would say it 's british stag parties . 
  i 'm guessing some of them were ethnic romanians and others gypsies with romanian passports . 
  it 's not just the name though . 
  they are claiming greek history and territory too . 
  moreover , i believe greece is satisfied even if they clarify the geographic origin of the name by naming it the republic of north macedonia . 
  that is n't too bad is it ? 
  maybe danish doctors use a lower threshold to prescribe them . 
  either that or they just work very well . 
  the ranking can be found in [ this pdf ] ( http://worldhappiness.report/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2016/03/hr-v1_web.pdf ) on page 22 ( figure 2.2 ) . 
  hitting the nail on the head . 
  the netherlands has the same issue for the basic pensions . 
  true , but still they closed it . 
  apparently they can do so if they feel the place staying open endangers public order . 
  they have done it for bunch of others previously as well . 
  because of this incident combined with the fact that it has long been known as a meeting place for criminal groups . 
  they got the city to close their rival 's meeting place this way though . 
  would n't lack of funding be an issue if they wanted to mobilize now though ? 
  just wait until it rains . 
  the frigate will be able to navigate the belgian highways no problem . 
  we can block the scheldt and just wait for them to surrender, 
  i guess we 'll need to marry prince george and princess amalia and then it should eventually happen . 
  moreover , it serves as a deterrent . 
  if they know they have no future in europe they will simply stop coming as they are already safe in turkey . 
   there was a survey recently published in the guardian that suggested that eurosceptism in scotland was rather high . 
  it 's still difficult to predict the outcome as it depends on who those eurosceptics are . 
  if it is mostly the hardcore secessionists and/or hardcore unionists it should n't affect the vote much . 
  what matters the most are those who are unsure about whether to stay in the uk . 
  if those are the europhiles ( which seems plausible given how the prior vote went ) it would make a vote in favor of secession more likely . 
  istm the scottish parliament can not hold a binding referendum about this matter by itself so westminster would get to decide in the end . 
  however , if the scottish government organized a non-binding referendum and the scots vote for secession they could make england look very bad for not allowing them to separate so they could pressure them that way . 
  the scots would likely use it as a reason to get another referendum . 
  the fear of being forced out of the eu was one of the reasons they voted to remain together the last time . 
  however , i do n't think they could force the government to give them another referendum . 
  fwiw i kinda like that style . 
  i do n't think this building is truly ugly . 
  this does n't really look brutalist to me . 
  there is n't much more concrete exposed than needed and it does n't have that totalitarian feeling . 
  this one simply looks like the architect had no inspiration at all . 
  i do n't see how this is intolerant . 
  you could say it 's stingy but that actually fits the stereotype .
