  the argument about welfare entitlements that keeps on being repeated is simply not true . 
  the netherlands has a policy forbidding this and it is effectively enforced . 
  if a person who has n't been resident in the netherlands long enough applies for welfare they are declared persona non grata and banned from the country based on the fact that they are apparently unable to sustain themselves . 
  looks like these are our weak spots : * greenhouse gas emissions * housing costs overburden ( % of population ) * share of renewables in final energy consumption, 
  if you tell someone to murder someone else , clearly you 're committing murder . 
  if you 're the one pulling the trigger , you 're also clearly committing a murder . 
  if you 're just a paramedic keeping the soldiers ( and maybe even the prisoners ) healthy that 's definitely not murder and imo it 's a big stretch to say it 's being accessory to murder . 
  i 'm not saying that murder was not illegal , otherwise the whole nuremberg trials would have been invalid . 
  from my reading of the article this person is merely guilty by association , which is much less clear-cut than murder in itself . 
  from the article it seems as if he was merely a part of the camp , not part of any specific murder . 
  if he was , he would have been charged with that . 
  this is not about murder though . 
  it is about being accessory to murder , which is much less clear-cut . 
  from the article it seems as if this person was not directly involved in any murder . 
  imo being aware of murders is not the same as actually assisting . 
  by the same logic , any german taxpayers who knew of the death camps back them could be held accountable for financing the death camps . 
  another thing is that the current law should n't actually matter in these kind of cases . 
  those laws were created after the fact . 
  justice can only be done if it is based on laws that were in effect at the time . 
  what should matter is how international law at the time defined being accessory to murder . 
  from the article :  the former paramedic is not accused of having been directly involved in any killings , but the prosecution 's office holds that he was aware of the camp 's function as a facility for mass murder . 
  by joining its organisational structure , he consciously participated and even accelerated the deaths of thousands of people , the prosecutors say . 
  what happens at the spots west of ireland ? 
  there 's no land there , is there ? 
   french unions are scary . 
  i think you found the issue with france 's economy here . 
  spending more money is not going to fix that . 
  then send them to libya . 
  many came through there anyways and libya wo n't be able to reject anyone . 
  when it is legal , the government has oversight , knows where it happens and the customers can report abuse if they see it . 
  of course there will be some illegal brothels as well but it 's going to be much smaller scale if they compete against legal ones that are safer and in more convenient locations . 
  if prostitution is illegal entirely , brothels still exist but no one will speak up if something is wrong . 
  it is unlikely criminalizing prostitution actually lowers demand and supply , just like how the war on drugs does n't actually help reduce either for drugs . 
  this may sound strange , but imo this one is nowhere near as bad as fritzl or dutroux . 
  this doctor had only one victim , did n't target children , made sure not to get her pregnant , committed no incest and did not murder her . 
  as far as rape dungeons go , this one is probably as tame as it gets . 
  in the netherlands the government and the municipalities set up temporary shelters and provide education there , especially for the children . 
  volunteers also help provide courses for integration . 
  that said , the idea is generally to provide only the essentials until is is determined whether they can stay . 
  it is well known human traffickers force women into prostitution all the time , which is n't really that different . 
  it is a problem even in the netherlands where prostitution is legal , i imagine it happens on an even larger scale in places where is is illegal and hidden . 
  he may have been waiting for the pill to take effect . 
  if she was about to ovulate when starting the pill it would not be safe . 
  the condoms would be stronger proof , although strictly speaking we do n't know whether that was consensual ( though that would seen extremely unlikely ) . 
  you are not from alankomaat but from friisinmaa though, 
  first to allow gay marriage , so it 's fine for multiple men to be together here . 
  the netherlands does this though so i guess the ruling is open to interpretation or can be worked around . 
   as a german , i 've been complaining endlessly to family and friends these past 5 years at how many of berlin 's old currywurst stands got replaced by kebabs most effective way to keep them is to bring them business . 
   greece ? 
  wtf man ? 
  do we really need three alphabets in europe ? 
  the greeks were first though . 
  both the latin and cyrillic alphabets are derived from the greek one . 
  adolf , is that you ? 
  yay we beat finland !, 
  this is a good ranking . 
  just wait until we send some retired soldiers on a vacation to flanders, 
  i was going to upvote you , then i read the second line . 
  how dare you say any other city is better than amsterdam . 
  you obviously have n't seen lelystad then . 
  foreigners do n't consider corruption and other failings of the political system , they like italy for its food and architecture, 
  1936-1968 - [ the netherlands reclaims a new province from the sea , a total of 1417 km ^ 2 of new land ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/52/provincie_flevoland.gif/500px-provincie_flevoland.gif ) 1940 - [ rotterdam is leveled by german bombs , causing the netherlands to give up the fight against nazi germany and starting the occupation ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/61/rotterdam,_laurenskerk,_na_bombardement_van_mei_1940.jpg ) 1945 - [ indonesia declares independence , the begginning of the end for the dutch empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proclamation_of_indonesian_independence#/media/file:indonesia_declaration_of_independence_17_august_1945.jpg ) 1953 - [ massive flooding kills 1836 people and causes the netherlands to start investing into comprehensive flood defenses ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/watersnoodramp_1953.jpg ) 1960s - [ large-scale immigration from turkey and morocco is encouraged by the government to get workers for factories ; although originally intended to be temporary , it permaently changes the country in a multicultural society ] ( http://www.npogeschiedenis.nl/.imaging/stk/geschiedenis/zoom/media/geschiedenis-import/andere-tijden/2010/december/44248360/original/44248360.jpeg ), 
  there will be more news about governments spying on their citizens and not enough people will care enough to make a difference . 
  the internet will see more monitoring and less freedom . 
  isis will be beaten militarily but a new worst enemy will arise from its ashes . 
  it is mildly infuriating how the bars do n't line up . 
  there is no such thing as a traditional new year 's song here but on radio/tv there 's often the final countdown ( europe ) / happy new year ( abba ) combo . 
  yes , this element in the article surprised me . 
  it even allows them to use their weapons across the border . 
  given that this treaty provides a legal framework i do n't see why belgium would have been refused permission to go to the area over dutch territory . 
  i 'm guessing there are other reasons why this was not practical . 
  as for baarle-nassau/baarle-hertog , there is simply no way the police could work there without constantly crossing borders . 
  when belgium does colonialism it tends to get out of hand . 
  we 'll send some retired soldiers to have vacation in belgium then , it might help convince them to vote the right way . 
  the police force of the country where the body was found would need to start the investigation . 
  afaik the both police forces can travel over the other country 's territory if needed . 
  now i realize ethymology maps and eurogroup meetings have something in common, 
  in the netherlands we use the same word ( `` najaar '' for us ) interchangeably with `` herfst '' . 
  do n't you have it in swedish ? 
  also this article has a map , which is missing from the submitted one . 
  you mean [ baarle-hertog ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baarle-hertog ) which is a belgian town mixed with a dutch one . 
  the issue is that there are people living there so you ca n't just exchange territory as easily . 
  also it is n't much of a problem in practice there as the towns/countries cooperate effectively there . 
  the dutch did block access from the sea to the port of antwerp from 1585 to 1792 but i guess the main reason was to advantage our remaining ports stronger after antwerp had fallen to the catholics . 
   although i think the punishment has actually been lowered in recent times what is it now then ? 
  just hanging and drawing without the quartering ? 
  one would think that buses are thoroughly cleaned from time to time . 
  maybe i 'm too optimistic though . 
  what does the mushroom eat ? 
  it is n't capable of photosynthesis is it ? 
  article 120 of our constitution states that judges are not allowed to determine whether laws or treaties are constitutional . 
  article 111 of our penal code states that insulting the king is punished by imprisonment up to 5 years or a fine . 
  given your claims and your flag i 'm now convinced you are [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7xxvlkwd3q ), 
  yes , his claim is complete nonsense . 
  the netherlands has been doing this for a while now . 
  if someone applies for welfare within the first five years of living here they are deported even if they are eu citizens . 
  cycling paths are for cycling , not for walking . 
  this is most problematic in amsterdam specifically though . 
  i fear ukraine would have to count on some more retired russian soldiers coming that way for vacations in that case . 
  taking in east germany was hard for west germany to do despite it being one of the wealthiest countries .
