  this is of course a simplification as there is the distinction between publicly and privately held debts , but afaik the privately held debt is currently not a threat to stability of the financial system anymore ( it was at the time of the first bail-out ) . 
  that said , my main point is that regardless of what would be the rational thing to do , there is simply no political support for a haircut in the eurozone member states . 
  they never felt much solidarity with greece and whatever little there was evaporated when syriza was elected . 
  i can only speak for the netherlands , but i know a similar situation exists in other countries , including even some of the poorer ones . 
  if the government supports a greek haircut , not only will it be punished harshly in the next elections , but it would also give a major boost the right-wing extremists that opposed the bailout in the first place . 
  with the benefit of hindsight , it would have made sense to never bail out greece in the first place . 
  greece would probably have been better off defaulting early on and the eurozone could have bailed out greece 's creditors instead . 
  i do n't think convincing merkel is the most difficult part though , many countries oppose a haircut much more strongly than germany . 
  the logic in justifying spending money on the bailouts for greece has always been that it would ensure we 'd get the money back that had already been lent to greece . 
  a haircut in greece 's debts to the eurozone countries would not fit in this logic because it would mean straight up giving money to greece from tax payers elsewhere . 
  this would be political suicide in most of the countries that lent greece money . 
  i ca n't see them ever agreeing to a haircut , let alone unanimously . 
  in addition , without a primary surplus nor any plans to achieve one there is no point in lending any more money to begin with . 
  if the forecasts hold up , this looks like the beginning of a greek default . 
  european institutions can not make that decision for individual immigrants nor can they deport anyone , so the member states have to do it . 
  it only seems fair that this burden is shared rather than concentrated in the mediterranean countries . 
  i imagine that you and some of your neighbors would have a bitter fight over who gets this one, 
  so in sweden they disappear ? 
  in the netherlands they request food and housing from the government and claim their human rights are violated if they do n't get it . 
  this is the situation in the netherlands as well , with rent paid in multiples of 10 year . 
  only very old graves and royal graves are perpetual . 
  is this not the case everywhere ? 
  greece was in a situation where they would n't be able to get any loan on the market at a reasonable interest rate . 
  the eurozone and imf offered greece a loans at reasonable rates under the condition that they submitted to their oversight . 
  greece could have defaulted instead but chose to accept this arrangement . 
  there is no need to ever pay off all the debt . 
  however , it is necessary to keep it in a range where it does n't interfere with the budget too much . 
  for most countries , that is the case even now . 
  however , if a country gets too close to that threshold there is a risk of interests going up so much that debts quickly increase further . 
  thank you poland , you 're a true bro, 
  luxemburg will only take those that involve lots of money . 
  if we want defense to be taken seriously we need to give it to one of the countries that border russia . 
  we obviously get the department of water management . 
  why is labour/tory outside possibility ? 
  unlikely yes but it 's not like it has n't [ happpened before ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/churchill_war_ministry ) . 
  is ttip as controversial in the us as it is in the eu ? 
  is it just me or do those forecasts seem overly optimistic ? 
  it makes sense that economic growth would return soon but could unemployment really go down significantly so quickly ? 
  unless growth is spectacular , i 'd expect there to be some delay . 
  they can do so at home . 
  also , smoking is a choice so not having accommodations for smokers is not discrimination . 
  encouraging people to stop is also to there benefit as smoking knock 10 years off their life expectancy . 
  good cop/bad cop approach ? 
  at least in the netherlands , no one wants that . 
  it is n't even being discussed . 
  there are , however , some people unhappy with the fact that there are american nukes stored here . 
  the issue was not so much with the level of detail but rather that the reforms did n't go far enough , in particular that they did not bring enough short-term improvements in greece 's financial situation . 
  a gala with all finance ministers there is definitely work , especially when you 're trying to negotiate a deal with them . 
  the ability to talk there informally is often the starting point for deals . 
  as the eurozone official quoted in the article said , he is isolating himself by not participating in such activities . 
  i 'm not saying all greeks are lazy ( neither here nor elsewhere ) , just that there is such a stereotype . 
  in this case , varoufakis proudly proclaims to have spent the time he should have been working having fun with his friends . 
  that certainly does fit well within the stereotype . 
  this wo n't do much to dispel the stereotype of the lazy greek, 
  even with a primary surplus there is still the issue of cash flow - the money does n't come in at the same time it needs to be spent and they do n't have any buffers . 
  china and russia could help with more credit but it seems unlikely they would do that if greece defaulted . 
  it would still make it impossible to get credit for a long time , so a default would be very painful for a while , more so than current austerity . 
  switching to a new currency would alleviate some of that problem . 
  defaulting on your debt does n't mean it no longer exists , in the end they would still need to pay ( [ example ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argentine_debt_restructuring ) ) . 
  how would greece ever recover in plan ? 
  if they default they will be cut off entirely from credit for the coming decades . 
  if they exit the euro they can print their own money and use that too rebuild greece while reducing the cost of greek export products for other countries . 
  within the eurozone they wo n't be able to create money or to boost their exports so without credit the state would collapse ( being unable to pay public servants ) and there is no way they could ever recover . 
  would not having both rotterdam and antwerp be at least as good ? 
  also , surrounding brussels you could charge massive tolls on all access roads . 
  i imagine every spending bill being approved while the corresponding tax increases are vetoed by the population . 
  the greek model . 
  then again , history has shown that some strong leaders can also be complete tools . 
  `` lok '' for the hair , but i ca n't think of anything similar enough that means `` enclosure '' . 
  not that story again , germany . 
  we could let the africans keep some of the potatoes they would produce, 
  never ; they remain in the grass . 
  they would n't survive long when exposed given how many birds are hunting for them . 
  maybe it has to do with the groundwater level ? 
  that is tightly regulated here in amsterdam . 
  i should have clarified that i really mean self-identify here . 
  i do n't really `` feel '' european unless i 'm outside europe . 
  if someone asks where i 'm from i will generally say amsterdam as even people who do n't know/recognize the name of the country ( not generally an issue in the us but sometimes in other places ) still know the city . 
   what is your opinion on immigration ? 
  genuine refugees who would be unsafe in their home countries are welcome . 
  people who can benefit our economy because of their ( provable ) specific skill sets are also welcome . 
  legal immigrants already here and eu citizens are also welcome . 
  other groups should be quickly deported if they can not get legal status , rather than be held in limbo for years . 
   should immigration laws be changed ? 
  first improve enforcement of existing laws . 
   do you have different views on immigration within europe as opposed to outside of europe ? 
  eu citizens have the right to live and work anywhere in the eu . 
  it does n't seem to cause any trouble so i would n't want to interfere with that . 
  people from outside the eu need a legitimate reason to immigrate . 
   do you have any stories of immigrants being good or bad towards you ? 
  immigrants are individuals that are part of society , just like other people . 
  there are good and bad people but that has nothing to do with whether they are immigrants or not . 
   so , what is for you to be european . 
  do you identify with it at all ? 
  it depends on the context . 
  when in the netherlands i identify as being from amsterdam . 
  when in europe i identify as being dutch . 
  when outside europe i identify as being european . 
  without context , i would feel my country is the more relevant one for my identity . 
   do you have any attachments to any european symbols ?
