  unacceptable . 
  to remain competitive we must expand the eu until we can find people willing to work for $ 0.10 per hour . 
  he needs a clearly recognizable symbol for people to put on signs to show their support, 
  i 'm not talking about refugees , i 'm talking about people already here . 
  even from just the netherlands there have been hundreds of people traveling to syria to join isis . 
  surely if isis wants they can have some of those stay here to carry out attacks . 
  they do n't need new people from syria for that . 
  i do n't know why you would draw that conclusion . 
  greece shares no border austria though , nor was it austria who invited the immigrants . 
  the eu is not federal though . 
  in the us the federal government is responsible for controlling immigration and guarding the borders . 
  in the eu , this responsibility is at the member state level . 
  as the current crisis shows , this creates problems when problems are too large for a single member state to solve . 
  question to greeks here : do you see the consequences in daily life ? 
  how bad is it ? 
  the solution is simple : give them access to e-mail , facebook , twitter , etc so they can tell their friends and family at home about their situation . 
  while this is true , the sad reality is that there are plenty of isis sympathizers already here . 
  what if a large majority wants it that way though ? 
  there has never been anywhere near a majority in favor or abolishing the monarchy in the netherlands and i 'm pretty sure that goes for most of the european monarchies . 
  op is talking about milan though , which is a major city and not a rural area . 
  whatever works in amsterdam , utrecht , groningen , ... could work in milan as well . 
  also , being from amsterdam , i prefer to pretend the rural parts of the netherlands do not exist . 
  have you ever been to amsterdam ? 
  sure there are cars but bikes have the largest modal share , iirc followed by public transport . 
  most cities of significant size are similar . 
  only in rural areas are cars dominant . 
  bike theft common here as well , but that does n't keep people from cycling . 
  a second lock helps a lot and police is effectively fighting bike theft using bait bikes . 
  the netherlands was a car-oriented country until the 1970 's as well , but effective bike-oriented policies managed to change that completely . 
  which ones ? 
  egypt and jordan are not enemies of israel and even if deep down they were , there 's no way they 'd want to risk their good relationship with the us by attacking israel . 
  syria 's military ca n't even hold their own territory . 
  even if they recovered fully , they would be no match for israel 's regular forces ( even more so because the us would certainly support them ) . 
  we should be sure to let the other sympathizers know . 
  this is not the solution . 
  the solution is to make pedestrian/cyclist zones , convert car lanes into bike lanes , close car parking spots , charge ( more ) money for the remaining ones and put bike parking racks everywhere . 
  you need to enable cyclists and discourage car drivers to do this . 
  it is important to note that more brown bread in the netherlands is just colored white bread though , especially the darker ones . 
  if you want bread that is actually healthy check whether the first ingredient is whole grain flour ( volkorenbloem ) . 
  in the netherlands you are known as people who work hard for little money . 
  people renovating homes often wish they knew some poles . 
  in the netherlands it is the french being known for making good bread , i 've never heard that about the germans . 
  may be because you use rye in your bread though , french bread is more similar to ours in that regard . 
  it is not an indo-european language but it is a european language ; it developed in europe and is regularly spoken only in europe . 
  this one also includes basque . 
  damn , that language is isolated . 
  the gap between moldava and the next poorest is crazy . 
  what went wrong in moldova ? 
  and why are n't they begging romania to take them back ( or are they ) ? 
  the situation with china is pretty messy as well actually . 
  the original chinese state only controls the island of taiwan today , while the new people 's republic control most of its original territory and has taken over its seats in international bodies . 
  both claim the right to rule over all of china ( including taiwan ) . 
  you are stating this as if the two states are equally legitimate and the eu should not have picked a side . 
  greek cyprus is the original cypriot state while turkish cyprus is pretty much an occupied territory . 
  i do n't think they have been on strike yet though, 
  preferably wait until charles is out of the picture first, 
  this strongly reminds me of [ an episode of yes minister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_moral_dimension ) . 
  meanwhile , amsterdam is still working on a 10km metro line whose plan was approved in 2002 that was originally supposed to be ready in 2011 and cost much more than originally planned . 
  i hope plans in paris work out better . 
  are you an advisor to kim jong-un ? 
  you have n't prayed to the flying spaghetti monster enough, 
  hey ireland , if you do n't want to starve every time the potatoes get sick consider diversifying your diet . 
   who says that the turkish people want to take all the refugees ? 
  it 's naive to think that turkey is willingly shouldering that burden alone . 
  well , no one likes it . 
  that does n't mean we have to allow them in just for turkey 's sake , nor does it mean they are refugees . 
  moreover , given that those traveling from turkey are not refugees , they are simply illegal immigrants . 
  why should we suddenly allow that ? 
   there is enough space in any other european country as well . 
  the problem is that , unlike those in refugee camps in turkey , the ones who go to the eu will never return to syria . 
  why not ? 
  they have plenty of space to build refugee camps and i 'm sure the eu would gladly give them financial assistance to do so if they prevent syrians from crossing . 
  in fact , the number of people crossing the water is relatively small compared to the number turkey already has . 
  why do we keep on calling them refugees ? 
  turkey is safe . 
  someone moving from syria to turkey can be a refugee , someone moving from turkey to europe is an economic migrant . 
  why is it such a big difference ? 
  in practice , many rights and privileges come with inherited wealth and class even if they are not formally specified . 
  moreover , keep in mind that the king was originally appointed as a hereditary position with approval from representatives of the population and that in practice they can be removed by the population if they abuse their position . 
  why would we want to remove their birthright if their are performing their duties to our wishes and using their rights responsibly ? 
  wealth certainly allows you to do more and to some extent also gives you power . 
  moreover , children of high-class parents tend to live in better neighborhoods , get a better education and have a better network of people around them , which allows them to get better ( more influential ) jobs later on . 
  status is not inherited 100 % but it is to a large extent whether you are a royal or a commoner . 
  representatives of the population approved the constitution that appointed william i to be king and his descendants to succeed him . 
  also , even today the vast majority of the population prefers the monarchy . 
  approval rates are consistently much higher than for most presidents . 
  if it not democracy for the population to have the head of state they want ? 
  fwiw this is not how the average dutch person lives . 
  i guess it may be different in greece but almost no one is truly poor here ( as in , having problems to afford the necessities of a normal life ) . 
   on paper at least , i know france is far from perfection . 
  you are not born with power , wealth , or consideration . 
  you earn it . 
  wealth and class are often passed from parent to child even outside noble families . 
  i 'm sure that 's no different in france . 
  that will always be the case . 
  wealth and class are often passed from parent to child even outside noble families . 
  flemish people tend to be really friendly and have some great food and beer, 
  were they making a joke or just being hilariously orderly ? 
  well , he wanted to say something nice, 
   ca n't they ?
