  i take it you have never been to romania ? 
  there is a massive difference between roma and the groups you mention . 
  check out the pic someone else posted in this thread for example . 
  very different cases . 
  those groups are integrated in society . 
  they send their kids to school , interact with other groups as equals , live in houses ( if they can afford them ) , work jobs ( if they can find them ) , pay taxes and they teach their children that crime is wrong . 
  if they did these things there would be no problem so it 's not a race thing . 
  however , despite centuries of living in europe , roma culture still does n't integrate in modern society . 
  the idea of democracy is that the citizens have to be represented . 
  even `` idiots '' ( op 's words ) deserve representation in the government . 
  i can not think of a sensible way to decide who gets to represent them other than asking them themselves . 
  in addition , tests like this are easily manipulated to disproportionally affect minorities ( as the example i linked to shows ) . 
  for example , immigrants with a poor command of the local language may have trouble answering the questions even if they understand politics . 
  voting is a right , driving is a privilege . 
  to distinguish from ( calls to ) violence or vigilante justice , which are obviously wrong . 
  in the past , the main use of literacy tests has been to [ disenfranchise minorities ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/literacy_test ) . 
  i think the approach is too tainted to use in a modern democracy . 
  even now , those who design the test get a chance to influence the election results by eliminating specific groups based on the design of the test . 
  this seems very simplistic . 
  while racism is wrong , criticism of gypsy culture does n't come out of nowhere . 
  governments should probably do more for roma integration ( for example force roma children to stay in school ) but some change will also be needed from the roma side itself . 
  you ca n't expect to be welcome when you think it 's ok to steal and commit other crimes . 
  the concept of a successor state is not about controlling the same territory or having the same capital city - both of which often change over time - but rather about legitimate claims to have succeeded the state as an organization in a chain of legitimate successions . 
  acts such as conquest of another state ( like the ottoman empire conquering the remnants of the byzantine empire ) , states coming in personal union ( such as the united kingdom being a successor state to england and scotland ) or one state being transformed into another one ( such as the roman empire being the successor state of the roman republic ) . 
  when a state splits up , one of the parts would normally be named the successor ( such as russia , which took the un seat of the soviet union ) . 
  italy was recently created as a union of a number of smaller states . 
  as far as i know , none of them had a reasonable claim to be a successor of the roman republic so italy as a whole does n't either . 
  now i imagine putin being stabbed by medvedev just before he gets the chance to proclaim himself emperor . 
  mehmed ii [ claimed to be emperor of rome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mehmed_the_conqueror#conquest_of_constantinople ) after the conquest of constantinople, 
  this leads to the question which country is the present-day successor state of the roman republic . 
  i do n't think italy would be a candidate . 
  instead i see these possibilities : * if we follow the western roman empire it would probably be germany through the holy roman empire ( though there is a substantial gap before the creation of this empire ) . 
  * if we follow the eastern roman empire it would probably be turkey through the ottoman empire . 
  * if we follow the papacy it would be vatican city . 
  does the `` i '' mean `` and '' ? 
  i 've assumed that in the translation . 
  we wonen in makarska , kroati\u00eb . 
  jullie [ left out `` two girls '' as i do n't know a way to fit it in the sentence in dutch in a natural way ] zijn geweldig en inspireren heel veel mensen . 
  sure , go ahead and post your english text . 
  it 's beautiful !, 
  translations below . 
   ' i live here ' hier woon ik  ` the journey of the princesses ' de reis van de prinsesjes  ` the adventures of princess isa and princess suus ' de avonturen van prinses isa en prinses suus  ` princess isla !, 
  princess suus !, 
  i need help !, 
  i 've been turned into a beaver by drinking posioned water ! ', 
  prinses suus !, 
   ` we will help you ! ', 
  we komen je helpen  ` what can we do ? ', 
   ' i need to drink a magic potion made from maple syrup , 1000 year old ice and the petals of a trillum flower . 
  we can find all these things in canada . 
  we can take my ship there ! ', 
   in the forests of quebec : in de bossen van quebec  ` anne ... why is this tree leaking into a bucket ? ', 
   ` princess isa , you found it !, 
  that 's how canadians collect maple syrup ! ', 
  dat is hoe de canadezen maple syrup verzamelen . 
   ' i think you 're holding the map upside down ' . 
   ` are we going the right way ? ', 
   ` look at how beautiful this trillium is isa . ', 
   in the mountains of alberta : in de bergen van alberta  ` are you sure this snow is old enough ? ', 
   ` the book says this ice has n't melted in 5000 years ! ', 
   back on the ship terug op het schip  `` now we mix the flower petals , ice and maple syrup together . 
  then you just have to drink it ' . 
   ` it worked !, 
  i 'm human again !, 
  thanks so much for your help princess isa and suus . 
  without your help i would have been a beaver forever ! ', 
   hi isa and suus , hoi isa en suus  my name is kayla and i am from canada , a country on the other side of the altantic ocean . 
  just like you , i have a little sister named shannon . 
  we both love animals and have two cats named after the superheros batman and robin . 
   i wrote a short story for you and your sister in which you explore canada and save anne of green gables . 
  anne is a famous book character in canada . 
  she 's 11 years old , brave and very friendly . 
  the `` and '' should have been `` en '' as well . 
  very nice card !, 
  i suppose a fap session could encode morse signals, 
  very nice letter !, 
  groetjes , < name goes here  < location goes here  edit : edited to reflect / u/belikralj 's changes, 
  awesome , great choice with the camel !, 
  `` hope '' should be `` hoop '' , fully correct otherwise, 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  great !, 
  do you have a picture of it ? 
  they are asking specifically for this though . 
  let 's see if we can overwhelm their expectations !, 
  the only specific thing i 've found is that she would like the cards to be in envelopes as she likes to open them . 
  it 's beautiful !, 
  ah , i was assuming you were from the netherlands . 
  guess we 're not the only ones who speak dutch . 
  great job on the translations here btw . 
  seems perfectly appropriate to me . 
  sounds awesome !, 
  the girl does n't know it 's terminal . 
  also , i think in such a situation one should never stop believing a miracle might happen . 
  i thought all intercity trains do ? 
  or is that just in the randstad ? 
  it 's been four hours now, 
  that 's a great idea !, 
   liefstee looks like a typo , should be `` liefste '' . 
   vsa i would recommend writing just `` amerika '' to have the kids recognize which country it is , many probably would not recognize us/usa/vs / vsa/verenigde staten . 
  ns wireless internet is so bad these days i have to disable my phone 's wifi in the train to have internet access,
