  are subsidies also higher per tomato ? 
  with some investment the higher efficiency could be achieved on any fertile soil . 
   paperwork : lot 's of small producers do not have bank accounts . 
  they take cash only for their products and usually ca n't give receipts . 
  this creates a nightmare for accounting . 
  this is something those small producers can easily fix though . 
  it would be strange for the government to force supermarket to work with producers that do this kind of stuff ; it sounds like a major tax evasion risk . 
  politics at its finest :  the central wales line was said to have been kept open because it passed through so many marginal constituencies that no one dared to close it, 
  the eu is a package deal . 
  it includes many elements , many of which benefit some member states more than others . 
  the uk can be either in or out but it can not pick just those parts that it likes . 
  there are several members like that . 
  if the uk gets a better deal after brexit , the others will leave as well . 
  if the eu wants to survive , it has no choice but to make an example out of the uk . 
  most likely they will agree to a deal that requires them to accept the same rules as the eu members in the end , the alternative being exclusion from the common market and economic disaster . 
  they are not forced to remain , quite the contrary . 
  the article makes it an all or nothing choice unless the remaining members agree on the parts that can stay in force . 
  as a consequence , leaving members do not get to pick and choose which parts of the eu they like ; it is a package deal . 
  if there is no specified procedure for leaving the eu , one will be made up on the spot if the need ever arises . 
  article 50 prevents this from happening and sets up rules that put the leaving country in a very weak bargaining position . 
  the idea is that this deters countries from leaving but apparently the british voters were still willing to do it . 
  do n't worry , if we appease germany nothing bad will happen . 
  this guy is n't really a muslim though , he did n't even fast in the ramadan ( [ source ] ( https://twitter.com/bfmtv/status/753904959532531712 ) . 
  it seems to be a random lunatic , which is imo much more worrisome . 
  btw applying stereotypes based on a few people to a large group of people based on origin is pretty much the definition of racism . 
  why would that be needed ? 
  the idea of representative democracy is that people elect a parliament with mps that represent them and can make choices on their behalf . 
  moreover , changing the name of a country is n't that big a deal , probably just sending a letter to the un . 
  if people do n't like it , they can elect a new parliament to change it back later . 
  how do romanians feel about this nowadays ? 
  was killing him the right thing to do ? 
  should he have received a fair trial ? 
  country flag checks out, 
  it is going to be changed officially , no ? 
  i see the new name being used more commonly since that announcement and i like it better than czech republic . 
  moreover , the dutch name has always been like that as well ( tsjechi\u00eb ) . 
  it 's actually one of the two czechia 's , made a mistake while translating and they have the same value, 
  unfortunately i made a mistake translating and it seems chechia = hungary, 
  a mistake while translating edit : looks like i overwrote hungary with that while translating ; the number is the same between the two countries, 
  i was surprised to read that ah is considered a cheap supermarket in belgium ; it 's generally considered to be pretty expensive here ( except ah basic that is ) . 
  it seems so . 
  the silver lining is that greek food is delicious though . 
  as for the reason why , i imagine it may have something to do with the netherlands producing immense amounts of vegetables . 
  iirc we are the second exporter worldwide , even in absolute numbers . 
  source : [ statistics netherlands ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2016/24/nederlandse-voedselconsument-spekkoper-in-west-europa ) ( in dutch ) . 
  the data is for 2015 . 
  sorry , seems i put that comment in the wrong thread . 
  i added it here now . 
  source : [ statistics netherlands ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2016/24/nederlandse-voedselconsument-spekkoper-in-west-europa ) ( in dutch ) . 
  the data is for 2015 . 
  basically it says : if turkey joins the eu , war zones like syria and iraq will be the eu 's neighbors . 
  this is correct , though i do have a hard time believing turkey will ever join . 
  would n't matter much , half of syria is already here . 
   probably swedish or finnish , from what i 've seen they look disgusting . 
  have you never been to ikea ? 
  translation :  he who wears in public clothing or conspicuous insignia , which express a certain political aim , is punished with imprisonment of at most twelve days or a monetary fine in the second category . 
  i should note that `` political '' is not a great translation of `` staatkundig '' , maybe something like `` constitutional '' is a more fitting translation . 
  the aim of the law is to ban fascist uniforms , but it has n't been applied in practice since just after ww2 . 
   he could start shooting people and nothing would happen to him elephants , on the other hand ... 
   it is illegal to ... sell alcohol to a drunk person ( a 2003 law ! ), 
  how is this strange ? 
  it seems fairly sensible not to provide a person who is already drunk with any more booze . 
  same thing in the netherlands ; the cabinet ministers are responsible for the king 's actions . 
  however , the cabinet and parliament together can declare the king to be incapacitated if needed . 
  i was disappointed by finland . 
  i guess finland 's consumption is counted for estonia where it is bought ? 
   a single basic income would sort out economic disparity much faster than any current method , but sure , it would alleviate the disparity . 
  a basic income is never happening for the simple reason that it is unaffordable even within a country . 
  using that to distribute money between countries with great differences in wealth is nothing more than a fantasy . 
  germany put lots of effort into its reunification , yet even after 25 years there is still a huge gap between the east and the west . 
  even with a common tax system the eu wo n't be able to remove the massive disparities between western/northern and eastern/southern europe for many decades , if at all . 
  this makes no sense . 
  a single social security or tax system is simply impossible given the economic disparities within the eu . 
  moreover it is unnecessary as even the us organizes most of this at the state level . 
  as for freedom of movement - that already exists in the current eu . 
  no federation is needed for that . 
  when you want to order something online , what country do you pick from the list ? 
  do you want transnistria to be independent ? 
  if yes , why ? 
  if no , which country would you like it to be a part of ? 
  if you travel to a country that does n't recognize your passport , how does that work ? 
  which soccer/eurovision / ... team do you guys generally support ? 
  well , less than a century ago you were the guys who begged germany to unite the german peoples , 
  the border is just a historical artifact though , the populations of germany and austria belong to the same ethnic group . 
  calling that group germans is simply convenient because that 's the language they happen speak . 
  probably , but that does n't change the fact that it 's a reason for the government to veto any overt debt relief . 
  moreover , our minister of finance is head of the eurogroup and would almost certainly have to step down personally if he allowed debt relief . 
  back when grexit was a very likely option , the netherlands already worked with germany to prepare for setting up a new currency together . 
  i can definitely see a new eurozone happening that excludes the poor countries . 
  in the netherlands we were very explicitly promised by the government we 'd get all of our money back . 
  i 'm pretty sure debt relief would blow up the government and the remaining support for the eu/eurozone here and i think there are quite a few countries where it would be similar . 
  as a consequence i think it is very unlikely there will be any overt debt relief . 
  more likely , they will do further restructuring or allow late repayment/lower interest . 
  that 's pretty much also how it works for dutch , except that using a capital for the polite form of you is generally considered old-fashioned nowadays except when used to address a deity . 
  polonaise - to dance while drunk, 
  the same has been said about every dutch spelling reform ( we have them every ten years ) but every time people ended up getting used to it, 
  fwiw i actually have no problem understanding standard flemish , but if someone has learned standard flemish as a foreign language then the two mixed accents can become too much . 
  moreover it seems that compared to us you guys have more local dialects that are completely unintelligible ( to me at least ) . 
  i would say only the case in ede is serious because there is a problem keeping order . 
  all the other cases are probably unrelated individual pyromaniacs .
