  if all the food is in the countryside and most of the people are in the cities they still starve . 
  yet , the distribution of food is again entirely market-based and it does n't cause any problems . 
  plenty of farmers would remain , because as some of the farmers quit the prices will go up again and make the job profitable for the others . 
  moreover , there are many other types of business that are necessary for present-day society to be possible , such as power companies and isps . 
  these are doing fine on the market . 
  why would farmers be different ? 
  this is because there is overproduction , which is wasteful . 
  the result is that the least efficient farmers will be producing below cost and will be forced to quit . 
  this restores the production and price to sustainable levels and increases efficiency . 
  it works that way for all other sectors , why would it not work for farming ? 
  why should farmers get protection and subsidies while all others have to compete on the free market ? 
  incorrect . 
  this is what the convention has to say about it :  `` the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . 
  ( article 31 , ( 1 ) ) these refugees are not coming directly from syria , they went though turkey and various other countries . 
  therefore , hungary is free to punish them for illegal entering/stay in accordance with its own laws ( at least as far as the refugee convention is concerned ) . 
  they are comparing against bottled water , which is pretty much a scam . 
  even then , bottled water is sold at much lower prices than this in places where people actually use it . 
  this title is nothing but nonsense and clickbait . 
  why not use matching colors for word deriving from the same root like most of these language maps do ? 
  cotton farmers i guess ? 
  no , the republicans go much further . 
  vvd is in favor of a market-based universal healthcare solution for example , like what we have in the netherlands and what was introduced in the us by the democrats . 
  moreover , vvd lacks the religious elements of the republicans entirely and is much less conservative . 
  nice twist : in the netherlands our main right-wing and currently largest party ( vvd ) is often labelled as conservative liberals in english . 
  they are liberal in that they prefer free-market over state-based solutions and conservative in the sense that they are tough on crime and the like ( though not religiously conservative ; they are very pro-gay for example ) . 
  if one had to match american parties with dutch ones this party is much closer to the democrats than to the republicans even though it is right-wing for us . 
  our only party somewhat similar to the republicans is the sgp , a hard-core christian party which never gets more than 2 % of the votes . 
  afaik this is simply of the police messing up when performing an arrest . 
  it was a serious error but most likely there was no command given to kill him . 
  in case of the rainbow warrior , it was a very fully deliberate act planned up to the highest level of government . 
  as such i would say the two are n't even comparable . 
  from the article :  one of the most criticized parts of the game was `` slave tetris '' where users are supposed to stack slaves over other slaves to fit them all onto the ship . 
  this is literally what was done during the slave trade . 
  i do n't know the details of the game , but i imagine it could show how many of the slaves die during transport and this number increases as more slaves are stacked . 
  i think this will be much more easily remembered than a picture in a history book . 
  as for the holocaust game , how about having to survive/escape in auschwitz , including an intro that shows the razzias and train transport ? 
   physics teacher noschese compared the game to a hypothetical one about the holocaust , which is another example of a historical event educators should n't make games about . 
  i seriously do n't see why not . 
  just reading a story from a textbook does n't get the message across about how bad the holocaust was , especially not for children . 
  it makes it seem very distant . 
  interactive approaches are much better at showing how the situation was . 
  the best approach is to visit auschwitz or one of the other camps but if that 's not an option making a game about it is likely one of the best ways to teach about this subject . 
  same goes for slavery . 
  from a dutch perspective i consider it a success . 
  it is much more convenient and it is basically a successor of the deutchmark which we more or less pegged our old currency to anyways . 
  however , for a country like greece i think they might see it differently . 
  a sinterklaas song ( [ youtube link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq9h7svobuu ) ) :  daar wordt aan de deur geklopt ,  hard geklopt , zacht geklopt . 
  translation :  someone is knocking on the door ,  knocking loud , knowing soft . 
   someone is knocking on the door ,  who would that be ? 
    do n't worry my child . 
   i 'm a good friend . 
   even though i 'm black as soot ,  my intentions are good . 
  this song is about [ black pete ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwarte_piet#/media/file:zwartepiet.png ) . 
  many best !, 
  i 'm pretty happy in the netherlands but realistically speaking all of western + northern europe ( even belgium ! ), 
  is pretty the very best you get get on a world-wide scale . 
  moreover , all of the eu is well above the average on pretty much every dimension of quality of living . 
  i do n't think anyone is claiming that turkey and jordan are n't doing anything . 
  the issue is that the refugees are safe there , which means the ones coming to europe do so not as refugees but as economic migrants . 
  this is further confirmed by the fact that they do n't stay in romania and hungary ( which , again , are perfectly safe countries ) but travel onward to richer countries like germany . 
  we could probably use it as a flood plain even without annexing it , just a matter of directing the pumps towards them . 
  there are already cities in the netherlands up to 6m below the sea level . 
  having more should not be an issue , we know how to deal with it . 
  keep in mind the change wo n't be sudden , it will happen over a long time span . 
   donetsk tired of life ? 
  how would it stop the economic migrants though ? 
  those refused refugee status are rarely deported . 
  i do n't see how canada is supposed to be responsible for his death because they denied asylum . 
  they were safe in turkey and his parents decided to risk this boy 's life trying to reach a richer country . 
  in addition i do n't see how the fact that there 's a picture of a dead toddler makes this case different than the thousands of others in a similar situation of who there are no pictures . 
  they are running from budapest to a refugee camp , not to western europe ( [ source ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/09/03/uk-europe-migrants-hungary-idukkcn0r30ft20150903 ) ) . 
  why is this not a text post ? 
  the image adds absolutely nothing . 
  just looking for karma ? 
  i count only two ( speedskating and weightlifting ) and one of them is clearly lighter than the other . 
  which sports look orange for you ? 
  is it ok to write it like that in english ? 
  should n't the capitalization just follow the dutch rules ? 
  netherlands : * stingy/frugal : pretty accurate . 
  * frank/blunt : pretty accurate . 
  * punctual : pretty accurate . 
  * always using bicycle : pretty accurate . 
  * always high : nonsense . 
  sure , but not every city in the netherlands has it . 
  it 's something that some municipalities organize and others do n't , presumably based on how many children are have a language deficiency when they reach primary school age . 
  yes , after she has ruled for at least 25 years or so and has a successor ready to take over . 
  otherwise that would be pretty much unheard of in the netherlands . 
  i think almost everyone in the netherlands would recognize our king , queen and former queen and most would recognize the corwn princess . 
  those that are futher from the throne may not be recognized as much , but probably still pretty often . 
  why ? 
  wealth is also passed by inheritance . 
  why would we want to be a republic ? 
  people are happy with the current system and it works very well , it seems crazy to change it . 
  for women . 
  men also have to serve in the military . 
  in amsterdam we even have pre-schools , which start at 2.5 years , although they are n't full-time . 
   the fact that europe is still under the euro crisis and that germany is the only country surviving . 
  this is false , most countries are in fact recovering . 
  greece is the exception , not the rule . 
   europe ca n't deal with the refugees and asking to germany to handle them all .
