  http://imgur.com/1kedypb.png seems wrong though , luxembourg rightfully belongs to the house of orange, 
  http://imgur.com/akh3hcn enough coast like this ? 
  i think we 've seen that one before and it did n't end well . 
  american lines would have to run west-east though . 
  i thought it would be a nice touch to give ukraine a bit extra for its trouble . 
  a bit crude , but it 'll have to do : http://imgur.com/2nxq07b.png, 
  my version does clean up a lot of land borders though, 
  this one seems somewhat poorly defined but i hope this is satisfactory : http://imgur.com/x94f4em.png, 
  first only is too subtle to show on the map . 
  it would also kill liberland . 
  i like this one , big cleanup of borders . 
  there have been polls about this every time belgium was about to fall apart . 
  a majority of the dutch is in favor but the flemish prefer independence . 
  hi there , putin . 
  did n't know you were a redditor . 
  you have no flair so it 's unclear who is supposed to get these . 
  we would have lost count on the world wars already if that had been the case, 
  http://imgur.com/em6lbrz.png this one creates lots of new borders , but i 'll allow it because more-or-less nation state . 
  you only get to redraw one section of border so i 'm afraid he 'll have to make a choice, 
  http://imgur.com/3ytk8do i could live with that as well, 
  http://imgur.com/oclxfiw.png i have to say it does n't look as good as pfdwxenon 's proposal . 
  it no longer borders germany though ? 
  would you create a corridor through poland or would it be an exclave of germany ? 
  it 's a map of your proposal . 
  1830 great injustice , never forget . 
  also , it just seems sensible . 
  belgium as a country seems doomed to split up eventually . 
  with flanders , we have a common language , a shared history and many shared interests , including for example the harbors . 
  if we work together we could have your food and your style with our infrastructure and political stability . 
  it would be a great match . 
  private power companies seem to work just fine in western europe . 
  why is it such an issue for greece ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/moqf5tp.png red = old border , blue = new border . 
  you would live in north america together with the other europeans though . 
  the americans would live in europe along with the other north americans . 
  italy , you are now in charge of food . 
  swede has been detected . 
  i imagine west germany would simply take on that role though . 
  losing the east would be just a minor dent in its gdp . 
   i imagine it might give him a heart attack you must have him confused with yeltsin . 
  he will just wrestle a few bears to overcome his anger . 
  i think border controls might be a major issue , not in the least because morocco does n't control all the territory it claims . 
  or simply [ reward them ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cross_of_honour_of_the_german_mother ) for that, 
   the trojan horsing of the school system for one . 
  how did those schools damage you concretely ? 
   then there 's abu hamza and his hate speech . 
  you mean the guys who was arrested , sentenced to prison and extradited to the us for more prison time over there ? 
  what should they have done instead ? 
   those two butchers of woolwhich were known to the authorities for years and were allowed to preach hatred and the end of britain basically . 
  i agree they dropped the ball on this one but i highly doubt that has anything to do with social inclusion but rather lack of evidence , given the fact that they did go after abu hamza . 
  moreover , you always get crazies that can do lone wolf attacks , that has very little to do with islam . 
  as bad as it may be , isolated cases are not enough to show that there is a problem with society nor that limiting freedoms would fix that problem . 
  i 'm not sure about the `` ever closer union '' bit as it is merely symbolic and every step that would require giving up national sovereignty would be subject to the ability to veto . 
  for the other points i agree , he would most likely have to lobby the eu to achieve that . 
  istm that the ( probably insincere ) threat to leave would not be very effective anymore , it seems more likely he could achieve those things by working with the eu when such proposals are drafted . 
  this is especially the case for the second point as those banks do n't want to leave the eu either so the threat is even less credible . 
  he 'll probably need to dramatically change his attitude towards europe to achieve something , which his electorate might not like . 
  that 's strange , he does n't need the eu 's blessing to deny welfare to immigrants ; the netherlands has been doing that for years . 
  how are those things caused by social inclusion ? 
  is n't this why cameron is threatening to leave the eu though ? 
  to be able to prevent ( eastern ) europeans from coming in ? 
  but how can you hate ikea ? 
  so is where you are really all that bad ? 
  can you name concrete examples where these policies have damaged you ? 
  you may need to be quick , if the uk starts restricting immigration from within the eu then there will certainly also be similar restrictions the other way around . 
  why do all scandinavian countries seem to measure themselves compared to sweden ? 
  when you 're negotiating with someone , taking the pressure off them is generally not a good way to get what you want . 
  i imagine the first step would be that the greek government freezes all greek bank accounts . 
  they take the euros as a foreign currency reserve to cover costs for introducing the new drachma . 
  their then replace the money in the accounts with an equivalent amount of new drachma , which will immediately devaluate . 
  it breaks his/her `` 1 person in a community of 1000 '' logic . 
  you 're assuming they are evenly spread out , which seems like a very unrealistic assumption . 
  they concentrate in certain countries ( as the charts show ) and within those countries in specific neighborhoods , typically in the larger cities . 
  that does n't mean they do n't want to, 
  in the netherlands it was a compromise made back in 1917 : the liberal party wanted proportional representation and the conservative party wanted guaranteed funding for religious education . 
  both required a change of the constitution , which neither party had enough seats to do on their own ( 2/3 majority required ) . 
  you 're assuming they would n't join the eea instead . 
  if they join the eea not much will change trade-wise except that they no longer get to vote on eu matters . 
  i 'm referring to the two world wars, 
  i 'm pretty sure most dutch would be fine with giving wallonia to france ( or a german french union ) if we could finally get flanders and maybe luxembourg back that way . 
  instead of being dependent on the us we would become dependent on germany and france . 
  it may differ from country to country but i think most people here have more faith in the us than germany and france to defend us , even though they are good friends . 
  as a more practical matter , we have a couple of islands just kilometers from the venezuelan coast which are part of the netherlands but not the eu . 
  the venezuelans occasionally threaten to attack them . 
  they wo n't because they know the us would not just defend the islands but seize the opportunity to achieve regime change if they showed any real aggression . 
  i doubt the eu army would care or , if they did , would be able to mount a response quickly enough . 
  well , the germans tried twice to establish that union but you guys did n't seem all that enthusiastic . 
  why not instead a benelux union ? 
  there is already the nato for those smaller countries . 
  or just looking to attract a certain type of tourists, 
  well , the current instability is because the debtor is suddenly no longer willing to abide by the terms of the loans . 
  without syriza there would have been no threatened default at the moment and probably no downward correction on the gdp forecast either . 
  greece was n't doing well of course , but before the elections at least the situation was stable . 
  i highly doubt there was ever a majority in favor of that . 
  it seems unlikely . 
  having merkel 's support would do nothing to help sell such a proposal at home . 
  in case of sovereign default , the debts do n't go away , the government just stops paying them . 
  for example , argentina is still paying off loans they took out before defaulting . 
  it merely means it takes longer for the loans to be paid off . 
  now that there is a primary deficit , countries will have to loan greece more money than is paid back , so that even in the short term there is no money returning .
