  this only happens after support has been offered and there have been many second chances . 
  they do n't do this on a whim . 
  by the time taking the child away is even being discussed , it has become clear that the person is unfit as a parent and there 's no hope of improvement . 
  til . 
  in the netherlands for birds it is exclusively referred to as `` snavel '' . 
   your founding fathers exist in your country sadly , they all passed away already . 
  many things would be done different in the us today if the founding fathers were still in charge . 
  voluntary cooperation , a europe of multiple speeds , policy areas with veto powers , ... 
  this obviously does n't work for all policy areas , but it does work in some . 
  i think most dutch are ok with closer cooperation but few are ok with transfer of powers . 
  had they omitted that last bit , the results would have been very different . 
  call us cheese heads or swamp germans all you want , no one will be offended and a majority will find it funny . 
  it seems a few people are simply overly sensitive . 
  should we really let them decide what we can or can not do ? 
  and what is the threshold , just one person ? 
  does that mean for example we ca n't use words `` picnic '' anymore because some people ( erroneously ) think the word is racist ? 
  that would be quite silly . 
  moreover , the tradition continues even in our ( former ) colonies where a majority is black so it seems even they are n't offended . 
  who gets to decide what is racist then ? 
  so apparently it is n't considered racist in south korea either , so that only underlines my point does n't it ? 
  you are contradicting yourself . 
  muslims/jew pay for pork meals because everyone pay taxes for stuff they do n't use . 
  but then in the next sentence you do n't want to pay for kosher/halal meals because your kid would never eat it . 
  why not apply the same rule in both cases ? 
  there 's certainly an argument to be made for that , but the eu can not expand its own policy areas . 
  that too would be a responsibility of the member states . 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  it 's a legitimate question . 
  the social issues enabling isis recruitment are handled by the individual member states , while the military fight against isis in the middle east is primarily a matter for nato as the eu has no army . 
  where is the role for the eu in this ? 
  would they seriously children food without taking into account any allergies they may have ? 
  in that case it seems better to stop with government-sponsored meals entirely and have everyone buy their own food . 
  it is unfair for the ones with special needs to pay for the other 's meals but get nothing themselves . 
  surely there are already vegetarian , gluten-free , peanut-free , egg-free , diary-free , etc. 
  meals being prepared ? 
  in that case is it really that much to ask to ask a halal + kosher meal ? 
  i really do n't believe that adding one more variant costs a significant amount extra . 
  chicken is cheaper than pork, 
  [ solution for gender neutral babies ] ( https://moniquevraagtwaarom.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/beschuit-met-muisjes.jpg ), 
  no chocolate is involved and the sugar crumbs are actually sugared anise seeds . 
  this is what it looks like https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/beschuit_met_muisjes.jpg ( for a boy , pink would be replaced with blue ) . 
  i do n't see the problem , the racist connotation of blackface exists only in american tradition . 
  there are no racist intentions behind it . 
  moreover , our caribbean islands and surinam ( in both cases the population is predominantly black ) celebrate it in the same way . 
  rotterdam is much more of a port city than amsterdam and imo its bad neighborhoods are worse than those in amsterdam ( although not really that bad from an international perspective ) . 
  well , you 're building a reserve . 
  having a reserve is never bad . 
  moreover , that money is going to be invested and the availability of capital investments can further stimulate the economy . 
   producing without consuming does not make much sense in the longer term . 
  why ? 
  you could just save up the surplus and invest it , no ? 
   persecution complex do n't get me wrong , i have nothing against immigrants nor against your submission . 
  i do n't like censorship though and that is what imo the megathreads are . 
   guess what the mods did . 
  not when i posted my comment though . 
  moreover , they still did n't delete your post . 
  i wonder why the mods are n't referring you to the immigration megathread . 
  one would almost start think the megathread is only intended to remove one side of the debate from the sub . 
  i 'm waiting for the first case where a slovakian flag is burned in front of a slovenian embassy or vice versa . 
  too bad those countries do n't seem to do anything that would make people hate them ( although i must admit i would have thought the same thing of croatia ) . 
  obviously belgium and luxembourg are rightfully ours . 
  belgium separated because the nobles did n't want to be forced to speak dutch like the commoners . 
  this should no longer be an issue as the nobles are no longer important . 
  we lost luxembourg only because of they outdated laws not allowing a woman on the throne . 
  hence , we need to get both back for great justice . 
  after we get back what is rightfully ours , we trade wallonia with france for french flanders . 
  we allow the eu to rent direct sovereignty over brussels in exchange for waiving our contributions . 
  they were certainly allowed to accept and implement the troika 's proposals . 
  that would have prevented the recent collapse of the economy . 
  they gained nothing whatsoever by postponing this , both immediate acceptance and a quick rejection with a grexit would have been better than what they did . 
  they a `` civilian service '' option , these are the people who also refuse that, 
  i do n't think anyone is denying they messed up big time and the greek problem goes back much further even than that . 
  however , syriza did nothing at the time action was most urgently needed , which does make it extra bad . 
  not doing something when something needs to be done can in fact ruin the economy . 
  amsterdam : that 's exactly what you get here as well, 
  what exactly does this data mean ? 
  just people looking for work or everyone who does n't a job ? 
  how about people who are getting ( full-time ) education ? 
  how about unofficial under-the-table work and people working abroad ? 
  how does this not apply to the eu loans ? 
  several eurozone countries are poorer than greece . 
  i think i found the marxist here, 
   of course , as long as it is what is needed , if you disregard complaints then the probability of getting the right solution tends to zero yet if the status quo is unsustainable and you 're doing nothing about it because people do n't want to change the status quo , that certainly wo n't lead you to the right solution either . 
   people who have to take whatever is given to them are not free , so they 're slaves , even if they 're not aware of that . 
  we all need to work to be able to buy food . 
  does that mean everyone is a slave ? 
  of course not . 
  economic realities limiting your choices is not the same thing as slavery . 
  it would almost seem as if doing reforms is more effective than complaining about reforms . 
  who would have thought ? 
  is no jokes in belarus and russia , only sad and vodka . 
   and italy mocks itself northerners mocking the south no doubt ( and probably vice versa as well ) . 
  from left to right : * sp : socialist party , leftmost party on the economic dimension but not as socially progressive as groenlinks * groenlinks : green party , economically left-wing and socially very progressive , with a focus on environmental issues * pvda : social democrat ( labor ) party , traditionally the main left-wing party , moderately progressive , in recent times it seems to have become less left-wing and more third way * d66 : social liberal party , somewhere in the middle of the left-right scale with some clear liberal ideas and socially very progressive * cda : christian democrat ( conservative ) party , used to be centrist but is now clearly more on right-wing side , somewhat conservative but not extremely so , popular among farmers that are n't hardcore christian * vvd : liberal-conservative party , the main right-wing party , socially progressive on some issues but gradually moving to more law-and-order and anti-immigration stances * sgp : protestant christian party , clearly right-wing , very religious and extremely conservative , going so far as to think women should not be in politics hard to place on a left-right scale : * christenunie : protestant christian party , unclear on the left-right scale ( usually considered slightly left-wing ) , clearly religious and clearly conservative , but not extreme like sgp * pvdd : animal party , unclear on the left-right scale ( usually considered slightly left-wing ) , single-issue party for animal rights * pvv : anti-immigration/islam party , led by geert wilders , inconsistent on the left-right scale ( usually considered right-wing ) , single-issue party against immigration , the eu and especially islam, 
  the greek crisis has shown that the member states are willing to give up on others , so if that were the case we should be seeing trouble in those countries now . 
  seems like a good idea that will prevent a similar crisis in the future by keeping sovereign debt in check . 
  obviously it does n't apply to greece though as contracts can not be changed retroactively . 
  maybe they do n't last long and/or have had a recent increase in sales ? 
  sure and istm that 's another reason why the government should get less rather than more involved . 
  unfortunately this is n't going to improve with hollande and ironically such improvements would also face heavy opposition from the unions . 
  why would the government need to be involved ?
