  in case of impact of a missile one would expect rapid loss of cabin pressure , which might be expected to quickly knock all passengers unconscious - before they can put on an oxygen mask . 
  it does n't give any certainty in either case but it certainly makes some conclusions more or less likely . 
  it would put the cause of the crash in doubt . 
  given that most likely the rebels shot down the plane , this is something they might want . 
  they had all the time they needed if they wanted to tamper with the evidence because it took a long time before they allowed independent investigators onto the crash site . 
  keep in mind that the authorities have not been able to verify whether the person put on their oxygen mask themselves . 
  it is entirely possible that the mask was put on after the crash by rebels . 
  this is why it was n't supposed to be made public yet . 
  i guess the parents can pick up the bodies in eastern ukraine afterwards ? 
  hungry but no potato . 
  must eat horse . 
  but horse already taken away by soldiers . 
  is sad . 
  i agree , but that 's not a valid excuse for the belgians to have worse roads than probably all western european countries . 
  there might be . 
  better dig deeper to find out . 
  people were digging in the road to find potatoes buried below, 
  regardless of the maintenance schedules , roads in the netherlands are pretty much never in the state the belgian road is in . 
  rijkswaterstaat in the netherlands has a model to predict road wear and replaces the road surface before these things even happen . 
  in belgium otoh roads such as the one shown are commonly seen . 
  with regards to the budgets , rijkswaterstaat have a prioritization mechanism that causes the most important roads ( such as the one shown ) to be maintained first . 
  both issues could be resolved if the belgium organization responsible for road maintenance started acting more professionally by implementing wear prediction and priorization . 
  i think the us ( maybe just certain states ) and belgium both have relatively poor roads in that case . 
  the netherlands , germany , france and the uk all have better roads than belgium does . 
  feel free to join us once again , most people here would gladly welcome you back here, 
  i bet you 'd gladly give corsica and french guiana independence then, 
   i ca n't imagine anyone wants to set a precedent where a part of the country can separate just to join another . 
  crimea ? 
  well , most eu member states are also members of nato, 
  reigning under a german/roman emperor or as a sovereign ? 
  with you being from the core of spain , what is the general opinion about all the regions who want to secede there ? 
  i imagine it is a big issue , especially now with the referendum in scotland and the one planned in catalonia . 
  you make a convincing argument . 
  sounds like i need to pay constanta a visit one day . 
  without the economic advantage of providing a connection to england though, 
  they would now that he has destroyed the surprise element . 
  hush !, 
   for wallonia : yes , and please annexe me , france  is this a widely shared preference there ? 
  in the netherlands opinion polls indicate most people would like to have flanders back but supposedly in flanders those in favor of independence generally prefer being an independent country . 
  we 'd be fine , it just would n't make sense to separate the hollands noord-holland, 
  here in the netherlands the media always reported on the serbs as the bad guys , so it 's good to hear from the other side as well . 
  would you prefer to continue as an independent country or as part of serbia ? 
  and what would happen with any bosniaks living in the rebpulika srpska ? 
  netherlands here : we would gladly welcome you guys to join use once again, 
  agreed , i 've been to catalonia a few times and they seem to have just as strong a separate identity as the scots while the economic case for their independence is much stronger than the scottish one imo . 
  keep in mind that many americans probably think amsterdam is the capital of copenhagen . 
  turkey is especially surprising given that it seems to be one of the favorite destinations in many european countries . 
  that said , americans probably visit florida , california or even mexico for many of the same reasons eureopans like to visit turkey . 
  amsterdam and brussels would probably have ranked higher than the netherlands and belgium . 
  there is probably a sizable fraction that thinks amsterdam is the capital of copenhagen or something similar . 
  i do n't see why there could n't be another exception though , the eu can not prevent them from doing so and switching to another currency temporarily would be madness . 
  in case of scotland on the other hand they would probably want to keep the pound ( being tightly integrated with the uk ) but would be required to switch to the euro if they join the eu . 
  of course not but they do n't need to be in the eu to continue to use the euro . 
  montenegro and kosovo already do so for example . 
  catalonia does n't have the currency issue though . 
  2010 elections in scotland had 63.8 % turnout , so this is very high, 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_the_netherlands ) :  however , it seems more probable that this version of the colours is a variant of the red-white-blue traditionally associated with holland and frisia since charlemagne 's time , in the ninth century . 
  the coastal region of what today is the netherlands was then known for its cloth in these colours . 
  they get it from here : http://www.marsethistoria.nl/pdf/jaargang%2029/mars-j29-n02.pdf ( p53 ), 
  actually , the french flag only dates back to 1790 while the dutch flag is from 1572 and was possibly already in use as early as the 9th century . 
  the orange/red distinction was poorly defined at first , but red became common from 1630 onward , before the french flag even existed . 
  you seem to be forgetting that the flag needs to be covered in cheese after frying . 
  yours looks like a french flag fell into a frying pan , which i guess is strangely appropriate , 
  flag checks out . 
  politburo will send comrade soldier for defame glorious homeland . 
  and potatoes . 
  such an important food in countries like ireland and latvia now and completely unknown centuries ago . 
  that is not our national day though , king 's day is . 
  in fact , most years it is n't even an official holiday . 
  cleanest prostitutes in the region ( except of course turkmenistan ), 
  somehow the title reminds me of the video clip for the pet shop boys song go west, 
  brown beans, 
  and the final point ( it seems ) is that we have now moved to / r/thenetherlands, 
  i think most of these subs can have their function : * / r/thenetherlands - bilingual community of everyone who wants to post about the netherlands ( replacing / r/netherlands ) * / r/nederland - dutch-language community about the netherlands * / r/nederlands - general-purpose dutch-language sub * / r/dutch - sub about the dutch language in addition there are some ones for which i see no direct use which imho should just point to / r/thenetherlands : * / r/nl * / r/holland ( unless someone wants to set up a provincial sub here ), 
  croatia also became member of the eu recently though , since this was expected well in advance it will certainly have attracted some investments around the same time, 
  on the collective level , if is stupid to have a bank run because it increases the risk of bankruptcy . 
  on the individual level , however , it would be stupid to risk having your savings evaporated . 
  as such , assuming all actors are rational , any credible threat to the bank 's solvability ( which i think is definitely the case now ) should cause a devastating bank run . 
  free condoms , with the catch that 1 % has holes in them, 
  saving up all that money you do n't spend on road maintenance, 
  i 'm not religious either , just trying to demonstrate why many protestants do n't think of catholics as christians . 
  in the netherlands at least , my fathers generation got taught in school that catholics are worse than non-believers and that ( literal translation ) `` the papal mass is a cursed heresy '' . 
  this is why dutch redditors here are making a distinction between christians and catholics . 
  exodus 20:4 -5 :  you shall not make for yourself an image in the form of anything in heaven above or on the earth beneath or in the waters below . 
  you shall not bow down to them or worship them ; for i , the lord your god , am a jealous god , punishing the children for the sin of the parents to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me if god existed , the vatican would have been destroyed by fire and brimstone long ago . 
  not making statues from exodus 20:4 :  you shall not make for yourself an image in the form of anything in heaven above or on the earth beneath or in the waters below not worshipping statues from exodus 20:5 :  you shall not bow down to them or worship them ; for i , the lord your god , am a jealous god , punishing the children for the sin of the parents to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me both lines are part of the ten commandments . 
  later in exodus 32 3,000 men are killed by god 's order because they refuse to repent from making and worshipping a statue of a calf . 
  and they make and venerate statues , which the bible very explicitly forbids, 
  they consider themselves to be christians , but others do n't necessarily consider them to be . 
  for example one reasoning is that because of their veneration of mary , saints and statues , they are not monotheistic and therefore can not be christians . 
  i 'd be interested in a comparison which ones are common between the countries . 
  i imagine easter , christmas and some kind of national day are probably more or less universal . 
  how about the others ? 
  this is our list in the netherlands : * new year 's day ( jan 1 ) * good friday ( mostly just for civil servants , date variable ) * 2 days of easter ( date variable ) * national day ( king 's day , apr 27 ) * liberation day ( only if year divisible by 5 , may 5 ) * ascension ( variable ) * 2 days of pentecost ( date variable ) * 2 days of christmas ( dec 25 and 26 ) i do n't think the count of 10 is really accurate btw as one occurs only every fifth year and two others are always on sundays . 
  therefore in most years there are at most 7 in practice ( 8 for civil servants ) . 
  there is still the issue of cash flow . 
  there is no buffer and there is n't a perfect match between the time money comes in and the time it is spent . 
  even countries that are perfectly solvent borrow money for this purpose . 
  i 'm sure the default itself will be plenty painful , so if the way out is restricted to a default situation i do n't think there is much potential for abuse . 
  also , the other countries that were previously at risk seem to be recovering and i doubt any wants to leave the euro ( in fact , i believe even the greek population would prefer not to ) .
