  the rest of europe is recovering and even the most negative tidings about greece seem to have no impact on the euro or the stock markets . 
  everyone is already prepared and at this point , it is no longer likely grexit will have a significant impact outside greece . 
  could still be the difference between a few decades and more than half a century i suppose . 
  i think they worry about their own electorate more than about the other countries . 
  they 'd probably need to get something in return to pacify their population . 
  every now and again there were statements about how the negotiations were going . 
  sometimes it `` looked promising '' and at other times they said it looked like talks were going to break down . 
  these statements rarely had any substance other than a positive or negative message about how negotiations were going , and they often alternated . 
  this would seem to be consistent with what i quoted from the article . 
  this bit is very interesting :  the assumption is that by pulling the plug , they pull the plug of the whole world . 
  this has not happened and i am sorry . 
  i was following how the euro was going , how it was reacting , because they did experiments . 
  [ german finance minister wolfgang ] sch\u00e4uble and berlin are clever , they enforce artificial crises into the negotiations now and then : `` oh , the greeks are not cooperating , they have n't understood what to do , they are not giving any figures '' . 
  and instead of falling , the euro is going up . 
  the same with european stock exchanges . 
  it could explain a lot of what we saw as outsiders and would indeed be a clever trick to determine the respective bargaining positions . 
  might have to do with having savings in the bank . 
  grexit would almost certainly cause them to evaporate . 
  children in a flag about sexual orientation ? 
  that does n't sound good . 
  is moscow going to host a pedo pride event ? 
  greece has no schengen borders so it only makes a difference for air travel . 
  take a debit/credit card issued by a non-greek bank . 
  for people who did n't move their money abroad in time , i imagine it would be rather difficult . 
  well , siffi1112 was saying :  or you could exploit your knowledge to pay a lesser price . 
  so you pay less and the other party keeps more . 
  in this case you 're actively profiting from the theft . 
  that 's like saying that stealing is ok as long as you do n't get caught . 
  tax evasion is not a benign activity and should n't be considered acceptable . 
  people who do n't pay taxes are stealing from retirees who got their pensions cut . 
  they are stealing from sick people who ca n't get their medicines because the pharmacies are n't getting paid . 
  they are stealing from civil servants who risk getting fired or getting their salary cut because there 's no money to pay them . 
  they are also stealing from the honest citizens who now have to pay higher taxes . 
  people need to change their attitude to tax evasion in addition to better enforcement . 
  then you become part of the problem . 
  you could also simply steal the stuff from shops and pay even less , but is that really a good thing to do ? 
  you still pay the same amount . 
  if the transaction goes unregistered , the store owner pockets the vat on the transaction and pays less income taxes . 
  otherwise , that money goes to the greek state . 
  this is awesome . 
  someone should tell tsipras about this . 
  it would seem the cash register stores the transaction and the tax authorities can then request the transaction log . 
  even without a log , receipts are most likely numbered sequentially so if some are missing it would stand out if the books are checked . 
  transactions with cash without a receipt , on the other hand , are completely invisible to tax authorities . 
  sure , i definitely realize the difference and do n't mean to imply belgium ( and especially flanders ) is poor , but ( from a dutch perspective ) would definitely say that belgium as a country is no functioning well . 
  the might improve if you return to join a new united kingdom of the netherlands , 
  i was referring to belgium as a whole rather than flanders specifically . 
  i would say messy/poorly functioning state , good food and people who like to enjoy life are characteristics shared by belgium and greece . 
  i suppose government debt is another one btw . 
  not violent , i would say messy is a more appropriate term ( at least speaking from the netherlands ) . 
  poor infrastructure , unsafe traffic , many strikes , massive bureaucracy and politics being about the conflicts between the language zones all the time . 
  that said , there 's good beer , good food and people enjoying life , so that compensates . 
  in some ways belgium could be described as the greece of western europe . 
  i was n't, 
  again , the question was whether $ 1000 would be enough in nl , which imo it is . 
  i do n't know what the salaries are like in greece . 
  it does n't though . 
  istm much of the eurozone leadership has concluded that they are ok with grexit at this point . 
  if some third parties do n't want that , nothing prevents them from giving greece money to prevent it . 
  the remark was about the netherlands . 
  greece obviously has different facilities for low incomes , as well as a different cost of living . 
  that said , it 's hard to believe that $ 1000 per month would not be enough to survive in greece . 
  i do know people who have no problem surviving with it , even in amsterdam . 
  the key is social rent which , combined with rent subsidies , means you pay very little for housing . 
  combined with living frugally ( shopping at discounters , no smoking , no alcohol , no pets ) it is definitely possible to sustainably live on welfare , setting money aside for a small emergency fund to replace broken stuff . 
  the only exception i know of is dentistry , although many cities offer reduced rates of additional health insurance packages for welfare receivers . 
  greece has no money to spend on stimulus and for the eurozone to do so would be throwing good money after bad . 
  the fact is , greece 's poor governance - including tax evasion , corruption and unsustainable pensions - had already destroyed its financial future before austerity kicked in . 
  other countries have applied similar reforms and are already recovering . 
  there 's no reason why the other countries should pay to fix greece 's poor choices in the past . 
  clearly not enough though , and not nearly as much as the eurozone gave . 
  if they feel that greece must be saved , they can definitely do so with their own money . 
  dictionary definitions of the word `` ape '' typically exclude humans explicitly . 
  as such , whether our common ancestor with apes living today was also an ape is mostly a question of how one defines what a human is . 
  either way , / u/smurf4 is correct in stating that we have a common ancestor with today 's apes , which is the part that matters . 
  many people in the netherlands survive just fine on welfare , which for a single person is currently $ 960.83 per month ( net ) . 
  transportation could be as simple as an old bicycle ; there is some maintenance but much of that can be cheap dyi work . 
  well , no one is preventing them from providing funds to greece themselves . 
  so pretty much like a two-year old refusing food, 
  maybe by switching to a new currency . 
  maybe it simply wo n't . 
  possibly both . 
  precious bodily fluids !, 
   austerity is how it 's sold , but in reality it was an obvious attempt to remove the left wing greek government orchestrated together by the greek corrupt elites ( the same people that created the problem in the first place and are afraid of anti-corruption measures ) and the european political right . 
  i agree that the eurogroup probably does n't want a left-wing party to win , but i doubt that is orchestrated by the old greek parties as i do n't see how they would have power over the eurogroup . 
  a much more likely explanation is the fact that they want countries like spain and italy to remain stable and therefore it is beneficial to discourage people from voting for protest parties like syriza . 
  however , i do n't believe austerity by itself is just a means to remove syriza . 
  the requirement of austerity has been part of the bail-out agreements from the start , including those with the old parties . 
  in fact , this is the main reason those parties were destroyed in the elections . 
   we want an eu of the people where we can all co-exist , work together , in fair conditions , to be treated like decent human beings and not degraded because of where we are born or where we live and work . 
  i understand , but keep in mind that this is the opposite of what most dutch , german , british , etc. 
  voters want . 
  the main way the eu is viewed here is a common market project that has economic benefits , but should n't cost too much and should n't have too much influence on politics . 
  a eurrope like you 're describing is not politically feasible , at least not with all of the current member states . 
  oh no , i 've been discovered !, 
  it may not have been the question on the ballot form , but it is the ulitmate consequence of the lack of an agreement , as schauble and dijsselbloem rightly pointed out . 
  the eurozone offered all it had to offer and the greeks rejected this proposal with this referendum . 
  when the consequences of the grexit become visible , none of the other countries will want to follow suit . 
  also the other countries in southern europe - all of which fully cooperated with the eurozone - seem to be starting their recovery . 
  the people apparently do n't support the deal .
