  that does n't mean it 's not a union . 
  thanks . 
  i know there are some but my experiences have been disappointing . 
  maybe i 'm simply asking for too much . 
  in my experience a greek fast food place in athens had better food than all the greek restaurants in amsterdam . 
  enjoy !, 
  i wish there were some good greek restaurants in amsterdam . 
  my comment about `` giving money '' was a response to this :  why would you not want to keep greece in the ez if you 're planning on implementing the necessary transfer union ? 
  i 'm pretty sure / u/watergeuzen was referring to permanent transfers here , as i mentioned . 
  i never claimed that we are currently in this situation - in fact i do n't believe this is politically possible at all in the overseeable future . 
  transfers refers to permanent redistribution , not loans that will be paid back, 
  countries are responsible only for themselves and their own citizens . 
  the eu is not a federation , but a union of sovereign states . 
  hence , the greek state is the only party responsible for the current suffering of the greek citizens . 
  even if it is in part due to joining the currency union , that is a choice they willingly and democratically made , knowing that there was a no-transfers clause in the treaties . 
  there is no reason why the others should compensate them other than if it were to their own citizen 's benefit ( which is highly doubtful ) . 
  because none of the other countries wants to give them money, 
  greece is the only really problematic case though , for the others the outlook is starting to look better . 
  in fact greece might not have been doing this poorly either if not for the uncertainty introduced by the endless negotiations . 
  if the eurozone were to fall apart , it would have done so earlier ( at the height of the crisis ) . 
  also , transfers are just not going to happen regardless of the economic situation . 
  there is absolutely no political will in western/northern europe to give money to southern europe ; if anything , that has decreased in the crisis . 
  you are not allowed to do this to others ( without their consent at least ) because that would be battery . 
  why make an exception that allows children to legally be victims of battery ? 
   negative physical feedback i think guantanamo bay 's pr department would like to hire you, 
   not a week goes by that the trojka does n't say that the greeks should shut up and do what they 're told . 
  the fundamental difference is that the greek government borrowed money and signed a contract to do so . 
  now that they received and spent the money they got , they have to follow up on the terms of the contract . 
  greece has obligations here , the eurozone does not . 
  if greece did n't want those obligations , it should not have borrowed money . 
   i agree , but you do n't just introduce at tabula rasa . 
  that costs time and money . 
  what the trojka demands is just a cut , not a reform . 
  afaik syriza could freely do additional reforms , as long as the cut is part of them and they do n't spend additional money . 
  saving money is , after all , the goal . 
  they are losing money into those pensions as long as they are dragging their feet . 
   as you can see , greece 's social expenditures are n't and were n't particularly high . 
  most countries in this table are much wealthier than greece though . 
  it makes more sense to look at replacement rates , not absolute amounts . 
   and again , if pensions are the last straw for many people to make ends meet , what do you think is going to happen when you cut them and use the money to pay debt instead ? 
  if the pensions are high enough that the elderly are supporting the younger generations with them , they are apparently more than is needed . 
  what happens to the younger generations when they are cut ? 
  they would be in the same situation as people who have no living elderly relatives at the moment . 
   why do you prefer to believe the trojka then ? 
  the greek government has not shown itself to be trustworthy , given how it is dragging its feet in complying with the contracts it already agreed to . 
  afaik the troika has done no such things . 
  you stole the southern netherlands, 
  personally i 'm not at all a fan of erdogan 's policies yet i have nothing against turks . 
  i 'm sure i 'm not the only one . 
   you 're still ignoring the responsibility of the private banks and the eurozone leadership in this debacle . 
  because there is none . 
  each country is responsible to get their own finances in order . 
  other countries have no duty of care towards them or their citizens , just to their own citizens . 
   i can totally understand `` hating '' inadequate road building in belgium , but how does one make the leap to `` hating '' belgium ? 
  the reasoning would go like `` i do n't want to have to go through that country with the shitty roads on my trip to france/spain every year '' . 
  by this reasoning , if belgium did not exist ( that is , was annexed by the netherlands and/or france ) that would solve the problem . 
  istm wanting something not to exist can be considered a form of hate . 
  this is why you should n't lend your friends money , because afterwards you 've lost both your friends and your money . 
  seems to apply to countries as well as to people . 
  he means that russia is so obviously most hated that it makes more sense to look which country comes in second place, 
  that has a lot to do with cameron constantly threatening to leave in order to get concessions though . 
  at least for myself i do n't want the uk to leave , but if they rather leave than continue membership with the existing rules they should feel free to go . 
  i would interpret it as hating the government . 
  hence , hating russia or turkey should mean hating putin 's or ergogan 's policies respectively , rather than hating the russians or turks . 
  or if i hated belgium for example it could be for stealing our land and/or building inadequate roads . 
  looks so much like dutch `` dankjewel '' yet means something completely different, 
   greece never said it did n't want to repay its loans , it said it wanted to recover its economy so it had something to repay them with first . 
  when they have the option to choose , they 'll do so when it suits them . 
  not a week goes by that there are n't some cabinet ministers threatening not to pay back loans . 
   that 's just what happens when you have that much youth unemployment . 
  and introducing more unemployment benefits really is n't in the cards right now , is it ? 
  regardless , the pension system is not a good solution for youth unemployment . 
  why should being able to survive unemployed depend on your grandparents still being alive ? 
  if pensions are sufficient that several generations can live off them , they are probably too high . 
  this is unsustainable because the younger generations end up paying for this . 
  several of the creditors have already ( including the netherlands ) have already limited pensions entitlements so if the pensions in greece are too high it makes a lot of sense to cut those too . 
   tell me how bad it is . 
  it is impossible for a layperson to determine , but the troika was certainly unimpressed . 
    defaulting does not wipe the slate clean for states . 
  for example , argentina defaulted and still had to pay back most of their loans afterwards . 
    they chose to do so . 
  whatever reason made them choose to do so ( i suppose probably lack of access to credit ) would apply equally to greece though . 
   conveniently forgetting that those make up the bulk of replacement incomes and often several generations have to sustain themselves with them . 
  you mean the younger generations live off their parents pensions ? 
  that seems like a bad system to begin with as the income ceases when they die . 
    whatever little sympathy there may have been was also eliminated when syriza was elected and wanted to renegotiate the terms for the loans they had already gotten . 
    actually greece had the right to two more years of support but the predecessor of syriza , who knew they were going to lose the elections to syriza , refused the loans and scheduled the renegotiation early , and at the worst possible moment to boycot syriza . 
  surely those parties would have agreed to the reforms proposed by the eurozone , like the pension cuts , right ? 
  it seems syriza just rejects everything from the troika and its own plans are incomplete . 
  defaulting does not wipe the slate clean for states . 
  for example , argentina defaulted and still had to pay back most of their loans afterwards . 
  keep in mind those loans were never intended as charity to support the greek people . 
  people in most eurozone countries feel little solidarity with the greeks , most of what we see in the media is about how generous their pensions are ( this may be a factor in why the eurozone cares so much about the pension cuts specifically ) . 
  whatever little sympathy there may have been was also eliminated when syriza was elected and wanted to renegotiate the terms for the loans they had already gotten . 
  hey , this country is threatening not to pay back our loans . 
  let 's give them more loans , that should help . 
  ok , that would be an issue but it seems to make no sense . 
  why punish those who work ? 
  and how is it reasonable to make people pay for something they ca n't use ? 
  it suggests that restricting welfare benefits ( number three ) is a hard one , yet the netherlands has already been doing this for a while now .
