  well mister tsipras , who is humiliating the greek people now ? 
  the eu can not remove a pm . 
  you seem to be confusing the eu and the eurozone . 
  the uk is a member of the former but not the latter . 
  any country is also already free to leave the eu , including the uk . 
  i do n't see why greece leaving would be a big deal to the eu itself . 
  as for what happens to the eurozone after grexit , it is anyone 's guess . 
  i see no reason it would disintegrate but it will depend on what happens to the other countries at risk , especially spain and italy . 
  greece leaving would show the eurozone is willing to give up on countries . 
  those are in much better shape than greece though . 
  freedom of movement is fundamental to the single market and there is no way the uk will be allowed to restrict it . 
  looks like those assets were well-spent, 
   if i was greek - the new drachma could not come fast enough . 
  if i was greek , i 'd move all my assets abroad . 
  after that , the new drachma could not come fast enough . 
  what i 'm referring to is the fact the syriza was elected on the promise they would break the greek government 's contractual obligations towards the creditors . 
  once you 've reneged on one agreement , you ca n't be trusted to comply with any other . 
  `` pacta sunt servanda '' is a fundamental rule in international diplomacy and syriza broke it by requiring a renegotiation . 
   as greece is mostly our mess if i understand correctly greece was messed up before the crisis and everyone agrees now that they should have reformed back then . 
  this is why it was hit so badly compared to the others . 
  reform is still needed but much more painful now that it also needs to recover from a crisis . 
  this is not europe 's fault . 
   all in all , this proposition , at the condition that there is supervision on how the money is lended , could be a good tool to allow greece more `` space '' while not costing anything to us . 
  do you agree ? 
  the greek government is n't sticking to the terms currently , i would n't trust them to do so in such a situation . 
  the eurozone would need to be able to intervene in greek policy directly , which it seems is exactly what varoufakis does n't want because he is n't listening to them . 
  it is correct that we are already responsible for greek debt , but this was a voluntary choice for each country . 
  this system would mean other countries can borrow money without your approval and you 're still responsible , being a risk and affecting your creditworthiness . 
  in addition , greece is a small country so greek debt is a small liability compared to the larger countries that would join in such a construct . 
  currently countries like the netherlands and germany can borrow money at very low rates because there is very little risk that they will default . 
  countries like greece , italy and spain pay much higher rates because there is a more serious risk of default . 
  if i understand varoufakis proposal correctly , he is proposing that money will no longer be borrowed by the countries directly but rather one common organization on their behalf . 
  the money borrowed by this organization would be backed by all countries , meaning much lower interest rates than the mediterranean countries are currently paying . 
  however , the trustworthiness of the stronger countries in this fund is diluted because in total of course more is borrowed . 
  as a consequence , those strong countries pay more than they do now . 
  in addition , all members are responsible for this organization vis-a-vis the creditors . 
  as such , if one country does n't pay its debts back , the creditors get their money from the others . 
  those will then have to try and get that money back from the country that defaulted , but as the present situation shows this can be problematic . 
  in sum , countries like greece get a better position at the cost of the other countries , much like would happen in case of direct transfers only better hidden . 
  quoting my previous comment to match with proposals . 
  proposal 2 :  issuing bonds together means the risk for greek debt is taken over by the other members , which means lower interest rates for them at the cost of more risk for the others proposal 3 :  requiring `` idle '' money to be invested for specific purposes means lower yields and/or higher risks , because otherwise the money would already be invested that way . 
  you would need to extend the axis to zero to be able to compare them though because the way the ratios are hidden . 
  also , the uk does n't really fit in because it has its own monetary policy ; it can correct issues itself and is n't subject to the same requirements as the countries in the eurozone . 
  these are just sneaky ways to extract money from other member states in non-obvious ways . 
  issuing bonds together means the risk for greek debt is taken over by the other members , which means lower interest rates for them at the cost of more risk for the others . 
  requiring `` idle '' money to be invested for specific purposes means lower yields and/or higher risks , because otherwise the money would already be invested that way . 
  any that do n't involve spending money they do n't have ? 
  to me it sounds like a concentration camp , which i suppose would n't be a first, 
  i 'm in no position to judge the greek pensions , but the troika is and one of their main demands is pension reform . 
  apparently they feel current pension levels are unsustainable . 
  this is also one of the major issues that syriza keeps dragging their feet about . 
  given the syriza government 's history of reneging on agreements the government previously made and also their constant internal dissent , i have a hard time believing a greek government minister over the eurogroup . 
  i never claimed that greek pensioners are rich , but given that they apparently receive enough pensions to support younger generations with them as well it would seem that they could do with less , which would help make the pension system more sustainable . 
  pensions are , after all , only meant to support the elderly . 
  this would also free up more money on a short term , which is something the greek government desperately needs . 
  they consider the kurdish forces their enemy because they do n't want an independent kurdistan . 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
   you realize that `` bail-out money '' are loans with interest , right ? 
  yes , this is called debt restructuring and it takes pressure off the budget by spreading obligations . 
  in additions , the interests are below market rates , which means the difference is essentially a gift . 
   here , look for yourself [ 2 ] how much the `` rich '' greek pensioners are making in a country that has the cost of living of germany . 
  it only specifies absolute amounts here . 
  cost of living is hard to compare in a realistic way , which is why pensions should be compared based on replacement rates . 
  as the [ oecd data ] ( https://data.oecd.org/pension/net-pension-replacement-rates.htm ) shows , greek replacement rates are above the average , at least for 2012 . 
  in additions , afaik retirees in greece are more likely to own a home compared to countries like the netherlands and germany , which reduces their pension needs because they pay no rent . 
   actually less than 10 % [ 1 ] of the bail-out money went to the greeks . 
  i 'm not denying that , i 'm actually confirming this in my post . 
  my point is that this money still frees up money in greece 's budget that would otherwise have been needed for that same purpose , even if it is paid to the creditors . 
   also , you mentioned above that greeks are not willing to cut pensions , but greece has already slashed pensions by 30 % since 2009 . 
  yes according to the troika more is needed and even syriza supporters here the pensions are still sufficient to support multiple generations . 
  the idea of pensions is to support seniors after they have retired , not to serve as a supplementary unemployment scheme for their ( grand ) children . 
  it would be downright irresponsible if they did n't have that scenario fully planned out by now . 
  making it public is a big step ( which may accelerate the capital outflows from greece ) that may indeed be intended to influence the negotiations , but the core of the eurogroup must have made these plans much earlier . 
  it is true that the main reason to rescue greece was to buy the banks/pension funds time to secure their positions against a possible later greek default . 
  however , that does n't mean the greek budget did n't benefit ; they would n't have accepted the bail-out otherwise . 
  repaying those banks/pension funds from the loans frees up short-term money on the budget that would otherwise have been spent on paying those loans ( assuming no default at least ) . 
  sounds like they will have too change the law/constitution then . 
  the neighborhood in amsterdam where i live has more than 25 % muslims and i have not seen any violence in the years that i 've lived here , nor do i know anyone here who has been a victim of any violence . 
  i have no reason to believe to believe the working class neighborhoods are any different . 
  violence is simply not considered an acceptable way to settle conflicts here . 
  the only cases where violence is considered acceptable are self defense , police ( in both cases only if proportionate ) and the military ( typically only on foreign soil ) . 
  you must live in a very different society than i do . 
  assaulting people because they are obnoxious is not in the least accepted here . 
  depending on how bad it is , you walk away or you call the police . 
  for some people it 's a dream , for others it 's a nightmare . 
  in practice i think there is indeed an ever closer union in that policy areas are moved towards the eu but not the other way around . 
  for the eu to evolve into a federation would take decades at the very least . 
  germany is doing great while greece is having a deep crisis . 
  does n't look like they are in the same boat , nor that the problems with greece are affecting germany too badly . 
  i 'm not denying that the greeks are having a very bad time nor that they may be angry . 
  however , even if what you 're saying may be the sentiment in greece , but that is not at all the case in most other eurozone countries . 
  there is not even a beginning of solidarity with greece . 
  even during the first bail-out there was lots of opposition against loaning greece any money and now people are exhausted with the fact that the negotiations take so long ( or that the agreements that were already concluded are being renegotiated in the first place ) and the fact that the greeks are not willing to cut pensions ( in the netherlands , we did reduce pension entitlements at the same time we were loaning money to greece ) . 
  in these circumstances any transfers are unthinkable , it would be political suicide for any politician to even mention such a possibility . 
  the fact of the matter is , there is no feeling of a shared prosperity , fate or experience at all . 
  it has never been a thing . 
  there are no shared media and there is no shared language . 
  the eu is considered a project that should benefit us , not an one of solidarity . 
  the eurozone is not a federation either , it is a monetary union . 
  the eu is not a federation like the us .
