the obvious choice being moldova ? 
  that is what i would have expected for romania . 
  in dutch usage , the hague seems to be used to refer to the government at least as often as it is used to refer to the city . 
  any reason in particular to pick ukraine over belarus ? 
  i would have guessed lithuania given you seem more related , genetically and language-wise . 
  what is the reason you are also considering estonia ? 
  open prostitution , drugs and bicycles . 
  do i even need to say i live in amsterdam ? 
  the netherlands : belgium ( or more specifically flanders ) . 
  we are neighbors , it was once part of our kingdom , we are in the benelux union together and flanders is the only other dutch-speaking european country . 
  also , we share cultural traditions like sinterklaas . 
   netherlands 1 eur = 2,1 dutch guilder . 
  incorrect , the conversion factor is 2.20371 . 
  just because of inflation or are there things you actually pay in euros ? 
  that 's racist !, 
  they would most likely consider it similar to violating a french law in spain ; if they are independent the constitution has no meaning there . 
  it seems the scots prefer daydreaming about independence over actual independence . 
  given your flag , do you mean that you want moldova to be a part of romania or that you want ( part of ) transylvania to be part of hungary ? 
  do you even lift ? 
  flanders is not a country though . 
  to make up for your mistake , you 'll have to say something nice about the walloons as well . 
  thanks for your reply , very informative !, 
  such a contrast with the way germany openly accepted the blame and has been working hard to prevent such a thing from happening again . 
  you forgot the part about the food . 
  i was n't aware austrians disliked germans . 
  i always got the impression during ww2 the austrians welcomed the anschluss with germany . 
  was this sentiment real or just propaganda ? 
  how do people feel about this today ? 
  for comparison , belgium left the netherlands almost 2 centuries ago but most people would still gladly have them merge with the netherlands again ( though preferably just flanders ) . 
  you won this thread . 
  we love you too , poland !, 
  flanders is the kid who ran away from home and joined a street gang . 
  they are welcome to come back home but the gang is not letting them go while they can continue to take advantage of the kid . 
  luxembourg would have been part of our kingdom today if they had allowed women to inherit the throne . 
  genetics can definitely influence risk of heart disease , cancer and diabetes . 
  for example , many types of cancer run in families . 
  i 'm not saying it 's either the one or the other , but if it were part genetic it could explain some of the difference seen on the maps . 
  they do though , see : http://www.businessinsider.com/huge-racial-gap-in-life-expectancy-2014-1 . 
  heart disease most disproportionally affects blacks , followed by cancer , homicide , diabetes and perinatal conditions . 
  a quick google before posting this suggests that some but not all difference is explained by education but that some variation remains unaccounted for . 
  was n't able to find clear answers , hence the uncertainty in the comment . 
  in the us there is a large racial difference in life expectancies with african americans having shorter life spans than whites . 
  given that in europe there are far fewer people of african descent this might influence the results ( assuming that the difference is partially genetic in origin , not entirely socio-economic ) . 
  earthquakes ? 
  two different lords owned the territory before it became an international border . 
  when belgium became independent , the one 's territory became prt of the netherlands and the other 's of belgium . 
  it would be a huge hassle for anyone who would be moved from one country to another . 
  given that both countries are in schengen and afaik the two municipalities cooperate whenever needed the current situation is not ideal but not a big problem either . 
  nope , the netherlands and belgium have this too : https://www.google.com/maps/place/baarle-hertog, 
  dutch is not the main language anywhere in the dutch antilles , it is english for the northern islands and papiamento for the southern islands . 
  surinam does speak dutch , but it is no longer a colony . 
  i think the police officer messed that up because afaik the french part is not a separate country while the dutch part is . 
  he should simply have marked the country as france . 
  investments also have an opportunity cost , by making this investment you can not do another one . 
  given that the investment is more profitable if the nuclear plant keeps running for a long time , the change might have make the investment a poor choice even if it gave some return . 
  the only sensible compensation is that the german government would cover the lost profit until the time their permit would normally have expired . 
  if the government signs contracts or gives out permits they are supposed to obey by the terms . 
  if they did n't want nuclear power they should have thought of this earlier before making such agreements . 
  the only alternative is to compensate the parties they are damaging by changing their course . 
  best solution is to take it slowly with phasing out nuclear power , second best to just pay up to vattenfall and others they harmed . 
  and they still are n't represented on the flag . 
  i guess that could have changed if scotland had left . 
  birds are food, 
  i imagine most of the state apparatus is already in place though ? 
  if spain agrees ( which of course it wo n't ) istm it would mostly be a matter of building an army , embassies and applying for membership in international organizations . 
  regardless of how the question is phrased ? 
  the uk does n't have a separation of powers . 
  this idea as been implemented in some newer countries like the us but is generally absent or incomplete in older countries . 
  if some deals benefit one side more and other deals the other side , it completely makes sense to make it all-or-nothing . 
  also , it would just be silly if the eu did n't use its power to force the most beneficial deal for them , especially if switzerland wants to renegotiate something already agreed on . 
  with regard to crimea , note that we 're not talking about military invasion here . 
  all this is voluntary on both sides and therefore it does n't affect the issue of sovereignty . 
  switzerland does n't have to accept workers from the eu , but if they wo n't they ca n't have the rest of the package . 
  international relations 101 , the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must . 
  that said , in this case it 's a simple case of reciprocity , not bullying . 
  you ca n't have the deal go only one way . 
  switzerland is far more dependent on the eu than vice versa . 
  without access to the eu 's internal market there would be far fewer - not more - people employed in switzerland . 
  would you vote in favor of a policy that provides an advantage to the eu as a whole is it disadvantages your own country ? 
  even if people were more informed about the eu i doubt many people would do that . 
   the eu and its member states are falling under pressure to allow risky technologies such as fracking or gm technology . 
  this is where their credibility goes right out of the window . 
  i 'm not drawing that conclusion though , just saying it is a possibility that should not be overlooked . 
  do you seriously think it impossible that there was tampering with the evidence and/or that the investigation should ignore that possibility ? 
  you can not always apply occam 's razor . 
  it is not suitable to disprove a theory , just to give a preference when available evidence can not distinguish two competing theories . 
  ever watched air crash investigation ( aka mayday ) ? 
  most crashes have at least two important contributory causes in addition to the primary cause . 
  when the crash happened , the pro-russian rebels were led by a [ former major-general of the fsb ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_borodai ) , hardly a common person that would not know how one can tamper with evidence . 
  note that i 'm not trying to say that the rebels planted the mask , just that it must be considered as a realistic possibility . 
  does n't everyone drive 4x4 then ? 
  you either need good roads or vehicles that can handle bad ones . 
  i 'm not saying it 's either the one or the other . 
  i 'm saying that to the best of current ( public ) knowledge either possibility is plausible , which means that people should n't jump to conclusions based on this news . 
  no need to assign blame or think of conspiracies or motives , the fact that the crash site was not undisturbed must be considered when assessing the value of evidence like this . 
  this was mentioned in the dutch news . 
  they attempted to verify with dna and fingerprint scans whether the passenger had handled the mask but could not reach a conclusion . 
  the mask was attached with a strap around the passengers neck . 
  this does not happen without deliberate action , either by the passenger or someone with access to the crash site before the international investigators came . 
  the masks are not available during flight if nothing is wrong , so if it was on during the flight then the passenger must have put it on after something went wrong .
