   does anyone have the authority to remove greece from the eu ? 
  greece does and that 's the only way they can exit the eurozone . 
  they wo n't receive any credit otherwise . 
  i imagine readmission to the eu might also be conditional on starting to repay the debts . 
  if argentina could be forced , greece can too . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  greece will be expected to pay back as happened for argentina , even if it takes a century . 
  there may or may not be a haircut at that point , but the creditors wo n't accept a worthless currency . 
  for now the ela ( emergency liquidity assistance ) keeps them alive . 
  i suppose that will end when greece defaults unless a specific decision is made to stop earlier . 
  a guy like this likely has a small army of bodyguards . 
  there has been a slow bank run going on for a long time , judging from the news reports about the ela . 
  it is hard to imagine many people still have significant amounts of money in the bank at this point . 
   to negotiate with creditors and to put an end to forced austerity policies that and to stay in the euro . 
  it now turns out the two goals are incompatible . 
  it 's not unreasonable to ask the people to pick one of the two now . 
  sure , but it 's not just the imf behind those plans . 
  the eurozone also does n't accept greece 's plans and , as i mentioned , it is controlled by democratically elected governments . 
  this means xnicolex 's original comment was incorrect . 
  the eurozone is therefore not an un-elected organization as you were claiming . 
  it represents the interests of the people in the eurozone countries . 
  you know that greece is no longer the only country that holds elections these days , right ? 
  the eurozone is made up of elected governments . 
   a europe-wide pegging to a renamed deutschmark speaking for the netherlands at least , that is pretty much what we were looking for in the euro . 
  all the other countries have complied and are recovering though . 
  there is no other country that is even close to greece 's situation . 
  the only worry would be other syriza-like parties ( podemos ? ), 
  being elected , but that seems unlikely after syriza has failed . 
  do you mean to say all the other eurozone countries ' governments were not democratically elected ? 
  the eurozone governments can determine whether they want to lend greece money and under which conditions . 
  greece can then accept or reject that offer . 
  i would n't be surprised if that were the case, 
  the situation is the same in the netherlands : all speeches are either written by the government ( the yearly speech from the throne for example ) or written by the monarch and approved by the government ( the yearly christmas speech for example ) . 
  still , in her 2010 christmas speech our former queen did lash out ( between the lines ) against one of the parties supporting the government , even after the pm had supposedly forced her to rewrite the speech thrice . 
  with these things you have to read between the lines . 
  whoever wrote the speech must have been well aware that this would be interpreted to mean that the queen wishes for the uk to remain in the eu . 
  if this was not the intended message , they would have written a different speech . 
  wow , sounds like she openly opposed government policy ( or at least government posturing ) . 
  when a monarch does this it 's huge . 
  either she is a big fan of the eu or she hates cameron ( maybe both ) . 
  revenge for the [ purring remark ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/sep/28/david-cameron-sorry-queen-purred ) maybe ? 
  true , that is indeed additional leverage . 
  it would pretty much destroy relations with the other members though . 
  if pensions are such a big part of the budget that there 's truly nothing else to cut , it 's an indication that they are n't sustainable this way and reforming them may not be so bad . 
  what you say is true but they would never have received the loan if they had n't agreed to those conditions though . 
  as such , the conditions ca n't be decoupled from the loan now . 
  this is about a loan though . 
  i 'm sure the troika would be fine with canceling the original agreement it it were done in its entirety , that is , if the money is also returned . 
  unfortunately that is no longer possible as the money has already been used to pay off the other creditors . 
  as long as the loan is not paid off and greece has not defaulted , greece will have to abide by the terms or come to a mutually agreeable renegotiation . 
  hence , syriza 's only leverage is the possibility of a default but this is something they also do n't want . 
  without leverage , they ca n't expect to gain a lot from the negotiations . 
  as for the uk wanting to negotiate the eu treaties , again their only leverage is the threat of an exit . 
  i do n't see why they should be able to change the rules unilaterally just because there has been an election . 
   they 've given something like 5 sets of proposals . 
  did any of those reach the level of cuts that was previously agreed to though ? 
  it did n't have to be pensions , they could have found alternative sources of short-term cuts . 
  if they were hoping to reduce the total amount , that ship had sailed once the original agreement was reached . 
  keep in mind though that syriza is the one who wanted to renegotiate . 
  the troika was fine with the old agreement . 
  if syriza does n't want the pension cuts or any of the other measures that cross their red lines , it 's up to them to come up to propose concrete alternatives that are acceptable to the troika . 
  it seems they have failed to do so as even the last plan was n't really concrete . 
  this is what i thought too . 
  not sure it 's over yet though , after each final chance there seems to be a new final chance . 
  wow , it 's easy to tell which time the news came out . 
  yes , and very negative : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-06-24/europe-index-futures-little-changed-as-investors-look-to-greece, 
  the dutch section looks so incredibly dutch , with the river almost completely straight and trees lined up next to it, 
  the usual six options according to sir humprey : * one : do nothing . 
  * two : issue a statement deploring the act . 
  * three : lodge an official protest . 
  * four : cut off aid . 
  * five : break off diplomatic relations . 
  * and six : declare war . 
  your flag is worrisome in this context, 
  maybe they were lost and thought the second ferry would bring them back to the mainland ? 
  name days are n't a thing in the netherlands , most people never even heard of the concept . 
  you can have all of the netherlands if you agree to the following conditions : * make amsterdam the capital * make the hague the seat of the government and the royal residence * crown willem-alexander van oranje nassau king * change your flag to red-white-blue * adopt wilhelmus as your national anthem * rename the country `` the united kingdom of the netherlands '' * start maintaining your infrastructure, 
   greek finance minister yanis varoufakis appeals to german chancellor merkel : trust us !, 
  is this from the same guy who was elected on a promise of reneging on an agreement made by the previous greek government ? 
  if syriza achieved anything , it is destroying what little trust the eurozone had in the greek government . 
  spot on summary of what 's happening here, 
  the laws on this differ between countries . 
  in the netherlands taking it past the cash register is certainly enough and even if they did n't concealing goods with the apparent intention to steal them could be enough depending on the circumstances . 
  she did a great job but why did n't anyone come to help her ? 
  if i take your money from your bank account and give it to someone else who will spend it , it will stimulate the economy a little bit . 
  still , i highly doubt that will be a net gain for you . 
  it is no different when you do that to ten million people . 
  in the end , it 's a zero sum game : whatever you do , some benefit while others suffer . 
  coup de grace, 
  i fail to see why this is a problem . 
  a good journalist should take in information from all sides on the issue and then try to present a balanced view combining them . 
  they should have given us the ruhr area though , now it 's just like we have a second groningen but without ( afaik ) the gas . 
  `` nouvelle angleterre '' ... someone needs to post this to / r/murica just to see their reactions, 
   in fairness to greece , these committees are a marked improvement on having all-out brawls in parliament , at least . 
  can not confirm . 
  brawls in greek parliament would be a marked improvement over the news we see about greece all day every day the last couple of months . 
  from what i understand from the article ( with google translate , i may be wrong ) she was being deported to bulgaria , not afghanistan . 
  i have a hard time believing that bulgaria would really be unsafe . 
  regardless of that , why do these airline employees think they understand her situation better than the judges who read her file and decided her case ? 
  is this a parliament or kintergarden ?
