  it is the economic migrants that come there to travel onward . 
   most turks and moroccan 's who i know do n't call themself dutch butt morrocan or turk . 
  and to be honest , so do we . 
  surely there must be some kind of national police force that people could report such issues to ? 
  romania is not a third world country . 
  if they were forced out of their homes , why did they not call the police ? 
  if their signatures were placed under duress , why did they not go to court to reverse the transaction ? 
  the story does n't really seem to add up . 
  this is long overdue . 
  will the ec be able to finally make this happen though ? 
  will they also give up their claims to alexander the great ? 
   i think international law does n't allow that . 
  given that there are also two countries called congo i highly doubt that . 
  greece is just the short form of the name , the official name could be something else as long as it 's not the hellenic republic ( the official name of greece ) . 
  even something like the democratic hellenic republic would work . 
  what you are saying is true , but those doctors do work in the private sector . 
  they typically have their own companies , thought they sometimes work for the ( also private ) hospitals . 
  fwiw healthcare is fully private sector in the netherlands and it works fine . 
  when the current system was introduced ( the old system had the government act as health insurance for many people ) , waiting lists were cut dramatically and efficiency was increased . 
  it 's mostly a matter of having proper regulation in place to ensure competition and fairness . 
  how would you explain suddenly having to travel abroad though ? 
  the risk that the parents find out is much larger this way . 
  they should still be protected privacy-wise , though i suppose payment could be an issue . 
  istm those from the republic of ireland would need to pay as they are not covered by the nhs . 
  they could use an ehic card but i do n't know if that would show up on their irish health insurance . 
  as for the netherlands i know there is a special subsidy that allows abortions to be performed for free without going through health insurance , which prevents the parents from finding out . 
  in the uk for example medical staff is not even allowed to disclose the abortion to the parents , let alone ask for consent ( [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minors_and_abortion#united_kingdom ) ) . 
  with legal abortions the family would not need to find out . 
  how about minors with religious families ? 
  even if they can afford it , it would be very hard to hide from their parents . 
   `` i recall locking eyes with that police officer and he said ` there is nobody here ' , and he left . 
  we got dropped off back at the kids ' home the next day . '', 
  omg that 's absurd . 
  i hope this cop will be serving time too . 
  not sure about other countries but in the netherlands all antibiotics are prescription-only controlled medicine . 
  it should not be hard to control through pharmacies.it might be even better if veterinarians are also forbidden from running pharmacies , which would make the system more bribe-proof . 
  for the netherlands i 'd say : * king 's day ( our national day , currently april 27th ) is probably most popular , with massive public participation where almost everyone goes out wearing orange and visiting the street markets ( creating scenes [ like this ] ( http://www.hotelvelsen.nl/files/2013/02/koningsdag-amsterdam.jpg ) ) . 
  * ney year 's eve is almost universally celebrated , if not with fireworks then at least with champagne * [ sinterklaas ] ( https://ikdoeus.s3.amazonaws.com/system/images/506/026/d32/ef2/490/002/000/a6c/club_van_sinterklaas_groepsfoto_uitsnede_klein.jpg.jpeg ) eve ( december 5th ) is very popular among families with children and many people visit the days where he enters the country , organized in every city other than this i 'd say although christmas is commonly celebrated , it is less popular than elsewhere . 
  easter is only celebrated by religious people . 
  ascencion and pentecost are official holidays but very few people care about them or even know what they are about . 
  liberation day ( may 5th , end of ww2 for the netherlands ) is celebrated with festivals and remembrance of the dead , but is not a public holiday every year . 
  why is this not regulated by the eu ? 
  this is a perfect example of a policy where strict higher-level regulation would serve to the common good . 
  i can think of at least two solutions : * find a willing candidate from one of the european royal houses ( this is how belgium did it ) * a lottery, 
  the real solution is a constitutional monarchy . 
  it gives you all the benefits of a parliamentary democracy and adds a neutral player who can mediate in case of conflicts and whose self-interest is the long-term stability of the country . 
  nope , west friesland is a part of north holland ( [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_friesland_%28region%29 ) ) . 
  what movement is arguing for frisia to be independent ? 
  the frisian national party does not argue for independence , just federalism . 
  moreover , they have no stated desire to add groningen and west friesland to their province and no frisian is spoken in those regions . 
  i 'm not trying to justify anything here , i 'm just reading the article . 
  the article does not state that she voluntarily agreed to be bound to the court 's rules nor does it state the opposite . 
  the article is silent on the matter . 
  it 's a simple matter of reading comprehension . 
  keep in mind that we need to separate two things here : * the judgment is obviously absurd . 
  i 'm not sure whether it holds up from a sharia standpoint , although i guess it could if according to the judge the wife did not have one of the enumerated valid reasons to divorce and the husband was willing to do a mutually agreed divorce only under this condition ( i 've seen similar cases to that in a documentary about iran , though there could be a shia/sunni difference ) . 
  i can totally understand the wife being upset about this verdict . 
  * the question whether the woman voluntarily agreed to be bound to the judgment . 
  this is something that is not clear from the article . 
  this sentence does n't tell us anything about whether she voluntarily submitted to the authority of the court . 
  if she did not , that judgment would not be enforceable in a regular court . 
  not entirely . 
  the fake part however is that the participants each get a certain amount of money and the judgment never exceeds that amount so they never come out with a net loss . 
  the dutch version does not have this element . 
  the judge can and does force people to pay money from their own pocket or do other things ( cut down trees , construct fences , transfer the title to land , ... ) . 
  the dutch version sometimes even has municipalities as a party in a conflict . 
  obviously you could challenge that in court , as a signature placed under duress has no value . 
  you would have to prove that the signature was placed under duress , but that also applies if it was simply a contract gifting the money . 
   what the fuck ? 
  so if the mafia declares itself arbitrator that makes it legal if they get all the money from local shops ( ohh it 's a nice shop you got there ... ) and some other randomly burns down ? 
  because that 's exactly what they are saying . 
  no , the shop would first have to sign a contract stating that they are bound to arbitration . 
  this has held up in court in the netherlands when someone challenged the judgment ( in a case about de rijdende rechter , our local version of judge judy ) . 
  the judge ruled that a binding arbitration judgment can not be appealed in the regular court system unless it can be proven that a major procedural error has been made by the arbitrator . 
  as for the uk , sharia courts would not exist if binding arbitration were not enforceable . 
  i do n't know whether such a verdict can be appealed there . 
  in the us , binding arbitration goes even further and is required in many general conditions as well as increasingly often even in employment contracts . 
  these cases would not be allowed in the netherlands btw ( do n't know about the uk ) . 
  yes . 
  they work through binding arbitration . 
  both parties sign a contract beforehand where they agree to be bound to the verdict . 
  this is the same way television courts ( like judge judy ) work . 
  russia was a monarchy up to 1917 , turkey up to 1923 and italy up to 1946 . 
  hence , it could have worked as recently as 1917 . 
   the unsanitary part would come from the blade coming into contact with every animal being butchered , unlike the bolt to the brain / u/sukrim mentioned . 
  that bolt does n't kill the animal . 
  a blade is used to kill the animal in both cases . 
  even if it were n't , the carcass is still going to be cut up afterwards . 
   it 's not animal welfare or freedom of religion , it 's freedom of religion or the rule of law . 
  no one is breaking the law here . 
  the question of what the law should be is what i 'm referring to as a trade off between animal welfare and freedom of religion . 
  two ? 
  london is the second most expensive on the map ( after zurich ) but there are quite a few others more expensive than edinburgh . 
   honest question , how does this procedure of killing the animal by severing the neck with a blade fit in with modern western health regulation standards ? 
  there is nothing unsanitary about the approach . 
  the main issue is animal welfare . 
  stunning is typically not allowed for halal slaughter because it is considered a risk that the animal might be killed by the stunning itself . 
  in principle an experienced halal butcher should be able to cut the neck artery so quickly that the animal does n't suffer , but you ca n't really guaranteed that so there is an animal welfare risk . 
  in the end , the main question is which is more important : animal welfare or freedom of religion . 
  you do n't have to buy them .
