   the problem is that the eu treaties require greece to use the euro as its currency . 
  thus greece would need to leave the eu to legally print a new currency . 
  if both sides agree that greece needs to leave the eurozone , it seems likely they would be able to strike a deal that allows greece to drop the euro while remaining in the eu . 
  it is part of the [ four freedoms ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internal_market ) that are considered to be the core of the eu . 
  the internal market - the main point of having the eu at all - is incomplete if it does not include freedom of movement of labor . 
  in addition , the ability of citizens of one country to live and work in another is traditionally based on reciprocity . 
  this means that if the uk denies eu citizens the right to move to the uk , uk citizens wo n't be able to move to other parts of the eu either . 
  at that point , the uk might just as well not be a member of the eu at all , with the added benefit of preventing other members from attempting to renegotiate . 
  freedom of movement is fundamental . 
  he certainly wo n't get any concessions there . 
  almost all others would rather have the uk leave than make exceptions there . 
  they may get symbolic concessions to allow cameron to prevent loss of face but it seems very likely they 'll get anything substantial . 
  afaik the deadline is june 5 ^ th currently . 
  in a game of chicken i would n't expect anything to happen until shortly before that deadline . 
  by that time , the possibilities would be syriza cutting pensions/wages , eurozone giving another emergency loan or a default . 
  a [ game of chicken ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chicken_%28game%29 ) . 
  if greece defaults , will they still receive this or will it be garnished for the creditors ? 
  open or closeted ? 
  i think there are many closeted gays amongst the clergy because they feel celibacy is the only way they can reconcile being gay with being catholic . 
  it 's the only country in the world where all citizens have the same gender . 
  gay marriage would be perfect for vatican city . 
  vatican city is missing on this map , i wonder what the status of gay marriage is over there . 
  so you mean the pencil with the short cord is on the other side of the table ? 
  this is not strange for currency value , which is typically represented in percentage difference from the previous period . 
  just like compound interests , this gives you exponential growth , which is best represented in a log scale . 
  but i always thought ireland has no postcodes . 
  oops , it was supposed to say inflation of course . 
  edited it . 
  inflation mostly harms those with savings , who are typically not the poorer people ( assuming the salaries inflate together with the price level ) . 
  indeed , i forgot about that news . 
  still , iirc that is a one-off thing rather than structural . 
  greece would no longer be able to get any credit for a long period of time . 
  that means greece wo n't be able to pay pensions , salaries and the like . 
  in addition to the fact that they have gone from a primary surplus to a primary deficit under syriza leadership , there is the issue of cash flow . 
  even with a primary surplus , the government can only pay at the moment it receives income . 
  neither income nor expenditure are evenly spread over the year so people will go unpaid for prolonged periods of time . 
  many basic services will likely no longer be provided . 
  at that point syriza has to choose whether to stay in the eurozone , which would cause this situation to last for a long time , or to introduce a new currency . 
  if they introduce a new currency the government will be able to function better ( because they can print money ) and the economy might recover more quickly ( because of ~ ~ deflation ~ ~ inflation making greek products cheaper ) but it will come at the cost of everyone 's savings ( to the extent that they have n't been moved outside the country yet ) . 
  the creditors would not receive their money for now . 
  greece would still need to pay in the end ( the debt does n't disappear with default ) , though with the pressure off for greece there would be a larger chance of another haircut . 
  freedom of movement is fundamental . 
  i 'm pretty sure almost every eu country would rather see you leave than make an exception on freedom of movement , so threatening to leave wo n't achieve anything . 
  this is incorrect . 
  the netherlands is fully pr ( except a threshold but it 's only 0.67 % ) . 
  all votes are pooled to decide the number of seats in parliament , districts have no impact whatsoever . 
  of course there 's also the fact that the netherlands is a nation , which the eu is not . 
  there is much more common interest at the national level . 
  this is why i am against majority voting at the eu level . 
  our government introduced net neutrality and does n't want this , yet because of majority voting other governments that we have no democratic means of influencing can push this onto us . 
  it would be much more democratic to return to veto for decisions like this . 
  now we can only hope the europarliament will block it . 
   gosh , so many people in the uk would be in prison if we had this law and it was enforced . 
  after a long time not being used , the public prosecutor recently charged someone with this . 
  after a public outrage the charges were dropped , but it might still be used in more severe cases . 
   i see at least one comment every day on a newspaper calling angela merkel `` literally hitler '' here . 
  this law was actually used to prevent people from insulting hilter before ww2 to better maintain neutrality . 
  unfortunately , that failed . 
  i do n't think it is used today but it 's still on the books and could be used . 
   is amsterdam not included in this ? 
  i saw plenty of things that would be classed as `` indecent objects '' in the windows of shops in the red light district ; or is the definition of `` indecent '' quite a liberal one ? 
  based on the phrasing in dutch , it seems reasonable to assume that it refers to what would be considered indecent in context . 
  showing dildos in a shop window near the red light district clearly is not an issue . 
  displaying hardcore porn in front of a primary school probably would be . 
  i would translate it as follows :  he who wears public clothing or displays visible insignia which express a specific regarding constitutional law , shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding twelve days or a fine of the second category . 
  the original purpose was to forbid nazis from wearing uniforms to prevent them from setting up something like the sturmabteilung in nazi germany . 
  however , the text as such would in principle also forbid something wearing a che guevara t-shirt . 
  in the netherlands : * insulting the king , their spouse or their heir * insulting a head of state or ambassador of a friendly foreign state * publicly insulting a group based on race , religion , sexual orientation or handicaps ( this includes holocaust denial and mein kampf ) * publicly displaying indecent pictures or objects * defamation * publishing drawings or descriptions of military installations * wearing clothes that express aims regarding constitutional law, 
  the eu existed before the euro and not all member states are part of the euro . 
  it would be a big hit for sure but i do n't see why the eu would n't survive . 
  it also seems likely that a new currency union would be created . 
  for example , iirc the netherlands and germany were planning a currency union together as a backup plan in case of eurozone collapse . 
  that was only because you had support from the french army . 
  if we give the french wallonia there should be no problem . 
  how then will we get belgium and luxemburg back ? 
  and how will we defend against france or germany the next time they invade ? 
  you may wish to read up on her economic policies , they had a profound impact on the country that lasts even today . 
  it 's interesting to find someone who hates cameron who does n't hate thatcher more, 
  why is the middle bar much wider for france ? 
  the other tricolors do n't seem to have this issue . 
  living in amsterdam i can tell you that there is no neighborhood that i would n't dare go into ( i run and bike so i 've seen them all ) and there certainly is n't any place the police does n't dare to go . 
   no need to risk discovery of more irregularities . 
  that sounds incredibly backwards . 
  the conclusion may be obvious , but it 's very important to have a report from the ec stating this . 
  at least in the netherlands , the question of effectiveness has been a major issue in court battles about blocking the pirate bay . 
  having this report will be very valuable in similar cases in the future . 
  bach was born in eisenach , which seems to have been part of the holy roman empire at the time . 
  beethoven was born in bonn , which seems to have been part of the kingdom of prussia at the time . 
  present-day germany is a successor state to both so there is definitely a legitimate claim that they were both born in germany , especially since these cities are still part of the modern german state even today . 
  you need to work step by step , ca n't take on them all at once . 
  you are literally hitler, 
  you should consider working together with hungary, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  we still need a major channel to the rotterdam harbor though . 
  crude attempt with just enough prussia to keep the border neat : http://imgur.com/d2ce35m.png, 
  given your czech flair i 'm assuming that implies recreating czechoslovakia as well : http://imgur.com/teesj2n, 
  just give it some time ... 
  so * montenegro , kosovo and macedonia to serbia * czechoslovakia back * belarus , ukraine and some other post-soviet republics to russia, 
  i can predict how this will end : http://imgur.com/wgbw1y4.png, 
  http://imgur.com/gasik3z.png if two prongs is all you ask for , two prongs is what you get .
