there is n't much difference between the rebels and assad anymore . 
  you caught me !, 
  he 's being sarcastic you mong ( i hope so anyway ), 
  it was such a pathetic attempt at a coup i ca n't believe it was n't destined to fail from the start . 
  the turkish army are competent , they are not a third world army . 
  if it was a serious threat they would have not allowed anything to be broadcast and erdogan would have not been allowed to fly back in . 
  just all seems a bit suspicious to me . 
  why would the coup aircraft not target erdogan ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  historical they 've usually been a rebellious people against the russian government . 
  they have a very different culture to the rest of russia . 
  na im just bored, 
  depends on the context, 
  canada is n't a part of america ? 
  is that your answer to every comment in this thread ? 
  she 's a famous internet political alt right blablabla whatever u wan na call it . 
  the point of this video was to show that north africans and middle easterns are taking over france . 
  make of that what you will . 
  oh yeah of course she 's american so she has no idea what she is talking about , surprise surprise . 
  completely agreed but he keeps the chechens in line . 
  better him than having another war . 
  the un is useless, 
  that 's just stupid , it would never happen as long as the eu exists, 
  what ? 
  why not, 
  easy to say when that is n't you car being destroyed or your business being broken into . 
  do n't really think anybody would care if these people were shot, 
  when the independent says people they imply civilians not the police . 
  please point to the exact spot where i possibly suggested that . 
  bbc saying 76 police hurt not civilians . 
  can we ban the independent ? 
  says the greek, 
  being against armed police does n't make you a communist, 
  yeah apparently it 's a soldier on patrol who shot the guy . 
  god these terrorists lately are really shit , are they even trying ? 
  apparently it 's this https://twitter.com/remybonnaffe/status/877237732963209217 edit - on sky news : man wearing explosive belt neutralised by police, 
  bbc saying situation under control, 
  why do n't they just run them over ? 
  fire *, 
  i doubt that the police arresting these people are the same that are responsible for counter terrorism . 
   free bikes for everyone to stop bike theft . 
  genius, 
  prepare to be dissapointed, 
  according to the_d global warming is just a conspiracy anyway so no need to panic everyone !, 
   the mayor of paris has called for a black feminist festival in the city to be banned on the grounds that it excludes white people . 
   at the nyansapo festival in july , billed as `` blackfeminist '' , 80 % of the venue will be reserved for black women . 
  black people of any gender will be allowed in another area , while a third area will be open to all . 
  anne hidalgo tweeted that she reserved the right `` to prosecute the organisers for discrimination '' . 
  some french anti-racism organisations have condemned the festival . 
  make lithuania great again ? 
  you 're right . 
  i live in england and i had the flu last week , luckily the local pellar sacrificed a rabbit and i got cured . 
  what ? 
  are you replying to the wrong comment ? 
  yea that would make more sense, 
  looks like italian to me, 
  yes it 's a religious place but it 's actually really depressing too . 
  a large amount of disabled people travel to lourdes in hopes of being cured by going to this place . 
  you will always see a ton of trip organisers at local airports such as pau which take a group of old or crippled people to this statue to pray . 
  all this because 100 years ago someone claimed to see an apparition . 
  i 'm sorry but no it 's not even comparable . 
  there are many areas in syria , particularly the south , that have nearly been untouched by the war . 
  many parts of the country still run normally . 
  no they have no chance, 
  ok so the first round means fuck all then, 
  what on earth is this crap, 
  ok well i guess portugal has won , no idea why, 
  oh cheers i had no idea it was on twitch . 
  she speaks so well wow, 
  lmao they just used that guy to promote their website , what sellouts haha, 
  it would be a bit awkward if they won, 
  that french girl is unbelievably pretty , she ca n't be real right ? 
  i do n't know how they can say those things with a straight face . 
  it 's probably just a bunch of americans who have never been to europe . 
  [ removed ], 
  it 's a very modern country with great healthcare , not really surprising . 
  is n't it curious how the most prominent black civil rights activists from the 60s are now dead and now these shit stains are showing up . 
  are people just generally getting thicker in the head , or is this as a result of the internet and access to more information . 
  probably both . 
  this coup is not going very smoothly so far , i 'm starting to think it will fail and if it does god help turkey ( literally ), 
  60 killed confirmed, 
  have fun picking between a criminal and an oaf . 
  at least we have more than two parties . . 
  good thing i have no money in the first place then : ^ ), 
  who is we ? 
  this is the second largest international football competition behind the world cup . 
  furthermore we already know that they are more than capable of attacking in france since it has very relaxed borders ( schengen zone ) and a large number of extremest cells within their cities . 
  it 's a perfect opportunity to strike since millions will be watching on tv and you have to remember the biggest threat that terrorism presents us with is fear and fear is easily spread through the media . 
  they also know that any sort of attack will have backlash against ` non-extremist ' muslims and possibly lead to more fresh recruits to join them in syria . 
  to me anyway it seems almost inevitable . 
  if it did happen it would probably be in paris or toulouse since they both have large north african and muslim demographics . 
  being right wing in any western state is not easy , even in the states, 
  what if he was doing the three lions approach ? 
  maybe he was thinking `` if i blow up a mosque the muslims will blame the jews '', 
  i 'm fairly certain there will be some sort of attack at this tournament , there are simply too many people and too many locations and not enough security to cover everything . 
  in the end we can never truly prevent terrorism sadly . 
  as long as erdogan is in charge they can fuck off . 
  nobody wants turkey in the eu when their leader is a censoring and corrupt cunt . 
  no but if we deported all muslims that would n't be just to all the innocents . 
  really ?
