exactly . 
  as an atheist i thoroughly agree with you . 
  one of the requirements to enter europe should be to relinquish your religion or at least vow not to display it publicly . 
  great picture . 
  they should be referred to as economic migrants , and not refugees . 
  that 's quite a cool idea . 
  never heard of it before and neither did other poles , apparently . 
  `` father of poland 's economic success '' ? 
  hahaha , that 's a good one :p in poland he 's rather famous for the destruction of polish economy and national wealth . 
  i would do exactly the opposite of what he suggests . 
  i think since 11.09.2001 we 've heard enough of this bullshit and finally politicians have to admit that islam is a huge problem . 
  yep , you 're probably right . 
  i 'd say that in fact both parties are rather pro-us and right-wing and there are very few tangible differences between them . 
  just that one of them is more ` in your face ' catholic than the other . 
  wow , that 's a big oversimplification right there . 
  in the parliament there is no left at the moment :( but some new grassroots movements are emerging and hopefully they will gain some support ... 
  i would really like if the european union pushed towards further federalisation and eventually created one central government focused on social progress . 
  this would be really nice . 
  it is relevant because it tells you exactly how much money you get per hour of your precious time . 
  it is much more reliable measure than pay per 160 to 220 hours a month ( depending on how much you 're exploited ) . 
  let 's suppose it 's 400 euros/month but the hours of work are unlimited , so saying we have a minimum wage is really a bullshit statement . 
   together , these three unions cover all employees in finland . 
   so you can always escalate until you can grind the whole country to a standstill . 
  omg , that 's awesome !, 
  it 's a pity that in poland such things are unimaginable :(, 
  actually i 'm quite shocked at the rank of the czech republic here . 
  you have it worse than poland ? 
  mind blowing . 
  besides , do you even have hourly minimum wage ? 
  because poland does n't , so i do n't really know what they are referring to ... 
  as a pole , this is tragic :( there should be riots in the streets every day until something is changed . 
  hehe , yes , i like to refer to my beloved motherland [ irony ] as `` capitalist paradise '' . 
  we 're on the road to chinese standards ... edit : which is sad of course . 
  i do n't praise it . 
  i criticise it . 
  unfortunately quite many poles are this stupid , that 's why we have to emigrate west , where there are trade unions and where they respect human dignity ... 
  right ? 
  the poles are so brainwashed that they actually do n't like trade unions . 
  well , another thing is that the government could n't give fewer fucks about people , so trade unions ca n't really change much . 
  there are too few of them , they 're too weak and the propaganda ridicules them . 
  there should be massive riots on the streets right now but i think people are just too tired ... ps . 
  i 'm a pole and i know some people in a trade union [ edit : not in mining btw , but in another industry in a company making hundreds of millions pln in annual net profit ] . 
  for poland the results are : food , beer , stuff , vodka . 
  and in polish : pound sterling , passport , euro , to build a house . 
  my bet is on rzesz\u00f3w . 
  haha , nice half of these names are pretty good approximations but half of them would be unrecognisable in polish . 
  ` josh show ' ? 
  wtf ? 
  it 's not even close :p, 
  heck , i 'm leaving this ridiculous shithole right the moment shit hits the fan, 
  no , not at all . 
  just some hardcore anti-communist fanatics have a problem with it . 
  anyone who wears anything with marx gains instant respect from me . 
  yeah , from communist shithole to a capitalist shithole . 
  yay , nice going !, 
  sadly , poland has regressed since . 
  speak for yourself . 
  nah , i do n't really think so . 
  we were dependent from the ussr in terms of foreign relations and economic/trade policies , but certainly not in terms of health policies . 
  but even if it was true , at least it 's a one thing that we could be grateful for . 
  maybe once a year on average . 
  usually it does n't last very long - for a few minutes up to an hour max . 
  i live in warsaw , the biggest city in poland . 
  germany . 
  we 'd quickly lose and maybe they 'd establish some good old * ordnung * here . 
  poles are unable to govern themselves these days . 
   we still love them though . 
  we look down on them a teeny bit in a playful manner for being super catholic and pretending to be a powerful nation ( czechs like to think poland is a bit developmentally retarded ) , but they 're still a good bro . 
  aww , that 's cute . 
   yeah , personally i hate those two traits you mentioned , so you can mock them all you want . 
   do poles feel anything towards the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ? 
  nope , not at all . 
  i do n't even think about it , let alone feeling anything . 
  it 's mostly fascists/nationalists that like to remind themselves that territories like lithuania or ukraine were once `` ours '' . 
  hahaha , as a pole i would n't mind that , but i 'm afraid no one would want to bother themselves with our country . 
  it 's just the norm here . 
  automatic transmission is gaining some popularity but not as fast as i 'd expect . 
   as far as personal ownership law goes , it 's one of the toughest in the world , and that shows in the statistics , with supposedly 0.7 guns per 100 residents - 16th lowest in the world . 
  compare that to the us 's 112.6 per 100 . 
  i believe it 's similar in poland . 
  i heard somewhere that we have the lowest gun ownership in europe . 
  i 've been to a shooting range quite a few times and fired some pistols , revolvers and some kind of rifle . 
  i was always the youngest in a shooting range ( born 1988 ) . 
  it 's quite uncommon for my generation to ever even see a real weapon ... 
  he 's viewed very positively in poland , but he 's not idealised . 
  he 's respected that he fought against our occupiers ( germans and russians ) and restored a polish state ( [ duchy of warsaw ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchy_of_warsaw ) ) . 
  i 've recently heard a radio advertisement about black friday sales in some shop which struck me as quite odd because we 've never had this in poland . 
  i dunno , probably it came from the uk . 
  about 22 years . 
  i would n't distinguish it from poland if you did n't tell me it 's in estonia . 
  although nowadays many buildings from the soviet period are refurbished and look very nice . 
  it 's just like in poland . 
  i know a few people that are openly atheist and a few people that are openly religious . 
  most people however just do n't give much thought to it . 
  they will have the sacraments you mentioned or maybe go to church twice a year but i doubt there are many religious people in my generation ( 28 yo ) . 
  i have probably been to 13 out of 16 polish provinces . 
  sometimes for a day trip , sometimes for a few weeks , 2 of those 13 i was just passing through . 
  i immediately thought of the same movie . 
  it 's great . 
  they 're outsourcing to poland because of painfully low wages and low taxes .
