eh ... britain led the abolishing of slavery and the states followed half a century later . 
  russia did most of the work in saving europe from world war ii and you only joined world war i at the very end . 
  although i agree you helped in rebuilding europe ( germany ... ) however you also profited so much from the colonial powers being subdued by half a century of bloody conflict and decolonisation that you were able to hoard the wealth and resources and emerge as the last one standing alongside russia . 
  many europeans see america as the bystander which profited heavily from their own country and continent 's misfortune . 
  i agree with you otherwise , but just a thought ... 
  it 'll be overshadowed by the fact that cyprus and macedonia are n't included as part of greece . 
  the greeks will go mad over that !!, 
  when turkey is included as part of europe ... 
  the greeks will go mad over that !!, 
  please give my friend a home he was born in yugoslavia, 
  this is why we need a unified eastern europe again - so i can see an entire single photo, 
  yes i agree , i never did think there was much to see in russia ... 
  wages can not be equalised because the economies are not equal and the euro does not have equal purchasing power in each country . 
  it 's just like how wages in the big city of your country are higher than in rural towns . 
  this is because living is more expensive in the big town than in the rural one . 
  it would not be fair to a parisian who pays $ 15 for breakfast to give the same wage for a particular job to a greek who only pays $ 5 for that same meal . 
  this is the biggest problem with monetary unions like the eu . 
  just no . 
  thank you thank you thank you edit : it 's a private dating community oh no, 
  that 's true ^ i know it 's less attractive for uk companies to hire eu citizens . 
  so therefore , it 's really hard to renew your work visa on both sides if no company wants you . 
  there 's also the issue of sponsorship . 
  you need your employer to vouch for you , and in some countries there are rules about which professions can and ca n't be sponsored . 
  for example , in australia it 's illegal to sponsor a foreign worker in the retail sector . 
  was n't the whole point of brexit to erase freedom of movement ... 
  if everyone is a citizen of each other 's country then they may as well just come back to the union and negotiate with the eu to tighten immigration policy, 
  if you want to keep eu citizenship just marry me !, 
  because i want a british one too !, 
  urban planning !, 
  paris is just a bunch of triangles leading confused tourists in circles chasing their tails, 
  yes that 's true , argentina had zero claim on falklands . 
  i 'll be interested to see what happens to gibraltar , but then again i 'll be interested to see what happens to portugal . 
  the uk did n't even adopt the euro and they 're still complaining ? 
  lol, 
  yes i 've read about it and it seems it is n't as good as it 's cracked up to be , but obviously sweden does n't bankrupt its citizens over vital healthcare like the us does . 
  but the us system is the cancer of humanity so ... 
  i 've also read that there 's a tax for those who want to get private healthcare because it 's `` skipping the line '' so you end up waiting forever in public hospitals while you get sicker and sicker . 
  i know i 'd rather come back to australia for a treatment , we 're forced by our government to have healthcare on top of the public system . 
  the result is that you can get treated immediately and you pay a fraction of the medical bills . 
  nah , no one in gibraltar wants to be spanish . 
  they 've voted that many times and chosen to overwhelmingly remain british subjects, 
  they probably wo n't release them for a long time after all the contents become politically irrelevant ... 
  the thing i feel most sad over is margaret burning all those letters ... 
  really bad healthcare system that no one likes and is confused about immigration and refugee policy, 
  gibraltar belongs to britain , it 's beyond dispute . 
  i do n't know why spain even thinks its relevant . 
  now we know where argentina gets it from . 
  you do know the audience of this subreddit right ? 
  just checking . 
  * northern ireland and gibraltar lose their shit *, 
  my cousin calls it `` house of 300 malakes '' and i can see the little buggers plotting another embezzlement fund from my hotel room across the square ... 
  oh please , our government does n't have the tax money to spare to fly a politician to the uk . 
  they 're too busy pocketing it for themselves, 
  yes , but i do n't expect the carriers or the plans or the deals to be very good in greece lol edit : and who knows they might not be in the eu for too much longer, 
  too bad i 'm a citizen of greece then ... 
  yeah i did n't want to say but i 'm wondering whether i should be travelling to france on bastille day at this point, 
  i heard that the canisters were confirmed as fake and there was n't any danger of an explosion or anything like that , which is relieving given how widespread the attacks are becoming in ... well ... everywhere, 
  i 'll write one and post a link , and then we 'll be as trashy as the streets of my home country !, 
  wait so ... 
  there will be no wedding between macron and trudeau ? 
  well that answers my follow up question . . 
  melania is viewed as a gold digger who got thrust into the spotlight unwillingly when her husband again ran for president . 
  people feel sorry for her because she clearly never wanted the life of being first lady or any of the media attention she has . 
  if your government uses the rise in gdp to invest in the country , then growth can be good . 
  however 5 % in the first quarter seems quite irregular and also a lot ... be careful that it wo n't lead to inflation and downwards pressure on exports !, 
  that 's all i think it is too - people are n't attracted to mona because it 's genuinely an interesting piece , it 's because it 's famous and it 's old . 
  unfortunately there 's always a coach load of tourists in front of her which does n't help the experience . 
  that and mona is tucked away on the third floor of the palace on one of the extending arms from the main courtyard ... 
  it 's so out of the way and you would n't think of going up there unless you were doing rounds of the entire complex, 
  the mona lisa is a pretty uninspiring piece , very underwhelming and not exciting at all . 
  it 's quite tiny ... 
  there are so many more interesting things to see in le louvre , thankfully, 
  i can follow that logic , and i think it highlights something important about the cultural attitudes of people in my country versus yours . 
  money is important to me because i do n't have a state that will look after me - in fact the pension is going to be scrapped well before i 'm retired , and our retirement fund system is being taxed the hell out of so there 's not much incentive to save for retirement given that the investment just gets taken by the government anyway ... and when i mean `` taken '' , this is meant to be a fund that can support a person from 65 years of age until their death . 
  it 's an instant 30 % tax if you `` earn too much '' ( ie . 
  invest too much in your retirement ) and an instant tax if you access any of that retirement money before the set retirement age ( which keeps on increasing , mind you ) i guess it 's reasonably tough for people here not to be money focused because our government is really good at making us feel cheated , cornered , powerless when it comes to taxation and retirement savings ... 
  my favourite part is that whenever a character mentions him , they always say `` nikolai jackov , head of the kgb '' just to constantly reaffirm the gag . 
  i really miss the kgb vs isis story arcs , it brought so many good characters and backstories in ... 
  sad that they killed the plot line off tbh, 
  smetana 's home country . 
  he allegedly sat by the st john rapids along the vltava river when he thought of the world famous melody in the orchestral piece by the same name , also called `` moldau '' in germany and elsewhere . 
  the piece depicts the course of czechia 's longest river from the connecting of two streams at the start , through bohemian forest ( where it witnesses a traditional wedding ceremony ) and then through an area occupied by nymphs and mythical creatures . 
  the piece also shows the river passing through the rapids and then flowing into prague . 
  the piece ends as the river passes under charles bridge and then flows out into the elbe . 
  no music better captures the spirit of czechia and europe in a wider sense than this one https://youtu.be/3g4nkzmfc-q, 
  yeah it was intentionally modelled after hitler 's office ... 
  that might be true for the uk , but trust me the finns and swedes are better english speakers than we are - however that 's not to say they would want to leave home ... 
  our cost of living is quite high do n't forget . 
  we get very few things at world price here . 
  incomes have not been growing with inflation in australia over the past few decades , and banks have certainly not been giving any incentives to save . 
  it 's also been a tough job market because although we avoided the gfc , we got hit years later when our mining industry crashed ... and our government did n't use profits from that boom to invest in sustainable industry either , so now there are very few jobs going around . 
  finding skilled full time work is next to impossible even for those with higher education , unfortunately . 
  in addition , our housing in the big cities is crazy expensive . 
  the median house price is $ 850k , and that 's in our less expensive of the two major capitals ( mel ) . 
  the incomes are high in absolute terms but unfortunately they 're not worth very much . 
  everything from imports to travel to housing , even alcohol , are cripplingly expensive . 
  on occasion when i 've been to europe , i 've strongly noticed the difference in pricing . 
  and yes i missed the tax bracket by quite a bit , it does change every year but i 'm not sure where i got the 120 figure from ... my mistake, 
  i often think that the reason no one 's really gotten anywhere with africa is because these damn ngos absorb most of public donations to keep themselves running and very little of it goes to the people who need it . 
  we have so many in au and i always have to research the company affiliated before donating because often it 's another money sink ... to really help africa on a large scale we 'd need some more trustworthy companies that actually vow to minimise costs who set up in country rather than try to help from a head office overseas . .
