  except the wehrmacht did pretty damn bad in poland , all things considering . 
  as for the point with the tanks : france had a number of tanks that were vastly superior to most of the german ones , their limiting factor was simply that they were thinly divided amongst infantry divisions as support . 
  even then , `` muh tanks '' is n't a good argument for an army 's strength, 
  `` largest '' and `` strongest '' are n't the same thing . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  then again , neither muslims nor hindus are an ethnicity . 
  i think he was talking about how india consists out of many different cultural groups with different languages and history etc. 
  01-02-1870 06:66 free gold here i come, 
  if you doubt that afghanistan is so unsafe , why do n't you head over to kunduz and have a chat with the friendly taliban ? 
  surely they 're keeping the country real safe . 
  neither did the person you were replying to . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t say the same for the general population though . 
  the germans were far worse than the soviets in sending people to camps or just outright murdering them ( note that i 'm saying worse , not saying the soviets did n't do this ), 
  people say saterdei ? 
  i 've only ever heard sneon being used where i 'm from ( earrenfean/snits ), 
  the point i was making was that while you can call yourself socialist or left-wing or democratic , that does n't make automatically make you what you say you are . 
  the nsdap was not left-wing . 
  nk is not far-left or communist , they 're juche . 
  so north korea ( democratic people 's republic of korea ) is a bastion of freedom and democracy ? 
  so then , if you agree with the other guy , and you say that `` some '' have a positive impact , then it follows that others do not . 
  / u/lyress argued that muslims have a negative impact on society , so i wondered what his opinion on critically disabled people was . 
  people who essentially can only stay at home or in a care house ( do n't really know what they 're called in english ) . 
  would you ( or he ) consider those people to have a `` positive impact on society '' ? 
  so do you believe critically disabled people have a positive impact on society ? 
  ah okay , that clears it up , thanks !, 
  still , why celebrate that with parades ? 
  seems to me latvia still should n't really be proud of that , especially since you guys ( as well as the other baltics ) have a lot more to be proud of ? 
  wait , why were they recruited by the waffen ss then instead of the wehrmacht ? 
  did n't the waffen ss usually have volunteer legions ( like our dutch legion who are definitely considered nazis and war criminals ) ? 
  lol and byelorussia is not ? 
  capitalism in two words . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_bengal_famine_of_1770 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bengal_famine_of_1943 there \u00b4 s just two examples of how capitalism can lead to exactly the same thing . 
  \u00b4 muh communism killed literally gazillions , deaths under capitalism was just a coincidence \u00b4 is such a shit argument . 
  ah yes , how the good people of india thrived under the benevolent east india company \u00b4 s rule , and how happy those congolese rubber gatherers were , having been freed from the burden of having hands ... 
  thank you capitalism , our god and saviour !, 
  u/nikolaz72 was implying that those massacres never occurred , which is simply wrong . 
  i replied with the link for that reason . 
  i 'm not trying to restart any hatred , just saying crimes like these should never be forgotten . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  sure thing buddy , keep the hate strong , great move to delete your post too !, 
  jesus christ mate , do you even calm ? 
  also , you keep repeating like a fucking parrot that i apologized for mass murder , i did n't , and i said multiple times i despise it . 
  and why the fuck do you think being a social democratic piece of hypocrite shit gives you an excuse for being partly guilty of not doing fuck all about capitalism 's atrocities ? 
  you 're part of the problem , because you apparently are completely innocent , but still live comfortably in wealthy europe . 
  fuck you for not giving a rat 's ass about children dying because of a bunch of fat fuck 's greed . 
  do the world a favour and kindly piss off . 
  personally , i 'm very happy with having greece in the union , and i 'd hate to see them go , but i know many people think otherwise . 
  what 's your opinion on the matter ? 
  did you just compare an entire country , 180 + million people , to a toilet ? 
  jesus dude wtf . 
  how would russia transition to communism ? 
  that 's almost completely impossible . 
  russia is a country where you have oligarchs with massive wealth . 
  why would the state ever remove those , seeing that the oligarchs support it ?!, 
  a country which has oligarchs is just . 
  not . 
  communist . 
  the meme of `` everything i do n't like about russia is communism '' needs to die because it 's stupid . 
  and `` communism but with the orthodox church meets north korea '' is not communism . 
  communism does not mean `` russian people doing things i do n't like '' , it has a specific meaning . 
  at no point in this video did i see somebody advocating workers ' control of the means of production . 
  that 's not communism wtf ? 
  thanks for the information , definitely did n't know that !, 
  do you live in russia ? 
  are things improving there right now , or getting worse ? 
  nope , russian gdp actually dropped drastically after the fall of the ussr i think . 
  so you 're fine with deporting people _ literally _ just because of their religion ? 
  sounds like you 're the one who does n't belong in europe . 
  it was _ partly _ created by human activity , yes ( ineffective agricultural policies , fanatic communists seizing seeds , some farmers burning their crops ) but the years prior to the famine had been vary bad ecologically which dramatically exacerbated it . 
  mass starvation does n't have a political agenda , and the holodomor killed ukrainians , tatars , moldavians and russians alike without much discrimination . 
  that said the holodomor was indeed most severe in the ethnically ukrainian parts of the ussr . 
  makes sense since the ukraine was we 're most of the ussr 's food came from in the first place . 
  but then the holodomor was n't _ really _ a genocide either ( something most historians agree on in the first place btw ) . 
  `` just '' a horrible famine . 
  `` mud huts '' ? 
  seriously , could you be more racist than this ? 
  damn , you got me, 
  stalin never said that . 
  yes , let 's just ignore human rights and indiscriminately kill brown people !, 
  just like those good guys from the past , what were they called again ? 
  nazos or something ? 
   tfw jesus is a racist bulgarian, 
  go back to stormfront dude , jesus christ . 
   undead rhodesian  post in r/changemyview : `` hitler did absolutely nothing wrong '' hmmmm, 
  hahahaha do you honestly think that a bunch of poor muslim refugees are going to be able to defeat the combined militaries of europe ? 
  hahahaha cuz if you do you 're an idiot, 
  stability ? 
  hardly , monarchs are extremely scandal prone . 
  impartiality ? 
  see previous , and there 's many cases of british monarchs attempting to meddle with elections and democracy . 
  no re-elections ? 
  sounds like despotism and autocracy , look to russia to see how that ended . 
  representative ? 
  also hardly , more like representative of the nation 's upper class . 
  but why tho, 
  yes , they call themselves finns ^ / s, 
  ah , apologies for getting them mixed up . 
  his argument still does n't hold though ; the exact same goes for west african or jamaican runners ; their `` abilities '' are so much more easily explained by logical things than `` they run fast cuz they 're black '' . 
  lmao what ? 
  first of all , why are nearly all top-ranking sprinters ethiopian or kenyan * .
