this is pure comedy gold, 
  after having been to scotland i no longer can live without irn bru , i 've stockpiled absolute tons of the stuff, 
  yeah , exactly like how more and more people are starting to magically turn gay in the netherlands because gay marriage is legal right ? 
  i 'd never fight for the dutch , only way i 'd pick up a gun if it was for friesland itself . 
  i do n't really care much for the concept of country , instead i identify much more with ethnicity . 
  the reasons for that are incredibly many and incredibly comples , you 'd need an entire book to understand them . 
  but they did not have `` bronze age '' equipment . 
  the `` conquest '' happened without any military intervention in many occasions . 
  what 's the point that you 're trying to make really ? 
  that the africans were `` lesser '' or that they deserved to be conquered ? 
  hungarians and romanians , the two people who hate eachother almost as much as serbs hate turks , such a proud achievement . 
  they did , but there 's not much use defending yourself using spears , swords , and chainmail , combined with a few rifles that europeans considered outdated against machine gun-armed european regular troops . 
  in the netherlands , the [ ncpn ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nieuwe_communistische_partij-ncpn ) are probably the most far-left party , but they 're not at all hostile to anyone or anything , so i consider them to be good people . 
  they have very little support however , and in terms of `` big '' parties , the [ sp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_party_ ( netherlands ) is probably the most far-left , of which i 'm a massive supporter . 
  damn , i hope he returns to romania alive and well . 
  there 's very little of them , guess why ? 
  european colonization . 
  before we came along there were many rich african empires , like many of the states i mentioned in my previous comment . 
  in short : yes . 
  very much . 
  there may be massive differences , but to be honest i 'm really tired of constantly being afraid of economic , political , and social insecurity : things like the crisis , big evil russia , and sometimes rampant xenophobia here in europe . 
  looking back at the past , all we 've had is war , hatred , disease etc. 
  i really believe it 's time we unite , to stop being pushed around by the us and russia , and just build a new europe in peace . 
   viktor orban comes out as a jewish-roma homosexual and installs a political-correct dictatorship of tolerance and understanding in the once proud and christian nation of hungary . 
  the name of the country changes from magyarorsz\u00e1g to magayorsz\u00e1g . 
  rofl , yes please, 
  i second this , especially the ones in amsterdam !, 
  are you a complete idiot ? 
  not only is your main statement not true , that whole page you linked is full of complete lies !, 
  `` when europeans first came to sub-saharan africa , they found a people who had not invented the wheel or developed a written language , and they would not have these things even today had it not been for european intervention . '', 
  wtf ? 
  ever heard of mali , the songhai , jolof , kanem bornu etc. 
  etc. ? 
  you sound like one of the most stupid racists i 've ever seen , and racists do n't belong in an educated and modern place like europe . 
  transnistria 's independent though , why 'd they survey them ? 
  are you one of them ? 
  if so , could you provide some words ? 
  always wanted to know how our brother people sound , 
  you keep ignoring capitalism 's atrocities and pretending i 'm the horrific person here . 
  you should also really get some hydration for all that salt . 
  aaaaand i stopped listening because your opinion is the absolute only one that matters . 
  i do n't defend those killings , i 've said that before . 
  learn to fucking read . 
  edit : you actually just proved my point . 
  you said that there 's more than only two alternatives . 
  i do n't want horrible murder communism , just like you do n't want horrible murder capitalism . 
  jesus christ mate , i said i didn \u00b4 t want to argue anymore because i don \u00b4 t feel like wasting my time being forced to explain why i want * everyone * to be able to eat and go to sleep in a fucking bed , not just western people . 
  but apparently that means i 'm an apologist for mass murder . 
  by that rate , you are too ( imperialism , colonialism etc. ), 
  as well as an advocate for child rape ( poor families in nepal often are forced to sell their daughters into prostitution ) and of course horrid war crimes ( capitalist usa , abu ghraib ) . 
  so fuck off with your high and mighty attitude , and do n't pretend capitalism is a good institution . 
  it directly enables these things . 
  sure thing mate , despite studying the interbellum period and wwii , i know nothing about it . 
  you obviously have a bias against communism , and i don \u00b4 t really feel like arguing about this anymore . 
  next time you argue against communism , try not to sound like mccarthy though . 
  has communism , the concept of all people being equal and no single man superior to another , directly led to the deaths of over 100 million people in the last century ? 
  authoritarianism and dictatorship has . 
  dekulakization was a program under stalinism , a system that almost all communists dislike . 
  second : do you know why landed peasantry in russia was a bad thing ? 
  because of serfdom . 
  millions of peasants were virtually slaves to their landowners . 
  do n't see how that 's just . 
  you 're right . 
  honduras has the highest murder rate on the planet thanks to communism . 
  again , i was specifically talking about those people who comitted those crimes when i talked about paranoia . 
  i absolutely do n't support your great-grandparents getting murdered for owning a farm . 
  if anything that 's counterrevolutionary , not communist . 
  why do capitalists always say `` well communism killed 100000 billion people hur dur '' whenever someone mentions the fact capitalism leads to horrible things such as the ones i 've mentioned ? 
  i never justified crimes against humanity - i consider those killings horrible . 
  i also do not support any kind of killings . 
  nowhere did i say those killings were just . 
  edit : i also do n't preach hatred . 
  i absolutely hate intolerance , but i also hate opression . 
  that 's why i dislike capitalism : because of the economic and often political opression it creates . 
  do you believe communists support the mass killing of innocent people ? 
  because they do n't , the people who committed those crimes did so for reasons they though were ideological , but were almost always simply out of paranoia ( just like many of those crimes in the capitalist countries ) . 
  also , you simply linked to an article about killings under communist regimes , implying that those killings were a symptom of political oppression . 
  if your argument against communism is that it opresses people , why do n't you hate capitalism for also opressing people ( slavery , colonialism , imperialism etc. 
  just because some succeed , does n't mean it 's an effective system of government ; all of africa is a shithole mostly because of capitalism-fueled imperialism , latin america is full of crime , destitution , poverty , etc. 
  despite being capitalist , and even the oh so succesful united states have massive social/economic issues such as mass poverty , huge income equality etc. 
  that 's also an irrelevant argument , as an uncountable amount of killings have also been comitted under capitalism . 
  i could say literally exactly the same about capitalism , so that argument does n't work . 
  yeah , how dare people not want to be opressed ? 
  how dare they demand equal chances and rights ? 
  belarus = `` belyy '' ( white ) + `` rus '' ( roughly translatable to russia ) , same goes for most languages . 
  but the palestinians are the ones who continually refused a two-state solution , instead just declaring war every time . 
  many of the things you pointed out , such as promoting women 's rights fully and supporting lgbt rights are hallmarks of leftist political thought , not just of the so-called `` regressive '' left . 
  therefore , i simply assumed you were referring to the left as a whole . 
  the thing is that i 've heard `` your '' case countless times : right wingers who pretend all left wingers are idiots who give out free hugs to immigrants and want to flood every country with as many refugees as possible . 
  it 's simply not true , but r/europe is full of them . 
  `` you have no idea what you are talking about , do you ? '', 
  `` yeah , i ca n't tell if you are serious and an idiot or just joking . '', 
  `` so basically you admit that you have no idea . '', 
  yeah , you 're one to talk about ad hominem . 
  what are you rambling on about ? 
  stop trying to shove your agenda in people 's faces . 
  so when people use broad generalizations for `` the regressive left '' it 's perfectly fine , but as soon as someone generalizes the right it 's a heinous crime ? 
  my god, 
  `` not my opinion ? 
  this guy must be an evil propagandist ! '',
