  home grown to get rid of dirt and stor bought to get rid of whatever they sprayed it to keep it looking fresh . 
  the only thing i do n't clean are bananas for obvious reasons . 
  oh yes , that 's true !, 
  i did n't think of that . 
  and i do n't think we have any of those here . 
  i use local version , but set it to display english results . 
  never been to one or even heard of one . 
  i also never heard of american cuisine , maybe apart from burgers . 
  is n't almost everything taken from other cultures ? 
  anyway , searching for * american restaurant * , there seems to be some . 
  mostly offer burgers and steaks and seems distinctly american-themed , but i 'm not sure what to look for since i 'm not familiar with dishes of american cuisine . 
  you seem to be implying it would help . 
  however , i do n't remember a single recent ( honestly , i do n't remember any ever , but i suppose there ought to be some ) shooting in the us that was `` resolved '' by a civilian use of a firearm . 
  european system is fine . 
  most eu countries allow people to own firearms , just under conditions you are physically and mentally able and are able to pass a test . 
  that 's fine and i see no reason why this should change . 
  if i do n't count being given a sip of beer at a young age ( < 10 ) , i never started and do n't see any reason to start now ( 22 ) . 
  which is pretty much heresy in czech rep. 
  i 'm very often being offered alcohol especially by older family members who are for whatever reason unable to understand i really do n't want it . 
  we just * grill * . 
  in my family we grill mostly fish , sausages ( mostly [ shorter thicker local variation ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0160pek\u00e1\u010dek ) i do n't know the translation for ) , skewers and vegetables . 
  and less frequently burgers and other meat . 
   why does n't anyone use air conditioning ? 
  it gets seriously hot ( 30-40 \u00b0 c ) only during the summer . 
  and even then it 's usually enough just to point a fan at oneself . 
  it 's simply not worth it financially to install air-conditioning everywhere . 
   but no one ever mows the lawn or trims the bushes . 
  i suppose it depends on the park , but generally they do get mowed regularly . 
  how `` tall '' was the grass you saw ? 
  it may just be that we do n't mind a little taller grass instead of trimming it to 3cm height all the time ( i actually do n't know what is usual grass cutting height ) . 
  hard to tell , but the motivation definitely would n't be as strong . 
  english opens tons of doors , whilst learning basically any other language with exception of maybe chinese does n't . 
  since the beginning of high school we are supposed to study 2 foreign languages . 
  i had russian as my second language . 
  it 's been couple years since i finished hs and i can say `` i do n't understand russian . '', 
  and read ( but without understanding ) cyrillic . 
  i will be picking up spanish now ( because uni requires us to have 2 foreign languages ; one at least at b2 ) , but again , i plan to pass it on the lowest possible level and never touch it again . 
  i believe my time would be better used for improving my english . 
  i do n't think i have aptitude for languages . 
  my english is only this good , because i have been using it basically daily since i was ~ 15 y/o . 
  hence i doubt i would be particularly stoked for learning another language i wo n't use . 
  because if i wo n't use it , i wo n't learn it and most definitely will forget it before long . 
  given the financial shitstorm that is being rained on britain , i think there is a good chance noone will follow any time soon . 
  first you get a note from you doctor stating you are fit to drive and whether you need glasses . 
  then you pay driving school and you will have to drive with teacher for ~ 50 hours ( i do n't remember ) . 
  they will also give you some instruction as to the technical side of things . 
  there were classes , but i honestly do n't remember whether those were mandatory . 
  they were however completely useless . 
  after finishing this course , you do the theoretical test ( law , theoretical driving and few medical questions ) . 
  after you pass that you do the driving test and the maintenance test ( for lack of better words ) . 
  driving is obviously driving around ( and parking ) for a while in traffic and then 2 quick maintenance questions ( what are these lights for , what 's abs , ... ) . 
  then you get your license for a car . 
  no , problem  i was just curious . 
  i suppose . 
  calling it * usurping * just feels kinda negative . 
  it 's still taught obviously . 
  it 's often offered as second foreign language . 
  it 's by far not as popular as german , which is considered the most useful due to us sharing so much of our border with germany . 
  i 've heard recently that russian is becoming more popular lately ( still miles from german though ) . 
  when i was at grammar school few years back , there were less than 30 of us ( out of 120 ; 4 classes ) studying it . 
  less than 15 had french and the rest had german . 
   how badly is english usurping its role in eastern europe ? 
  what 's wrong with english ? 
  i fail to see how . 
  that would mean every war for independence is a revolutionary war . 
  revolution is france fighting it 's leaders and becoming ... bit different france . 
  war for independence is 13 colonies rising against their masters and gaining independence from them and forming a new country - usa . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i mean , i have n't read trough it ( and i wo n't ) , but torture is n't the only problem about the cases / u/invisible182 mentioned . 
   you are ignorant of our laws , please do not comment on them as for that , well , some posters took it as offence for whatever reason , but it 's not like op is being very understanding either . 
  * american war of independence * is taught from the point of view that americans were oppressed . 
  we do n't really go into much detail . 
  pretty much just the boston tea party , who won and what was established afterwards . 
  probably not even one 45 minute lesson in high school is spend on it . 
  it 's also generally not called * revolutionary * as it was n't as much of a revolution as it was gaining independence . 
  surely those people got fair and public trial as required by the 5th , 6th and 7th amendment ? 
  there are good doctor and bad doctors . 
  plain and simple . 
  and i imagine it 's like that everywhere . 
  as for wait times , well , that depends on the hospital , but generally you will have to wait unless you are in immediate need of help . 
  we pay small fee for a visit/check-up ( like $ 5 ? 
  ; i 'm not sure if they changed it ) and small fee for a receipt . 
  i 'm not 100 % about medications , but you should get at least partial coverage on those you need . 
  all necessary procedures are paid for you , but usually anything extra ( like better , more expensive procedure ) is paid for by the patient ( the insurance will cover the price for the basic procedure , you have to pay the rest ) , but generally it 's not overly expensive . 
  for example lasik is supposed to cost $ 2000/eye on average in the us . 
  here , i found the most accurate and safest priced at around $ 900 ( inc. 20 % vat ) . 
  that would n't be paid for from my insurance because i do n't need it . 
  i got glasses ( which the insurance partially pays for ) , so anything extra is on me ( though i think i would still get a small part paid for ) . 
  as far as i know , we follow the [ european firearms directive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overview_of_gun_laws_by_nation#european_union ) . 
  the rules are pretty clear so there is n't much the police can do if the gun fits the criteria . 
  written part of the test is like a school test . 
  i 've never heard of anyone dumb enough to cheat on it , so i do n't actually know what the outcome would be . 
  it 's 20 questions of of pool of 600 questions on variety of gun-related topics . 
  practical exam is to an extend self-regulatory . 
  the police itself does n't conduct the testing . 
  they usually do n't intervene at all . 
  volunteer shooters ( who had to pass a special test ) conduct the testing ( they are paid for it however ) . 
  the police is just making sure it 's all done right . 
  as for varying difficulty , it 's there , particularly with the disassembly part of the exam , where some examiners was very fine details and some just want you to know the basics ( around 10 terms ) . 
  i personally failed this part once , because i got * difficult * examiner .
