  little more often , electricity goes out for a split second , but it 's not particularly common either ( 1-3 times a year maybe ? 
  pretty low . 
  there really is n't anything spicy in our cuisine to begin with ( strongest native * spice * i can think would be garlic , which is n't particularly spicy ) . 
  i do like mildly spicy food though . 
  very mildly spicy . 
  more like where did our fucking czech telecommunication office make a wrong turn . 
  it 's been quite a big topic lately how the few providers here are fixing prices and keeping them up . 
  i did n't realize it was this bad . 
  couple examples ( usually the * popular * or * recommended * option ) - vodafone - 5gb with unlimited minutes and sms ~ $ 30 - t-mobile - 4gb with unlimited minutes and sms and up to $ 75 off price of a phone ~ $ 31 - o2 - 1.5 gb with unlimited minutes and sms and $ 35 off price of a phone ( + 3 months of spotify subscription and spotify does n't use up data ; smells like someone 's not following net neutrality ) i do n't need a lot , what i have is enough for me . 
  but it 's disproportionally expensive and there just is n't anything much cheaper . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  i pay equivalent of # 5 for 150mb of 4g data , 20 minutes and 20 sms . 
  they say we get screwed hard by our mobile providers , but i did n't know it 's this bad . 
  are slovaks particularly * popular * here ? 
  i personally do n't come into contact with any , but few of my friends complained in the past how they never bother to learn ( or at least adjust to ) czech and continue speaking incomprehensibly fast slovak . 
  - schools and such have it up during national holidays . 
  - during sports events people have small flags on their cars . 
  - obviously during international sports events people carry flash and paint it on their faces . 
  that 's about it . 
  outside of sport events normal people do n't really use the flag . 
  singaporean 2 . 
  new zealandish 3 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics and 1 . 
  italian 2 . 
  romanian 3 . 
  german yeah , not even close : / interesting though , bar few grammatical cases where i was little unsure , i was pretty confident that most of my answers were proper english . 
  just because two parties call it the same does n't mean it 's the same thing . 
  what nazis did was murder , not euthanasia . 
  euthanasia is meant for people who can not bear their pain any more and there are restrictions on who can under go it . 
  not to mention , again , eugenics is the process of improving the human genome . 
  people who decide they want to die , but ca n't , do n't tend to have many children after the decision is made . 
  hence the genome is n't affected and no eugenics takes place . 
   a child does n't choose to be killed in an abortion . 
  fair enough . 
  i will concede this point as we would go into the discussion what is and is n't a child and that 's beyond the scope of this argument . 
   that have this choice made for them ( kids or the ill ) . 
  in state where euthanasia is well regulated , you have to agree beforehand to have someone else be able to euthanize you , so it 's still a voluntary act . 
   single mothers , broken homes , criminals and stds . 
  as opposed to families that do n't function , but because catholicism does n't allow for divorce . 
  they have to stick together and bring up their kinds in non-ideal environment ? 
  also , what hellhole do you live in where this stuff ( apparently commonly ) happens ? 
  it sure does n't seem to be so bad in my , very atheistic , country . 
   what does polyamory or other non-monogamous relationships again , where the hell do you live ? 
  neither is encouraged . 
  people are encouraged to choose their partners wisely . 
  that does include * trying out * several partners , ** but not at the same time ** . 
  such polygamy is usually called cheating and people who sleep around with many partners are usually called * sluts * . 
  and i fail to see how either of those are compliments or encouraged . 
   you said it yourself , we could have a utopia if people actually followed the teachings . 
  instead , we 're left with what 's currently going on across the world . 
  however , i never said i like it . 
  also , god gave us free will , no ? 
  but in such utopia , free will would n't exist and as such , would n't that go against the nature of humans as we were created ? 
  against gods wishes for humans to have free will ? 
   normalizing forms of eugenics ( abortion and euthanasia ) i 'm sorry , but that 's just wildly wrong . 
  eugenics means selective breeding with aim to improve the human genome . 
  but neither euthanasia nor abortion is selective and neither in any way improved the human genome . 
  they are also voluntary and not controller by any entity . 
  they have nothing to do with eugenics . 
   enabling the spread of disease by supporting nihilistic dating culture and alternative lifestyles stupidity is what spreads sexual diseases , not the lack of faith . 
   widespread decrease in mental and physical health well , i guess i can somewhat see your reasoning here . 
  after all , placebo is also surprisingly effective . 
  basically , what you are describing is utopia where everyone follows the teachings to the letter . 
  and i can somewhat see the merit there , but i disagree with the inherent lack of choice in such society . 
  but at the end of the day , utopia is still utopia and the real world simply does n't function that way . 
   not everyone has to be a militant atheist . 
  not everyone has to be militant theist either . 
  i merely asked for a reason behind your opinion . 
   religion , specifically catholicism , is good for all societies . 
  an increase in atheism just sends a society down the drain due to its effects . 
  what effects are we talking ? 
  in a dishwasher . 
  however , when the need arises , i would fill the sink with water and soap . 
  scrub all the dirt off with sponge or something and rinse in water . 
  then dry them off with a towel and put away . 
  we usually would n't leave them off to dry by themselves . 
  i 'm sure there are other places i would like , but at the end of the day , simply liking the place is n't quite enough to make me move . 
  and at the moment , there simply is n't anything i would dislike so much here that i would want to move because of it . 
  the wages are the only kinda crappy part of living here , but my profession ( it ) thankfully gets pretty well paid so i do n't care all that much about that . 
  another thing is that while i like a lot of other places , there is usually some deal-breaker , like uk 's privacy policies japan 's work culture or australia 's omnipresent spiders ... 
  well , that opinion wo n't be popular here . 
  may i ask why do you think it 's good people are getting more religious ? 
  i do n't particularly like the village i live in , but i plan to move as soon as i finish my masters degree . 
  only to the closest city though . 
  as for the country , i have contemplated many times where would i move if i had the chance and there really are n't many i would prefer over cz . 
  at the end of the day , i like most of our laws and the culture of `` live and let live '' . 
  the wages could be way better . 
  i personally do n't like [ ours ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy8vcqcjw-w ) . 
  it 's very melancholic - something i think does n't match with czech culture very well . 
  there really is n't one as far as i know . 
  graduating high school is n't made out to be particularly big deal . 
  we usually have a ball month or two before the final exams . 
  but it 's more about finishing the final school year than passing the final exam ( the two are technically different thing i think ) . 
  the classes usually prepare few short ( usually musical ) shows for the ball and we all get a sash and some memorabilia ( the class chooses it ; my class had glasses with etched school logo and year ) . 
  however , upon passing the final exam , there is n't any official celebration . 
  i 'm looking forward to [ festival fantasie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/festival_fantazie ) ( festival of fantasy ? ) !, 
  it 's a con . 
  in fact , largest and more or less the only con here ( there is pragofest ; same thing , organized by the same people , but in the capital and it 's shorter and on smaller scale ) . 
  in the middle of nowhere ( kinda ) , in fairly small city ( < 10k population ) called * chot\u011bbo\u0159 * couple thousand people get together . 
  it 's basically bunch of tiny cons ( stargate , star wars , start trek , game of thrones , mlp , harry potter , japanese culture ( several separate cons technically ) and many more ) all together in one spot over the span of 10 days .
