  for example if i wore a shirt which said i was an aussie tourist and wanted you to introduce yourself , would you ? 
  we are n't unfriendly . 
  i doubt your t-shirt will matter much . 
  most people would try to help you if you asked for help . 
  it 's commonly pointed out how strangers do n't talk to each other on public transport for example . 
  you would n't just start a conversation with a stranger . 
  under some occasions , sure , but while everyone is minding their own bussiness we do n't tend to socialize for sake of socializing . 
   i was an aussie tourist and wanted you to introduce yourself , would you ? 
  just out of nowhere ? 
  no , i do n't know you : / i would have no problem pointing you in the right direction , but introducing myself seems strange . 
   how much of europe speaks english ? 
  i only know english and a bit of french so i was planning to stay near the capitols of each country for a larger chance of meeting bilingual people . 
  is this a correct assumption ? 
  the more south-east you get the worse it tends to be . 
  but in general you should be able to get by fine around major tourist destinations ( which always includes the capital ) . 
  try to speak clear english though . 
  people are not used to aussie english and might have pretty hard time understanding you . 
   australia has a very laid back culture which involves a lot of casual swearing and no-offense-intended sarcasm . 
  should i consciously avoid doing this while in europe or would it be accepted as just a typical australian ? 
  again , we tend to be much less open with strangers . 
  but if you are sitting at a bar with bunch of people acting casual with you , i see no reason to hold back . 
   i am currently thinking summer to go to europe since i 'll probably freeze to death in winter over there . 
  what months would be the best across the board ? 
  ( kids are back at school and the weather is still hot-ish ) i guess may-june would be best then ? 
  it really only gets hot during the july-august ( in central europe that is ) when kids have holiday ( i 'm not sure if it 's the same in other countries ) . 
  but may-june should be very comfortably warm . 
  it will obviously get much warmer ( even hot ) the souther you go . 
  lack of indication whe does accent/emphasis go . 
  words like * bureaucracy * or * photography * . 
  the emphasis is supposed to peak in the middle of the word , but there is no indication . 
  the pirate party ... does n't ever get enough votes to get any seats in the parliament . 
  nah , i only know it 's first sentence . 
  i know the rhythm though . 
  i think we never learned it in school . 
  i 'm not a big fan of it anyway . 
  hearing it does n't realy do anything for me . 
  it 's just a song . 
  because i carry my card in my wallet , which is in my bag . 
  my phone is always in my pocket and can be password/fingerprint/iris protected . 
  i could live without using cash , but it would be an inconvenience . 
  a lot of places accept cards , but some small cheap shops and stalls . 
  vending machines do n't support cards too . 
  but if you could live without those , you could do without cash i think . 
  that said , i never bother paying with card for smaller purchases and carry equvalent of $ 30 at all times . 
  once support for credit cards in phones becomes available here , i will probably use cash much less . 
  yeah , ok , linux exists . 
  students at it schools use it and very small percentage of them carries on using it after school . 
  happy ? 
  that 's quite common in most of europe . 
  macs are even rarer . 
  edit : to further clarify . 
  iphones are fairly common with people in managerial positions and students ( from my limited experience ) . 
  android is much more common with ordinary adult people . 
  surprisingly , windows phone used to have fairly large following of up to 15 % market share in some countries ( beating apple ) , though i do n't think that 's the case anymore . 
  macs on the other hand are really quite rare everywhere . 
  everyone uses windows and often even if you see a mac , it 's running windows . 
  i probably wo n't be of much help . 
  as i said , i skipped my english classes , because i already had cae certification ( c1 level ) . 
  and it 's not like i 've been to that many universities  going by the teacher list of my university , it seem czech university of life sciences has 2-3 native english speakers and one spanish teacher ( out of 3 spanish teacher total ) . 
  i would expect most universities to have at least one native speaker though . 
  problem is , to be a full-time teacher - to fully lead the lessons ( not just few conversational lessons ) - one has to speak good enough czech . 
  and obviously , not many do . 
  i do n't know the requirements , but my spanish teacher is probably c1 level with pretty bad pronunciation . 
  none of the native english speakers at my high school could speak czech ( barely b1 level ) . 
  native speakers as teachers are somewhat rare . 
  in grammar school we had 2-3 , but they only taught `` conversational '' lessons ( 1 per week ) and did n't really speak czech . 
  regular lessons ( 2 per week ) were lead by czech teachers . 
  i believe i had the american teacher , but there was a brit and irish one too ( neither of them had a strong accent ) . 
  at university level it 's a bit more common to have a native speaker , but i skipped my english lessons with cambridge certificate , so i dunno what are my uni 's options in this regard . 
  i kinda struggle with the mentality that since i know english , most other languages are completely useless to me . 
  but seriously , i think learning a language you wo n't use is a waste of time . 
  and if you have no interest in even visiting there , why bother ? 
  you would sooner or later forget it anyway . 
  german is still one of the major european languages and you could use it in several countries to an extend . 
  as far as i know , for working in germany it 's expected to know german . 
  imo german is just more useful . 
  personally , i chose a1 spanish , because the language is easy . 
  i will likely never use it after university , but i need to pass the class . 
  the path of least resistance . 
  it goes something like this . 
  you sign up for a driving lessons . 
  they usually have ( weekly ) classes on theory , but all they did was have us watch some documents so i stopped coming after the 2nd lesson . 
  meanwhile , you have to also drive for 21 hours ( 28 lessons \\* 45 minutes ) with an instructor . 
  no theory required so it 's done in parallel with the theoretical classes . 
  1st lesson i drove on ancient ( \u0160koda 120 ) simulator , 2nd was regular road . 
  you start outside of the city and slowly more into the city as you gain more experience . 
  most theoretical studying is done using mobile or web based trial exams . 
  all questions for the test i publicly know , so you do these tests for few days until you remember it well enough . 
  what this is done , you have to pass the test . 
  1st you have to pass theory , then you are allowed to take the practical and technical exam . 
  driving part is self-explanatory - you drive around the city for a 30-45 minutes with a examiner and the teacher . 
  technical is being able to answer few basic technical questions about servicing a car ( checking oil , wheels , `` what 's abs ? '' , ... ) . 
  you can fail both of these several times and repeat them after few weeks ( there is a limit though , but i do n't remember it ) . 
  it 's not easy i think , but it really depends how much of an asshole the examiner is . 
  it 's often said that they kick people out on purpose , because you have to pay for every failed attempt and they get a cut . 
  they actually arrested all examiners in my city and closed a driving school for it . 
  funnily enough , the process to get a firearm license is almost exactly the same , with one curious exception . 
  if you want to expand your driving license ( let 's say you want to add a license to drive trucks ) and you fail the test , they will take away your driving license until you pass . 
  if you want to expand your firearm license and fail , you get to keep your current license . 
  yes , i usually install everything in english .
