  especially the system . 
  it helps so much when trying to solve an issue , because i do n't need to guess what the correct translation of the error message is . 
  i fail to gasp how can brits put up with all the shit their government does . 
  especially the ever-present surveillance and internet censorship . 
  brexit , well , that 's another thing entirely . 
  i kinda get where they are coming from ( as much as i think it 's just wrong ) , but i also think it will hurt uk more then it will hurt the eu , hence i do n't care too much . 
  on the other hand they managed to revive red dwarf after 10 years and it still feels like the good ol' red dwarf ( we do n't speak of the 9th season ) . 
  that 's amazing . 
  but then they ruined top gear , so ... 
  no , never . 
  you take your dirty shoes off in the hallway and put on slippers ( and you usually offer spare slippers to guests ) . 
  it does n't really matter whether the house has carpets or not . 
  it 's dirty outside and no one wants that dirt in his living room . 
  from the top so that the steam acts as a handle . 
  i also bite the top before peeling it . 
  enough the separate the inner black tip from the rest of the banana , but not enough to separate it from the peel . 
  that way i do n't have to deal with the tiny black tip inside after peeling it . 
  use the language . 
  be it reading books , listening to podcasts or watching movies/series . 
  obviously , having someone ( even better if he 's native speaker ) to speak with it by far the best . 
  this is my problem with learning 3rd language . 
  i already know english pretty well . 
  what do i need another language for ? 
  english has all the entertainment i could ask for and i do n't need another language at my workplace . 
  i 've met people who were ( or still are ) studying english , but barely used it . 
  you will never * learn * the language unless you use it . 
  of course , at 1 levels you are n't going to read a book , but above b1 level there are plenty of things to do , yet many do n't bother and hence never really improve past that , especially when it comes to listening and speaking . 
  not a lot . 
  i think 2 on average would be generous , but maybe people near the borders tend to speak the bordering county 's language . 
  i could n't tell you . 
  passive knowledge of german and/or russian is fairly common with middle aged people . 
  but since most do n't need it to do their job , they are n't really able to speak it . 
  german is fairly common in the industry sector though so people tend to know it there a bit better . 
  it 's also the most popular 2rd foreign language in schools . 
  personally i always brute-forced trough 2nd language ( russian and spanish ) as i found them fairly useless ( compared to english ) , so i do n't speak any myself . 
  english is widespread with younger people ( since it 's mandatory subject ) and in the it sector obviously , but from my experience most people are completely hopeless . 
  passive knowledge is retained after school , but that 's about it with a lot of people . 
  even at good grammar school i attended half of the class was maybe b1 level at the end ( and would seriously struggle to hold a conversation ) . 
  currently i 'm playing word of tanks with a friend . 
  i 'm also slowly working my way trough the latest deus ex mankind divided ( while feeling insulted by how lazily square enix portrayed prague and czech language ) . 
  and i 'm also working my way trough the witcher 3 dlc since i got myself a steamlink ( and ds4 controller ) . 
  but i 'm itching for a strategy , so i will likely play some eu4 right after winter semester exams are over . 
  it serves exactly the same purpose as our permanent military force ( help during any environmental or other crisis and obviously to help defend the country ) , with the exception that it does n't take part in any foreign military affairs . 
  only requirements are good health , age ( 18 + ) , clean criminal record , finished high school and czech citizenship . 
  they then have to take part in yearly trainings ( up to 3 weeks ) and get yearly payment ( i think  $ 660 , but i 'm not 100 % sure ) . 
  their civilian employer is required to let them take part in the training and is compensated for the time they are not at work . 
  equipment depends on the platoon budget ( which i know nothing about ) , but it 's mostly the old vz .58 rifle ( which our permanent force switched from to modern cz 805 bren , but some reserve platoons get those too . 
  some even get to train with our [ pandurs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pandur_i ) . 
  i was curious to see how common something like this is around europe . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure , but i think 2 semesters of english are mandatory on every university . 
  and also 2 semesters of pe . 
  though we generally can decide what do we want to do and the selection of sports is pretty wide ( depends on school i guess ; we had like 30 ) . 
  after 9 years in elementary ( mandatory ) , you can go to : - trade school - 3 years ; with or without final exam ( maturita ) - high school - 4 years ; always with final exam ; usually has some kind of specialization - grammar school ( `` gymnasium '' ) - is actually just normal high school , but without specialization ; it 's supposed to prepare it 's students for university ; also ends with final exam ; generally considered little more prestigious , but depends on the school and now , after that , if you have a maturita exam , you can go to university . 
  how you get acdepted depends on the school , but usually you take an entrance exam . 
  - most universities offer programs for bachelor ( 3 years ) , master ( 2 years ) and doctorate levels ( 4 years ) . 
  - medical schools i think are 6 + years , but i 'm honestly not sure . 
  just like with many subjects , the topics we go trough in high school are the same as elementary school , just with more detail . 
  first we go trough earth in the solar system . 
  order of the planets , we should be able to remember the order at least . 
  we should get a general idea how stuff moves and how it affects out date/time system . 
  this is just 1-3 lessons though . 
  then earth . 
  starting with tectonic plates and how those work . 
  then moving onto important landmasses - most noteworthy oceans , seas , lakes , hills , world wonders , . . then we focus more on the political side of things - countries . 
  though asia and africa get the short end of the stick . 
  we mention a few important ones , but i probably could n't place half of the african countries even if i could name them ( i could n't ) . 
  this does n't include u.s. states . 
  while i could name a lot of them ( and place few of them ) , i learned that from watching american tv shows , not in school . 
  onto europe then where we go trough the important countries , learn their capital , main exports , geographical stuff and maybe a bit of culture . 
  and end with our own country in even more detail . 
  that 's 2 lessons/week for 3 years at grammar school . 
  most people who go to hs wo n't have that much of it . 
  yeah , i know , but it 's ... weird . 
  it 's hard for me to imagine how blind faith in the invisible man 's promises could help anyone . 
  anyone should be allowed to believe in any invisible man they wish as long as it does n't affect others . 
  though i do n't really see what is to good for in this day and age . 
   a free-trade deal with japan will be reached that 's the first time i 've heard of this , but now i need it ( i order a lot of model kits from japan ) . 
  little searching suggests they are still discussing the conditions without even expected year when it might come into effect , i think . 
  still , exciting !, 
  $ 15k/year is low-to-mid range it salary outside of prague , especially in the smaller cities . 
  but it in prague tend to get 2-3 times as much . 
  of course , the rent scales up as well . 
  it helps that there is severe lack of people in it so companies tend to fight over the applicants , rather than the other way around . 
  more likely it 's more common in countries with noticeable dip in income compared to western and northern europe . 
  similar question was asked before and few of us came to that conclusion . 
  personally , i live with my parent while i study ( 2nd year of uni ) as i can drive easily to uni , i can have a job ( but not have to work too much to pay for a flat ) and i will just move out once i finish my studies . 
  a lot of my friends do the same . 
  and even after i move i do n't plan to move very far . 
  probably just to the nearest city ( ~ 20km ; where i already work and will continue to ) . 
  well , obviously there are places where english would n't suffice . 
  but that 's not really my point . 
  if i 'm to spend the significant amount of time to learn a new language , it better be worth it . 
  i better have a use for it . 
  being able to converse with people while i 'm on a holiday somewhere does n't count as worth it in my book . 
  and i do n't mean to belittle someone 's achievement of learning a foreign language , that 's very impressive and commendable . 
  i just feel like this subreddit has way bigger `` boner '' on knowing multiple languages than i would expect . 
  i find these threads always fascinating . 
  everyone so enthusiastic about languages and everyone seemingly know 3 + languages at conversational level . 
  meanwhile , i speak english ( and my native language ) and have very little interest in learning another language . 
  i can read russian ( though i probably would n't understand most of it ) and i 'm technically a1 in spanish .
