  i do n't think it 's supposed to be sweet . 
  i mean , peanuts are n't . 
  - czech - native - english - c1 , 95 % of everything i listen to , watch or read is in english - russian and spanish - took mandatory classes in high school and uni , but i do n't remember anything - slovak - we understand each other despite differences in the languages ; i get lost when it 's spoken very fast ( as it usually is ) though, 
  do n't your parent have duty to financially take care of you until you finish school ( as long as you live with them ) ? 
  they do here ( up until like 26 y/o ) . 
  your m and n look really strange  our is simpler , like [ this ] ( https://img1.sevt.cz/files/_t_/images/12931005.2_800_800_wm_fit.jpg ) . 
  the looped cursive we learn looks something like [ this ] ( https://www.ajshop.cz/img/galery/default/1731.jpg ) , [ this ] ( https://www.ajshop.cz/img/galery/default/1730.jpg ) and [ this ] ( https://data.knizniklub.cz/preview/022/256/0222569/largea.jpg ) . 
  and yes , we write the dash in 7 as well . 
  we also write 1 like you do . 
  many people including myself were never taught to write lowercase letters for some reason , which sure became a bother later on . 
  some picked it up themselves and by high school , switched to mix of print and cursive . 
  i switched to notebook and later on i stopped taking notes all together . 
  my handwriting is pretty illegible by now . 
  every eligible citizen gets envelope with ballot papers for each party/candidate delivered . 
  you can also get them at the polling station . 
  you take those to the polling station , where you provide an id . 
  then you walk behind curtain where you prepare your envelope ( if you have n't beforehand ) . 
  in some cases , you can also check your preferred representatives on the ballot paper ( for the party of your choice ) . 
  then you throw the envelope into the ballot box . 
  the ballot papers usually look like [ this ] ( https://media.novinky.cz/446/354462-top_foto1-kv6oy.jpg?1358703001 ) and [ this ] ( https://img.ihned.cz/attachment.php/260/56561260/cytro7whnlqejndhlis3d1r5ovg9i6kj/volby.jpg ) is how the voting places often look like ( they are temporarily set in schools and other public places ), 
  i do n't think there are any serious talks about leaving here . 
  i 'm pretty sure neither of the major political parties has such plan either . 
  many are annoyed about the recent gun law changes or immigration quotas , but we are thinking about how to circumvent those laws , instead of flat out leaving . 
  ww1 in my opinion is n't viewed much at all . 
  i mean , it was 100 years ago . 
  it was a different time . 
  entering the war was n't our choice anyway , as we were part of the austia-hungarian empire at the time . 
  it 's portrayed as a horrific , but unavoidable conflict , that by extension caused ww2 . 
  and that broke the austia-hungarian empire , setting our country free free . 
  your stake in it was trade ( which german submarines basically stopped in the atlantic ) , retaliation for deaths of your sailors ( be it military or civilian ) and the fact germany was dealing with mexico , promising them us territory . 
  it was their national policy to not get involved , especially with european affairs . 
  it was ww1 that made them change their stance . 
  common theme also seems to be that it 's often not a teacher but some religious figure without background in education . 
  dunno , op replied to me saying they would pray in the beginning and at the end of the class . 
  sure , by itself it does n't . 
  but i felt like mentioning it as the line is quite thin . 
  as long as it 's voluntary ( including most importantly any included praying ) , there is nothing wrong with it . 
  i 'm quite surprised how common religious classes seem to be . 
  i ca n't even imagine what do they learn there ? 
  cz does n't have anything like that . 
  just like you , we only learn about them and only very briefly . 
  political and religious propaganda of any kind if prohibited in schools . 
  we do learn about few religions in * introduction to social sciences * ( i imagine it 's something like the * ethics * ) . 
  basically list of deities , where they come from , where is the religion common and such . 
  i do n't think we spend more then 2-3 45min lessons on it somewhere in the 3rd year of grammar school . 
  what do you do in religion classes ? 
  for how many years ? 
  nah , a lot of people people wear baseball caps . 
  as for logos , it really does n't matter unless you have like amarican flag on it or a bald eagle . 
  i do n't drink , but most of my schoolmates first started drinking alcohol ( without their parents supervision ) around 8th or 9th years of elementary school , so that 's roughly around 12-13 y/o . 
  however , i was told i had a sip when i was very young ( ~ 5y/o ) . 
  there is no such thing as clubs . 
  a lot of schools have their own choir , but it 's always organized by school . 
  and obviously sport teams , but again , organized by school . 
  they are n't clubs formed by students , they are extention of the school . 
  closest thing i 've seen to a school club was the schools newspaper , which basically noone ever read . 
  it was `` supported '' by the school , but it really was mostly students work . 
  at university level , i think the choir is much rarer , but newspaper and sport teams persist . 
  nothing akin to american `` clobs '' though . 
  there would n't likely be enough religious people in my whole grammar school ( ~ 600 pupils ) anyway . 
  it 's a holiday . 
  i laze around and enjoy my hobbies on my days off . 
  if there are demonstrations , i have n't heard of them and the idea itself sounds crazy to me . 
  to go demonstrate for nothing ? 
  please , i have better ways to waste time . 
  i 'm not a good sample . 
  i only got mine a month or two ago . 
  compared to l735 i had before it 's pretty bad though ( 735 could easily do 4 days of light use ) . 
  with my light use i can do 2 days at most . 
  i imagine it would be 1 days of anything else , if even that . 
  but it runs windows 10 mobile very well . 
  writing this on nokia lumia 930 . 
  can confirm . 
  though i 'm not convinced it nokia would survive either way . 
  at high school level almost unheard of ( you generally choose from schools in your nearest city ) , unless we are talking about the rich . 
  at uni , more common , but of course it hugely depends where you live . 
  some regions have smaller selection of universities , so you obviously have to move to dorms or something . 
  almost always within the borders of your country . 
  again , unless you are super rich or ambitious . 
  it 's usually free . 
  and pretty easy to sign up . 
  a lot of universities have english courses now . 
  also , erasmus is n't for moving to study to other countries . 
  it 's for time-limited study stays in other countries . 
  usually only up to length of 1 semester . 
   too easy to steal one and go shoot up a school . 
  how often do you think such things happen in european countries with more liberal gun laws ? 
   semi automatics with a folding stock is n't it `` semi automatics with a folding stock that are shorter than 60cm with the stock folded '' ? 
   semi automatics with a short overall lengh i was n't aware of this one . 
  can you specify ? 
  i mean , i can get behind some , like the magazine size restrictions . 
  i think there is no need to have 30 round rifle magazines for sport . 
  10 feels a little small tbh , but i suppose it 's unofficial standard . 
  but the restriction on formerly automatic guns is completely bonkers . 
  it restricts so many guns ... 
  i do n't give a fuck it 's possible to reactivate them . 
  how many of the terrorist attacks that happened were committed with reactivated rifles registered to eu citizens ? 
  none to my knowledge . 
  this law wo n't stop any terrorists . 
  it will only hinder the ability to own firearms for regular law-abiding citizens .
