  it was n't urget and i only had to wait couple days . 
  i needed chirurgically removed a tooth ( not urgent ) , i had to wait 2 weeks ( but was basically refused at 2 other clinics , because they only dealt with urget cases and did n't have the capacity to do non-urgent ) . 
  when i book regular appointment with my dentist , it 's usually a month in advance . 
  ophthalmologist ( eye doctor ) was also never a problem , appointemnt could be had within week or two . 
  i know that for example lung specialists ( sorry , i do n't know the proper term ) are much more scarse and non-urgent wait time was 3 months . 
  turker is is similar position to azerbaijan though . 
  it 's on the border of europe and asia . 
  well , not ever that , literally half of one city is in europe , the rest is in asia . 
  there is n't a discussion about that . 
  if we strictly allow only european countries , turkey might have even worse position geographically than azerbaijan . 
  and again , we are getting int * maybe one day * territory which is purely speculative . 
  as of right now nor near future ( ~ 20 years ) , i do n't think azerbaijan has any chance to join the eu . 
  personally , i 'm not opposed to azerbaijan joining , but at the same time , i think they would have to give compelling arguments for it . 
  eu does n't need more economically weak countries to dillute it 's resources . 
  eurpeans = = inhabitants of european continent but fair enough , he could have expanded on it . 
  this can be interpreted both as being racist , just as much as it can be interpreted like he does n't anyone from non-european country ( geographically ) to join . 
  then why are you accusing him of racism ? 
  why have you put up a poll , when you attack users who * disagree * with your point of view ? 
  anything can happen * one day * . 
  it sure ca n't join now ( for reasons you listed yourself ) . 
  not to mention it joining now would seriously piss off russia and turkey . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about a region so remote joining eu . 
  it seems like it would be one hell of a expensive hassle to protect . 
  i have no idea if the strategic position would be worth it . 
  possibly if one day all 3 caucasus countries join at once and/or if russia somehow reforms and joins the eu , the distance from closest neighbor would no longer be an issue . 
  maybe * one day * . 
  you yourself just said azerbaijan is on the edge of what is considered europe . 
  have you considered some simply consider it * beyond * said edge ? 
  up until high school i read books in czech . 
  mostly fantasy ( harry potter , lord of the rings , eragon , . . ) . 
  i did n't read much during high school as i kinda lost interest , but i did end up reading the whole foundation series by asimov . 
  right now i read pretty much only japanese light novels and manga in english ( sometimes official , sometimes fan translated ) . 
  to be honest , lot of lns are n't particularly great pieces of literature , but they are fun . 
  they also tend to be pretty short so it 's easy to jump from one fictional world to another based on current mood . 
  that 's not to say they are all bad , i would definitely recommend * spice & wolf * ( adventure , romance , medieval economics ) to anyone . 
  and i read manga . 
  i love how they manage to make even the most ridiculous of premises work . 
  it 's something i just do n't see much in western media . 
  however , i listen to lot of audiobooks of western books ( in english ) . 
  currently enjoying the expanse series . 
  i plan to get into some h. p. lovecraft afterwards . 
  now that you mention it , i guess it does . 
  what i meant to reference was the affair when these new state tests were rolled out and their difficulty was criticised . 
  requirements for future university students ( gramma school students ) and for example carpenters ( who can choose whether to also take maturita ) are simply too different to cover with one common test . 
  and so the lowest common denominator was targeted . 
  there was the thing with two difficulty levels of the state exam , but i think that was canceled ( i think i missed it by a year ) . 
  yes . 
  it 's called * maturita * . 
  it 's certainly not followed by the press or public though . 
  i mean , some outles probably write about it , but it 's not a big thing . 
  only when changes are made to the whole process is when the media get interested . 
  for example there were big discussions about whether * math * should be mandatory . 
  as for the exam itself ( note : i 'm not 100 % how it 's now , but it should be more or less the same ; there may also be slight differences between schools ; my example is from a grammar school ) . 
  you have to pass 4 subjects in total . 
  2 state exams and 2 school exams ( you can add more school exams if your are crazy ) . 
  state exams are fairly easy as they are the same for everyone across the country ( ranging from trade schools to grammar schools ) . 
  difficulty of school exams depends on the school to certain extend , but there is always supervising teacher from another school to make sure it 's reasonably difficult . 
  * czech * is mandatory . 
  it consists of state part and school part . 
  state part is written ( abcd and an essay ; 1-2 hours ) , school part is oral . 
  in advance , we are given a list of books to read ( school puts it together ) , out of which you choose 20 . 
  at the exam , you have to talk about 2 ( maybe only 1 ? 
  not sure ) of them ( which is decided by a random draw minutes before the exam ) for ~ 10 minutes and answer few questions . 
  then you have to choose between * math * and * foreign language * . 
  both state exams , written , fairly easy ( well , for grammar school student ) , both should be about 1 hour long . 
  and lastly , you get to choose 2 more school exams from the subjects you 've studied . 
  these consist of oral exam and are generally more difficult . 
  you can also choose * math * or * foreign language * , if you have n't taken it 's mandatory state version . 
  these are usually 10-20 minutes long . 
  * maturita * is required if you want to go to university . 
  sometimes , you can get accepted based on average marks ( does n't matter what subjects they are from though ) . 
  after that it does n't have much weight . 
  that 's pretty good way to put it . 
  i think it 's similar where i live . 
  only * kind-of * problem there is , is that they * occupy * lot of public places . 
  our park and bus stop are often filled with them , * scaring * anyone else away . 
  you would usually talk about the salary with your employer , 
  i forgot about that . 
  that was pure gold xd, 
  currently studying it ( + management and statistics ) . 
  it 's fucking waste of time , but it increases chance of getting a job ( which i already have and plan to keep even after graduating ) and possibly increases my potential salary , so i guess i just got ta suffer trough it . 
  fuck you math . 
  pretty much . 
  burgers that cost $ 8 usually have a chunk of meat in them about the same size of the whole $ 2 mcd burger . 
  we only had a fire drill . 
  once a year the alarm would go off , intercom said it 's just a drill and we would march out of the building . 
  there we would be told our time and how slow we were and would promptly return to our classrooms . 
   first sign of difficulty ? 
  nah , only at first sight of possible death . 
   what would your ancestors say who passed so many generations fighting for your country ?!, 
  their opinion is obvious , but would n't make much sense in the context of the 21st century . 
  we are not them . 
   for starters , the drinking culture . 
  you 've been just in the uk ? 
  you ai n't seen nothing yet . 
  dunno how well our southern and western europeans fare , but we are still way better then the nordics . 
  they do n't know what casual drink it . 
  it 's either sober or shit faced . 
  ( no offence meant , this is presumably just a generalization as it was described to me on several occasions by swedes ) if something , i hate how ** everyone ** is expected to drink and viewed as a complete weirdo when he refuses . 
  though i imagine that 's pretty much the same everywhere .
