  and no , i do n't own a gun for self defence . 
  i just like shooting paper . 
  guns are fascinating machines and it 's simply fun to shoot them . 
  it 's just another example of what 's wrong with european union . 
  pushing their non-sense agenda on everyone else . 
  i 'm generally pro-eu , but this decision i 'm really not a fan of . 
  i think it 's pretty . 
  something like [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jo8fsat.jpg ) to be specific , just with less neon and cheap rims :p, 
  i would love to have * [ itasha ] ( / r/itasha ) * on my car . 
  but i do n't have a car to put itasha on ( i have a car now , but i will fairly soon be getting rid of as i will live close enough to my work to walk/bike ) . 
  russians ( possibly including ukrainians and such , but i ca n't tell the languages apart ) - horrible . 
  never bother trying to communicate in english or at all , apart from swearing in russian or only communicating with their country man . 
  scandinavians and brits - usually communicative ( in english ) and friendly . 
  germans and french - usually able to communicate in english , but reluctant to . 
  not horrible team mates though . 
  czech and polish - usually pretty awful . 
  especially the poles tend to be pretty toxic , but czech are close behind . 
  all these are mostly based on csgo and world of tanks . 
   it 's by no stretch of the word legal yes , but at the same time , unless you upload hundreds of gigabytes of data , nobody really cares . 
  people in cz torrent without vpns all the time . 
  not sure how strongly enforced it is in germany . 
  considering we do n't really know the extend of the separation , it 's really hard to tell . 
  there are talk about staying in the common market and such . 
  i just hope it will make the eu realize it 's far from perfect and reform . 
  i do n't actively follow our environmental policies . 
  i think we are n't phasing out coal fast enough . 
  or at all actually , since it went up in use from 2013-2015 ( ca n't find data for 2016 ) . 
  in 2015 it was 49 % !, 
  ridiculous . 
  problem is that some of our regions have a lot of workforce in mining , so it 's undesirable to push it out in that regard . 
  little over 30 % was nuclear and 12 % was renewable . 
  seems like there is a lot of space for improvement . 
  i would be for building another nuclear power plant ( along with pushing for more renewables ) , but since it 's expensive af , nobody really wants to do it . 
  i do n't think i even met one . 
  a lot of people are fairly indifferent to the issue . 
  it 's going to bite us in the back . 
  i just wonder how fast and whether i will live to see it . 
  but i do n't think it 's really possible to do much about it at this point . 
  i recycle . 
  i do n't drive diesel car . 
  soon , i likely wo n't have drive a car at all once i move . 
  mine looks almost exactly the same . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure what do the funding sliders represent in some cases though , so i did n't mess with them much either . 
  their effect seemed to be pretty small anyway . 
  the gun control question is little strange too , there should have been a multiple-choice on the requirements . 
  sure , when it 's explicitly stated . 
  ( though i doubt he would be able to read that ), 
  and that he ca n't [ turn right on red ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turn_on_red ) . 
  absurd anime never fails to make me laugh . 
  [ gabriel dropout ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luatbgw61be ) - my recent favourite . 
  [ konosuba ] ( https://youtu.be/krp52ht1pas?t=1m14s ) [ youjo senki ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5brkb_zjgxy ) [ love lab ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lredcrt77ww ), 
  most probably do n't . 
  it 's freaking expensive . 
  though egypt/tunisia used to be very popular summer holiday destinations for middle class too ( i 'm not sure how well they are doing these days ) . 
  keep in mind most responses you will get here will be from upper middle class . 
  i personally have n't , yet . 
  i would love to , but as i said , it 's very expensive . 
  especially if you plan on doing anything , but lying on a beach somewhere . 
   america is the size of europe , so the fact that most americans live their entire life without leaving the country is just the same as the fact that most europeans never leave europe this usually comes up in discussion about how homogenous europe is and how diverse the us is . 
  not trying to start a fight or anything , but the point of the above statement is to show that americans do n't travel much outside of the us and hence have no idea how homogenous the us actually is . 
  i generally say `` meem '' or jokingly `` meymey '' . 
  not that i use either very often . 
  it 's similar to sponge . 
  you would wash yourself with it . 
  basement . 
  it would be in the way everywhere else and it can be as noisy as it wants down there . 
  it 's down there along with a freezer and a drying machine . 
  fair enough , though i have no idea how does it work ( as in how is it done is css ) . 
  pretty sure they could n't . 
  as far as my knowledge of flair system goes , it 's just not possible . 
  lithuania was never mentioned in the history lessons . 
  it was however mentioned in geography . 
  not much beyond it 's capital and that it 's a baltic state . 
  programmer in a tiny company ( ~ 5 people ) . 
  i come at around 8:00 and leave at little past 16:00 . 
  ~ 30 minutes depending on early i came in . 
  or i just tell the boss you need to go early and will catch up on it some other day . 
  business clothing ? 
  what 's that  i guess we are supposed to come clothed . 
  the first presidential election was little similar the the last us one . 
  both candidates were pretty shit , though unlike in the us , mostly harmless . 
  zeman had a lot of support with the older people and with lower classes . 
  he 's way too blunt for a representative of a state . 
  he makes the * the castle * ( prague castle , where the president resides ) seem like a pub . 
  he appeared drunk ( or senile ) at several occasions in public . 
  i acknowledge his political skills , but i just find him unfit for presidential role due to his age . 
   update : funny and odd stories are welcome . 
  [ in 2013 , during presentation of the crown jewels ( or something like that ) he appeared seemingly severely drunk . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/2cqe0fzegfi ) he ( almost ) fell several times . 
  he lost a shoe few weeks back , because he tripped . 
  as i said , he seems terribly old for this . 
   you should specify eu located . 
  i suppose so , but since i 'm asking europeans and most of europe is in the eu , i suppose it 's close enough . 
   came here to say amazon.com but this does n't do 22eur vat limit . 
  ( it is not a customs limit . 
  customs limit is still 150eur for post ) maybe i 'm not using the correct words , or maybe different institutions control the import here . 
  anything over $ 22 has vat added . 
  anything over $ 150 has import duty added ( and the rate differs based on the kind of goods it is ) . 
  yes , at least it 's $ 22 here . 
  i 'm sure as i import stuff from japan all the time and deal with the customs .
