  but i still think it 's just unnecessary . 
  and we do n't even have that many long enough ranges where it would be `` worth it '' . 
  i think there are few 300m long ones in the whole country . 
  only the police and military have longer ones . 
  i like shooting paper at the range . 
  i find pumping a shotgun especially * therapeutic * as you said . 
  i only own walther ppq in 9mm and i 'm looking to replace it with some .22 . 
  though , i have to say , not having buddies to shoot paper with makes it way less fun over time , though it 's still nice . 
  as for self defence , i did n't get myself a carry license ( i would have to apply for harder test and i was n't old enough back then anyway ) . 
  i considered getting it later on , but honestly , it 's more trouble than it 's worth . 
  it 's just safe everywhere here . 
  i however think there are limits to what civilizans should be able to own . 
  here , we forbid full-auto and some equipment ( silencers , night vision ) and ammo ( hollow point , cal .50 , anything explosive , . . ) . 
  and i think that 's fine . 
  civilians do n't need military equipment to enjoy themselves at the range . 
  pretty much . 
  i personally know very little about current austria and i think people just generally do n't care about it much ( unless they live closer to the border i imagine ) . 
  the most notable is their hate for our nuclear power plant temel\u00edn , so that kinda sticks out . 
  i have n't heard about any recent protests lately . 
  maybe they calmed down . 
  i have never tasted cheese souffle , but just from the receipts i can tell it has very little in common with fried cheese . 
  this seems to be a mix of cheese , flour , eggs and milk and then baked , while fried cheese is literally just cheese covered in egg yolks , flour and bread crumbs , fried . 
  i 've never seen cheese suffle served here . 
  i would say * doctor who * was americanized a lot . 
  it 's like a different show now ( even compared to the early episodes of the reboot ) . 
  [ fried cheese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sma\u017een\u00fd_s\u00fdr ) , also called * sma\u017e\u00e1k * ( slang term ) . 
  we even had [ mcsma\u017e\u00e1k ] ( http://www.klubinvestoru.com/data_images/images/obr\u00e1zky%20ke%20\u010dl\u00e1nk\u016fm/mcsma\u017e\u00e1k.png ) for a while . 
  most common cheese used are * [ edam ] ( http://www.receptyonline.cz/data/recepty/orig/2015/09/154148smazak-hranolky-tatarka.jpg ) * and * [ hermel\u00edn ] ( http://www.albert.cz/imgm/yte2otu4lxdpzgvbcmvhfge5mdmznhxhndgwnhxhnze2mjmjsfmh/14-10-16.jpg ) * ( local version of camembert ) and less commonly * niva * ( local version of [ roquefort ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roquefort ) ) . 
  you would generally see it served with fries , but potatoes ( meshed or not ) are pretty common too . 
  it 's not like anyone is actually patrolling pripyat during the day . 
  so getting caught is unlikely . 
  supposedly only going to the roof is bit on the edge as 1 . it 's very dangerous ( no railing , old as fuck building etc ) and 2 . it 's visible from one of the checkpoints during certain seasons . 
  the thing is some of the buildings are already falling apart , so it 's just not particularly safe . 
  actually , part of the tour is a short visit of some of the old folk who live there . 
  we spend only like 30 minutes there , got to taste their home made alcohol and gave them a little money ( the the agency does it a charity for them ) . 
  i think we did n't saw any animals , but it should be fairly common to see the przewalski 's horses . 
  you spend the night in chernobyl city , within the exclusion zone . 
  there is a hotel , 
  i think it would be easiest to just link the agency i went with - [chernobylwel.com ] ( http://chernobylwel.com ) . 
  their tour can start in bratislava ( sk , the agency is from there ) or in kiev . 
  for me it was cheaper to go with them from bratislava than to pay for plane ticket to kiev . 
  it was 2 day trip and i would say it 's borderline waste of money to go only for 1 day . 
  there is just too much to see . 
  food , accommodation and transport included . 
  it 's impossible to say what sights you will see . 
  it depends on current weather , state of the sights ( it for example illegal to enter buildings , but most guides do it anyway ) and mood of the ukrainian guide ( you have ukrainian guide and your tour guide usually ) . 
  ca n't comment much on the language skill . 
  she spoke slovakian and i czech so we understood each other fine , most people in the group were czech or slovakian anyway . 
  but i think she spoke with the few foreigners very well in english . 
  honestly , it was amazing and i was 120 % satisfied with the tour . 
  i have nothing to complain about . 
  ** edit : ** i have a bit more time to summarize where we went . 
  as for what i personally saw ( and our slovakian guide said we were very lucky to see that much ) - some village near chernobyl and few buildings there , cooling towers ( we went into/under one , it was awesome ) , the chernobyl monument in front of the power plant obviously , the pripyat sign and walked around chernobyl city . 
  then in pripyat - bus station , roof ( fucking awesome ) , fire station , car service station , music school , police station , several schools , sport center and the freaking jupiter factory ( supposedly pretty rare to see it ) - all of that are interiors !, 
  we also went by the wheel , the sport stadium , cafe , small scrapyard and probably some more . 
  we did n't go to the chernobyl-2 as it 's quite far away and it 's frankly better to spend the time in pripyat . 
  i would like to see the hospital and cinema , but we sadly did n't have time ( and the hospital is still pretty radioactive which scared our austrian tourist ... ) . 
   are special requirements necessary to access the chernobyl exclusion zone ? 
  i 've been there few years back and if i remember correctly , you ca n't just walk into a tour office and order a tour for the next day . 
  they have to get you a permit to enter which takes some time . 
  check with some agency first as to what you need in advance . 
  you may already know this , but you can not enter the exclusion zone without a guide ( at least not legally , as a tourist ) . 
   will any objects i take to chernobyl ( ie cameras ) be permanantly contaminated and quarantined upon exit , particularly at bus terminals and/or airports ? 
  unless you take a stroll trough the red forrest ( you wo n't ) and roll around in the dirt , nothing will be permanantly contaminated . 
  you pass several radiation checks when entering and exiting the exclusion zone and pripyat . 
  the places you go to are generally pretty clean , safe for hotspots ( but unless you decided to make a camp on one ( you wo n't ) , they are of no harm either ) . 
  the whole place is generally pretty clean of radiation . 
  noone from our tour ( ~ 20 people ) had any problems with passing any of the checks . 
  obviously , you wo n't be able to take anything you find there with you . 
  as for your other question , i dunno , i went there before the war started . 
  but i can try answering any other questions you might have about visiting chernobyl . 
  i think the problem is that this is such uncommon , basically non-existent problem here , that it 's just going to be judged on case by case basis ( remember , we do n't have precedent base law ) . 
  whether the intruder was prepared/equipped to hurt someone , what was his agenda , what actually happened , and so on . 
  we do n't have any such law here ( cz ) . 
  we can obviously defend ourselves , but with appropriate force . 
  it 's not appropriate use of force to shoot someone who is threatening you with a wooden stick . 
  the thing is , killing a burglar is always an overkill . 
  they are there to steal your shit , not to kill you ( well , at least in eu ) . 
  are you really going to kill someone over a tv ? 
  same applies when you are robbed on the street basically . 
  if someone grabs your purse/bag , it 's not ok to shoot him in the back as he 's running away with it . 
  chance someone went into your house to intentionally kill you are minuscule . 
  and in case they were there to kill you , you have every right to defend yourself ( though again , with at least somewhat appropriate force to the situation ) . 
  the argument is , of course , that since you felt to be in mortal danger , you used whatever means necessary to save yourself . 
  and i think that 's always understandable , but the line has to be drawn somewhere . 
  also , i know , from time to time , someone shoots/kills someone in self defence and then gets sued over use of inappropriate force , but i dunno how often they then actually go to jail . 
  i think it just gets blown up by media , but the defender/shooter is usually let go off . 
  it may not be a perfect law , but the number of such incidents is so small , it 's enough . 
  it just does n't even make much sense to me . 
  people kiss their colleagues , but not friends ? 
  and i know who you meant and still , but still , we never kiss . 
  very occasionally we kiss within the family . 
  just one kiss on the cheek . 
  particularly with family member we do n't see very often . 
  if it 's acquaintance i do n't see every week and we are meeting for some reason , we shake hands . 
  otherwise we just greet each other . 
  if it 's acquaintances/colleague i meet every day , we just greet . 
   women ( or 1 man 1 woman ) who do n't know each other that well kiss on cheek twice . 
  this is common eg . 
  in workplaces .
