  well , one of the problems is that it adds a lot of hassle for theatres , collectors , historical re-enactments and such . 
  private citizens , hobbyists , that do n't even own a live firearm . 
  and for what gain ? 
  you ca n't * just * reactivate a weapon in your shed anyway , you need new bolt ( that 's the first part that 's gets damaged when deactivating ) for that , which is likely illegally imported from outside of the eu . 
  that should be for the police to deal with , not bureaucracy . 
  i personally do n't disagree with most of the changes ( not all ) . 
  it 's not as if anything on the list actually concerns me in any way , but i find most of the changes unnecessary . 
  especially the registration of deactivated firearms is just ridiculous . 
  this would include so many harmless guns and waste time of so many people . 
  why not just enforce proper deactivation procedures ? 
  imo it 's mostly just a populist law . 
  especially considering the first version of the law planned to completely ban semi-automatic firearms and impose restriction on paintball guns ( like , seriously ? ) . 
  the study linked in the document tries to explain their reasoning , but it seems to boil down to what-ifs and `` several '' accident . 
  yes , there are always some accident , but i really do n't see a reason to do this whole thing , because of `` several '' accidents . 
  as for czech republic , i feel like number might help understand . 
  as of 2017 , we have 300k licensed firearms owners and 800k + licensed firearms for little under 10.5 mil citizens . 
  shooting is pretty popular here and we really only had one mass shooting in our entire history ( in 2015 some old guy went on a spree killing 9 people when his mental state and hence ability to own weapons was questioned ) . 
  we ( or rather our shooters ) view the stricter gun laws as unnecessary an undeserved . 
  i feel like the backlash is little too much , but i understand the sentiment . 
  edit : actually , the ban on < 60cm long long rifles is annoying . 
  it basically bans all smgs . 
  time to save up for that mp-5 . 
  i meant [ this ] ( http://cdnimg.webstaurantstore.com/images/products/extra_large/166701/314092.jpg ) , so i guess yes . 
  in larger stores ( such as tesco or kaufland ) this would n't really be that surprising sight . 
  however you likely would n't find peanut butter here . 
  like , it 's not a thing people eat here . 
  most stores do n't offer any at all . 
  i 'm not sure how popular store-bought jam is . 
  we usually just make our own , but i dunno what city people buy . 
  and you would find most honey in glass bottles instead of those plastic ones with * applicator * ( i have no idea how to call the openable top ) . 
  we have a quite large minorities of gypsies , but also ukrainians and vietnamese . 
  gypsies are not popular . 
  honestly , hated it probably pretty accurate . 
  they did n't integrate and they leech on the welfare system . 
  problem is , they have so bad reputation , noone really wants to employ them anyway . 
  kinda a cursed circle . 
  there are so so few of the * integrated * ones it 's honestly kinda amazing . 
  almost everyone has at the very least some bad second hand experience with them so it 's prety hard to not dislike them . 
  noone really complaints about ukrainians . 
  they are seen as willing to do the blue collar jobs noone else wants to do . 
  they seem to integrate pretty well . 
  vietnamese are a mixed bag , but second generation are usually accepted perfectly well . 
  they are little disliked for `` taking away jobs '' , as they open small shops with either food or clothes everywhere . 
  but again , i think this is mostly the first generation immigrants . 
  first generation speaks some czech and second usually perfect czech . 
  and they seem pretty smart in school too . 
  favoured water . 
  like , with added syrup . 
  occasionally coke/pepsi when i have one . 
  yes , though the taste can vary greatly between cities . 
  where i live there is a lot of iron in it so it does n't taste all that amazing . 
  it 's perfectly drinkable though and common to drink it . 
  tesco , kaufland , albert and globus . 
  there have the really large stores , though not everywhere . 
  tesco is pretty consistently huge though . 
  and probably makro , but they require you to have a `` business license '' ( does n't matter what business ) and register . 
  it 's basically wholesale store . 
  record seems to be from 2012 when it was 39.8 \u00b0 c. 
  close enough  but no , we do n't get  40 \u00b0 c weather normally . 
  the highs are usually around 35 \u00b0 c and even that 's somewhat extreme . 
  2015 summer was absolutely dreadful with several weeks of ~ 35-38 \u00b0 c weather . 
  with no ac . 
  uk , sort out your fucking surveillance laws and do n't brexit so that i can move over and enjoy your cool rainy weather !, 
  i imagine the time is takes to write the fine would be much larger punishment . 
  country flag is only displayed on national holidays . 
  we only have one flag stand anyway so no eu flag either way at my school . 
  i will concede the first two points as i do n't have time not interest in looking up sources . 
   which drives productivity , and increases the need for education . 
  but that 's just naive . 
  how much do you come in contact with people doing these low-end jobs ? 
  even reading / r/talesfromtechsupport would suffice . 
  there are some bright people who just did n't get a proper chance , but also a lot of really stupid and incompetent people . 
  you are basically saying everyone should be able to pass university ( eventually ) , given proper education and upbringing . 
  while automation has created new jobs in the past and will create jobs in the future , we are automating more jobs than we create and the jobs we create need more skill and knowledge than ever before . 
  the most basic example is that a production belt worker is replaced by a machine . 
  but the machine needs to be maintained so a mechanic is needed . 
  you can be near braindead to work at a belt , but you ca n't be complete idiot to fix a robot . 
  hence increase in skill-level of the job . 
  we are experiencing rising demand for programmers ( they are pretty crucial to automation and wo n't be replaces just yet ) , but simple fact is that not everyone can be programmer as some people simply do n't have the brain for it . 
  it 's not strictly true that there is n't any european culture . 
  there is number of things and values we have in common , but overall , each country really is quite different . 
  for example , americans find europeans kinda unfriendly and distant . 
  we simply tend to mind our business and do n't socialize for sake of socializing with strangers ( e.g. 
  talking on public transport with strangers ) . 
  this goes for most of europe ( possibly less so in the south ) , so you could call it part of european culture . 
  and of course , our political spectrum is noticeably shifted from the us one , which goes for pretty much the entire eu . 
  but there are n't many of these things . 
  no problem   looks like i 'll do may 1 to june 30 or something  i think little earlier would n't be problem either . 
  it 's not like it will be cold . 
  spring should be comfortably warm for the most part . 
  i think autumn might start getting little colder and the weather tends to be somewhat worse . 
   but i 'll be sure to go to a lot of bars so i can meet people !, 
  ca n't comment on that . 
  not my kind of past time , but good luck with your trip  i would be little sceptical how many people will be able ( and willing ) to hold a proper conversation in english though ( that really depends on the country ) . 
   should i spend a few days in every country to experience all cultures , or should i pick a handful of countries to spend a week at ? 
  can i experience the different cultures in a handful of days ? 
  pick few . 
  i imagine you would need more days for larger countries and fewer days for smaller countries , but you wo n't experience much if you try to * speedrun * trough all . 
   how friendly are europeans towards strangers as an average ? 
  does this differ much between countries ?
