  in the shooting part , it 's similar . 
  however , at the end of the day , nobody will help you aim . 
  some examiners will want you to shoot everything even though it 's not necessary ( depends on what categories you chose ) , some will just want the necessary ones . 
  it also depends on the range . 
  the first range i had the test at set up a table on which you could basically lie down with the rifle ( .22 ) and not miss . 
  at the other range we had a column ( thankfully , he did n't want me to shoot the rifle there ) . 
  both fit the criteria of `` shooting with support '' , but it their own way . 
  and it 's not free . 
  you pay for the sign up , the doctors note ( without the psychology exam , which supposedly comes at around $ 100 ) , the test , the examiner , the shooting range , where the exam takes place and then for each category you chose for the license . 
  if you did everything on the first try , only went with one category ( i only have b - sport ) and did n't pay for any training , it 's around $ 150-170 ( keep in mind that average wage is 3 times lover than in the usa ) . 
  each category costs ~ $ 20 . 
  in czech rep. english has been mandatory starting 3rd year of elementary i think . 
  second foreign language is added later and can be chosen ( russian , german , french and sometimes spanish are the most common ) . 
  however , that 's fairly recent thing . 
  afaik , we started teaching english only after velvet revolution ( 1989 ) so most middle aged people still do n't speak it . 
  and even now , majority of the teachers are just awful , for whatever reason . 
  even today , i 'm astounded by the amount of people who do n't know even basic `` tourist '' english . 
  even at fairly well regarded grammar school , over half of the class was officially barely at b1 level . 
  however , in practise , they often could n't put together even a simple sentences . 
  tough shit . 
  that 's simply how it is . 
  but high schools already train you a in some field ( usually the stuff you do n't need university for - cooking , some basic tech stuff , services , . . ) . 
  you are not expected necessarily continue studying after high school ( though many do ; also depends on the school ) . 
  that 's what grammar schools are for and even those give you some chance to specialize . 
  not that it matters , nobody will care what you specialized in in grammar school . 
  so it ends up being a chance to try out what the field that interests you is like , before choosing university . 
  also , in czech republic , you get 4 years of bachelors studies paid for by the state , so in theory you could just switch the school after the first year . 
   czech republic you have to acquire a license . 
  it 's fairly similar to driving license - theoretical ( law ) and practical ( shooting and disassembly ) exams . 
  and to be eligible to get it in a fist place , you have to have no past criminal record and be healthy enough ( not blind , not mental - your doctor decides whether you need to be tested on that ) . 
  you also state the reason why you are getting it . 
  self-defense is acceptable ( mentioning it because it 's not acceptable in some other countries ) . 
  vermin control is n't , because it 's strictly forbidden to shoot outside of firing range ( mortal danger is the only exception ) . 
  then you need to acquire a permit for each gun you want to buy and provide a reason . 
  automatic guns are prohibited as are some types of ammo ( hollow point , incendiary , cal .50 , ... ) and silencers . 
  you can acquire automatic guns via special permit , but you better have a very good reason ( like running a business that provides `` shooting experiences '' ) . 
  each gun 's id is the registered to your name . 
  also , you have to get the strictest categories of the license to be able to carry it around loaded ( as in the theoretical test requires more points and the shooting test is slightly harder ) . 
  i think this is fine . 
  i just like shooting guns and the law allows me as much fairly easily . 
   where the men must serve in the military , and then are allowed to keep their gun ? 
  ask away if you have more questions . 
  you are thinking of switzerland . 
  edit : forgot to mention that only concealed carry is allowed ( under the circumstances stated above . 
  you ca n't carry guns around ( not even airsoft guns , though that 's not always enforced ; of course , you do n't need a license for airsoft guns ) visible . 
   my understanding is home ownership is low in europe where did you hear that ? 
  i mean , i 've never seen anyone renting a house and while many people rent apartments , i do n't think that 's any different from the us . 
  anyway , people do a lot of gardening and cycling . 
  and , well , other hobbies ... 
  i ca n't say for certain , but this is what i found on wiki . 
   following changes introduced on 1 july 2003 , non-eu businesses providing digital electronic commerce and entertainment products and services to eu countries are also required to register with the tax authorities in the relevant eu member state , and to collect vat on their sales at the appropriate rate , according to the location of the purchaser . 
  [ 24 ] alternatively , under a special scheme , non-eu and non-digital-goods [ 25 ] businesses may register and account for vat on only one eu member state . 
  [ 24 ] this produces distortions as the rate of vat is that of the member state of registration , not where the customer is located , and an alternative approach is therefore under negotiation , whereby vat is charged at the rate of the member state where the purchaser is located . 
  - [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_value_added_tax#importation_of_goods ) so , valve is registered in another eu country and you are therefore paying vat of that country . 
  it 's definitely not a big topic here . 
  i 've personally never seen anyone talk about it . 
  and i do n't think i 've ever seen a unisex facilities here either . 
  as such , i have absolutely no clue what the public opinion is , but i would expect it to be that you use the facilities based on the sex you were born with , or whichever is currently between your legs ( i 'm not suggesting this should be enforced , i would just kinda expect people to act this way ) . 
  ca n't say i would disagree with that stance myself , even though i think the issue is a bit more complicated . 
  either way , someone would be unhappy . 
  we get to use in many cases decade old books ( that will likely be used for another decade ) . 
  or we have to buy our own books . 
  guess whether we get ipads . 
   what your typical meals would be . 
  home made food . 
  generally some sort of european cuisine . 
  most commonly czech ( because i 'm czech ) and italian ( because most of like it a lot ) . 
   school schedule ? 
  employment schedule ? 
  bachelors student , but i go to * easy * uni , so 2-3 times a week currently . 
  i work part time at one it company once a week . 
   typical entertainment ? 
  i go to the local cinema fairly often , however , they do very few screenings with english subs , so that 's a limiting factor ( i dislike czech dubs , they 've been awful for many years now ) . 
  but i 'm not very outgoing person . 
  most of the time , i play videogames , watch anime and build plastic models . 
   do you drive a car , a bicycle , or just public transportation ? 
  mix of car , carpooling with classmates and public transport . 
   do you feel relatively safe travelling around in your city ? 
  the village i live in has a lot of gypsies which i a little uncomfortable in places even during the day , however , i do n't actually recall any incidents . 
  in the city i feel completely safe during the day and i do n't really move around the city during the night so i dunno . 
  probably pretty safe . 
  never heard of it . 
  from the website ( and it 's prices ) it looks like they make/sell luxury whiteware and as such i doubt it 's commonly known . 
  as a czech i would agree with the first video . 
  if you are in for the history , this is pretty good recommendation list . 
  i 'm not sure i ever was at the train station he 's talking about , but i seriously doubt it 's as bad as he 's making it out to be ( or maybe i just walk around the pretty parts of prague ) . 
  ( supposedly ) the only people you should be wary of in these tourist areas are pickpockets . 
  we learned about them in quite a lot of detail grammar school ( high school ) . 
  i think we talked about majority of those you mentioned . 
  that said , 18 . / 19 . 
  century american literature is n't exactly within my interests , so i ca n't really answer your other question , nor have i actually read any books from those authors . 
  if you asked me if i remember any , without mentioning them before , i may remember poe and maybe twain , but i would n't be able to list any of their works . 
  you are mixing up nato and eu . 
  eu is n't a military alliance , it does n't have that kind of power . 
  nato is . 
  not all eu members are members of nato . 
  undoubtedly , there would be some kind of vote for prosecution against the aggressor ( presumably embargos and such ) , but eu ca n't order a military retaliation . 
  i guess the propaganda worked . 
  not that i ever cared for the convoy , but i was under impression it was n't well received . 
  home use is pretty much non-existent .
