  why use it ? 
  temperatures during the summer are annoying , sure , but a big fan suffices . 
  it 's too expensive to be worth it . 
  even in offices it 's not very common . 
  the place where i work has one in the server room , 
  anyone can run for president in many european countries as well . 
  in czech rep. you would need 50k petition , but you could . 
  nope . 
  i even set up couple filters for all the us election stuff on the front page . 
  my knowledge goes about this far : - hillary is winning so far - sanders not so much - trump i 'm not even sure , he seems more like a meme than a presidential candidate at this point . 
  hopefully loosing . 
  - the elections are badly organized but i 'm pretty lost in the vocabulary . 
  like what are * primaries * , or even what do the political parties actually stand for . 
  and i do n't particularly care . 
  because some people could be * butthurt * that some people do n't need to learn the new language . 
  esperanto is artificial . 
  i think many of us asked themselves this question . 
  i certainly have and i 'm yet to arrive at a concrete answer . 
  the top of the list would be probably sweden or denmark . 
  i 've visited both as a tourist and it felt a little like utopia ( which at closer look surely would n't be so amazing , but the short visit was really nice ) . 
  i particularly liked that the language barrier is n't really there since everyone speaks english ( of course , i would have to learn the local language eventually , which is a pain ) . 
  but i 'm not sure how i feel about the extreme political correctness that seems to be particularly strong in these countries . 
  than there is britain . 
  i speak english fluently ( though i would have to get used to the accents ) . 
  i love the weather . 
  but i strongly disagree with their privacy policy and general handling of the internet . 
  also , camera everywhere , it just feels wrong . 
  and no guns , i like shooting paper and uk does n't offer enough for me to give that up . 
  overall , while i have plenty of problems with my native country , i 'm fairly happy here . 
  not many if i only count those where i actually spent some time , not just passed trough . 
  - france - sweeden - denmark - ukraine - bulgaria - croatia currently , i have plans to visit sweden again , and i would love to visit italy some time soon . 
  i 've never heard of a * gap year * , so i 'm pretty sure it 's not a thing here ( czech republic ) . 
  at least not planned . 
  people of course drop out during the first semester of uni and if they want to give it another shot , they have to wait till the summer to apply again . 
  i would be willing to add one sentence to the description of the pacific campaign , mentioning the extend of japanese occupation ( though it 's quite likely we have a map in the books , i just do n't remember it ) . 
  i do n't mean disrespect to anyone , particularly not victims of war , but it really did n't have any meaningful impact on the outcome of the war . 
  struggle of the people is `` taken for granted '' during a war , there is no need to highlight it . 
  do you think people occupied by the nazis in europe did n't consider it * a crucible for their respective countries * ? 
  it 's no different , it 's like that everywhere there is a war . 
  no need to specifically mention it . 
  never seen anyone do this and i used to go to the pool pretty regularly when i was a kid . 
  i never had any health problems because of it . 
  afaik , usa ended up overpowering the japanese anyway , did n't they ? 
  the japanese just did n't want to officially to admit the defeat . 
  of course , usa knew perfectly well they did n't have any chance if they were to land in japan and defeat them completely . 
  so they dropped the nukes . 
  honestly , i do n't think much would have changed is the usa had n't nuked them ( as far as ww2 goes ) . 
  yes , pacific campaign as a whole was important . 
  but what i 'm saying is that there was n't anything particularly notable about it apart from it 's start and the end . 
  like with most people here , we mentioned japanese war with china , attack on pearl harbor and the nukes . 
  and that 's about it . 
  i wonder , what do you learn about it ? 
  from my point of view , nothing of particular importance happened there apart from the things mentioned . 
  but of course , having not read anything about it , i may be wrong . 
  the warfare aspect is always mentioned only in passing . 
  usually just an outcome of a campaign or some period of time . 
  we mention few important battles in europe , but again , it 's mostly just line or two of text . 
  i can only think of stalingrad , kursk , battle of britain and d-day . 
  as for variety of brands , i will use your example with sweet cocacola-like drinks . 
  most supermarkets will offer coca cola ( at least the regular one , but often also zero and/or vanilla ) , pepsi ( regular , lemon and sometimes light ) , kofola ( local variation of such drinks , very interesting btw ; regular , sugar-free , lemon and elderberry ; there are also seasonal flavours like gingerbread , chocolate and few others ) , and their own branded version ( usually shit and cheap ) . 
  some even have drpepper . 
  it also depends on size of the store , the selection changes almost weekly in smaller stores , so they may have pepsi one week and coca cola the next . 
  as for fast food , we have kfc , mcd , couple pizza places and couple kebab/gyros places . 
  there are more local fast foods in the bigger cities though . 
  i was describing 70k city . 
  usually a couple middle class ones . 
  i think we have 2 or 3 here in the 70k city . 
  i would say they are about as popular as any other kind of specialized ( in specific cuisine ) restaurant . 
  i ca n't wouch for authenticity of their meals though , since i know very little about proper mexiacn cuisine . 
  it is mandatory in school ( plus one additional language - most schools offer german , russian and spanish or french ) . 
  also my mother placed a lot of importance on learning english ( she does n't speak it herself ) so i went to english language courses for many years and got up to c1 certification ( currently thinking of trying c2 ) . 
  but it 's not as if i was forced into it . 
  well , i was in the beginning , but at one point i started to enjoy it . 
  at this point , i ca n't imagine living without english . 
  it 's absolutely necessary for an it person ( even more for a programmer ) and about 99 % of entertainment i consume is in english or subtitled in english ( anime ) . 
   how do you treat internal tourists ? 
  do you expect fellow europeans to speak your language in your country ? 
  i do n't live in tourist location , but i usually try to help , just like i would if a local asked me for directions . 
  and no , i do n't expect a tourist to speak czech , that 's crazy . 
  i assume every tourist speaks english though . 
  i suppose i worded that wrong . 
  what i mean is that as far i know , there is n't any publicly known censorship . 
  sure , it 's the history written by the victors , but imho the way it 's taught is fine and for the most part accurate . 
  there is n't anything anyone would bother arguing about as of now . 
  none that i 'm aware of . 
  it 's a rare topic . 
  ww2 is viewed as history and therefore there is little to discuss . 
  and as far as opinion differences go , people may have different views whether we ( czechoslovakia back then ) should have fought nazi germany or not , but in the end , nobody really cares . 
  it 's history . 
  czech rep. is very small country - ~ 400x220km . 
  but yeah , 100-200km is a considerable distance . 
  it 's not completely unheard of for people to take a train from prague ( capital ) to brno ( 2nd largest city ) for school/work ( ~ 200km ) , but it 's inconvenient and most people would n't be willing to do it . 
  to give you some insight . 
  czech republic here . 
  small * city * of 3k . 
  6 bus stops . 
  2 bus routes ( one to each bigger city near by ) . 
  bus to the 70k city ( 10km from here ) comes every 30-60 minutes ( from 5am to 10pm ) . 
  bus from there to capital city ( ~ 30km ) comes every 10-20 minutes . 
  there are also 4 train station in the 70k city that have direct trains to the capital that come pretty often ( i do n't take the train so i do n't know the specifics ) .
