and regimes also . 
  both are illegal according to the current eu regulations . 
  you ca n't sell exploits even to the u.s. without proper clearance . 
  also , my guess is that we will see more companies like ht falling and also we will see people selling to the chinese as well . 
  short answer is no . 
  the so-called `` thessaloniki program '' that syriza presented had a lot of reforms regarding growth that were not related to public spending . 
  one thing i remember is that it would lower taxes for the private sector . 
  this , of course , never made it to the news . 
  regardless , syriza hired some people for the public sector . 
  again , contrary to popular belief , these positions were allocated by nea democratia . 
  so , syriza in a nutshell did nothing in a 6 months period . 
  everyone at this time is acting in a `` none of my business '' way . 
  i am not sure how this can be solved , because there 's a barrier set by the languages but this is something that needs to be addressed . 
  btw , i heard that microsoft fired 2k people in finland . 
  that 's some really shitty move if true . 
  we did n't reform as you mean it . 
  our main problem was not spending in pensions and stuff . 
  our main problem was - and still is - corruption . 
  let me explain : in greece , pensions and health insurances are the same . 
  as such , when i refer to pensions , i 'll also refer to health insurances . 
  contrary to other countries , around ~ 30 % of our gross salary goes to pensions . 
  this means that the average pension scheme could cover on its own everyone 's pension and they even had money to cover any random expenses . 
  if our pension schemes are so great , what went wrong ? 
  our governments tried to `` grab '' those money . 
  obviously , the boards of the pension schemes declined to handle over the money . 
  as such , the greek governments decided to pass laws so that the boards would be forced to hand over the money . 
  long story short , through a series of events those money were gone . 
  normally for the greek standards , no member of the parliament went to trial . 
  this , which is a true story , is what 's going on for years in greece . 
  i do n't know what 's going on in your country but honestly , even if troika was wrong about greece every single time , it was the greek government 's responsibility to protect us as greeks . 
  regardless , i hope that everything will work fine for you and you wo n't end up putting up with the same things we do . 
  my point is that i am not going to spend my time trying to explain to random redditors what the problem is , how we got here etc. 
  if they think we got here because of * insert_any_mumbo_jumbo_here * , ok , that 's great . 
  same thing applies in greece . 
  but this does n't apply to eu . 
  you can find as many examples as you like that xyz country wanted abc country to do something for their prosperity and abc country replied with a middle finger . 
  i 'm going to give an example related to my country so that i wo n't insult anybody . 
  malta wanted greece to lower the number of fishing boats . 
  greece for some time was giving malta the middle finger . 
  although i understand that , greece at the same time was n't helping malta in some other way - any way - . 
  in general , the people of the eu tend to trust more their governments rather than the eu . 
  i read in this thread that microsoft fired 2k people in finland . 
  these people , or at least some of them , could find a job throughout eu . 
  nope , fuck them . 
  and there are many many more problems in this monetary union that need to be addressed as well, 
  although not a problem in the concept of the monetary union , it is a problem of the eur . 
  there are quite a few problems with this monetary union ( ie people trust their govts more than the eu , difference of language etc etc ) , in a nutshell , italy and spain were better off without the eur . 
  the same applies with many other countries . 
  regarding greece , taking the risk not to bail greek private banks would potentially lead to a meltdown of other private banks throughout eur . 
  from this , the whole conversation is a what if scenario . 
  back to the eur , there are too many problems that we need to address . 
  at the time , a proper monetary union is the usa . 
  i understand that this is not something easy for the eu to achieve . 
  never the less , i think we should trust the eu a bit more . 
  at the time , everyone trusts their government . 
  purely on the monetary union , i think ecb should start acting like the fed bank . 
  on the other hand though , i do n't think we ( all eu members ) will take this lightly . 
  anyway , everything is left to be seen . 
  i know the debt but the problem with ez ( or more correctly what matters to the ez ) is the debt/gdp ratio not the debt itself . 
  our debt skyrocketed because of the bailout . 
  check [ here ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-debt-to-gdp ) it was growing higher and higher ( obvious in the chart ) but it was added another 30 % because of this . 
  we were given money to bailout private banks to `` save '' other private banks ( mostly bnp paribas ) . 
  so we owe you money that we - greek people - never took for our public sector or public whatever . 
  and we were never asked if we wanted to bail out any private bank as well . 
  this is one reason why our debt sky rocketed . 
  in a nutshell , we agreed to take your money to save some private banks . 
  this makes no sense whatsoever . 
  i do n't know what greece 's opinion is about the monetary union - i think it is pro eur - . 
  back to the topic . 
  i was explaining to you that you , us and everyone would n't complain about it if the ez was built like a proper monetary union ( usa ) . 
  joining is voluntary but leaving is going to have consequences to all . 
  some consequences to the ez will be minor ( i hope ) but some will have effects that last longer . 
  again , all of this mess could have been avoided if ez was a proper monetary union . 
  anyway , wishing you the best . 
   nice . 
  think about it this way : effectively you are moving austerity from your country to ours . 
  true . 
  and this is a fundamental problem of the ez and the eur monetary union . 
  country xyz lends money to country abc . 
  the money though have to be paid in both cases by the citizens . 
  for example , you ( finland ) gave us money which went to private banks . 
  we owe you money and none of us has even seen a cent of those money . 
  this , essentially is a fundamental problem of the eur monetary union and many people ( including friedman , krugman , varoufakis and many more i suspect ) have criticized the ez for that reason . 
  in the long run , this monetary union hurts everyone . 
  you can find friedman 's thoughts [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/the-euro--monetary-unity-to-political-disunity ), 
  1 we have n't defaulted yet . 
  imf classified spit as arrears . 
  2 no , greece wo n't split . 
  govt may go for elections after per the referendum . 
  the eur is a non reversible currency . 
  once you get in you ca n't leave . 
  at the time nothing . 
  in the long run , they may be paid in other currencies or with ious which may be again in the long run eur again . 
  honestly , whoever wrote this did n't even bother to read the law regarding banking holidays . 
  if you want , i can give you ** scientific references ** both on norway and among else why the experiment failed and on the current state of it in greece and where it is going ( pretty much nowhere at the time but that 's another story ) . 
  edit : norway has better telco networks compared to greece . 
  i can give you references for that if you want as well . 
  i do infosec and i 've seen things in scandinavia ( mostly norway ) and greece . 
  greece does n't depend heavily on closed source technologies which is a good thing .
