  on the other hand , norway introduced the concept of digital communities . 
  although it eventually failed , they did heavy research on how they would build things that people would use on a massive scale . 
  i can give you books if you want to research the subject . 
  we have a pretty good it infrastructure . 
  for example , it is way better than the scandinavian one . 
  we do n't have people nor money though and last time i checked infrastructures do n't run eternally on their own . 
  cards used to withdraw money have limits for security reasons . 
  some banks ( ie mine ) allows you to change the limit ( which by default is 600eur ) to any sum you want . 
  even if you change the amount you can withdraw 600eur per transaction . 
  gold platinum etc cards are credit cards . 
  i was watching the parliament . 
  they did a break for lunch . 
  the timestamp is around this time . 
  chances are they were taking money for their lunch . 
  also , most of these guys have declared - they are forced to - all of their bank accounts and sums . 
  they have bank accounts in other countries . 
  the pic was taken when they were going to eat . 
  chances are that these guys do not care about bank runs or capital controls and they wanted money to eat . 
  there 's a humanitarian crisis going on ( for example there 's a 70 % youth unemployment ) and austerity will deepen it . 
  this is what austerity means for us . 
  yes , but the problem is not greece . 
  you ca n't be sure if anyone else will decide to follow greece 's lead . 
  for example , eur was boosted when the institutions said that there 's going to be an agreement with greece . 
  obviously this was n't due to greece . 
  it is a matter of trust . 
  eur 's trust is based on two things mostly . 
  you ca n't kick out a member because this would lead to a loss of trust since noone would be sure who is going to get kicked out of eur next . 
  also , members ca n't get in and out of the eur on will again for the same reason . 
  then you trust the members . 
  ie , germany is a strong player , so eur must be good . 
  hopefully you understand what i am saying . 
  not many . 
  tsipras said that if the referendum agrees with the offer , he will support it and take those measures . 
  they 'll know tomorrow if they got an extension . 
  the only issue with the referendum is that it 'll take place in 7 days which means that before you vote you need to know a lot of things . 
  about responsibilities , it is about time that we greeks decide clearly what we want . 
  the `` oh , they fooled us again '' card is no longer available . 
   i do n't think that greece is going to leave the ez -- they will probably fall back on their drachma . 
  not all ez members ought to use the euro currency . 
  i do n't think they will go to drachma . 
  exiting the eur creates uncertainty for all parties . 
  eur members will go through a crash course of their banks and a loss of trust . 
  the main risk here is the duration of the loss of trust to the currency . 
  also , greece will deal with problems as well . 
  i was pointing out how different things are between the two unions . 
  and no , you ca n't vote in a state if you are n't registered there , 
  it 's not going to be beautiful but it is a crash test for everyone in the eu so let 's relax and enjoy it , 
  i do n't know if you are greek but for example potami said they 'll vote for any deal . 
  that 's 17 votes . 
  nd said pretty much the same thing . 
  they could if they wanted to . 
  the referendum papandreou proposed was eur or not . 
  anyway , i 'd like to see how parties will handle this week to inform voters . 
  btw , there 's also the brexit going on at the time and there are rumours that banks in portugal are critical once again . 
  from what i know , imf is pushing for more austerity . 
  do n't take this for granted because again , i do n't know all the details . 
  you did n't get me . 
  there 's no need for [ insert_country ] to say `` i 'll leave '' . 
  it 's a matter of trust . 
  for example , when the institutions announced that they were getting to an agreement with greece , eur was boosted . 
  greece is too small to influence eur . 
  the boost was a trust issue - among else - . 
  you are taking this matter very very lightly . 
  if greece leaves eur ( or even worse if it gets kicked out ) , eu ca n't imagine who is going to leave next . 
  this creates huge `` turbulence '' inside the eu ( ie banks of other countries and debts etc ) and also you are playing with the trust of the eur currency . 
  the latter is not something the eu wants because the eur was built as a very strong ( stronger than usd actually ) currency . 
  tsipras said that the imf is the main pro austerity institution . 
  he called eu to stand against austerity . 
  members ca n't kick a member out of the eu which in turn gives ground to a lot of arguments . 
  again , the referendum is not about the eur . 
  i am not sure how they 'll do this because you 'll have to inform people about the offer . 
  they could control the boards of the banks which they did not . 
  they are buying shares and they let the same board to control the business ? 
  that 's a no no . 
  just in case you missed it , the referendum is the ultimate tool of democracy . 
  in a more sentimental post . 
  this is definitely a historical point for greece and it may be for eu as well . 
  it 's not fiscal . 
  it is humanitarian . 
  that 's called democracy . 
  they were elected to stop austerity . 
  they ca n't get such an offer , they want to listen to what people have to say . 
  the question is not related to eu but to the offer of the institutions . 
  do n't bet all your money on this . 
  we do n't have knowledge of the background . 
  well , you could vote if we were in the usa but this is eu  anyway , it is democratic as far as i am concerned . 
  as katrougkalos said , this is the people we have , we ca n't elect new people :p, 
  everything with the banks is normal . 
  there were those who ran to get their money and also the counterpart that went there and had fun with those . 
  there 's pro offer or not . 
  tsipras is in a nutshell saying that the proposed offer by the institutions ( mostly by the imf ) is not working . 
  among else , the austerity created a humanitarian crisis in greece which is against the eu policies - and democracy in general - and also it is humiliating the greek people . 
  he has informed merkel , ecb president , france etc that he is calling a referendum according to the greek constitution . 
  he is saying that he will respect the outcome of the referendum . 
  he is saying that greece is part of europe and vice versa but there 's a democratic problem in greece at the time . 
  tldr ; he is calling a referendum next sunday for the greek people to vote whether they like the current offer or not . 
  he is also asking an extension of few days of the current program so that greek people can vote freely . 
  the referendum is not pro eu or not but pro austerity or not . 
  tsipras is currently addressing the greek people . 
  well , at the time i wo n't be debating on how reliable he is .
