`` helan '' = the whole ( drink ) `` halvan '' = a half of something ( drink ) basically singing that if you 're not drinking all of it you ca n't have any of it . 
  there 's hundreds of these songs . 
  not what they call mountains in austria we do n't . 
  i ca n't ski in sweden anymore , just too boring when you 've been to the alps . 
  it is probably easy to think that , but if you loved her - would you really do it ? 
  abusers often make their partner believe that they deserved it . 
  do you happen to have a link to :  report of two separate groups linked to crimes in the region that happens to include a lot of roma people . 
  they can probably compensate that with experience ... 
  it was n't very relevant , but you seemed like a person who would explain if i asked ,  thanks , in other words . 
  could you perhaps tell us about angela merkel ? 
  is she good at debates ? 
  what makes her so succesful ? 
  really , tell us what is going on or just skip posting at all edit : thank you for the update . 
  now i 'm sad ... 
  the school vouching system has largely been a failure so far though . 
  it has been concluded that it has severely increased the segregation of our society , in the same study by our government that the segregation actually lowers the overall performance of the students . 
  when the conservatives won big in 2006 the started selling out schools ( and lots of other stuff , mostly for symbolic prices ) , this meant that the percentage private schools increased a lot . 
  these privately owned schools have less teachers and pay them less . 
  their pitch is a ton of marketing , brand building and gimmicks like free laptop or english only education/being sport oriented/no homework/school starts later in the day . 
  the grades from their schools very often deviate from the standardized testing results that often seems like they 're giving the students higher grades than they do deserve . 
  the municipality who 's in charge and pays for the student check ca n't really check what the money goes into since school corporations just declare their whole operation without showing the specific schools . 
  as you can see these are largely issues of how the administrate schooling and not so much about * how to teach * - the benefits of standardized testing and how to better educate our youth . 
  this is the real victim of swedens 20 year long debate about how to administrate schooling - real progress in education policy . 
  cause by all measurements our students have a worse education now , than in the 80 : s . some like to believe that you can blame the so called `` kommunalisering '' ( municipalities taking over the control over the schools in their area ) for this , but you really ca n't blame it . 
  it had to happen since it fixed tons of stupid bureaucratic questions , but in turn came with a few problems that could have been easily fixed if we were n't debating administration ( in a very central way ) . 
  sources for 1 & 2 : skolverket.se , skolinspektionen.se, 
  probably has to do with a series of well known pornos made in sweden during the 60s . 
  i guess that 's why all these exist :p, 
  you have n't heard ? 
  yesterday , a greek navy of triremes with legions of hoplites took normandy beach and rushed into paris , the landing went unopposed . 
  the wooden triremes are almost undetectable by radar and thus none knew a navy of greece best warriors had been sailing along the coast of france . 
  they also had help from the inside . 
  on landing french taxis where waiting to drive the greek to paris through caen , which fell within the hour , then the main force of the hoplites drove towards paris . 
  the traffic chaos due to the taxi drivers rioting had driven the communications to a standstill . 
  the army could n't muster and the few that made through to ch\u00e2teau de versailles where overrun by legions of bloodthirsty hoplites . 
  last i 've heard is that \u00dcber drivers are being rounded up and the \u00dcber app has been banned . 
  france is also preparing to send a tribute to greece . 
  world leaders have so far been silent , perhaps wondering why putin have been meeting so much with prime minister alexis tsipras ... who knows what comes next . 
   we agree in so many ways , and i think the us would be better for having something closer to the swedish system ( minus a royal family ) . 
  i am not saying that if only the us did n't have the level of diversity then it would be easier to govern . 
  it 's far more complicated , in my opinion . 
  by no means is the swedish system perfect there are many flaws and i myself would love to see them fixed and hopefully together with the founding of a nordic federal state . 
   arguably ( though i 'm not the one to do this argument any sort of justice ) after the fall of the initial articles of confederation the only sort of centralized government that could be established had to be in the form of a republic . 
  representation from these founding areas needed their specific interests , from 3/5 's of a person for each black person in the union which granted more populist power to the south , to ensuring the senate had more power especially with foreign policy in order to placate the northern states . 
  none would dispute that they did the best they could back then , but constitutions have an expiration date . 
  i do n't have issue with the americans back then , i have it with defeatist view that americans have right now about the constitutions as some religious text - not to be touched , instead of it being just a constitution . 
   i completely agree that the crux of the thing is the us constitution , but i do n't know that the us would have grown to the size it is today without the constitution determining that competing forces needed the race for settlement to maintain relative power in washington . 
  this is all in the past . 
  i understand your argument for how things came be the way they are . 
  but they are n't arguments for how they should be . 
  that 's why do n't buy this `` diverse '' country dogma i keep hearing on reddit . 
  americans actually believe that currently , in their own country , where they elect people from just two different parties , they have such a wildly differentiating political views that those representatives ca n't agree on good policy - bullshit . 
  it has to do with the political game rules . 
  not ideology or diversity of some kind . 
  not everything has to do with the constitution there are other things that is just stupid . 
  the way you swap out almost the entire administration as soon as you get a new president - fantastic way to destroy work in progress and not utilizing experience . 
  had swedes had the same mindset about our constitution as americans have in this thread . 
  our king would still decide who can form government and who can run a newspaper or not . 
  but society is a work in progress , that means that the constitutions also needs to change once in a while . 
   do you see , again , how `` blame it on the blacks '' is a misrepresentation of my views ? 
  yes , i do . 
  but to be fair it was more directed towards any reader that might be more inclined to think that way . 
  since you did n't present any arguments , i am going to presume that you 're a troll . 
  but for the record . 
  i know your constitution , i 've read it and studied it , done comparative studies of it . 
  no where did i type that healthcare had anything to do with the constitution , what i did is called systemic criticism . 
  the point is that a lot of u.s problems would n't in my experience be problems if you had a better system of government and interaction in the usa . 
  again immigration has nothing do to with fucking anything . 
  `` reach '' what you are talking about is that you are having trouble getting your own government following the policy of the government because you have a lot of immigration ? 
  how that does n't even sound like bullshit in your own head is beyond amazing for me . 
  usa is a nation that has always had high immigration , so maybe your problems stem from something parallel with that ? 
  say a conflict seeking elective-system , a constitution that is n't up to date with modern standards since it is in fact the worlds oldest . 
  edit : try harder troll, 
  but it is n't relevant , what is relevant is that you have a federation with two equal chambers in congress and legalized corruption in politics . 
  voting schemes for president that in reality only requires 21 % ? 
  of the popular vote in order to win the presidential election . 
  and so on . 
  really your constitutions sucks and has n't really been attended for years because founding fathers were seers according to american mythology and foresaw everything . 
  compare that with sweden , unitary state with strong local governments with themselves formes up into regional level government . 
  parliamentary system that lets the parliament elect premier minister . 
  it forces our society to act together , because everything depends on it . 
  strong local goverments just want shit done and working so the carrier national politicians ca n't go gun blazing on a populist agenda . 
  they have to cater to the local politicians and the voters instead of corporations . 
  that is what makes it hard for usa politics to perform at the level of the nordic countries . 
  shitty political system , that should have been patched a long time ago . 
  do n't blame it on the blacks or whatever you want this `` homogenous '' `` big population '' bullshit to be about . 
  in truth bigger population and bigger country allows for large scale benefits . 
  so much more can be automated and rationalized in a bigger system . 
  your medicaid is one of the worlds most efficient system . 
  yet , all americans seems to do is taking a shit on it . 
  people get smaller as they age , can this play into it ? 
  old population in serbia perhaps ? 
  and that coincided with conservatives started to love the place because we had a conservative government , who lowered the taxes . 
  so the center-left loved sweden for still being a succesful social democratic state and the center-right for the then current admininstrations huge tax decreases and slashing of the welfare state . 
  so all of the sudden no one ( the economist for example ) was critizing sweden and everyone was basically `` yeah sweden is awesome '' . 
  need us soldiers to fight off them vicious polarbears ... edit : the above comment said something about canada needing the us military . 
  those hyphens ... 
  pretty big words for an american , i 'm impressed . 
  lordi is the only band/artist that i have voted for in esc , the only time i payed any attention . 
  oh man , you should have heard the \u00fcber metrosexual swedish host when he had to announce lordi as the winner ...
