ireland has always stayed neutral , after ww2 the [ current policy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality#current_policy ) was netruallity . ireland hasnet joined nato fully . irish people dont want to join wars . ireland has be g doing peace keeping in the past and it diosnt have the army for it , ireland should stay neutral and out of nato, 
   would a country like ireland join in that conditions ? 
  possibly not there no concrate anwer , ireland likes to stay neutral because of [ historic reasons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality ), 
  sorry what ? 
   in the end , we should have nato , but a healthier one where every member ( and maybe one member is the eu instead of all the smaller countries ) contributes accordingly . 
  but the thing is not all eu nations are in nato fully , , i really dont want there to be a an `` eu army '' as such , let individual nations have there own army , an let the coordinate together if they want to , but do n't force it on eu nations, 
  how is this illegal ? 
   that do n't evade any taxes on their profits there like apple is doing in ireland ? 
  from a technical standpoint apple is n't avoiding us taxes but they are possibly not paying all the tax they need to do in ireland apple has set up it 's corporate structure in such a way that the american apple is merely a sub-corporation which is paid by the big irish corporation for research and development . 
   surely if they 're based there then they should legally pay the tax regardless of what it is ? 
  apple has set up it 's corporate structure in such a way that the american apple is merely a sub-corporation which is paid by the big irish corporation for research and development . 
  its a vaild reason , they wanted to in theory to secure their borders because there an island nation which they 're entitled to ireland and the uk are the 2 nation which are not in the schengen area, 
   opt out made little sense to begin with well is did/dose the uk is an island nation , it does n't have a boarder with mainland europe because its an island nation it made/make a lot of sence to not be in schengen are, 
  this is satire website, 
  yes theres valid reason , if ireland where to get the 13bn and did n't argue it that would set a precedent and might worry other multi-nationals in ireland and thus could have the effect of them pulling out of ireland thus causing mass unemployment and costing the state more than the 13bn they would get if they accpeted the riling, 
   more focus on security and an eu army seems given , i disagree with that , there should n't be an eu army , each state should have there own and come up there own policies and join any military alliance they want but i should n't be forced not every state in the eu has joined nato ,, 
  they dont count , you have to be a certain age to vote ( i think its 18 ) , same as any other nation in europe , for example you need to be atleast 18 to vote in referendums in ireland, 
   remember these are our allies and nato brings so much influence in our trading right ? 
  dont you know that ireland isnt in nato, 
   apple got a contract from the irish governemnt that the government wo n't collect taxes from them . 
  that 's incorrect , apple is paying taxes though , ireland offered them tax breaks and they accepted them, 
   eu plans where we have to kick member states out if they do n't align show more of an issue in the initial plan than with the non aligning state in terms of the eu army certain states ( eg ireland ) have opt-out to the mutual defence clause and even if they ( ireland ) wanted to agree to it there needs to a referendum , have a look to what / u/thenotsosecretlurker posted, 
   this also means defending even if it costs your life . 
  no it dosent, 
  ireland is not a tax haven , it has a low corporate tax rate which is 12.5 %, 
  i think thats a fair thing to do, 
  1 . no 2 . no 3 . no 4 . no 4b . no 5 . no 6 . no 7 . none, 
  also he helped and revitalize the german economy and country after ww1 and created what is today is the autobahn and also helped the german auto industry with the introduction of `` the peoples car '' the volkswagen beetle, 
  yes and no , when the uk enact article 50 there will be meetings and new agreements drawn up the eu side could decide to be harsh to the uk in the agrement to set a president and send a message that if you try to leave the eu that it wont be a bed a roses if a state dose leave ( meaning that when other members see that uk got a favorable deal that there be more states wanting to leave ) but they dont want to be to harsh at the same time ( that could see the same as being too lenient - states leaving the eu ) they need a to be fair in what they propose, 
   the united kingdom is free from a trade and border agreement that never helped them . 
  i disagree uk businesses greatly benefited from the common eu market with the free movement of capital and goods , and some could argue that that uk population as whole benefited from the free movement of people with the eu, 
  if you have any irish grandparents , you can apply for a irish citizenship http://www.citizensinformation.ie/en/moving_country/irish_citizenship/irish_citizenship_through_birth_or_descent.html, 
  leave it the way it is, 
  for those who cant view for whatever reason : anti-brexit protesters brought traffic to a crawl on the main road between the republic of ireland and northern ireland on saturday . 
  a convoy of demonstrators staged a noisy motorway go-slow near dundalk in co louth using lorries and tractors to highlight the impact of predicted customs checks on the local economy . 
  contingency work has begun to identify places where checkpoints could be set up once again , in preparation for the uk leaving the eu , the government said . 
  since the end of the conflict traffic has passed largely unimpeded between the neighbours on what would be the uk 's only land border with europe . 
  a trailer-load of sheep going to market and passport-toting residents took part in a theatrical `` check point '' staged to highlight the detrimental impact of a border with the north . 
  a rusty second world war-era bicycle placed alongside a mock customs hut reinforced the message that a hard border was a return to the past which british prime minister theresa may has been adamant she wants to avoid . 
  residents said they were caught in the eye of a storm which could have a devastating impact on relations between the north and the republic . 
  demonstration organiser for border communities against brexit , declan fearon , said : `` we are really in the eye of the storm of brexit and we intend to make sure that this does not happen . 
  `` we never want to see this community going back to what it was before . '' mock border officers from the uk and ireland wearing traditional greatcoats waved down traffic in front of a stage customs hut . 
  horns blared , truck drivers in the queue pretended to pull their hair out and waved pieces of paper supposed to be travel documents . 
  lines of people with placards had gathered . 
  vintage signs read : `` stop : customs '' . 
  mr fearon said : `` the people here do not want to contemplate the reinstatement of spikes and roads being closed and of customs check points and it looks like that is where we are going . 
  `` it seems as if theresa may and the british government have no intention of listening to us . '' he said : `` they would not contemplate any assurances or guarantees that the good friday agreement would not be injured or changed in any way as a result of brexit . 
  `` they do n't seem to have any of our interests here along the border at heart and we want to make sure our voices are heard as far and wide as possible . '' pa, 
  the reason i flaired this as nsfw is because the language being used in the videos which is n't safe for work, 
   e.g. 
  in the past you could drive without a license . 
  now you ca n't . 
  this is a good thing , actually - though it may appear to be a restriction of your rights . 
  that 's not the same thing driving without a license can possibly hurt or damage other people the reason the driving law is in place is to save people lives while using only cash does n't physically hurt anyone  if there 's an obvious disparity between the lifestyle & the income , law enforcement can ( lawfully ) check your source of revenues . 
  but the thing is what defined as lawfully , while i can understand why it could be used that does n't mean it could n't be abused and used for other actions in the future, 
   probably not old enough . 
  though ... my daughter actually had to get a card before she had to get an id ( scholarships are only paid through bank accounts ) . 
  im 21 , i have no need for one  actually , there is : having cash generates huge costs in the society ( besides the fact that it 's fairly expensive to print/circulate , especially for smaller denominations - handling cash is also extremely expensive for any business / government organisation , since it can be so easily stolen , so you have to have special jobs/people / processes for doing that ) . 
  in terms banks you money can be can be stolen ( physically or through identity fraud ) in the same vain cash can  cash facilitates a lot of low-level corruption ( e.g. 
  paying a cop to let you go when you did something wrong ) . 
  in the same vain using cash can be payed for getting small jobs done around the house ( eg getting the front lawn cut )  a cashless society could enable massively reduced bureaucracy ( think about not doing the tax forms at tall - just log in to authorise the bank ( s ) / financial service providers to send the revenue/expense data to the relevant government agencies ; and for businesses , the accounting could be significantly simplified , and we could get rid of paper-based accounting & keeping all receipts since you already have electronic receipts from your financial service provider9s ) . 
  both yes and no look at bureaucracy today even though most can be done online and computers there still has to be a phyical paper trail in most cases i dont see the point in ditching cash and going bank only, 
   for many practical ( & legal ) reasons , pretty much everyone is locked into using banks already may i ask what do you mean by legal reason for having a bank account ? 
  i personally do n't have a bank account  i fail to see how touching a card on a terminal ( contactless payment ) is any harder or less convenient than carrying cash & doing the math to pay the exact sum . 
  with bank card you do n't see what you sent with each transaction ( by this i mean you dont see what your spending while your spending it , you only see after the fact ) and depending on the person this can be helpful for better budgeting  i fail to see how touching a card on a terminal ( contactless payment ) is any harder or less convenient than carrying cash & doing the math to pay the exact sum . 
  the thing its all the form & everything else you when you set up the account you fail to remember ( eg if i want a bank account i need to fill out form to set one up while with cash someone just gives it to you )  there 's also the possibility of mobile payments if you really do n't want/can ' t get a bank account . 
  i 'm sure the mobile operators would jump at the opportunity to extend these kinds of services to everyone , all we need is the right legal framework . 
  i dont have a problem with this more services but dont get rid of physical money theres no reason to, 
  not everyone wants to be locked into using banks , if for what ever reason you cant use your bank account your out of luck using any of your money while with cash its easy and convenient to use and there no account needed with a bank, 
   it is voluntary though , shops can stay away from rounding if they want but in my experience anyway the majority do round . 
  i would n't say majority i would say one or two big chain shops such as only one comes to mind : tesco, 
   swear it 's a no brainer , do n't know why no politician proposed this already . 
  beacuse its a bad idea, 
   and now ireland has already implemented rounding to the nearest 5c !, 
  not all the country have n't there still things ending 9c and 4c it 's just certain shops wo n't take them and just round to the nearest 5 . 
  which are ... ? 
   but why use it all the time ? 
  why use one and not the other ? 
  i dont write the articles and such , dont go complaining to me if the article used that language wasnt to your liking  how about mentioning the `` ex-famine struck ireland '' with every article ? 
  i dont write the articles but technically that can be used, 
  as already mentioned it does n't matter if the occupation was legal or illegal , its the fact it happened and that those states became soviet republics . 
   `` former british union state of ireland '' . 
  it 's just common decency . 
  personally that does n't offened me , what you said was a fact ireland was a part of the united kingdom but now its not a member of it . 
  what you said is technically true it depends on the particular person if they get mad at you but what you said is true, 
  it does n't matter if the occupation was legal or illegal , its the fact it happened and that those states became soviet republics . 
  side note : for some reason i have you tagged as millennium dawn creator, 
   it wo n't cooperate with europe , wo n't cooperate with the rest of our british isles , just a tangent , it depends on what you mean by brish isles depending on who 's using the prase beacuse it can mean [ different things it can be seen as a political term rather than a geographic one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute ) and also ireland isnt obigated to co-operate with any briish nation, 
   but most that consume porn are male , s ( female , s are more imaginary wen they self please ) do you statistics to back that statement up ? 
   another reason that we need as much member as we can . 
  everybody should be involved so it does n't happen . 
  more than likely france , germany will possibly dictate policy if there was an `` eu army '' and i highly sense that they would n't care what the other nations think  but the rest of the eu should n't rely on the usa to protect itself . 
  if trump decrease its funding , we wo n't have a choice anyway . 
  you do realise that when/if the us leaves nato . 
  that nato will still exist and it can still protect its own boarders, 
  its not though , there was a time period where ireland wasnt in europe or under the crown and ireland would go back to that, 
   well ofc its a peacekeeping army nobody want anything else . 
  the thing is that it can be like that one minute and the next its the complete opposite . 
   there 's no reason why france , germany and italy should pay for everybody else border 's protection . 
  the thing is that ireland isnt in nato , nato nations can boarder protect each others and it can have nothing to with ireland,
