  we are trying to win hearts and minds and help the swedes in the time of need , not make them hate us . 
  edit : people , do n't down vote me because i made a sarcastic joke over keystone light . 
  relax , i drink ( ugh ) coors light and enjoy it . 
  that 's right , i said it . 
  maybe we should demonstrate the charitable spirit of the american by helping the swedish people in this time of need . 
  i 'll donate a case of sam adams and pray for our swedish friends . 
  rossi is your patel or smith , for sure . 
  two separate sauces serving two separate foods , with slight overlap . 
  oh look , france and the uk are fighting again , what a surprise . 
  you mean japan , we rarely get the kooky flavors . 
  at the other side of the rainbow bridge . 
  he was very much a product of that scene and ultra - competitive tech era . 
  he was hated and admired . 
  nothing wrong with a little redemption at this point if his life . 
  what is this brown versus red sauce ? 
  you are the second one i saw to mention it . 
  i did not mention dialects , those are dying here in the states also . 
  i think of dialect as such a variation of the national language that it is close to being another language . 
  creole , being the most famous one in the us , . 
  african america , italian northeast , southern and appalachian ( although old time appalachian was a dialect ) being considered more of accents . 
  years ago , you could pick up a person was from brooklyn versus minnisota versus south very easily , but it it is being lost to the more midwest , as people say , `` plain '' english . 
  it 's becoming like that , since the standard plain english , or `` newscast '' english is become the norm . 
  even in places in places like northeast , who have some of the more known jersey , new york and boston accents are going away . 
  probably the same way in other areas like the south . 
  you can still catch it in older generations . 
  one famous jersey accent is tony soprano , but even in other roles , gandolfini would never fully lose his accent . 
  but now for those roles you have people who have to almost exaggerate those accents . 
  most who do wear it low are trying to appear tough . 
  admitingly , i did when i was younger . 
  http://music-illuminati.com/wp-content/uploads/muir.jpg . 
  like bikers or some gangs type of thing ? 
  get a room you two !, 
  no worry , but you have to admit , better than you `` killed them all '' , and also those who want to paint the natives as noble savages , or the down right racist who ca n't admit that civilisations happened without eurasians , or aliens , which is the worst kind of asses . 
  i still debate that there was one in na , but then again we are getting into anthropology/history that is a bit obscure , relatively speaking . 
  it has been a while , but na had something pretty large up north . 
  i have been tempted to say the iroquois nation , but that was them consolidating power to fight european expansion , and also from what i remember reading , it was already happening , meaning they they were becoming the big guys in the area anyway . 
  oh jeez , you asking me to go to books and journals i do n't have access to right now , and kinda lazy considering it is the weekend . 
  i can make a note of it and try , but in the northeast it was not a `` city '' but centralized expanses . 
  the iroquois nation that came to dominate the area , it is what i am guessing at this point , but i am getting a hunch it was further south and a bit older . 
  i would agree with you , in a lot of ways the linguistics , especially . 
  native americans is understood as a us term , but can be applied to all . 
  some use first nation or original inhabitants . 
  you make that sound like a bad thing !, 
  it 's much better than gun loving obese people who go broke with no insurance . 
  not sure what you mean, 
  i am assuming you are talking about the north americans . 
  the history is tied to that of the south americans . 
  i actually studied this in university , even went to a reservation for a summer for study . 
  while genocidal practices and displacement happened , it really was not what brought them down . 
  it is not to displace blame , but diffrent from say nazi germany . 
  the amazon in brazil is considered a place lost in time . 
  that is bullshit , that river was reconfigured by the natives . 
  chronicles have civilizations teeming with the people on the river . 
  tiera del fuego ( land of fire ) in argentina was called that , not because of volcanos , because of the fire used would be seen far from the coast on ships . 
  the northern parts of the americas had populations sized of london , and the aztec , which the spaniards overtook , capital was a man made city surrounded by water , like a giant moat . 
  what really happened made the black plague in eurasia child 's play . 
  it was about 15 diseases , wave after wave , whooping cough , plauge , tuberculosis , small pox , etc. 
  it demolished the two continents population . 
  many estimates are at 80 percent . 
  after that , what few were left were treated like crap . 
  i wish it was diffrent , but to the credit of those who survived , they at least gave hell . 
  many of the icons you see in north america , or names of military things , for better or worst , reflect how good of fighters some the tribes were . 
  places like peru and bolivia , where the diseases did not reach , have healthy native populations . 
  some tribes in the us fair better , like those in the northeast who pretty much played along with the european power struggle in the americas . 
  reservation in some places is strict , no whites or other areas , in some areas it looks like a normal us place with a heavier native population . 
  edit : umm , why am i getting downvoted ? 
  most of it did , but it was still going strong in the 60s - 70s . 
  basically the end of the boom was the 80s . 
  little italy still had italians , and was not just a tourist trap . 
  you still had italian hang outs for ex - pats that catered to italians , like now they cater to latinos or koreans . 
  there was still even italian designated tv ria broadcasts even into the 90s . 
  my boss was italian , part of my family is from italy , we had a few family friends from italy . 
  my point was they talk about the old country from back in the day . 
  they speak of italy as the one stuck in time , no starbucks and seeing a chinese person speaking italian was almost non - exsistant . 
  but i find this true with a lot of immigrant groups also . 
  it is not just italians - americans , it 's also italians that came over years ago . 
  i think that is a bit of nostalgia even for those who moved . 
  including other immigrant groups . 
  have remind them them that it is not the italy of many years ago . 
  he is an idiot , what can i say . 
  the political reality is going to be tougher . 
  i see your points , but i do n't see much getting done with him . 
  he is as close of a third party candidate we have ever had . 
  honestly do n't care about his tweets . 
  he can do it all he wants but if no policy changes , nothing is done . 
  as far as pissing off is , nothing can change that , they are hateful and will play mental gymnastics with anything that is said and done . 
  found my next vacation destination . 
  really , i am surprised by this . 
  i am from the us , and trump has a long battles ahead , considering many in his own party hate him . 
  it might be just a lame duck four year presidency . 
  brexit seems more dramatic . 
  do n't coddle him , my fellow americans are embarrassing me with there whiney neediness . 
  they need to learn to take a ribbing . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  aww snap . 
  from an american , stop being a wuss a take your ribbing . 
  find some intel on their stereotypes , then hit back . 
  so now continents are name designator , or not ? 
  so you go around calling eygptians africans . 
  that would be silly .
