  both have their place . 
  illeagle , due to some parts that are used . 
  it was a joke , although some places up northwest supposedly like it . 
  i think pickled fish and gamey meats are not that palatable to americans . 
  i could be wrong , i like anything , hence my post . 
  that is why i want to go to spain , the cured meats . 
  italian and jewish delis are around me , quality obes , but iberian meats are almost impossible to find . 
  focaccia is already everywhere now , it is a hit , at least where i have lived . 
  but it is treated as fancy bread , and not pizza . 
  if that gets the right push , i think people would eat the hell out of that . 
  people say they are illeagle because of potential choking hazard , but i have bought them . 
  maybe places are scared since we do have a reputation as a litigious country . 
  i going to attempt the zapiekanka , looks easy enough . 
  great response . 
  i found my countrymen really did not not like my comment on the kabob pizza . 
  so maybe i was wrong , but places rarely serve it , it never appears to sell . 
  i have seen it in places , looking dry and lonely . 
  actually , that is the reason why i think they would like it . 
  a lot of cultures have bbq styled food . 
  portuguese rodizio has gained in popularity , even if there is traditional american bbq . 
  there is actually a rodizio and american bbq restaurants about three minutes away from each other , both are always busy . 
  yes !, 
  sorry , i think another commenter said , not in the nyc area . 
  but i love falafels and gyros on a nice pita off a truck . 
  but not on pizza , looks horrible , imo : (, 
  somehow ducks are pricey here , even if they are all over the place . 
  for some reason we hunt them , but not eat them . 
  not to me , and i think americans would not like it , in general . 
  drunk , sure , but not normally . 
  irish rasher , i think you are something there !, 
  as far as as tequila , demand patron from your local watering hole . 
  expensive , but great . 
  our mexican neighbors know how to do it . 
  as far as the blueberry , sorry , i do n't know . 
  my state is cranberry country , but i barely eat both . 
  that pizza would not make it in the the us , but everything else looks good , and marketed right can make a dent . 
  pressgurka looks like something the healthy food trendsetters would like , while sandwhich cake is something that would be looked good in a potluck . 
  right now , i see tartiflette , flammenkuechen and carbonnade flamande being hits , with the right marketing . 
  anything with ducks , i do n't see it , so cassoulet wo n't make it , in my humble opinion . 
  jersey devil and skin-crawlers are not wholesome . 
  also there is always some witch thrown in somewhere , sure that may be european , but killing a few accused of witchery in the colonial period helped up the game . 
  using gate as a suffix was happening us well before the internet . 
  it 's used almost to the point of idiocy in every scandal since watergate . 
  no problem . 
  all i was saying is history can be messy . 
  canada is a bit like scotland but different , and even in the commonwealth , canada had pretty much a soviergn government for much of it 's exsistance . 
  1980s is a symbolic total break , but it was not really viewed as a colony in the 80s . 
  i would not call 80s great for them , but better . 
  in the us they were allowed to vote and so were women before first nationers were , allowed to vote in canada . 
  i actually brought up natives because it is always thought of as to simple . 
  as i said , i liked your points , and sometimes things are made to black and white for simplicity 's sake , which is not true . 
  this would be a long historical essay , so i rather keep it short . 
  the majority of deaths that came to the americas after the first europeans contact . 
  the european black death look like a bad flu compared to what happened in the americas . 
  an estimated 80 percent died from diseases . 
  these were not `` noble savages , '' the people the amazon actually changed that course of the river , the aztec capital was basically a fortified floating city . 
  it was about 10 diseases that came wave after wave of death . 
  eurasians were much exposed to much more diseases and had time to adjust . 
  syphilis was the only one , off the top of my head , that injured eurasians . 
  canada treated the first nationers like shit , regardless of commonwealth status , like australia did to the aboriginals . 
  mexico may have treated certain natives worst , where they even allied with texas in war against mexico . 
  many native powers also played the alliance game , unfortunately they came out on the wrong side . 
  source , me , and my studies . 
  i do n't think my reply is not far from the mainstream of historians/anthropologists . 
  good stuff , but americans also get shitted on for killing tge native americans . 
  first , the majority of deaths happened by first waves of europeans . 
  secondly , many years had passed after that and the territories were under european control . 
  after the americas started to gain independence , other countries like canada and mexico did pretty much the same . 
  ugly part of us history , but not exclusive to it in the continent . 
  hey , since you are closer , can you tell china to stop watching micheal bay movies , we are also sick of his bullshit . 
  i always wondered how uncultured and cowboy can be in the same sentence . 
  is n't cowboy a culture ? 
  i always wished others knew of how cowboys were kind of a cultural thing in all of the americas like the argentinian guachos or mexican rancheros . 
  amd not even ironically , our own citizens are starting to believe them also . 
  after braveheart , we had trainspotting bring us up to speed . 
  no pirlo in the mix ? 
  you listed tv shows people mock in the us . 
  interesting . 
  mcdonald 's is sort of a dying brand in the us . 
  when i mean dying , i mean it is everywhere , so it 's not being down , but sales and competitors have made a dent . 
  actually the majority of voters are independents . 
  the whole political process that is seen on tv is giant cheerleading , is for president . 
  guliani and chris christie are well known republica figures that were part of trump 's team . 
  guliani was mayor of a very liberal city in nyc and christie is governer of new jersey . 
  mitt romney who ran against obama the second time was governor of massachusetts , another very democratic state . 
  you will see a lot of democratic officials voted in the republican states . 
  i agree with the drinking age , but it never really stopped anyone , especially in university . 
  universal health care , that is not really a freedom , that is a service provided by the government . 
  if you heard trump 's state of the union , he was sounding a bit isolationist about policing internationally . 
  i would be interested at what freedoms lack , not trolling you , but i have heard this before . 
  really , besides drugs and ultra security on boarding plains , i really ca n't think of freedoms that say the uk would have versus the us . 
  `` they are just against police , government , employees , and such things '' o_o, 
  i know use the term to loosely now a days , but some might even call me a hero . 
  i would say 6 - 10 american dollars for a six pack . 
  some they charge more , limited seasonal ones . 
  it also depends on the state and the store . 
  so surprisingly the same . 
  i would send over the christmas pack , i find it very good in quality , variety , and price good for what it is . 
  old fezzywick is one of my favorites . 
  are you trying to cause an international incident ?
