  here is the thing , the reason they are called americans , is because that is how the name of the country ends . 
  even people from latin america call them americanos . 
  if it was the united states of colombia , they would be called colombians . 
  no one goes around calling the people in the republic of china republicans . 
  the continent has nothing to do with your country 's people 's names . 
  the us just happens to share the name of the continent , just indians shares the name of the sub - continent . 
  simple as that . 
  continents are arbitrary anyway , europe is the butt or the head of asia , how does it get it 's its own status is beyond me . 
  it is referred to as the sub-continent of india . 
  no fan of trump , but not convinced about this . 
  if berlusconi can lead , so can trump , so far . 
  what will millions protest do ? 
  if he has done nothing illegal , he is presixent , no matter how loathsome . 
  i think the better example would be gangs . 
  who grooms these radicals them and teaches them of these ways . 
  there are others , who promise them something more whether it is glory , material or `` spiritual '' wealth . 
  school shooters really are dead men walking , they will shoot themselves or know that this is it . 
  so under your logic you must call people from bangladesh and pakistan indians . 
  how is that working out ? 
  also , call a mexican or canadian an american , see how far that gets you . 
  smoking in the states is viewed as weak and addict . 
  it is even viewed a bit like something that poor people do , or you have no self control . 
  not to say people wo n't have a cigar or cigarette when having drinks or on occasion . 
  now vaping , that is taking off ion the states . 
  you are seeing an increase in stores and usage . 
  the guy was willing to pay ten bucks for the dead pig , what was that back in the day , couple hundreds of dollars . 
  the irish guy wanted to extort him for 100 . the guy replied `` it is up to you to keep your potatoes out of my pig . '', 
  them be fighting words . 
  well , not for lack of trying . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/shawn_nelson_ ( plumber ) #tank _ rampage, 
  google labs is probably working on it already : ), 
  drive through wedding in last vegas . 
  as an american , i never ate or met someone who has that . 
  i learning more about america in this thread than living here . 
  sorry , i may euro tastes due to being only first generation , but a fall sunday afternoon with american football , cheap beer , snacks on that thing , maybe nap a bit between the early and late games . 
  europeans may scoff , but trust me , it 's soul food before going back to work the next day . 
  i never heard of that before . 
  ugh , american here , can confirm this made me react like pavlov 's dog . 
  i am not a pick - up or car guy , but these pictures made me proud to be american , 
  and new yorkers and college students . 
  there are no drive through grocery stores , but you probably have an american entrepreneur an idea . 
  i never said that it is unsafe . 
  i am saying that the perception extends beyond just americans . 
  one thing to note , is we talk about guns in the us , shootings . 
  i even heard babies shooting people . 
  a baby shooting someone , and i have lived in the northeast all my life , would be more sensational in say nyc , where we expect terrorist attacks . 
  we had a recently . 
  sad how it is now just `` normal . '', 
  on a personal level , terrorist attacks have affected me more . 
  gun laws are strict in a large part ofurban tourist areas . 
  also , remember , terror happens in tourist areas with a lot of foreigners . 
  so unless you are planning to go bully a potential school shooter , or plan on going to trouble spots where gangs or meth are prevalent , no problem with guns . 
  i do n't think the new york times is fox news ( link below , hopefully mobile works ) and the oz and new zealand have benefited from the perception . 
  i would go to sweden , but would not go to turkey , and even france is questionable in tourist regions . 
  it is just to point out it is just not americans , i traverse immigrant communities in the us , we are not alone when looking at europe , especially compared to say 20 years ago , for the older people . 
  americans kooks aside , there is a bit of an international image problem also in europe and uk . 
  as an american , i feel your pain . 
  as an american , some of these answers were just to am amusing to pass up.the travel advice link is hilarious . 
  slovenian travel board poster was great.but be fair , just so you know , americans may be vocal , but do n't think east asians , latin americans and others are not looking at the migrant/terror problems in a similar way . 
  hey , latin america is getting a bigger chunk of travel because it is viewed safer , so you may have americans are kooky , but the japanese , chinese have been dropping plans to visit europe , they just do n't tend to post on reddit . 
  last i know fox news is n't really a thing out there . 
  so home to two fascist factions . 
  a lot of immigrants do create businesses , the kids tend to go to school and become more white collar professionals . 
  yeah that was overblown , but you guys did appear to have maniacs yelling at you about islam and lots of isis fighters came from the uk . 
  someone like ajhem chaudrey would have gotten his was whooped if he tried that shit in nyc . 
  overblown , but people were wondering what the he 'll was going on there . 
  it mimics the style of the festival in munich . 
  i do n't think it it 's meant to be harmful or culturally insensitive . 
  it really just sounds like a good idea . 
  how about them red bulls , 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i follow series a as best as i can stateside . 
  napoli is my father 's team , and since they bounced back up i get to see it more . 
  although i should hate them for stealing higuain  , i rather see an italian side win versus epl or spanish team . 
  napoli has real madrid to start , yeesh . 
  yeesh , hardly the de laurentiis cinderella story presented in the states . 
  not that seria a is that popular in the us , but the daughter is a minor celebrity in the us , so the recent history of napoli was incorporated in her bio . 
  i forgot about that match fixing scandal . 
  just out of curiosity , what do people tgere think of napoli ? 
  just kidding . 
  even if it is not popular , it is a pretty unique thing to have come out of there . 
  it 's your version of anime or american red cup . 
  emperor \\ m /, 
  you mean norwegians do n't wear face paint and hike up a frosty mountain to play black metal in honor of whoton . 
  booo !, 
  cancel my plans, 
  rock you like a hurricaine is a sports arena song in the us . 
  why ? 
  it seems like the only team that gives italy a chance to win the champions league . 
  i find heineken kinda gross . 
  but what is it with that beer ? 
  in the us , i swear every immigrant group loves heineken . 
  i would say in the us , for natives , it is not the biggest beer . 
  i am glad americans have misinterpreted oktoberfest . 
  there are restaurants that have events . 
  big beers , waitresses dressed very umm , nicly , big buffet of food . 
  it 's a nice one day of the year to indulge . 
  what is wrong with pretzels ? 
  pretty tasty imo . 
  pretty well know , he was a bit more under the radar with his comedy , daily show and community , his hbo show blew him up recently .
