  `` both are near worthless for society and both pay their taxes from spending the money they have . '', 
  there is where i get a bit ` merica in me . 
  i am not bashing any system , but many immigrant families make it big , mine are not big , but they made it nicely , even if they barley write or speak english . 
  i have a damn masters degree . 
  so a bit biased about it . 
  well , considering the whole premise of the thread was how some of the welfare systems in europe allow them to live in perpetual welfare , albeit in shit , it does not really apply to cameron county . 
  i was responding to a german who had a different view . 
  which m. korea has been doing for 30 years . 
  south koreans are more chill about . 
  i am of the opinion that we should show strength , but in this situation , just watch china keep moving further and further away until that thing goes full soviet union and collapses . 
  i did not mind the ship 's in the area , obama flew stealth bombers , but the original premise was that we were out of there and to quote nixon : `` we are not about to send american boys nine or ten thousand miles away from home to do what asian boys ought to be doing for themselves . '', 
  no where near as other groups , but yes they did . 
  i would say quebec has a lot of pull and attracted many north considering a proximity to france as say major areas in the coasts , relatively speaking , and the obvouis . 
  any time a shift in world view , many would not want this to change , creating tension . 
  i think the far right can be seen as an example . 
  would this be a cause of retaliation in your country , in your opinion ? 
  sounds like a lot like america in a way . 
  we should give you guys canada and you give us russia , it would be pretty hellush for everyone else , but sounds like we would have a good time . 
  yeah , some do . 
  the fact that the term appears in the name is what off sets it . 
  we do n't call bangladeshi indians even if they live in the sub-continent of india . 
  we would not call those from the republic of india republicans . 
  only some young and generally politically active people get offended in south america , i find . 
  most do n't give a shit , we could have been called columbians if his name got stuck on the map instead of americo . 
  watch what you wish for , we might become best friends and start to menace the world together . 
  for all the russia versus us , they are all over where i live , and chill as hell . 
  they might be a bit ubrump at first , but have good souls once you know them . 
  we might discover we are more alike than the europeans and their anglo-friends . 
  as much as i hate tipping , i use to waiter and bartend . 
  coming back with $ 450 in cash for one nights worth of work after new years ( a higher end place ) was something though . 
  trump has always been bombastic in his can do ways . 
  he built casinos and buildings that were yuuuggge , even if garish . 
  your second point is a whole different story . 
  if an immigrant bust boy or landscaper with no english can work in the states , but some able body bloke does not want to , i have little sympathy with that . 
  if you fall on hard times , yes , but just because you do n't want to do so is crap . 
  also that bust boy may be illeagle , but he still pays taxes on goods from what he has earned . 
  meaning this meager , but hard working guy is still paying in to support some leech . 
  and european tourist think they can travel from new york to las vegas and los angeles in a week . 
  i am not going to get on them for lack of math skills . 
  and they know zero about latin america , and think all natives from the americas are dead . 
  `` they tend to focus on the neighboring state rather than the neighboring country . '', 
  and our neighbors north and south , the most travelled countries are canada and mexico . 
  this is due to pretty simple logistical and economic reasons . 
  i never heard of anti-danish sentiment . 
  that 's strange . 
  stereotype much ? 
  i never said that they were 200 different countries . 
  i said they said states have different legislative bodies that have their own laws that do not affect other states . 
  they also have different political stances . 
  new york city alone has it 's own set of laws , and they look like they will offer free tuition for higher education to middle income famalies in the city , something not happening in montana . 
  you rather just stereotype and lump , instead of understanding that say ny state governs a population a few million more than the netherlands , does not govern the daily legislative affairs of alaska . 
  sorry , but it is true . 
  i will agree with you on this . 
  having grown up where i did , france would be spotted easily on a map . 
  it is hard to think of it , but you also also have to think of the guy who gave no shit in class and ended up fixes care ( probably making more money than me mind you ) into consideration . 
  i think your whole statement about `` certain states '' should really indicate how the us works and maybe you should focus more on that . 
  the population of ireland an scandinavia is about 26 million . 
  the population of two of the blue states , california and ny state is about 60 million people . 
  states have their own rights and own laws also regarding these issues . 
  nyc alone , based on a 2014 census is 50 percent atheist , and at 9 million people , doubles the population of some of these less religouis societies that you point out too . 
  and that 's a small island with a few miles worth of denisity . 
  if want to make money drilling in north dakota , texas or alaska , with low taxes , there it is . 
  if you want more social services , massachucets has single payer medical system . 
  retirees go to florida because of services for the elderly and no state tax . 
  we need to bridge the gap of inequality , i agree , but i have no right to tell people in idaho that they should have the same family leave my state has and if they do n't want marajuana , so be it . 
  that is up to them . 
  i pay very high taxes , but that is based on my state mostly , but there are benefits to that . 
  think in scale and how regional legislative differences and you will get an idea . 
  yes , a president and congress has power , but day to day what happened locally is much more important . 
  can we agree that at least there is no perfect place ? 
  the us has immigration from around the world , and many profesinals cone here because if you have the right skills , you can do quite well . 
  you also have to understand , states have different laws . 
  for all the gripes about say sick leave , my states have versions . 
  if texans do n't want leave , that is their choice too . 
  income inequality is a problem , but it is a world wide problem also . 
  send ships to north korea . 
  yeah , i do , does not mean his advisors do n't use him as a puppet . 
  you must have picked the dumbest americans . 
  french is history is taught to some degree in the us . 
  ok , so they will not know where tanzania is located , but france , russia , japan , italy , uk/irealand will be easily picked out , for obvious reason . 
  sounds like those shows where people try to ask questions people on the street to show how dumb they are , but instead it is just how uncomfortable and weary that they are being tried to be fooled somehow . 
  it has been like that since the founding of the us . 
  a strange fascination with the french , yet finding them a bit too `` liberal . '', 
  as encompassing a bit to much of a high society . 
  also the lack of immigration by the french did not help . 
  actually , trump ran as an isolationist , except for the defeat of isis . 
  it is a badly written law , someone here pointed it out . 
  once i get my money from a nigerian prince , i 'll invest in a small food truck . 
  those look good . 
  no , the op does not know . 
  the most adventurous americans get is smoked salmon and maybe a few people still like sardines . 
  i would try it though , i like fish . 
  i would say it is niche , and used as the poster above you said , for certain sandwiches . 
  in many supermarket , bakeries and some slow - fast foid places like panera , au bon pan and corner bakery have it . 
  my jobs cafeteria uses from time to time . 
  one restaurant i went to served it as a starter bread . 
  it does get butchered by some chains which may have `` limited time '' special of it . 
  it also could be that i have lived by big metro areas . 
  tex - men or mexican . 
  they are like new new york styled and traditional margarita pizza .
