i thought that the european union was suppose to allieviate some of that , or was just economic ? 
  laws on space immigration are minimal at best . 
  you can have luigi , but mario stays here . 
  ok , we will compromise . 
  he is italian-american . 
  not danger mouse ? 
  he is american . 
  it started because in the us , people had a day off after thanksgiving . 
  you had time to buy gifts for the holidays . 
  then stores started to make pretty good offers , sometimes even reaching 50 percent . 
  but once people cought on , things started to run out real quick and that is where you got those mobs you see . 
  now it 's basically a sham and there are no great deals , plus online shopping . 
  i excuse the video game kids though , they just want to hang out after thanksgiving and participate in something . 
  as an american , i can say this is spot on . 
  i saw the economy going to crash . 
  regular people buying houses that were way to big , owning multiple cars and maxing out credit cards . 
  the motto to pay this off , `` i 'll sleep when i am dead . '', 
  now some say that it was all greed , but i disagree that it 's not all that . 
  the idea that you will get a big house , and the value will just go up and up , your web site will be the next google . 
  it 's a bit of that can do attitude that bites us in the ass , a bit of the culture beyond frothing at the mouth greed . 
  some real down to earth people would suddenly have a big house and a big smile and saw a bright future . 
  i love how my parents tought be to have a bit of longer term vision . 
  do i have big tv , sure , one that lasted me 10 years , but i was happy with my old tube even if friends laughed while putting a helicopter launch pad in their homes , which they still pay for . 
  i do think it has calmed down though . 
  i am trying to think of a similar dish in the us . 
  maybe like honey baked ham . 
  it is only served every once in a while . 
  those americans watch to much porn . 
  kind of like this : https://satwcomic.com/i-need-mountains, 
  i get not everyone likes everything , but escargot is kind of a french thing . 
  like hamburgers in the us and sushi in japan , correct ? 
  you are just saying that to cover up the truth , so you keep getting fresh tourists . 
  yep , although i have are this helps pay for itself by way of stability and with security in trade , etc. 
  interesting . 
  i got downvoted for the statement that many americans would like to get rid of based to use the resources at home . 
  i think it is true , but as long as russia relaxes . 
  i do think putin is a bit `` pushy '' in europe , so we kind of stay there . 
  foreign policy is a bit more complicated , imo . 
  i get europeans who down vote me that the afghanistan war was positive , while the second gulf war was a terrible mistake . 
  ok , i looked up . 
  sounds about right for my region of the us , and some states mentioned , but some who do not . 
  so are you telling me all states should behave like this ? 
  lol , no , it is not happening , that is why we have states , united states does not mean all states follow what you think it should . 
  they can make their own decisions , thank you very much . 
  what is commercialized ? 
  alaska , vermont , utah or montana ? 
  what , you do you sit their and consume hollywood and ny ? 
  is that it ? 
  that is a very small portion . 
  the state of california has a bigger economy than the uk . 
  what is your definition ? 
  as i said , my state is pretty mixed , the state above me has universal health care for their people . 
  the city is introducing free university for most ( different laws ) in my area . 
  please explain ? 
  lol , i would would have thought the same thing , unless you looked like a government or say worker . 
  december-march it rains very little , good time to go . 
  i think many americans would like that also , use that money for domestic reasons . 
  do you hate mixed economies ? 
  the us is one , in a very literal sense . 
  my state has family leave , high taxes , welfare services , high contraction of medical and universities . 
  texas has a hyper capitalistic economy , low taxes , high production . 
  is that mixed enough ? 
  france is lashing out , but then again france and the us since the start of the us have be friends , who look at each other like a child at some strange objects . 
  culturally tied , yet far apart . 
  germany seems to taking the role of leader in the europe , as japan did before the recent rise of china . 
  current mood in the us is to retract , get away from europe . 
  this is nothing new , the us has had strains of isolationism in the past . 
  ok , but first , my question was not bashing anyone . 
  it was a historical perspective from a historian . 
  uk was bankrupt , france did face a humiliation , germany was in utter ruins and split . 
  the us fell into the role . 
  this does not mean a hero , but the same malaise that the uk felt after the empire , or when spain lost cuba . 
  that world order was gone and now now it was the us and russia . 
  now that it seems that `` world order '' is no longer the same , the rise of china , russian aggression and us retraction , do these sentiments begin to surface ? 
  i feel france is the most and lashing out , and germany is taking the leadership role . 
  i did not insult anyone . 
  i know i am not a hero , neither are my grandparents , or my parents , they got here not that long ago . 
  scary place , lol , it sounds like our people who think europe is islamic . 
  i was in florida last week . 
  i got accosted by a giant mouse , swam in a pool , and had some good colombian good . 
  the horror . 
  i was listening to programming on the radio , it was normal , educational . 
  it stated that there is this sort of relief by germany and france to take their rolls again as leaders in the world . 
  it also stated that somehow , even after the world wars and the fall of the soviet union , the us came out as the bad guys at the end , due to this resentment . 
  any truth to that ? 
  i am not happy about the accords , but russia has denied climate change also , and the us has every right to not join one accord , but still it appears as the bad guy . 
  thoughts ? 
  just joking with one of the posters . 
  as an american , seeing hip-hop culture by some people in the uk makes me cringe like when maddonna tries to add a british accent, 
  lol , just like austria-hungary just got fed up with the name . 
  you better stop at greenland there buddy , the canadians and americans might not be too happy at your vinland claims , 
  same here , i was going to see what the florida man looked like until i started to look at the titles . 
  i have to say , i was always mystified by that as a team mascot . 
  then some basketball team in the us became the pelicans and now nothing surprised me . 
  i responded to someone else . 
  umm , i never said it was for it , or against it . 
  i was responding to someone else . 
  i kinda agree with your post . 
  ok , you makes sense . 
  very interesting perspective .
