  well the ural mountains are north east of that region , so as the name suggests it is where the uralic languages originated . 
  indo-european did not come from anatolia . 
  it came from the pontic/caspian steppe area . 
  malta is quite a curious place to visit . 
  the language has an arabic base , but uses the latin alphabet . 
  apparently it descends from sicilian arabic . 
  it is influenced by italian , spanish and english , much like the culture of malta itself . 
  the place names are amazing . 
  * xaghra * ggantija * marsaxlokk * mqabba plus the written language has these really odd accents and squiggles unlike any other . 
  some letter h 's have an extra horizontal line . 
  this is honestly the only answer in this thread that sounds at all accurate . 
  lots of people here think they sound american or english , nope , you sound like you are speaking english with your own accent . 
  and that is much more palatable than a fake accent . 
  frasier crane ? 
  some old-money or new england americans can sound quite well-to-do . 
  not sure about other parts of the world outside of the anglosphere . 
  they can sound a little american , but mostly they just sound like someone with whatever accent they have speaking english . 
  when they sound overtly american is when they sound quite ridiculous and strange . 
  not if you enjoy breathable air . 
  and you have to stand up of course . 
  on the flight to india ( admittedly not from europe , but from the dubai ) people were using the toilet indian-style . 
  i know this because the stewardesses were very chatty and absolutely at their wits end having to clean them throughout the flight , eventually declaring two toilets no longer fit for use . 
  before landing a man refused to get off his mobile phone or sit in his seat , not just during the descent but actually as the plane was coming in to land . 
  also when the plane landed and we waited for our luggage we were amazed to see the other passengers had not packed luggage but instead cargo . 
  crates of bottled water someone , really ? 
  also , what 's up with having to give your full name , address and d/o/b etc. 
  just to fill out a form , to get a ticket to get on a train ? 
  does northern ireland technically have any ? 
  there are those who want to continue to be british and those who want a united ireland . 
  are there any that want independence from both ? 
  there are several other issues in the uk too . 
  the community has a bad reputation for women 's rights ( spousal abuse , education , grabbing ) , animal abuse ( from illegal hunting including hare coursing , to badger bating , animal theft , animal abandonment , cock fighting , puppy farming , and so on ) , and violence . 
  plus rural human slavery is now a growing problem . 
  i do n't know what the size of these problems are , but they certainly end up getting reported by the newspapers . 
  there 's a word for that !, 
  it is an example of a [ shibboleth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shibboleth ) . 
  there 's a couple of other double-r words that some americans say in a way that sounds strange to us brits . 
  warrior - as war-yer instead of wo-ree-uh mirror - as a really long meeeeeeeeeer instead of mi-ruh, 
  the name is n't embarrassing , but he was a bit of a joke figure . 
  and a quirky ( or embarrassing ) british politician . 
  well , it may be worse unfortunately . 
  http://uk.businessinsider.com/british-dont-think-they-are-european-2016-4 although on a personal note i doubt this statistic , since i do n't have a single friend or relative that does n't consider themselves european . 
  ok , maybe one . 
  cyprus is debatable , despite most of it being in the eu . 
  india for sure . 
  our version of indian food is considered british food to us . 
  plus there is over 1.5 m people of indian descent here . 
  shared love of cricket too . 
  perhaps if hong kong counts , then those lads too . 
  it was part of britain in some way i 'm not exactly clear on until the 90s . 
  plenty of people of hk descent . 
  plus we have the legendary gurkha army regiments , so nepal would be up there . 
  apparently south korea views us incredibly positively , most likely due to the war over there . 
  really ? 
  til so people can pay to go shoot a deer ? 
  hunting in the u.k. is mostly done by the very upper classes and gypsy/travellers . 
  we banned fox-hunting , which was very popular amongst the upper class types . 
  apparently it does still go on occasionally , and the tory party would bring it back if they could , but the public hate it for good reason . 
  we do n't have deer hunting , although deers in parks are killed to keep their numbers down by wardens . 
  but i do n't think anyone can pay to go do that . 
  could be wrong . 
  some rich folk shoot birds , this still goes on i believe . 
  people often talk about pigeon shooting , but 99/100 they mean clay pigeon shooting , which is quite fun and no animals involved . 
  travellers and gypsys will hunt rabbits , and possibly some very rural old fashioned people do too . 
  i met the landlord of a very rural pub who hunted with whippets which he said was illegal . 
  similar people and farmers kill badgers , but it 's unclear if this is for sport . 
  there would be protests if trump came to the uk . 
  he says so much bollocks , but i 'm fairly sure people have n't forgotten what he said about temporarily banning muslims from entering the us , which is the worst reaction he 's got over here so far . 
  but the americans are essentially voting for kang or kodos , so either way they 're fucked . 
  and since you are n't part of the eu it makes it difficult for firms providing financial services to operate from there , which avoids a lot of the unscrupulous tax issues . 
  the cost of insurance for thatched rooves is still disproportionately low for the increased risk ( which is very high ) . 
  the terms of the policy however mean that the homeowner is required to agree to obtain an annual certificated chimney clean , and some other terms . 
  the rooves themselves do not last very long , so there is plenty of work available for reroofing them . 
  hence we have real thatchers that are n't under threat as an industry . 
  his art teacher probably never told him the dog he painted had a smug aura that mocked him . 
  we learnt about your armada in school . 
  how one of the greatest sea-faring nations in history sent a huge amount of ships over here and did n't account for our shitty weather . 
  so would the toestonians . 
  so welcoming to them . 
  he cancelled christmas . 
  since we have a standard british english spelling , we do n't consider the varieties of english as different languages , although as you have stated - they at least sound different enough and use enough different words to be categorised as different languages by other nation 's standards . 
  i 've shown still game and rab c nesbitt to friends who speak fluent english but are from abroad and they do n't think they are in english , and do n't understand them . 
  as an english speaker , german , dutch and the scandinavian languages can be partly understood when read if they use similar words to us - even with no actual prior learning of those languages . 
  however a single word in a sentence can throw that off . 
  having just one name is n't really a trend worldwide . 
  even in the uk , people born to non-european backgrounds often have very different naming conventions . 
  example from work : a guy who is one of four brothers . 
  all brothers have the same first name . 
  all brothers have a different surname that they use as their first name . 
  none of their first names or surnames are the same as either of their father 's . 
  and their mother has a different surname to all of them too . 
  he also has bank accounts in two different names and was registered with the authority we deal with under a differently spelled version of his name . 
  it gets complicated . 
  historically , usa used to process european immigrants and agree an official name with them when they arrive . 
  hence many americans have abbreviated european surnames , and odd spellings . 
  have you been , would you recommend ? 
  i 've seen the edinburgh underground , and would recommend it . 
  it has quite an interesting backstory about how it came about . 
  also been through the stockport air raid shelters . 
  would also recommend .
