also , kidnap & ransom insurance is a legitimate product . 
  they have specialist negotiators ( usually ex-military ) who handle cases . 
  our firm knows someone whose job this is , through a business event a few years back . 
  apparently you are n't supposed to let people know you have the policy , as it increases the risk . 
  `` fishbone '' is one word in english . 
  ah , not heard that . 
  most people who are against the royals just want them to pay their own way and not be funded by taxpayers in my experience . 
  i 've never heard any british people say a good word about cromwell . 
  whilst not supporting them , i 've always been utterly fascinated by the conquistadors . 
  they were a real rag-tag bunch of adventurers , from all over europe . 
  he is n't loved by us brits . 
  he was a religious maniac , killed the king , oppressed the irish and tried to force his puritan values on our nations . 
  after his death they dug up his corpse and beheaded it . 
  a couple of months ago i went to blackpool . 
  fucking hell ... psa for all reading this never go to blackpool . 
  israel is great . 
  the people , the history , and of course the food !, 
  i felt safe everywhere . 
  there were a few minor culture shocks , like saturdays being very quiet , shops , restaurants shut etc. 
  luckily i found a chinese restaurant . 
  my plane trip out there was majority filled with orthodox people who were praying for quite a while , and i 'd never been around that experience before . 
  also you see the occasional young person in army clothes and carrying machine guns , as they are on national service and were going to/from home . 
  the west bank ( palestine ) was fine too . 
  i went to a few tourist places there , but also ramallah - which was more european feeling than some multi-cultural parts of the uk . 
  not a christian , jew or muslim myself but it was wonderful to see the places you 've heard about growing up , and visit the important sites . 
  the only let down was the monks at the mount of temptation who would n't let us in , as they had paying russian tourists instead . 
  a random man asked me `` who is your prophet ? '', 
  which ranks amongst the boldest conversation starters i 've had sober . 
  what about paolo negro the footballer . 
  is his name that offensive ? 
  loved your mega ancient ruins !, 
  malta has some of the earliest human built structures on earth . 
  i was a bit surprised they were n't full of tourists , but a bit quiet . 
  walking around ggantija was otherworldly . 
   elon musk he 's south african , then canadian , then american third . 
  king of bahrain has four wives . 
  president of iran married his first cousin when she was about 14 . 
  emir of kuwait married his dad 's cousin . 
  sultan of oman married his first cousin . 
  emir of qatar married his second cousin , and has two other wives . 
  king of saudi married his first cousin , and has two other wives . 
  maybe some of that weirdness is what royals all over the world get up to , but the iran wife thing and the multiple wives are really weird and not part of our ethics at all . 
  i 've been to the middle east , israel , egypt , palestine , cyprus . 
  great people , very colourful personalities . 
  most people anywhere in the world are just trying to live their lives , and are who they are because of where they were raised . 
  luxor in the early 2000s was a completely different place ten years later . 
  israel and palestine are amazing , and all the people i met of all ages and backgrounds were ace . 
  i like this one the best . 
  it depends on what is meant by `` colonies '' . 
  egypt was a protectorate , and only properly for about 8 years . 
  for most of the british period , britain had the suez under its direct control only . 
  after the break-up of the ottoman empire , which was wanted by everyone in the empire who was n't a turk , britain and france administered areas for a short period with the promise each ethno-religious group would have self-determination , which was largely achieved . 
  most of the nations-to-be that were under ottoman control managed to get out of it due to wwi by siding with allied powers . 
  the areas britain and france did n't get control over suffered horrendous genocides . 
  it was n't just a case of drawing lines on a map with a ruler like a lot of people seem to think . 
  we had the same group in 90s here in uk too . 
  same name , same yoga bouncing thing . 
  the bbc showed `` the night shift '' with subtitles about 5 years ago . 
  i 've wanted to rewatch it ever since and see the companion series that came with it . 
  any ideas where that would be available ? 
  one of our royals [ is revered as a god ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince_philip_movement ) , so there is that . 
  fairly high . 
  my job occasionally involves interpretation of eu directives , and regularly british implementation of other eu directives after they have been transposed into uk regulation . 
  if anything , our regulations in my industry ( financial services ) at least are stricter , and to higher standards . 
  as for friends and family , got friends from here working in the eu and vice versa . 
  plus friends from various travels living elsewhere in the eu . 
  we do n't have many celebrities chefs that fat in europe . 
  we have some pretty amusing ones : * manchester - was historically called cottonopolis , which sounds pretty cool . 
  plenty of other cities and towns have the suffix - opolis in their nicknames for various historic industries . 
  we also have some more modern ones , like gunchester and madchester * aberdeen - furryboots / furryboots city * some `` vegas '' towns : bos vegas ( bournemouth ) , staly vegas ( stalybridge ) , cas vegas ( castleford ) * hull - hull on earth * knaresborough - rough knob arse, 
  there is no age where you stop learning . 
  we are technically learning every second of our existence . 
  it is hard to put yourself into the shoes of another person though , and then say how you would do things differently . 
  we have about 200k filipinos in the uk according to wikipedia . 
  the only one i 've ever heard of is the dude that killed a bunch of people at a local hospital . 
  this is clearly not an indication of the people , so obviously there was no backlash against other filipinos or anything like that . 
  apparently , a lot work in the national health service ( nhs ) . 
  i do n't think his actions have or will make it any harder for filipinos to work in the nhs in future . 
  most of the non-ethnically british or irish people in the uk are actually asian , as opposed to european . 
  we have a significant amount of people from pakistan , india and bangladesh , due to british india . 
  and also a large hong kong / chinese population . 
  pakistanis get a degree of criticism in the media for various reasons . 
  indians are generally seen as very british , diverse and , integrated . 
  bangladeshis apparently run most british-indian restaurants , which is our real national cuisine . 
  hk folk are very well integrated , but ironically noticeably invisible in politics , the media , the arts , etc. 
  outside of cooking shows . 
  i thought you irish had a sense of humour . 
  were paeonians not thracian ? 
  is it full of fake irish pubs ran by americans ? 
  would paeonia or western bulgaria be more accurate ? 
  haha . 
  have you ever heard a totally non-maltese person speak maltese ? 
  yeah , i 'm a bit of a linguistics nerd so it all makes sense . 
  there has always been a feeling when hearing another germanic language that i ` should ' be able to understand it , but ca n't quite . 
  with languages though , i just want to know a little bit of everything , rather than learning any one other that well . 
  i have some swedish friends and when they talk to each other in swedish it sounds like the same general ancestral language i speak , but in a dialect i have n't yet grown to understand , rather than a foreign language . 
  my cat is named moomin . 
  this is also very similar to plato 's republic . 
  pretty much . 
  i suppose that does make it quite conventional in an eastern sense then , although that happens to be a coincidence .
