really ? 
  is that why london has close to 2 million illegal immigrants walking around ? 
  just pick-up the phone and report them . 
  nothing is going to change if you do n't change it . 
  i have personally decided for myself that i will do everything in my power to preserve europe as it is and always has been . 
  i want laws enforced . 
  that 's all i want , be it in my country or any other european country . 
  my people have fought the hoards of muslims storming the gates of europe for centuries . 
  i 'm not a fanatic , but i 'll be damned if millions of my blood died so i can wake-up to a mosque shouting allah akbar at 6 in the morning . 
  i do n't understand why the police is n't doing anything about it . 
  i 'll just stop paying my taxes and then sue the government if they come after me . 
  i 'll make a fucking class action lawsuit and our main argument will be that our taxes are being taken , but nothing is being done with them . 
  the police is getting their salary , politicians too , everyone , but nobody is doing their fucking job . 
  why is n't anything being enforced anymore ? 
  ban burkas in france ? 
  sure . 
  law is there , but i still see loads of them walking around freely . 
  again in france , 1400 illegals sitting there for a year , and they are still there . 
  i mean every single person who is in the country illegaly should be arrested and deported . 
  i used to look down upon on the us and their immigration policy . 
  i used to feel bad for the people being chased by armed groups at the mexican border . 
  now i feel more and more everyday that we should fucking form a militia ourselves , and arrest and deport these people , then guard the borders ourselves . 
  i really do n't see where the legal problem is : illegally in the country ? 
  arrested . 
  deported . 
  next ? 
  same deal . 
  until you dealt with every single one of them . 
  i do n't understand why the camp is still there . 
  this is a non-issue . 
  they are illegaly in france . 
  they should be arrested and deported . 
  that 's it . 
  i mean why are they even allowed to fucking camp there ? 
  is this even europe anymore ? 
  do we even have laws anymore ? 
  what the hell is going on . 
  if the police stops you on the streets , ask for an id , and you do n't have any and are in the country illegally , you are arrested , taken to the police , then deported . 
  i 'm never ever discriminating all of them based on that fact . 
  10 % of them were really great people , some cleaner or smarter than me . 
  some were high school mates , two are still close friends . 
  they have the exact same opinion as i do . 
  the rest ? 
  well , i made my case above . 
  i described racism ? 
  really ? 
  here i thought that racism meant : noun the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics , abilities , or qualities specific to that race , especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races . 
  if you 're a teenager that has had nothing to do with that ever before , yes , you do . 
  watch the film . 
  it is , unfortunately . 
  however , i did see an improvement in terms of education . 
  had two rroma colleagues during college and five during high school . 
  nice people , from good families . 
  i 'm 100 % certain we would get along marvellously , all of us , inside the country , if everyone went to the mandatory 10 years of schooling and passed on his/her own merit . 
  well maybe i 'm a bit optimistic , but it would definitely be a good start . 
  i do n't need a memo . 
  i 'm romanian . 
  the kind of shit they pulled on me and everyone else for the past 50 years not only gives me the right , but actually forces me to . 
  i can not not have a bad opinion about them . 
  i 'm not racist . 
  i have nothing against their colour , race or creed . 
  i do have a problem with their way of life though , which is based on other 's people belongings , well-being and peace of mind . 
  i also do n't like a few other things about their culture , such as the general fear of fluids and soap-based products , the frightening outlook of a child having to go to school , their own tribunal ( which belittles the local law ) and the almost omni-present pre-16 marriage , sex and reproduction . 
  some of them i quite like . 
  i do n't care what they represent or who built them . 
  i appreciated the statue/monument itself . 
  i really do . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.robotspacebrain.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/abandoned-soviet-monuments-6.jpg ) for example . 
  have you seen `` defamation '' ? 
  you should watch it . 
  that 's the crown jewel of false claims of anti-semitism . 
  to spark your interest . 
  an israeli makes a document about the false existence of widespread anti-zionism and shows how kids are indoctrinated from birth , with trips to auschwitz where they are encouraged to cry apparently . 
  imagine that !, 
  what does that mean ? 
  assisted suicide ? 
  you get to legally cut your wrists while a doctor watches and takes your pulse and tells you when you 're going to die ever 5 to ten seconds , until you die ? 
  i 'll have you know , gypsies are of indian descent , migrated in europe , and present across europe , not just romania . 
  but yeah , most of them were here . 
  i say were because we 're almost gypsy free now . 
  they all moved to france and the uk hehe . 
  convince me of what ? 
  are you implying that taking people from such an immense continent would forever plunge it in poverty , disease and general under-development ? 
  that was hundreds of years ago , and the `` kidnappings '' lasted for a very short time . 
  i think the impact of slave trade on africa was minimal . 
  what was wrong was this : when the slaves returned to america , they did to africa what america did to them . 
  enslaved it . 
  at least some countries did . 
  so black people had their kin as slaves . 
  not that this is unheard of , but ... 
  i think that ruined the economy for much longer and in worse ways , kinda like the effects of the soviet period still linger within europe today . 
  oh yes , we took their coffee and diamonds and gave nothing back . 
  what a horrible horrible way to rob a country . 
  yes , because it 's every european 's wet dream to go live in africa . 
  what the fuck did i just watch ? 
  so let me get this straight : wearing full-face veil is illegal . 
  someone tries to remove it . 
  that someone gets arrested . 
  shit . 
  it 's like getting arrested for taking the trash a random asshole threw on the ground and putting it back in his bag , since it 's also illegal to throw shit on the pavement .
