  eastern europe . 
  plus , the thing with running water is not that it 's not really available . 
  a big part of the country is rural and people prefer having their own well and consider the running water unhealthy and unnatural and `` why should i pay for it , i have my own well just here '' . 
  running water is available , it just is n't needed . 
  i was just on my way out . 
  more like ... scotland will go for being independent and over night , great britain will turn into `` alright britain '' - not that it was so great before anyway . 
  fuck off and get out of palestine , how about that ? 
  good . 
  i wish more doctors would do this . 
  pay as you go sim for me . 
  contracts do n't require id because well you have to be over 18 to get the contract anyway . 
  it 's just plain wrong anyway . 
  europe was a bastion of freedom of expression in any art or form , even porn . 
  10 years ago we were 10 times more liberal than today . 
  it feels like we 're becoming like the deep american south . 
  the uk went terribly wrong somewhere along the line . 
  and the most disturbing fact of all is not even the fact that you have to ask for permission , no . 
  it 's the fact that people actually agreed silently with this , and even more , are defending it . 
  that 's the scary part . 
  the fact that the `` think of the children '' rhetoric works so well that they might as well do whatever the hell they want with the people , because of `` the children '' . 
  because you see , at first it 's porn , then `` esoteric content '' , then `` hate speech '' then just plain `` we do n't like it , so it 's banned '' . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  are you in the uk ? 
  try accessing a torrent website . 
  never mind the fact that only a fraction of the material on the torrent websites is completely legal and under no copyright , never mind the fact that torrent websites are not just for movies or music , copyrighted , but quite a lot of other non-restricted files also . 
  that does n't matter . 
  they do n't like it , so it 's completely banned . 
  i 'm on a pay as you go . 
  i might imagine you do n't get asked for an id since you ca n't really get a mobile plan if you 're a minor , without your parents at least . 
  i just did it a week ago . 
  do n't even remind me . 
  i lost 20 # in phone bills alone going from one fucking indian call center to another . 
  why do n't you try doing it for yourself before speaking shit ? 
  i can guarantee you will be asked for an id from virgin , three and lebara if you want to watch porn on the internet . 
  it 's a one time deal only though so at least there 's that but it 's still costly , demeaning and scary really . 
  puts you face to face with the realization of how closely you are being monitored 24/7 about what you do on the internet . 
  and if you 're thinking about the `` child protection '' thingy in your virgin broadband account forget about it . 
  two out of three times you will get a prompt about how you 're not authorized to disable it and that you should call customer support . 
  they wo n't even provide the damn number , you have to search for it yourself , and their `` contact '' page is more like a q&a rather than a `` here 's how to get in touch '' . 
  i have been `` through the process '' . 
  that was the process . 
  that is why i described it . 
  this `` process '' was with virgin and the mobile was with three . 
  oh that 's rich coming from a country that makes me call up my isp , ask to be allowed to see porn , asked for passport scan and full current address , as if they do n't know . 
  if you 're trying to access porn from mobile , you 'll have to send it much more data . 
  not only id but also last top-up amount ( if on sim ) and frequently contacted numbers and all that . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i can tell most nations in europe from one another , yet somehow i can never tell a romanian from the others , even though i myself am one . 
  i really ca n't . 
  not by accent , not by looks . 
  i can have a hunch , especially for those in the lower class based mainly on clothing brought from back home , but i can never be sure . 
  i have an easier time identifying polish people for example . 
  no , i 'm not talking about the spread . 
  i 'm talking about an outright stated processing fee which comes on top of the exchange spread . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  have you people been to the uk ? 
  everything has a fucking fee . 
  soon to come even air will be on a `` pay-per-need '' basis . 
  did you know that in the uk any bank will take at least 7 # to 10 # as a `` processing fee '' if you receive money from outside the country ( even though still inside the eu ) . 
  mind you - this is a fee for receiving money . 
   the amusing part of your post is the apparent belief that any random jew could just knock on an israeli embassy door and say , `` hey . 
  stop it . '', 
  yes . 
  they could . 
  if they do it in big enough numbers , something might change . 
  because that 's how it is . 
  deal with it . 
  people will hate you just as they would hate any other nation for doing this . 
  you do n't get a free pass just because you 're jewish , and , apparently , hate against you is forbidden no matter what . 
  i agree with this 100 % . 
  it 's not about being anti-jews for some weird , racist , retarded reason . 
  i 'm protesting against all the citizens of israel and all jews . 
  i do n't care if you are actively at it ( in israel , in the idf , or whatever ) or if you are 1000 miles apart , doing nothing . 
  the very fact that you are doing nothing is reason enough for me to hate you . 
  you are the only one who has a voice loud enough to be heard , together with your other peers , in israel , that this has to stop . 
  jews went through hell , literally , 60 years ago . 
  today , they are applying the same treatment to palestine , although not quite there yet . 
  it 's no wonder they , the jews , are starting to be treated globally the same way germans were . 
  germans that they too , had nothing to do with hitler , and were living some place else . 
  this is how it is . 
  we do n't care you 've never been to israel . 
  you are responsible by birth to represent your own ethnicity or religion , and act humanely , and , if the others do n't , stop them or speak against them . 
  otherwise , you will be hated . 
  www.memrise.com is better . 
  bucharest is the safest city in europe . 
  because it 's one thing to pass a law in complete agreement and a whole different story to pass one forcibly . 
  it 's like trying to pass the law giving animals equal rights with humans , 100 years ago . 
  they were not there yet . 
  we 're not there yet . 
  some things are too soon and you have to make an effort within the population to bring about change faster . 
  as for your second question : because a referendum should be held for every law that has ( true or perceived ) deep socio-economic implications for society at large . 
  it 's one thing to pass 15 smaller laws that change things a bit here and there and another thing to pass this highly debated law . 
  because with this law you 're not just passing a law that will only affect people in a judicial sense , you are also passing a moral judgement for an entire society - and that moral judgement needs to be justified through other means rather than forced upon someone . 
  in my view , it 's equally worse to force a moral value as it is not having it as a value in the first place . 
  we 're condemning the world for not being accepting of this and that and then we forcibly pass laws and judgements to make them accept it when in truth , in this particular case , europe is a minority . 
  is it the moral thing to do ? 
  perhaps . 
  is it democratic ? 
  gay people are not a minority nor an endangered species and they should n't enjoy special democracies just because of their sexual inclination . 
  they should go through the same process ( and they already are ) like everyone else .
