  i personally would n't change the regulation in sweden . 
  i loved the quality and the prices . 
  i would definitely try solving the problem though . 
  maybe building more and offering governmental incentives for developers to build more such as tax-free property for n-amount of years if built there and there and in that much time , etc. 
  stockholm just needs more homes that 's all . 
  demolish the bell . 
  blame religious extremists . 
  same . 
  moved to london . 
  that was a big mistake . 
  but i like the money , so i 'll stay for a bit , 
  one advantage romania has over sweden is rent . 
  i moved from romania to sweden . 
  look at the graph again . 
  the difference in finding rent is insane . 
  i spent an entire year in sweden cursing and not believing this is actually possible , that it can be so difficult to find rent . 
  in romania you can find rent and move in the same day you decide to move . 
  as a college student i moved around whenever i wanted , lived in various parts of the city , and there was absolutely no big extra cost or waiting times or nothing . 
  you just opened the paper , phoned a few numbers and out of 10 phone calls you would most certainly end up with 3-4 viewings and ultimately out of those , a rent you liked . 
  however , the quality of rent ( compared to the price and the income ) is horrible compared to sweden . 
  in sweden i could get a room in stockholm ( bagarmossen ) for 4000 sek a month . 
  that 's cheap compared to the salary ( as a percentage ) that you also get in stockholm . 
  however , even if considered on the cheaper side , it was ( as all of rents in sweden that i saw ) up to the highest standards . 
  good and working mostly everything . 
  we had this problem too . 
  some dude claimed an entire forest , and some other family claimed ( and got ) dracula 's castle ( not the real one , the tourist attraction one ) . 
  omg i laughed my ears off . 
  this is exactly how it goes down every single year in romania since i can remember . 
  with one difference : we do n't hammer the pig . 
  we just tie its legs , grab it by the ears and stab ( just one stab , not a whole throat cut ) the pig in the neck . 
  then we put a big bucket there at the opening to collect all the flowing blood . 
  you have to stay there like 3-4 minutes until you fill the bucket with 2-3kg of blood . 
  then the pig , still kinda twitching , is covered in dried grass straws and set on fire . 
  then ... we do [ other things ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q6slnfp.jpg ) which i 'm not supposed to speak about . 
  ever . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  if i 'm outside europe and someone asks me where i 'm from i say `` europe '' . 
  if i 'm inside europe ( or the former asks a follow-up question pertaining to the exact country ) then i 'm forced to say romania , because people expect the country of birth , even though ( and no , this is not because of the image of the country , i 'm proud to be romanian ) i have fewer and fewer things in common with romania apart from childhood there . 
  education , work , friends , loved ones , home - completely another country . 
  i 've noticed people tend to categorize you based on where you were born only if you left the birth country after the age of say 15-16 . 
  if you left it before then , you 'll most likely integrate to the point of being taken and treated as a native . 
  that is of course , if you 're migrating inside the same cultures . 
  i.e inside europe , or from the us , oz , canada , nz to europe or vice-versa . 
  ukraine has enough food . 
  i think a better action would be organizing an emergency relief fund of butter for norway , to be put operational in or around november , which is when the norwegians run out of butter , the swedes do n't have enough of it too and the danes wo n't sell it at all , out of fear of them too running out . 
  the finns do n't give a fuck really , so we only have the norwegians to butter-save . 
  anyone in ? 
  actually , i think romania ( well , transilvania at least ) would gladly be a part of the austrian empire . 
  not the austro-hungarian empire , just the austrian one . 
  true . 
  in his mind , ukraine is the aggressor so everything goes . 
  however , in the international law , there ca n't be a casus belli because russia was the aggressor . 
  if anything , ukraine had all the right in the world to do it . 
  the army of another country , not even one single truck , has no place crossing a border into said country without a previous agreement . 
  i 'm from eastern europe , and , if anything , we kind of think alike whether we like it or not . 
  here 's my two cents : 1 ) it really is humanitarian aid . 
  or more possibly 2 ) the russian strategy is getting everyone suspicious and making accusations of military incursion . 
  they purposely do dubious things but in the end , the convoy of trucks is really just empty and so all of the accusers get a slap on the face . 
  however , once the convoy enters ukraine and breaks up in order to get to all the points where aid is needed , other white painted , very similar trucks will slip illegally over the border and enter ukraine . 
  this second wave will actually be military . 
  the ukrainian military , and really any other `` guerilla '' forces that want to fight against that will have a very difficult time deciding whether to bomb such a truck or not , and whether it 's one of those `` military '' or maybe it 's a humanitarian aid one filled with medicine and civilians . 
  and so like that , russia will do whatever the fuck it wants in ukraine , because everyone is too terrified to attack a white russian truck . 
  and that 's also how russia mostly works all the time , even between two russians , in bed . 
  it was nice . 
  we camped for a few days on the shores . 
  i thought it was the sea , only found out it was a lake weeks after . 
  mr_snuggels ... for the love of god , take this map down before daily mail catches wind of what 's going on around here and finds this . 
  you 've missed the best part : transilvania !, 
  come , we are waiting for you ... 
  a bit ? 
  it seems there 's a full blown flood there . 
  you still among us ? 
  dude , that car , what 's up with it ? 
  is that yellow thing the only spot it is allowed to be parked ? 
  is this why they mean by `` swiss strictness '' ? 
  yeah . 
  true . 
  polish , lithuanian , latvian , romanian , bulgarian and about 600,000 french . 
  countless spaniards and italians and greeks too . 
  the english however , they have left the building . 
  do n't take everything you hear about the uk at face-value . 
  have you at least tried living in london for more than 2 weeks ? 
  this place is a complete disaster with more than 50 % of the population seemingly either indian or african . 
  it 's a shithole . 
  it has very few good parts left , the rest smell like deep friend chicken and piss . 
  [ finally !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3tyim93.gif ) before he was sentenced , this is what he had to say : * i 'm not expecting to get a conviction . 
  last night i drank 2-3 glasses of vine , ate some steamed cabbage . 
  / i 'm waiting for the verdict at 12:00 , afterwards i 'll go home , take a bath . 
  the dutch one looks fucking badass , like a tank or something . 
  on the other hand , the locomotive on that romanian one looks really funny , in a derpy kind of way . 
  and you are full of ... well , nothing really , if you think fruits are full of `` sugar '' . 
  fruits are full of fructose . 
  fructose is a natural sugar-like substance , related to glucose , but it is much more healthier than sucrose or glucose and digested and burned in a different way . 
  they also are n't `` full '' . 
  they contain ... negligible amounts . 
  for example , you can eat 100 apples every day without going diabetic or getting fat , quite the opposite . 
  completely true , which is also why i left sweden after having finished a masters there , paid by them . 
  600 resumes sent and 1 year later still no job . 
  i got a job in london in about ... 9 days .
