the books are well done . 
  do n't see a reason why not . 
  except maybe some weird special circumstances ( there are always those ) . 
  at least in finland you can order booze online from those more civilized countries . 
  i 'm so ashamed , excuse me while i cut in line with my fatmobile . 
  or three fat guys and a bowl of salad . 
  the dinner is one of the fat guys . 
  well to be honest we totally are against them . 
  what ? 
  come on . 
  they are scoring by the country , not by the performer . 
  do n't intertwined economies already do that even without formal unions ? 
  i wish we had old towns in finland . 
  finnish booze money is keeping tallinn afloat . 
  it 's scary as hell that 100k is considered fortunate . 
  must be nice to have to choose between illness and being in a shitload of debt . 
  the logic goes like this : taxes = bad . 
  how can you afford than kind of money ? 
  the point is , the choice was theirs . 
  no such luck if you are in eu . 
  burnt to crisp . 
  i 'm afraid to take this test . 
  that 's ... frighteningly specific . 
  * it has to be a bear *, 
  yes but we ca n't have nice things . 
  we are children of the long summer . 
  i fucking despise cats . 
   in reality , statistically speaking , the average `` southerner '' employee works longer hours than the average `` northerner '' sure , but gets less shit done . 
  made my day . 
  i can totally picture this conversation taking place . 
  you show him back to his hotel . 
  i sometimes feel european . 
  then i remember southern europe and snap out of it . 
   to a higher authority to lessen bureaucracy/cost/difficulty so eu is there to lessen bureaucracy and difficulty ? 
  i could laugh , but instead i cry . 
   not everyone agrees with the liberal views of us western europeans , and that does n't make them inferior or wrong . 
  you sure about that ? 
  cultural relativism is bullshit . 
  there are things you do n't get to disagree with . 
  say , basic human rights . 
  it shows that we have very little in common . 
  nobody voted for us in the eurovision . 
  this means war motherfuckers . 
  yes and people actually voted for them . 
  several times . 
  what the actual fucking fuck ? 
  after yesterday , i may hate europe as a whole . 
  thanks , eurovision . 
  that pisses me off way more than it probably should . 
  how the fuck are people voting ? 
  i do n't understand any of this . 
  that 's communism for you . 
  first i thought `` is the entire denmark covered in tracks ? '' . 
  then i slowly realized the truth . 
  that 's just terrible . 
  everybody knows you need at least 2.5 m high wall . 
  i approve your message that turku is not part of finland . 
  but finns did . 
  pros : lovely nature . 
  cons : there 's nothing but nature . 
  well played . 
  finland can into aryan . 
  i guess it 's time to rewrite that shit . 
  if this is bad , the global exodus caused by climate change will be thousand times worse . 
   europe should get its shit together and create a common response . 
  but we do n't agree on how to handle this shit . 
  do n't forget , we are gon na make money out of this . 
  just like paying taxes . 
  i 've been triggered . 
  crippling lack of potato does this . 
  this is why other countries are beating us !, 
  word . 
  no twitter , no arrest . 
  you are correct and i regret making that joke . 
  maybe they aimed at france and missed . 
  i 've had the same 40 $ in my wallet for over a month . 
  well , the difference is that it was n't true then . 
  correct , but the flipside is that everything in russia sucks . 
  the army is no exception . 
  fucking feminists , how do they work ? 
  in finland , denying a man his spruce sprigs is an unforgivable offense . 
  in short , not even finns understand finnish . 
  winter is coming . 
  they found out that finland exists . 
  you are not safe . 
  burns brighter than the sun . 
  mines are what we need . 
  as the saying goes : sweden is willing to fight russia to the last finn . 
  finland here , shit 's fucked up , yo . 
  they realized this is n't a liquor store . 
  yeah . 
  i believe it 's because muslims are typically around other muslims . 
  it 's almost as if he thought `` we have a nice country here with a well functioning society , if only there was some way to make it worse . '', 
  and that sounds like the opposite of not getting bombed . 
  it 's like erdogan realized he is protecting us from our own values and decides to use that to extort us . 
  well played eu . 
  europe that can be bullied by a petty dictator is not worth anything . 
  eu has gone to shit . 
  or maybe it was always shit and we just did n't realize it . 
  let 's just say are very few problems which can not be solved using a car battery and a tire iron .
