  the question is , how an 18 year old beta male knew the right people ? 
  the ones prepared before the coup . 
  freedom !, 
  \u00d6sterland reporting . 
  you are not wrong . 
  keep calm and lose your shit . 
  is correct . 
  scandinavia is the dick , we are the balls . 
  what did you call my mother ? 
  i would like to point out the distinct and complete lack of solanum tuberosum . 
  i tried that once , but my lungs froze and now am dead . 
  yeah , the dark blue area of finland is the area where there are more moose than people . 
  yes , let 's further discuss the intricacies of dicks and the names thereof . 
  that 's actually quite an accomplishment . 
  is this bad ? 
  i 'm pretty sure this is bad . 
  happy soviet oppression everyone !, 
  there is a period joke somewhere there . 
  this is your brain . 
  this is your brain on brexit . 
  questions ? 
  that is not a long run . 
  that 's a short run . 
  this is a problem pretty much everywhere . 
  you need either good connections or a metric fuckton of luck . 
  nationalism is just extended tribalism , and has been around since the beginning of time , in one form or another . 
  i think the common values we share are exhausted on the current eu . 
  going any further would rely on something that does n't exist . 
  so relevant !, 
  yes but euro is more like a religion , if you even think about leaving it you will be branded as apostate and blamed for everything that has gone or will go wrong . 
  i too would enjoy a mug of hitler did nothing wrong . 
  finnish and hungarian are completely and utterly mutually unintelligible . 
  the similarities are somewhere in the language structure ( such as using suffixes instead of prefixes ) . 
  in short , this so called ` xenophobia ' is a reaction against the abuse of given privileges , both real and perceived . 
  we 're not there yet . 
  this crisis shit with its associated deals and agreements is getting ( or already is ) so goddamn complicated that no-one understands it . 
  this collateral seems like a bluff to give some domestic politics points for the government . 
  to me it seems that if we are ever going to get the collateral , europe will be so busted that in wo n't matter . 
  all the time americans try to dispel the stereotype of the ignorant american and then their * presidential candidate * comes and does shit like this . 
  i kind of feel for them . 
  well , as far as i can tell the euro is seen as a symbol of european unification and it is at least partly a political concept . 
  this also shows in the expansion of the euro as requirements for entry were relaxed so that the currency would grow ( like the amount of public debt ) . 
  the failure of the euro would shame a lot of people in high places . 
  interesting stuff , thanks for sharing . 
  that makes sense , the eastern europe has been in a socio-economic stasis for 50 years . 
  but i ca n't help thinking there is more to it , since they now could just look to europe for example . 
  if they wanted . 
  they obviously do n't . 
  and therein lies the problem . 
  spent a week in croatia . 
  30 degrees night and day . 
  almost died . 
  yeah it 's a common thing in the east europe . 
  i do n't know what is going on , but it seems that slavs are very insecure about their sexuality . 
  wh ... what ? 
  i think the mystery is solved . 
  americans might not be dumber on average than europeans , but goddamn they are loud . 
  shut up for five minutes , geez . 
  oh you ... 
  what is this deal with east-european states and gays ? 
  what 's their problem ? 
  air-launched bunker-busting democracy . 
  same thing here . 
  i am actually more well off now , mortgage interest is at all time low and i 'm not too worried about my job , but the future of the country looks difficult . 
  but nokia did that to itself by not innovating . 
  so basically you have so little faith in your police/justice system that you need to be able to use deadly force ? 
  sounds scary . 
  he said motivation . 
  burglars generally come in to steal , not to kill . 
  unless you turn the situation into o.k. 
  corral . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  edit : except it of course screws the euro as it currently stands , but it might be screwed anyways . 
  basically , greece is out of options . 
  it needs its own currency or else it is fucked for the foreseeable future ( it may still be , but at least there would be some hope of recovery ) . 
  this is the crisis of the euro , and it maybe very well be that the euro splits into two for the very reason you stated . 
  the north does not want to be pulled under by the south . 
  of course private companies try to maximize their profits . 
  this is not news . 
  but it takes two to make a deal , and the greek politicians on the other end should have known better . 
  i vote for numbers !, 
  a loose trade union is imho a much better solution , something like the eu used to be or nafta is . 
  it is starting to look like even the euro was a step too far in the wrong direction . 
  to me it seems that the current trend is `` unification for the sake of unification '' . 
  same thing with finnish . 
  if you wanted to compare to the european situation , it would be that every major city would speak its own language . 
  you do know there are 20 + official languages in the eu as it is ? 
  a city is one thing , a country is another . 
  surely people with cultural differences can live together , but this is n't about being buddies with people who talk with funny accents . 
  this is about uniting already existing sovereign states with vastly different cultures , customs and histories into a single political entity . 
  and that is what i do n't see happening . 
  european similarities are only skin deep . 
  just look at the current debt crisis , europe is already divided between the fiscally responsible north and the crumbling , debt ridden south . 
  the reason for this is none other than the cultural differences . 
  i fail to see the point . 
   but in any case , i do see what you mean and i do see the benefits of an economic union . 
  it 's the political union i do n't understand . 
  if it is to reinforce the strength of our economic negotiating power , the same result can be achieved without a centralised power base . 
  but an economic union without a political one seems to be a recipe for disaster , as one can see from the current debt crisis . 
  to me it seems that we must have either independent states fending for themselves or a true federal union .
