do n't worry , they 're coming our way anyway whether you want it or not . 
  last time i checked they were in small part of eastern ukraine . 
  which belongs neither to nato or eu . 
   why would they talk about an empty agreement ? 
  you are right . 
  let 's just wait until they pass it quietly and then it will be too late . 
   you bring me your personal biased convictions that are utterly irrelevant to the debate . 
  oh the irony, 
  people outraged by crimean penisula being part of russia on a map . 
  come on . 
  ukraine does n't control this territory . 
  i do n't agree with russia annexing crimea but pretending that kiev somehow has everything under control wo n't change anything . 
  there are lots and lots of reasons to hate fifa . 
  this is n't one of them . 
  golden sands !!!!!!!!!, 
  a place where kids go to get hammered during holidays . 
   if people want service , companies with an incentive ( profit ) will offer that service something something comcast, 
  do they need to climb on everything they see ? 
  [ send them to shanghai and suddenly they are on 650m building . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gldyth1rh-u ) ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  let 's be honest . 
  / r/europe was never great sub really . 
  as much as i would like us to live like a good neigbours , it does n't help for sure that you view people responsible for death of around 60k poles as national heroes . 
  i understand that you think about them as fighters for independent ukraine , however , you ca n't just whitewash history . 
  and about provocation , przemy\u015bl is just 5 km from ukrainian border . 
  waving upa flag there for sure does n't seem like friendly gesture . 
  now i know why it looks familiar . 
  really nice piece of architecture indeed . 
  and even if he would im sure it would n't end in conventional way . 
  oh , that 's also a reason why he wo n't invade in the first place . 
   over 3000 russians died already in eastern ukraine for minimal gain . 
  i would say that putin gained a lot . 
  making sure that mess that ukraine is now wo n't get closer to nato and eu for the next few years while reminding satelites who is the tough guy in the neigbourhood . 
  add to that skyrocketing popularity of goverment in russia and suddenly 3000 soldiers and a bit damaged economy do n't seem as such a high price for dictator . 
  come on , apples again ? 
  it was cool for few days . 
  i get it , but `` freedom apples '' is just cringe worthy imo . 
  just not that !, 
  what would we do with our jesus statues and small pictures of pope ? 
  send them to russia ? 
  they are orthodox !, 
  but obama said that poland is greatest ^ ^ * american ally !!!, 
  ^ ^ * ^ ^ just ^ ^ alongside ^ ^ with ^ ^ germany , japan , uk , australia , israel ^ ^ and ^ ^ canada . 
  really interesting stuff !, 
  im sure that / r/space would enjoy it . 
   eu countries are content with borders i agree with everything you said except this part . 
  eu is not in any way agressor but whole mess started because ukraine started to gain eu influence . 
  losing ukraine ( and possibly other puppets in the future , not even talking about russian neigbhours influence ) is not something benefical for russia . 
  im not sure if maintaining somewhat powerful state status is worth isolation though . 
  / r/europe is full of ultra-nationalism ? 
  i thought it 's place where leftists talk in politicaly correct ways about how great eu is . 
   not going to happen , because somebody wants to show everyone how big their dick is . 
  sorry , we are not having any war soon so you can still be actor if you want . 
  and when it comes to space ... sure spending on universe exploration is no where close to 70 's but to be honest moon landing was a dick waving competition as well . 
  also , it 's not like world is not doing anything . 
  look up esa rosetta mission . 
  in the mid november we should see a probe land on asteroid . 
  sure , mars sounds cooler ( we should be there by 2040 for sure ) but asteroid mining is the future as for now . 
   but you have no idea how many people said the exact same thing about russia invading the mainland of ukraine . 
  was it after russian puppet goverment was overthrown ? 
  i still do n't think that putin will invade western part of ukraine . 
  there is not much to gain from that . 
  yeah , sorry for not nuking moscow for you . 
   but an invasion of ukraine sounded even more far-fetched two years ago . 
  not really . 
  especially with puppet goverment of ukraine being removed . 
  i do n't think that risk of war with russia is big . 
  from what i see putin does n't seem interested in eu and nato countries . 
  invasion of ukraine looks more like protection of interests . 
  no matter how unmorral it may seem it was logical move . 
  war with west however would n't be one . 
  most of poles , especially younger ones , usually do n't have negative feelings toward germans . 
  sure we can joke about them a bit but nothing serious . 
  add to that many germans having families in poland and reverse . 
  germans also left their past behind and are apologizing for it on every possible occasion . 
  russians on the other hand ... 
  one day it probably will but i hope that we wo n't see it in next 20 years . 
  i do n't know . 
  internet would be quite boring place without all those crazy ruskies . 
  i better call great duchy of mazovia then !, 
  new commonwealth ? 
  ** new commonwealth !!!!!!!, 
  no shit sure russians could reach warsaw in 2 days . 
  it 's not big achievment after all . 
  problems starts after you cross visula . 
  war of xxi century is nothing like 70 years ago . 
  to win you need air superiority and precise weapons . 
  russians does n't have neither and we have nato . 
  of course it all does n't matter at the end when icbms start flying . 
  there is centre of europe in poland , hungary , belarus and estonia as well . 
  looks like no one wants to be called eastern european . 
  whatever , voleyball is better anyway ^ ^ ^ ^ congratulations, 
  it does n't change responsibility to france . 
  you ca n't just say `` i ca n't deal with this problem '' and do nothing . 
  yeah , because it always worked so well . 
  especially for french themselves . 
  i live near [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kampinos_national_park ) small forest , so a trip or two per week for some wood should n't be a big problem . 
  this will be funny winter . 
  should i start warming my coal already ? 
  i have no idea what it was but it looks like [ this ] ( https://horitzonsllunyans.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/p1190079-bret.jpg ) .
