ahaha that is so fucking disgusting . 
  google ` dogging ' for more info . 
  well , they kind of brought it on themselves tbh, 
  i 've found that most of the time if you google it you 'll get a decent fix , most of the time if you do n't know what you 're doing copy and paste some command lines from the ubuntu forums and you 're done . 
  for a country that is already having chronically high unemployment this is ** not ** good . 
  for instance in my country with a low rate of unemployment and awesome economy when we had a huge drought a bunch of farmers committed suicide - not even subsidies stopped a bunch of farmers killing themselves and it 's not as if they can expect to sell their land for much when it 's most likely in a rural area/they 've had it in their families for ages . 
  it 's a really big deal : http://www.abc.net.au/news/2008-08-19/farmers-suicide-rates-double-national-average-study/482170 http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-10-23/fears-queenslands-drought-will-lead-to-more-farmer-suicides/5041148 http://www.fwi.co.uk/articles/22/02/2014/143408/farmer-suicide-rate-climbs-in-australian-drought.htm the worst thing about this is that climate change is only going to make cases like this worse . 
  this is kind of the problem with microsoft , they never really have much pressure to improve because most people do n't really have any other choice in operating system . 
  i think that apart from xbox most of microsofts other ventures have fallen flat on their face because microsoft is n't really competitive or innovative anymore . 
  they also engage in ` rent seeking behavior ' ie : xbox live subscription . 
  before the horrible games for windows live failed they also tried to charge money for pc users to use their windows live online features by charging for a subscription : / despite steam offering it 's whole suite of awesome shit for free . 
  those licenses cost a lot of money and for what they 're doing linux is good enough , hopefully linux can take over most office type jobs . 
  once you 've used linux for a while it 's pretty hard to go back to windows , i only have windows installed for steam and even then if it 's easily i 'll use wine to run the game in linux because booting into windows is something i 'd prefer to avoid . 
  not that i 'm bashing windows , it 's perfectly capable - and i 'm guilty of pirating it every time i ever want to install it i just think that it 's an expenditure that the taxpayers could easily avoid , linux is also a lot more secure and computers running linux have crazy amount of uptime . 
  it 's true though , especially on the canadian side, 
  to be fair , he is from the us and congress is notorious for doing nothing with constant sub 10 % approval ratings : / i think that the majority of other democracies are a lot less partisan . 
  harper and his creed are trying to do as much damage as possible before they never get elected again because his demographic are too old to make it down to the polls in the snow :d, 
  every australian understands how it feels to be fucked by bad internet policy . 
   consumer protection ngo lobbyists i love the eu , they actually seem to have some semblance of power and respect there . 
  those discussing this agreement have already been brought and paid for a long time ago and if we 're going by most modern democracy standards they 're probably representing the wishes of their biggest donors rather than those that they allegedly represent anyway . 
  sounds fascist as fuck, 
  thing is though the government has given up on really caring about these northern towns a long time ago , it would 've been nice if manufacturing was n't simply uprooted and fucked off overseas and if the successive governments had supported the creation of industries to employ people - instead large swathes of people and immigrants are being born into a society that has no need for them and does n't want to support them . 
  i always hear that the uk is praised for it 's ` financial services ' but what is that really ? 
  what is anyone getting from that ? 
  it 's just massive banks making a fucktonne of money off of interest and investments right ? 
  and i 'm guessing real estate too ? 
  it 's not really my place but i think that ` yes ' would bring along better outcomes for scotland than simply staying with an increasingly conservative government . 
  would n't it be good if russia got a progressive government and a real democracy and worked towards joining the eu ? 
  they were saying that but when they were saying that in the 70 's / 80 's there were quite a few pieces of the puzzles that were poorly understood - also , funding was cut pretty badly . 
  they 've successfully created a fusion reaction for the first time fairly recently and they are building the first fusion reactor now ( i think ) . 
  i think commercial fusion reactors will be within our lifetime , billions has been poured into it . 
  lol, 
  it 's extremely inefficient and hardly cost effective . 
  nobody does this and it 's only championed by fossil fuel apologists . 
  nope , if governments all decided to veer in the other direction we could definitely mitigate the oncoming catastrophe - of course some of the damage is already done but there are several things we could do which would sequester most of the carbon we emit and then some . 
  the big issues are funding , corporate interests and ideology - the technology and the know how are already there . 
  basically , funding needs to be secured and the reliance of some countries on their exports for energy do n't want to hurt their economy to save the planet , corporate interests are too far intertwined with politics and it really shows with how many climate change deniers there are right now . 
  also , conservative and libertarian ideologies conflict with the notion of governments intervening in the energy industries despite the massive subsidies coal and oil receive every year . 
  in many countries solar can sort out most residential needs and in very sunny and equatorial/arid conditions csp ( thermal solar energy ) can produce lots of energy reliably and very cheaply - storage is less of an issue with molten salts and battery research making small gains . 
  wind can produce massive amounts of energy and we should be investing in these much more than we are , onshore and offshore they 're great because if they 're built in a suitable environment once they 've paid themselves off then it 's free energy and it 's good for the environment . 
  other things that we can do is afforestation , planting a forests is a good idea because not only do they sequester lots of carbon from the atmosphere they clean the air , provide natural habitat for animals , provide timber which has a whole range of uses . 
  we should also begin the process ( many cities already have ) of urban forestation which basically means planting trees in urban environments - trees in and around cities can cause the temperature of the city to drop substantially and they also stop wind which stops dust , soil erosion and can be irritating . 
  they also provide psychological benefits and they can clean the air and reduce smog , trees in neighborhoods and carparks also make the asphalt last longer because the sun and wind ca n't weaken it as much . 
  there are a few massive projects that could sequester large amounts of carbon from the atmosphere one of the bigger ones is greening deserts , the sahara and the australian outback are two candidates because of their sheer size and because they are both close to sources of water , for low cost a seawater greenhouse can be set up in the desert using natural processes allowing for us to stop using up all the available rainwater so quickly and to stop overfarming fertile lands and let them return to natural carbon sequestering habitats . 
  saudi arabia is also experimenting and investing in csp desalination which uses the thermal energy of the sun to desalinate water and irrigate parts of the desert to make trees and plants grow . 
  if we really set our minds to it massive swathes of the sahara and australian outback where there was pretty much nothing before could sequester astronomical amounts of carbon from the atmosphere - the figures i saw were [ 8 billion tonnes per year ] ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/80beats/2009/09/15/to-save-the-planet-from-global-warming-turn-the-sahara-green/#.vbgfefmszo8 ) . 
  [ the sahara project is basically turning the sahara into a massive forrest and the first pilot test in qatar is shaping up to be more successful than they had initially planned which is definitely promising . 
  ] ( http://saharaforestproject.com/ ), 
  i 'm definitely sick of the cultural cringe here and i 've been sick of it all through my life , the coalition have been using the [ cultural cringe for years ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwiis_msehs ) . 
  seems strange when we live in one of ( if not the best ) countries on earth . 
  i do n't know if you 've noticed the ` cultivated australian accent ' where people try to sound like they are british - i 've always thought it was tryhard as hell and outside of an older generation who were taught to do it people still do it today . 
  what absolutely disgusts me is how people like abbott are monarchists . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  i think my family voted labor up until around 2004 and then most of us changed to greens . 
  in both countries labor is failing to pull consensus back towards the centre and is becoming compromised in the process . 
  corruption is also getting more popular within the alp and now it seems both parties only seek to serve themselves . 
  i think this is promising for renewables , wind should be utilized as much as possible and areas in the mediterranean should undergo massive solar projects . 
  i think that solar power and improved battery storage ( perhaps teslas gigafactory will make large storage battery prices plummet ? ), 
  could easily see spain , portugal , italy , the balkans , greece and turkey sorted out nicely in terms of household energy . 
  i would also like to see power storage on a massive scale like molten salt so that renewables can be made more reliable . 
  unfortunately spain was doing awesomely with building facilities such as this when they built this awesome wind turbine that heated up molten salts during the day with spare energy and then used the hot salt heat ( ~ 500c ) to make steam at night providing 24 hours of energy for free . 
  csp - thermal solar could be used in morocco and parts of the middle east to focus the intense heat of the sun using mirrors onto a pipe containing molten salt which would produce a massive amount of energy at a loss of around 3 % per 1000km ( i think ) . 
  north african csp could easily sort out quite a lot of europes energy demands and would eventually pay for itself and would still be viable in the winter and night time especially if storage solutions for energy ( like molten salt ) are implemented . 
  i guess the main problem with europe is winter and heating houses in the winter . 
  gas from putin is n't worth is because it gives him money and makes dealing with his imperialism harder than it needs to be , solar sucks in winter especially in cooler climates and wind can be sporadic . 
  i think that thorium reactors would be awesome for europe because of the massive availability of thorium , the safety of the reactors and the large amount of energy they produce . 
  of course europe is gripped by nuclear phobia and i guess i kind of am too but thorium reactors do n't need to be pressurized and for a whole lot of other reasons that i ca n't be bothered summarizing they are much safer . 
  there are two separate outfits currently at the moment one in europe and one in the us researching nuclear fusion ( fission is in nuclear reactors - fusion is what happens in the sun ) . 
  it 's hypothesised that fusion could inexpensively service the worlds energy needs and then some and we 're currently researching it  i 've heard people saying that we might have it before 2030 :d but who knows , could be sooner or could be later ? 
  nah it 's okay i regret the name now because i 've gotten banned from a few subreddits simply for having it but i was in a silly mood and could n't think of a name at the time : s, 
  i think it 's hard to us to understand such the abject poverty that is prevalent in parts of the ~ ~ soviet union ~ ~ russian federation , not to mention the kremlin controlled media blasting everyone with russian news and the low level of people who understand english can not access outside news sources definitely promotes nationalism nonstop . 
  not to mention that many russians have an inferiority complex and blame ` the west ' for a whole bunch of shit and think that russia is still somehow relevant and that ` the west ' still hates them for it . 
  we do n't , but after ukraine it 's obvious that the country has n't changed as much as we 'd have liked . 
  i think most russian soldiers probably buy the narrative spun by the mainstream russian media and you can see why , dissent is not tolerated and critics of putin are often beaten or arrested on trumped up charges . 
  perhaps you are really street smart or fairly identifiable as being from the region though ? 
  the wilderness of the whole balkans area looks freakin ' awesome ( recently watched a survival show where a couple had to survive in the wild in croatia and damn it looked awesome ) and i 'd definitely be keen to spend a couple of months travelling and camping . 
   meego was a shot in the dark yeah but everything was pretty shit back then  that 's some fantasy world you 're living in . 
  i definitely agree with you here , nokias strong suit has never been their os . 
  where i 'm from we have pretty favorable conditions for growing cannabis plus there is a large and growing hydroponics scene . 
  cannabis is also decriminalized/not considered a big deal so i was surprisingly underwhelmed by the whole amsterdam weed thing . 
  i feel like every place should have coffee shops and end the bullshit stigma . 
  but kudos to the netherlands for cashing in on everyones ignorance . 
  when i was there they were doing repairs - could n't even go inside : /, 
  is albania safe ? 
  everything i 've heard of it genuinely scares the shit out of me . 
  florence and genoa are amazing imo , italy is pretty cool because it feels like you 've gone through several different countries by the time you get to calabria, 
  well do n't worry mate , soon it 'll be part of your country anyway . 
  australian here , if you 've been forced to go to a grammar school , attend an anglican church and you 've lived in a mostly white area in victoria then england does n't feel all that foreign . 
  i wonder if there is a way to install android onto windows phones ? 
  also , i 'm sick of microsofts shit - they 've dragged their own name through the mud and numerous times they 've shown that they simply are completely out of touch . 
  for instance : they spent years trying to kill pc gaming with games for windows live and trying to promote their shitty console that red ringed and you had to pay to play online on top of paying your isp . 
  not only that but they 're coming into the phone market without any real tangible benefits for switching . 
  android will win out each and every time because of the apps , piracy and because it 's an open source environment . 
  perhaps when smartphones and tablets get more powerful with intels broadwell chips windows phones and tablets will be able to run native windows applications without a hitch and have a compatibility layer/skin that makes them usable on phone/tablet ? 
  nokia also might take off in eastern europe , southeast asia and africa because last i heard they 've started releasing super cheap phones reminiscent of the almighty [ one true god ] ( http://static2.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/is+the+nokia+brick+an+official+meme+now+_332a49aa7fb24a67add10e7513192070.jpg ) , i think this is admirable but realistically how the hell are they going to compete with chinese android manufacturers ? 
  they need to find a new niche and to make it fast , also do n't completely scrap the lumia like they did with ovi ( i 'm still butthurt about that ) because it will alienate the few precious users that they still have left . 
  siemens is european too i think , also til blackberry is canadian ( wtf ), 
  do you think that the current situation in ukraine has parallels with sudetenland and wwii ? 
  people are saying that appeasement must not be tolerated but everyone has nukes now , i 'd rather ukraine be russian than have nukes being used by both sides . 
  i realised after i read further down ahhh sorry,
