you got two ( kinda ) : bergen in north holland and bergen op zoom in brabant . 
  the first one is one of the wealthiest towns of the country !, 
  loads of `` rijke tata 's '' hahaha, 
  harun al-rashid and his army of missionaries and great prophets ... 
  such a douchebag !, 
  they already cut budgets greatly , so much that there is money to spend . 
  but instead of cutting in for example developmental aid ( which is wasted money imo ) they cut money in areas that are necessary for a decent future for many , such as education and defence . 
  what i am trying to get at is that a lot of people do n't agree with what the government is doing . 
  as said before , democracies ca n't please everyone but now almost no one is pleased in the netherlands . 
  their ideas are great , but the way they achieve and realise those ideas is sometimes straight up ridiculous . 
  for example , in stead of cutting back on managers in healthcare , which are in excess and over-paid , they get rid of decade old systems of neighbourhood nurses , which are personal , cost-effective and essential for good care of elderly . 
  stories like this makes me want to leave the netherlands . 
  let 's not forget geert wilders with his racist comments and `` we want less muslims '' speech ... 
  but what if you combine the two ? 
  if you vote for a party , they can form a coalition and a government with ministers etc. 
  but instead of putting your friends on those positions , place people with much experience in those positions . 
  the minister of education should be an experienced teacher . 
  the minister of defence should have done service . 
  minister of agriculture ? 
  place a farmer there , not a nitwit who lived in the city all his/her life . 
  i know these people must have political experience but i think we all agree on the fact that someone like the minister of finance should be someone with a high degree/doctorate in econ/finance . 
  i understand that ministers have advisors , but how can you solve an issue or improve a current situation if you have n't got any experience with them ? 
  it 's nice and all , but you 're tied down by so many rules and administrative nonsense . 
  many people are bureaucrats or what we call `` mieren neukers '' ( ant fuckers ) . 
  they take every single rule way too seriously . 
  the government is completely unaware of many of the issues there are and the issues they are aware of , they 're unable to solve within a reasonable time frame . 
  or they just make the stupidest decisions : just this week , the statistical organisation of the netherlands concluded that the economy is doing so well that we can reduce the taxes with 5 billion ( ! ), 
  euros . 
  but the debt is still rising , the military is non existent , many ate unemployed and the healthcare is unable to take proper care of people . 
  i could go on for ages ... 
  it 's not just avian flu dude ... and the reason why no one got infected is screening , eradication and the fact that we handle cases like this with extreme care to prevent outbreaks . 
  maybe there was no outbreak this year but there have been plenty cases where some flu or other virus was found and the farmer had to get rid of all his animals . 
  to prevent this , many farmers do n't let their chickens go outside so that infected wild birds ca n't shit on them . 
  if only :(, 
  if the disease is already there , yes . 
  but how would the first birds on the farm contract the virus ? 
  wild birds . 
  these wild birds poop on the free range farm and the chickens peck at it and become infected . 
  avian flu or any dangerous flu are problems in `` these parts '' because they come back every year . 
  in holland we have to clear out farms every year because of infected animals . 
  and they do n't get sick out of nowhere . 
  the virus would indeed spread quickly but it wo n't appear out of nowhere , which is what a lot of people seem to think . 
  the virus needs to come from somewhere . 
  spoilers : wild bird shit . 
  but not if they do n't get the virus . 
  by being in a controlled and isolated environment you are almost eliminating the risks . 
  and if they do get the virus , the chance of spreading to other organisms is small and getting rid of the chickens is much more easier , cleaner and cheaper . 
  well , there are other benefits of keeping them inside . 
  also , there is a middle ground between `` torturing '' and free outside range . 
  also , costs are also a huge factor in this discussion ; not everyone can or wants to pay for the expensive but guilt-free meat , including myself as a poor med-student . 
  thing is , hiv ( aids is the syndrome caused by hiv ) does n't spread through air or contact . 
  even through unprotected sex the chance of contraction is n't 100 % . 
  bird flu on the other hand can spread rapidly . 
  take for examen the pigs/mexican flu or sars , it spread like wildfire . 
  so hiv bad example and you should get your science straight . 
  what else can i eat when i 'm hungover ? 
  i need my bacon , eggs and orange juice combo man !, 
  well as a student i could n't care less about the chickens freedom . 
  i 'm not gon na pay four times the money for `` bio chicken '' because i wouldnt be able to pay it . 
  both types of meat should be made available because some parts of the population ca n't afford fancy-ass meat . 
  well , not everyone has died because of it but would n't you want to prevent that ? 
  it comes back every year or two and many farmers lose their farms because of it . 
  keeping them inside prevents them from getting bird flu from wildlife so i 'd prefer the caged chicken . 
  where do you think these viruses come from ? 
  two options : bird flu outbreaks everywhere all the time and stupid birds in cages . 
  you choose . 
  no they serve as breeding grounds for the virus . 
  but just think about where the virus comes from before you start typing . 
  there is a reason we are taught not to touch bird shit . 
  just to play advocate of the devil here , by not allowing them to go outside they 're minimising the chance of contraction of diseases . 
  i mean , free-range eggs are nice for my conscious but not getting bird flu is also pretty amazing . 
  stop it !, 
  if everyone keeps legalising weed , why would anyone visit us anymore ? 
  we need tourism !!, 
  yesterday i saw star wars for the second time , but this time with my cousin and little brother . 
  today it 's the usual family dinner . 
  one of the few times we 're all together so i really like it . 
  also , grandpa is 90 y/o so it might be the last time we 're all together ... 
  believe me , den helder is n't the end of the line . 
  the line sorta stops near alkmaar . 
  you do not want to go further north ... 
  haha !, 
  please show them how university students live in europe ... `` i have dissection class tomorrow morning at 8:30 am ? 
  oh , let 's go and get hammered on a wednesday ! '', 
  it 's hilarious to watch republicans respond to his ideas . 
  for me , everything sanders says is common sense but apparently its communism according to fox news ... 
  and besides , who does n't like the freedom living on your own gives you ? 
  i can finally drink a beer on weekdays and no one bats an eye . 
  that 's the nice thing about holland , i can study in a town the other side of the country and still be home for dinner on friday evening !, 
  belgium , it 's basically the same but with better beer and a cuter version of dutch !, 
  broodje pindakaas all day erry day !, 
  welcome to holland !, 
  breakfast and lunch are indeed often the same thing !, 
  peanut butter sandwich all day long for me and my student loan ... 
  if you think the people in rotterdam are rude then you have never met any locals from amsterdam ... 
  i know right , my neighbourhood is crowded with bearded hipsters with those nice bikes . 
  could n't disagree more . 
  it 's not like amsterdam , where everything is pretty and right in your face . 
  rotterdam is a city where people live , learn and work , not a giant amusement park . 
  living in rotterdam is great , living in amsterdam seems horrible ...
