  look up arable land in china , look up how much food they produce and how many mouths they have to feed , then remember that under poor economic leadership just a few decades ago china had tens of millions of starving people . 
  sure , they could go back to not caring about these people and letting them all die , but the biggest worry for chinese leadership right now is tens of millions of people going against the state . 
  there is also a much larger and more powerful middle class in china , better able to organize against the state , why do you think censorship and internet restrictions are such a big deal there ? 
  if china ever has a serious food crisis , the one that might come about from a major conflict with the us ( which produces all there corn and soy needed for livestock and other food production ) , they could have a serious problem . 
  food is obviously a bigger concern than more expensive apple products because production had to shift elsewhere . 
  russia could certainly help with certain cereals , but even russia must import a lot of food products from abroad , i do n't know how stable things would be considering china 's population . 
  my cousin is an architect and landscape designer that has offices in north america and asia , she worked for them in chicago and then was offered to move to china , thinking it would be a good experience she took them up on it . 
  as i said in another comment , she got a husband and child out of it , so i would say it was mostly a positive experience , but it is a very different place to live if you are used to living in the west . 
  it also varies wildly depending on where you are living , the smog for instance is much worse in northern china , and living in hong kong is a completely different experience . 
  most of the people are just living there and go on about how much it pisses them off . 
  my cousin lived in tianjin up until very recently , even married a chinese national and has a son with him , they all moved back to the states . 
  china is n't a horrible place , but there is plenty to criticize , some of her stories are humorous , others are just surreal . 
  for instance her husband was jailed for punching a window of a parking lot attendant , but he only did that because the attendant tried to start extorting him for more money saying he deserved it for dating a `` foreign whore '' . 
  she has also seen more public defecation than anyone should . 
  that is mostly what that subreddit is for . 
  r/sino is the subreddit for the propagandists . 
   of course . 
  it makes trump 's recent tough stance on china quite remarkable though . 
  anti-sino policies have been a staple of the neo-cons in washington since bush was elected . 
  our foreign policy with regards to sk , taiwan , and japan also show we have always had less than lukewarm relations with the prc , trump 's stances are not new at all . 
  did n't see any of the maidan protests did you ? 
  taiwan manufactures a ton of electrical components , so a destabilized taiwan would actually be very bad for the entire globe . 
  i work in manufacturing power supplies , a bulk of which is exported to asia and europe . 
  i imagine many tech companies in europe would face similar issues . 
  i 'm not really worried about a war with china though as it is really unrealistic to imagine in conventional terms . 
  for instance , china is really lacking in food security , a ton of their food needed to feed their population is imported from abroad , they would have a problem with many other natural resources as well ( probably a big reason they are investing so heavily in renewables ) . 
  china , like japan , is an `` island '' in a way , as it is isolated on all sides by pretty unforgiving terrain , it 's wealth has always been concentrated on the coasts , an effective embargo on china would be more damaging than say an increase in the price of consumer items for north americans . 
  other than imposing tariffs on goods passing through their countries , what economic benefit would you expect them to have from all of this ? 
  most of them are poor because they are landlocked , sparsely populated , and have terrible conditions for agriculture . 
   they 've been pretty stable and predictable on the international stage for decades now . 
   with america going haywire they might have to step in as the next centre of stability , xi already sounded pretty ambitious and open to the idea in davos . 
  from a foreign policy standpoint you make some good arguments , however china has been acting increasingly assertive in the south china sea for the past few years , from terraforming islands out of the sea to just last week sending the liaoning through the strait of taiwan . 
  they will certainly play an increasing role geopolitically , but saying they will replace american hegemony over the course of a trump presidency is a bit optimistic . 
  on another note , china 's economy is far from predictable or stable , there are numerous bubbles that could have a huge impact on the global economy , and as long as they rely on an export driven manufacturing economy they need all their western customers to remain healthy . 
  weakening the dollar by replacing it as a reserve currency in favor of the yuan would certainly not help them at this point . 
  absolutely , it would be nothing like crimea . 
  was n't he mostly active in eastern germany anyways ? 
  spend some time on r/russia , a lot of the russian nationalists world view goes hand in hand with other nationalist parties . 
  there were duma members saying the purchase of alaska was never legal and should be given back to russia , so yes they would probably love it as 1 ) it 's the us ' only claim to the arctic , which will be rife with fossil fuels exploration in the coming decades and 2 ) would create a lot more distance between russia and the us . 
  there 's no easy land invasion of finland , the territory is largely impassible outside of a sparse road network . 
  finland is n't planning on beating russia by any means , just slowing them down and ensuring maximum casualties that would deter any large invasion . 
  finland has enough security arrangements with other countries , that they would n't be left to fight russia alone for very long anyways . 
  then again air superiority was very important in the starting days of the first and second gulf wars . 
  maybe it 's not great at winning wars or counter-insurgency , but it certainly plays an important tactical and psychological role in modern warfare . 
  execute order 66 . 
  if they are n't more common , they need to be . 
  it was looked down upon by many high schoolers as the place the `` burnouts go '' , ten years later many of those burnouts are self-employed or making good money as skilled workers , whereas the liberal arts majors are still looking for work because their degree was useless in the real world . 
   yes you have top high education but your system came with a cost , low access to it trade schools are n't exactly low access , you can get a highly developed skill set from a vocational high school and then go to a technical college or directly into apprenticeship for a contractor . 
  problem is many americans do n't see the opportunities of some trades , despite the lucrative pay opportunities . 
   trumps decision now opens the door for the chinese free trade treaty rcep and chinese hegemony in ap . 
  sanders was against tpp and made arguments against free trade agreements to be adopted by the democractic party as part of their platform . 
  horses have always been one of her interests . 
  work visas are very different from the lottery , ireland has a visa waiver program with the us . 
  you can actually go through us customs in ireland , so it makes travelling here very easy . 
  work visas are a different thing entirely , and the majority of the burden of paperwork and cost falls to your potential employer . 
  i work with some engineers that are here on work visas , they do n't seem to think it 's a huge issue , but many of them are asian or eastern european , so they would be making far less money in their home countries . 
  post-war maybe , recently , i doubt it . 
  i know a few people though who have a german grandmother that married a gi following wwii . 
  this is also true for the yanks stationed in britain . 
  best milsurp cosplayers around !, 
  they really get into character , like really into character ... 
  japan works within us geopolitical interests in asia , germany and the eu are a growing threat as the eu continues to act as an emerging superpower globally . 
  i 'm going to disagree with you about cruz . 
  i 'd rather have an idiot like trump than a calculating psychopath like cruz , who also has religion warping his world view . 
  trump may be an idiot , but he is still stuck in the confines of the executive branch , the more he bumbles , the more likely the gop in congress goes down with him in 2018 . 
  trudeau 's foreign policy was completely at odds with the us . 
  not antagonistic , but not friendly . 
  canada had zero support for the war in vietnam , friendlier relations with iran and cuba , etc. 
  trudeau 's foreign policy was completely at odds with the us . 
  not antagonistic , but not friendly . 
  canada had zero support for the war in vietnam , friendlier relations with iran and cuba , etc. 
  well his mother is scottish , and he has significant businesses in the uk , so i would say his ties to the uk are far greater than obama or bush 's were . 
  canada 's relationship with the us was n't exactly rosy during the cold war either . 
  i 'd say israel had better relations then , but as an economic partner , israel is small fish . 
  very powerful documentary , it even mentions these religious figures coming in to prevent violence , it was inspiring to see the muslim and orthodox guys working together . 
  also shows how fucked up some of these berkut guys were during the protests . 
  i felt like occupied actually had great production value , no idea what the budget was but it looked very well made . 
  does n't necessarily mean the us netflix will have the same content , but given the amount of japanese and korean content available , i would n't be surprised if we did get more european shows . 
  rest in peace oo7 . 
  i can understand their point though , 50 years ago the places where corporate headquarters and server farms in silicon valley of today were orchards and farms or just empty land . 
  berlin may be cheap now , but if it suddenly becomes a startup capital prices will quickly skyrocket as there is only so much available space , and therefore it will quickly become unattractive for many companies . 
  starting in the suburbs could be more promising , but then you need to consider human resources . 
  silicon valley just has so much already going for it that it would be hard to unseat the power concentrated there . 
  you guys have too many gay british celebs that are national treasures to turn against them . 
  it 's amazing how little it 's brought up in us media . 
  i ca n't speak for every state , but in ma where gay marriage was already legal for over a decade , it becoming national law was celebrated for a whole 2 days before everyone went back to giving a shit . 
  and right now , it 's never mentioned in the national media as being an issue , even trump says that it 's a clear cut issue settled by the supreme court and not something he would go after . 
  i 'm surprised to see how low some of these numbers are . 
  a well rounded diet is easily more nutritious than a limited one . 
  not rocket science . 
  b12 is only abundant in an animal protein rich diet , vegans are always warned by doctors about b12 deficiency because it can cause serious health problems . 
  vitamin d is also harder to get with a vegan diet . 
  i do n't have a problem with vegans and gluten free people necessarily , however it is much easier to have nutritional deficiencies with those diets , and i know far too many people that do n't seem to know shit about the diets and end up eating like crap and getting serious health issues . 
  ha that 's why i asked , i love sigur ros !, 
  are dubs popular in europe ? 
  i ca n't stand dubbing , and if subtitles are not available i will actually avoid foreign language films because the dubbing is often so poor . 
  voice acting in anime/games is passable for many titles , but live action dubs are usually bad . 
  sigur ros is from iceland , one of my favorite bands . 
  they have some really disgusting traditional food , but that 's due in part to the harsh climate , poor growing conditions , and remoteness . 
  lots of geothermal activity , famous hot springs , parts of iceland are very dark in winter due to the proximity to the arctic circle .
