  even without any support the rebels would continue fighting for years , they do n't need the training or equipment from the west as evidenced by plenty of insurgencies outside syria . 
  not to mention you have billionaires in saudi arabia giving plenty of financial support to the sunni groups . 
  i wo n't say this is completely wrong , but there is a reason for a lot of christian/catholic refugees , and that is simply that many churches and christian charity groups will specifically work around helping refugees escape their countries and immigrate to the us . 
  exactly , even being an `` ally '' of some countries can get you screwed over , just look at the non-aggression pact that the soviet union had with germany . 
  what alarms me is your douchebag puppet saying russia can turn the us into ash and that crimea has `` always been russian '' . 
  i would be alarmed if nato did nothing in response to the past month of aggression . 
  it does n't help that russian jets are flying in finnish airspace and members of the government are saying russians in the baltics are at risk . 
  at least glenn beck has been run out for the most part , he got to extreme for fox news , which says a lot about the shit he said . 
  no i suppose not , but have the ramifications of scottish independence and it 's impact on nato been fully explored yet ? 
  last i read an independent scotland said it would appreciate a removal of nuclear weapons from it 's territory and could vastly impact the british military . 
  so i am not worried about the uk leaving the eu as much as i am thinking about the possibility of the uk simply not existing in it 's current state at all . 
  it is n't just the economy , britain 's geography is a huge part of it 's geopolitical importance . 
  it 's isolation as an island gives it a lot of military strength over the continent . 
  agree completely , the uk also has a sizeable military for western europe that forms a strategic part of nato and has a decent chunk of europe 's nuclear deterence as well . 
  this as well as britain 's economy make it a very necessary part of the eu 's backbone . 
  if you read the grand chessboard it shows that the us should be china 's natural ally , and we probably would be much closer to them if it were n't for our power projection through japan . 
  arms build-up , i still think war is far off in everyone 's minds , the last thing russia wants is a conventional war with a unified europe and the united states . 
  putin is just playing the strong man , he got the west to back out of syria and now wants to see how far he can go before shit really hits the fan . 
  reagan zombie is coming . 
  kekkonen was a big fan of neutrality with east and west . 
  you must be the least funny person in the us . 
  seems like putin screwed himself , not only is nato bolstered but the us must reconsider it 's entire asian pivot , which i think it should anyways as china is too much of an economic partner to worry about militarily , i also believe the internal problems of china will always keep it from attempting expansion and there military is still decades away from the power projection that russia is already attempting to show the world . 
  uh-huh and if we keep the a-10 in service just a wee-bit longer then all those tanks will still have to worry about air power , the a-10 was designed especially to chew threw t-72s . 
  not to mention apaches and even the eurotiger would pose a significant threat , there is no way in a conventional war that russia could gain air superiority . 
  so nato should check it 's privelage ? 
  commie . 
   carriers as implements of oppression but-but they were building a few carriers , and the kuznetsov is a large carrier !, 
  they merely said that because they were probably too poor to build anything like the nimitz class and wanted to hide their butthurt . 
  not when you consider soviet military doctrine vs. 
  us military doctrine , the united states has always placed as a higher priority a combination of sea and air strength for it 's power projection , hence why the us has more aircraft carriers than any country and the largest and most sophisticate navy , while we have a lot of tanks it requires expensive overseas bases to house them and transportation in large numbers is relatively difficult so significant invasions of countries require a lot of planning . 
  now soviet military doctrine was much more land-based since it spans most of eurasia they could launch an invasion anywhere with mobile land forces , there power projection into western europe should shtf was to simply zerg rush the continent with tanks and attack helicopters . 
  today the us probably does realistically have more tanks though , as many of the russian numbers are probably inflated with obsolete and non combat ready equipment . 
  the russians developed a bomb so powerful they were afraid of even testing it , they thought it could push the earth out of it 's normal orbit or set the atmosphere on fire . 
  [ see here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amyyeskvhvk ) 50mt bomb . 
  18k that would be obsolete with zero countermeasures against modern mbts , ground attack aircraft , and anti-tank missiles though . 
  using those at the wrong time could mean a lot of dead russian tank crews , remember saddam 's tank forces ? 
  rather have it and not need it , then need it and not have it . 
  he ran on a platform of a closer relationship to europe but nato did n't want to get involved without serious backing from the us , so he used the `` special relationship '' card to sway clinton into getting involved . 
  sweden actually has a very capable indigenous defense industry , some of your tech is used by the us military . 
  wow guy , you realize bombing yugoslavia was a nato venture and that clinton was pressured into military action by blair ? 
  warmer than average winter , higher investment and output from greener resources , and increased oil production from the united states and canada means europe is a lot less dependent than some would claim . 
  i am not saying there would be a painful period but putting up with russian expansion for the sake of natural gas and oil is n't necessary . 
  this may be why russia is considering backing the iranian nuclear program to cause renewed tension between iran and the west , if the iranian oil and natural gas markets opened due to a thaw in tensions it could put russia out of business , iran is sitting on top of the largest natural gas reserves in the world . 
  edit : i would also like to point out that a boycott would work as russia is far more dependent on european money for it 's fossil fuels than europe is dependent on russia for energy , especially with summer approaching which means gas and oil for heating will disappear . 
  germany has already stated even with a full cut off of natural gas through ukraine they would have enough to last 2 months . 
  they are aggressive enough that russian politicians are going completely bipolar over them , at first they welcomed them as a joke , then they said their would be consequences , now they are saying no retaliation will be required . 
  the russian economy is not very diverse , a boycott of russian energy sources would cripple their economy in months and the eu is a large trading partner of russia , isolation from the global economy will be damaging enough without risking military escalation . 
  ridiculous article . 
  i agree nato could do more , we should go ahead and continue plans of a missile defensive shield in poland but arming the ukrainians just after a revolution ?!? 
  that is equivalent to the soviets moving missiles to cuba and would be a dangerous escalation . 
  russia barely tolerated the fact that the us was sending material support to questionable people in syria , they would never allow material support to the ukrainian government . 
  it also states that the invasion of crimea was totally successful , sure there was no military response to it but now the region 's immediate economic future and access to resources are quite bleak , far from a success story . 
  washington post is however a right-wing crap institution , and this is an op-ed so i guess we should take it with a grain of salt . 
  putin himself said the collapse of the ussr was the biggest geopolitical disaster in russian history , he is very focused on reclaiming russian power and completely opposed to cooperation with europe and the us . 
  our economies are already very tight , and we need no further integration , the trans-atlantic superpower already exists in the form of nato which now , after years of criticism of being obsolete , has a new purpose . 
  russian nationalism aside , the economic sanctions will be enough to keep russia contained to crimea , i think any further escalation into ukraine will result in military conflict which russia does not want . 
  i was responding moreso to specifically the time period of stagnation during brezhnev 's later years , i am well aware the soviets dominated the early space race . 
  their economy was definitely in steep decline , but they still had modest success in space with their domestic space stations , and they were working on a russian version of the space shuttle . 
  not a grand state during that time , but still much better off than they were directly after the collapse of the ussr . 
  why not ? 
  the soviet union was well feared and powerful , putin has always projected this same image of himself . 
  lots of russians resent the crisis of the 90 's and how the rest of the world viewed russia as a weak peasant ridden mafia state . 
  pripyat , because i am weird and abandoned places fascinate me . 
  it would also be interesting to see how the disaster has affected the ecosystem . 
  i would n't mind seeing other places in ukraine as well , though preferably avoiding the east until the trouble dies down . 
  us-egypt have way too close relations , a good chunk of egypt 's military budget is provided by us `` aid '' in return for them having peaceful relationships with their neighbors , primarily israel . 
  selling the mistral 's to the russians would be a good way to never see that money again , and i doubt putin is ready to take up the slack unless the russians wish to start making a very expensive geopolitical powerplay in the middle east . 
  because even if the entire syrian population moved to germany they would still be an ethnic minority for generations ? 
  because petitions do n't guarantee the passage of laws ? 
  because this article is obvious hate bait ? 
  it seems many europeans have gotten too comfortable with an illusion of security , the same problem americans had at the beginning of the 21st century , now that there is an actual crisis it was all too easy for fear-mongers to take over . 
  the netherlands spits out pretty decent actors and film-makers . 
  paul verhoeven has directed some of the most american movies of all time , like total recall and starship troopers . 
  we got the great b-movie star rutger hauer and carice van houten seems huge now thanks to game of thrones . 
  build more , provides jobs , better yet make it so that some of these refugees can help build temporary or permanent homes , pay them some money for this , tax it , have them spend it ( i doubt they will be sending it back to syria ... ) this would cost the eurozone money , but throwing them all in crowded and desolate camps , housing projects , and ghettos will cost you more and also create crime . 
  yup , in the late 1800 's -1900 's when chinese immigration was severely restricted and their access to work was also restricted in attempts to make the chinese leave , many split up and headed to smaller towns with little to no chinese people and opened up small businesses like laundry 's and restaurants , they ended up becoming very successful mostly because they had to adapt to their new surroundings to survive . 
  with refugees numbering in the hundreds of thousands it might not seem feasible to break groups up and force integration , but it would be worth it in the long run , throwing people in ghettos and marginalizing them will only create bigger problems . 
  [ u/chesterakos ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/chesterakos )  i know this man personally !, 
  he is a very kind and giving soul and one of the oldest bakers in kos !, 
  he is one of the few rich people in the island who cared about the syrian refugees . 
  of course there are other people helping as well but ca n't provide as much as rich guys so they do n't spark any news interest  he sounds like a nice guy to everyone and not some whiny prick . 
  if they 're americans they were led here to brigade , most americans that post on r/europe are good people interested in european culture and news , we do n't come here to circlejerk over ethnic pride and nationalism . 
  frankly i have been very sad reading some of the comments with dozens of upvotes this last week , it makes me think something is very seriously off with some of the newer posters , and it 's nice to see at least one good story related to the refugee crisis . 
  see my comment later on mate , this is a planet of over 7 billion people , with a world economy in the trillions of dollars . 
  i am sure some government/private sector contracting can come up with housing plans ( they do n't need to be fucking mansions , or even permanent , i can heat a shack . ), 
  and the clothing companies making billions off bangladeshi child labor could probably donate some clothing since they are part of the reason we have economic refugees fleeing corrupted shitholes with no future . 
   i just want to see which magician the swedes will hire to magically create good shelter for over 3000 refugees ( more will surely follow ) that will survive the long winter and the cold . 
  it wo n't be easy , but the government should have contingency plans for tens of thousands of shelters in the event of war and natural disaster anyways , if they have no plan , that 's shitty government , just like femas awful response to katrina . 
   there is also the problem of adequate clothing . 
  a blanket will keep you warm at night but these men , women and children will need layers upon layers of clothes and a warm jacker and good shoes if they want to step a foot outside their temporary homes . 
  if they are forced to stay indoors all winter they 'll go nuts . 
  clothing companies around the world rake in billions off the backs of cheap third world labor , perhaps europe should ask them for some serious donations . 
  h&m sells cheap clothing because it is made for pennies . 
  there are very simple solutions if someone is willing to face a bit of hardship . 
  not all of these refugees should feel a sense of entitlement and want whatever they think they deserve , but on the flipside of the coin i think many europeans have gotten a little too complacent with their quality of life and what they think they are entitled to as well . 
  massachusetts alone dealt with thousands of undocumented children showing up last year , it was a major crisis and in the news a fair bit , but one thing we did n't do was turn ultra-racist , declare our borders should be sealed , and say our culture was threatened . 
  i think you will manage , and if anything , learn from european history and know that marginalization wo n't solve the problem but will exacerbate it greatly and make integration damn near impossible . 
  i live in the same climate zone as much of western russia and north eastern europe , we have homeless people here , they do n't freeze to death every winter ... we also have good people who provide people in need with shelter , clothing , and hot food . 
  humans survived the last ice age in europe , i think they can handle some subzero nights . 
  there will likely be temporary shelters and blankets for anyone that is homeless .
