  i imagine the us has satellites in that area 24/7 now , i mean we know every time troops are building up , they should be able to see any significant movement of arms/equipment towards the border with ukraine . 
  the jets were shot down at 5,200 meters , that is well within the buk or tunguska range . 
  it 's a fair comparison , and what of russian media bullshit ? 
  what about the stories of ukranians crucifying a child , or that the dutch gassed the passengers of mh17 before takeoff and made the plane crash , this is far more outgrageous and worthy of condemnation than what cnn or bbc reports . 
  if a drunken father was incompetent enough to get in a vehicle and operate under the influence , resulting in the deaths of a few dozen kids that were mowed over , would you defend the drunk just because `` eh he was a pretty cool guy . '', 
  that is what it sounds like reading some of these pro-russian comments , the fact that you have the nerve to call angry people russophobic is ridiculous . 
  rebels shoot down the plane because they stole a buk and have no way of properly operating it , and then you complain that the plane should n't be there , ukraine is to blame , america is to blame , yada yada never blaming the people who fired the missile . 
  still does n't explain why a cas aircraft would be trailing a commercial airliner at cruising altitude , clearly if they were hoping to provoke a response from the west they were wrong . 
  occam 's razor would point to the most obvious answer being the correct one , an incompetent bunch of pricks in eastern ukraine stole this equipment and then used it incorrectly killing hundreds of civilians , these men should be rounded up and put on trial . 
  is n't it interesting that as as soon as the government started hitting back hard and gaining traction against the rebels they produce sophisticated anti-air technology that stops all ukrainian cas in the area ? 
  just some food for thought . 
  that is just dumb , `` qui bono '' should be asked of anyone who thinks the us is trying to start a war with russia ? 
  that war would be expensive and could result in armageddon , who the hell would push for something like that ? 
  the government ca n't even launch a goddamn health care website without a media circus , i doubt they could pull off something like this in this day and age . 
  they also paid the government a large sum of money totalling over 200 thousand usd per victim , i doubt russia/donetsk is going to pay shit to the victims . 
  su-25 ca n't ca n't officially climb above 17,000 feet for more than a minute or so and this is without weapons , it is a cas plane , not an air-superiority fighter , so how could it be in the immediate vicinity when it is thousands of feet below ? 
  not to mention a competent buk crew would know immediately the different altitudes/speeds of the two aircraft . 
  you will find the saudi relationship is one of convenience based on petroleum , more energy independce = less involvement in the middle east , it is already happening . 
  i hate the saudis , but it is one of the older and more stable relationships in the middle east , the second we do n't need them they will be dropped . 
  pretty simplistic way of looking at it , the us has always tried to defuse the situation between the two entities , we help supply israel and in return gain a solid ally in the middle east and we also get some political weight with the israeli government , but we certainly do n't sit by and do nothing when israel and palestine go to war . 
  also it is hard to be too judgemental of israel when very few other countries are even trying to improve the lives of palestinians . 
  i do n't like all the things israel does , but to just call them straight butchers because `` i saw mean things on the internets '' is pretty ridiculous . 
  hamas is n't helping the situation . 
  even a lot of smaller air-to-air missiles are supersonic , when a jet can go full afterburner and achieve speeds of mach 1.8 to 2.0 it would be silly to have a subsonic missile chase it . 
  that 's a two way street , we help fund certain israeli r&d projects with the intent to buy them eventually , for example the iron dome got more funding because the us would like a similar system in areas of the us/military bases . 
  israel also produces some of the finest avionics in the world . 
  but the idf is becoming less and less dependent on the united states now , a lot of their newer tech is indigenous , examples being the tavor assault rifle or the merkava mbt . 
  russian arms deals surpassed the us in 2013 actually , and the entire security council represent the largest 5 arms dealers in the world . 
  not saying i agree with selling weapons to shitty countries , but we do n't throw stones in glass houses . 
  problem with such a large federation , especially for europe , is that with so many conflicting political views and parties you would be looking at a beauracratic clusterfuck . 
  russia gets shit done because the duma is dominated by putin 's party , china is entirely dominated by the ccp who pushes an agenda , but then you look at the us and our fucked up political system that has no central authority and you see a clusterfuck partisan nightmare . 
  europe would be strong with a powerful central authority but nobody is willing to grant anyone that authority . 
  but there are confirmed reports of people getting paid by the kremlin to join an ridf of sorts , medvedev even has cheerleaders . 
  most of the europeans and americans are just here because they are bored/looking for information , not getting paid . 
  hate the fact that rt usa is becoming more popular here , when someone tells me it is a primary source of news i am tempted to never speak to them again . 
  r/russia is interesting right now , sick how delusional some of them are , but they have good people too . 
  that homophobic asshole probably is a big putin fan , rt publishes every editorial and word that comes out of his mouth . 
  i agree with the man sometimes , but he is n't the politician reddit used to obsess over . 
   president barack obama said friday that the malaysia airlines plane that crashed in ukraine was shot down in an `` outrage of unspeakable proportion . '', 
  he identified one american who died in the crash as quinn lucas schansman . 
  via cnn live update feed as of 12 est today . 
  said that bbc reported yesterday on a story saying hiv would n't be a problem by 2030 , i wonder if yesterday 's events will change that . 
  as of noon president obama has confirmed the name of one american dead in the crash , quinn lucas schansman . 
  he also found the outrage that was missing from yesterday directly pointing the finger at russian involvement in the training and supply of the seperatists . 
  yes , even back during the crimea takeover there was all kinds of amateur photos and videos of the anti-ship missile system being moved through sevastopol . 
  it 's not really suspicious that someone would see such a large system and not take photo/video . 
  why does everyone think this is a staged video ? 
  if you listed to the audio it shows it was an accident by the rebels and that their gru handlers are pretty pissed off , does n't show it as intentional . 
  oh and if you are all mad it shows a connection between russia and the rebels , well this has been known for months . 
  and yet the russian media machine is now so one-sided the average russian will still see this as a good thing . 
  i see some of the official state news stories and feel like i am reading media out of north korea , it is sad to see just how much independent journalism has been stamped out in the last year . 
  we have leaks of the separatists talking to the russians for months , stop bullshitting . 
  if you are tired of seeing anti russian sentiment unsubscribe as an american we put up with anti us posts for years . 
  there were four other commercial flights in the airspace . 
  at 35000 feet you are way out of manpad range , this was a sophisticated sa system that requires military logistics to use , nobody expected the rebels to have access . 
  as long as the rebels wear russian flag patches , use russian weaponry , and claim to fight for independence/annexation by the russian federation and russia sits there doing fuck all to de-escalate things , yes , you can very well blame russia . 
  let 's not forget it was russia that annexed crimea and gave rebels the idea it was ok to just secede from ukraine ( with promise of material support ) . 
  there is no official evidence of a shootdown yet ... it seems likely given the location but it is dangerous to announce blame on any one thing yet . 
  hopefully military satellites will be able to definitely prove if surface to air missiles were launched and from where they came . 
  this could certainly change the situation on the ground greatly , especially if some of the passengers are id 'd with sensitive nationalities in europe or elsewhere . 
  anything flying above 9600 meters was ok 'd by the ukrainian government . 
  airspace is still open according to the ukrainian govt . 
  anything above 9600 meters was deemed safe , plane lost contact at over 10,000 meters.the us govt . 
  told our airlines to avoid it , and now many european airlines have announced immediate rerouts . 
  it is expensive and inneficient to rerout over an entire coutry especially one as big as ukraine , since the rebels are a paramilitary force they have no power to declare an airspace off limits . 
  it seems crazy to fly over there but when you think about the logistics/cost of rerouting all flights it makes sense the plane would be there . 
   in 1996 , the united states and iran reached `` an agreement in full and final settlement of all disputes , differences , claims , counterclaims '' relating to the incident at the international court of justice . 
  [ 7 ] as part of the settlement , the united states agreed to pay us$ 61.8 million , an average of $ 213,103.45 per passenger , in compensation to the families of the iranian victims . 
  however , the united states has never admitted responsibility , nor apologized to iran probably more than the iranian government compensated , still do n't agree with it but if you actually read the article the ship in question had a helo that came under attack from iranian gunboats , so they were in an alert status for attack . 
  fat acceptance is the dumbest thing ever , especially rewarding the behavior . 
  it should n't be a handicap , if the person is overweight due to a food addiction it should be treated like any other dangerous addiction . 
  as someone who was obese in high school and mentally and physically pretty miserable because of that , i had to work my ass off to lose weight , and it is always something that i have to struggle with , so i ca n't stand the fat and proud people . 
  i do n't agree fat people should be bullied or shamed into losing weight , but to accept morbid obesity as a lifestyle choice worthy of rewarding people with benefits ... fuck that . 
  good point , not only the problems in gaza , but isis is taking up a big chunk of media time as well . 
  the artillery strike on the convoy sounds too accurate for the rebels , someone could say they have there hands on the bm-21 but too use it effectively takes training . 
  implying the man he is today is the man he was then . 
  the office is a rubberstamp for the corporate elite , it has been that way since kennedy died and is hardly the stuff of conspiracy nuts these days . 
  the law is obeyed only when profits are made . 
  clearly a cia plant or paid shill !, 
  heavily supplying the rebels in donetsk and luhansk is not about protecting the naval base in crimea . 
  as for the projection of identity , putin is very much trying to recreate the image of the ussr or even a new imperial russia , this is shown abroad and domestically in russia with the promotion of a pan-slavic identity , eurasianism , and the twisting of history . 
  there is a lot more going on in ukraine than just russia annexing crimea for a naval base , if that is all it was about they would n't be doing what they are doing now . 
  brazil may win , which would be very anti-climatic , but at least there were a lot of interesting games in the group stage . 
  didnt say i agreed with him but the grand chessboard should be read by anyone interested in geopolitics . 
  considering he predicted a good deal of what went down in the first decade of the 21st century , i think it 's worth a listen . 
  it 's why i avoid r/worldnews completely , the comments are youtube worthy now . 
  fed conspiracies run deep on the internet , people will believe/not believe anything based on a 90 minute doc they saw on the internet , despite a complete lack of citations or evidence . 
  modern russia is a hell of a lot more european than feudal russia , thanks peter the great !, 
  they will get a lot less european in the coming decades though due to a resurgence in nationalism and the concept of `` eurasianism '' but i do n't think turkey is moving in a progressive direction either and will always remain a `` middle eastern '' nation . 
  i pop in all the time actually , wo n't post though since it is a very one sided sub that has gotten a bit shit since the olympics . 
  i do n't know if we could beat them but howard is a beast , if he holds out i could see a tie game being possible . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism sums it up , r/russia is basically a giant `` what about america ... '' shitstorm and rt america was basically created to shit all over the united states but the fact that it is headquartered in washington dc says loads about our tolerance of the free press compared to russia . 
  just because average russians are happy does n't mean the country is healthy , you have no problems with decrying the state of us politics and saying the average us voter is an idiot but are perfectly fine with russia playing the nationalist buffoon as long as the average russian is a pacified idiot ? 
  ps i hope you are aware that russian independent media is basically non-existent at this point , every independent journalist was bought out or forced out by larger state owned enterprises . 
  [ here is a lengthy article about dissent in russia ] ( http://www.rollingstone.com/culture/news/putin-clamps-down-a-chilling-report-from-moscow-20140430 ), 
  i have no idea what you are talking about , i have only seen shepherd 's pie labeled as shepherd 's pie and the big gripe is that it contains beef when real shepherd 's pie should contain lamb . 
  beef pie is cottage pie . 
  nothing in the meal seems chinese . 
  dat new jersey accent tho . 
  t-72 's rolled into eastern ukraine this morning , i doubt the `` concerned citizens '' know how to operate tanks and procured them without help from moscow .
