  the migrant crisis has opened a flood gate to other websites that are now sending users here to post ridiculous shit . 
  there was a link months ago how r/europe was considered a vulnerable subreddit for white supremacists and how sites like stormfront were encouraging recruitment there . 
  i thought it was silly at the time , not so sure now . 
   the hypocrisy , the crazy mental gymnastic , is clearly on the left . 
  people who chastise men who spread their legs in the subway but find excuses for middle eastern gang rapists . 
  this is what happens when your entire worldview is created by / pol / ... 
   iraq ? 
  what 's the situation in iraq ? 
  no idea , media does n't talk about it . 
  about half of it is still under the control of islamic state , baghdad still witnesses massive amounts of sectarian violence , and the economy is crippled from war . 
   somalia still a very weak central government , warlords on the peripheries . 
  all that article really says is that he used the term once , but he has also stated in interviews and in writing that he wanted a more open border with the us and possibly a currency union ( the only north american leader who advocated an ` amero ' ) . 
   1 ) the industrial economies are just about fading away there is no more need for large uneducated masses in todays economies . 
  by that logic we should euthanize a good portion of native born citizens in many european countries . 
  do n't have a degree ? 
  too bad we have no job for you , to the camps . 
   2 ) the us was very bigoted in its selection of immigrants and does n't just accept whomever comes to shore . 
  that applied mostly to asians , europeans that were considered `` white '' were rarely turned away , if your logic were true these large communities of poles , irish , germans , and italians , would n't exist in the united states . 
  and the us to this day still allows more immigrants and refugees than most developed nations , far outweighing the number of refugees accepted by any european nation in 2013 , look at the unhrc reports if you do n't believe me . 
  should the poles in the uk be deported back to poland ? 
  clearly poland should be good enough for all poles too . 
  how about the millions of poles who have settled in north america ? 
  your prejudices are funny to read as an american , this country was established by waves of immigration , and yeah people bitched about it , but it did n't cause our country to collapse . 
  i 'm not going to argue about who is a refugee and who is n't , it 's just comical to see people bitching about immigration and hard economic times when 100 years ago your very family members were fleeing europe by the boat load for a better life in the united states . 
  get used to ridiculous responses as long as you fly old glory . 
   yeah , but what 's interesting is that all types of people from ukraine moved to russia . 
  that 's not interesting , it 's to be expected of a country where many people can already speak russian , have family living in russia/ties to russia , and the russian economy is far better off than the ukrainian one , which has been on the verge of collapse since yanukovich fled . 
  it 's only natural many have fled to russia , it 's what you do to survive . 
  exactly , many central american immigrants will not stop in mexico when paying to be smuggled into the united states is n't much more of a hassle , hell there are mexican officials that will even help the people get across the border ( mexico has more problems and does n't want them either ) the situation is very similar in eastern europe , if you can make it west you will try . 
   vicente fox is on record talking about latinos aligned with mexico gaining political power and taking over the territories lost to the usa . 
  he had a lot of batshit ideas , he was a huge proponent of a north american union , and then later a union of mexico and the usa . 
  he is also not in power anymore . 
  he had some babes living with him in that francis ford coppola movie , yeah they drank you dry every night but they also nibbled on your benis :d, 
  this was actually big news in the us a year ago , not from syria , but central america . 
  we had millions of kids crossing the us border from mexico that were trafficked from honduras and el salvador . 
  i believe the us takes in a [ fair share of refugees ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/52693bd09.html ), 
  even with assad in power syria at this point will take a decade at least to rebuild and fully stabilize , the flow of refugees wo n't end any time soon . 
  well biologically it is abnormal from a strict definition of the purpose of sex , which would be procreation . 
  of course very few people think of sex that way anymore , i mean vaginal intercourse is a very base definition of sex anyways . 
  you never played tummy sticks ? 
   i 'm sure he 'd gladly spend all of his fortune to become dictator for life - power is much more interesting than just money . 
  but the economy crumbling is diminishing his power in the world , which he will definitely care about . 
  i do n't know , russians have seen some serious shit in the last 100 years , and they tend to rally around each other against an external threat rather than move against the enemy within . 
  barring a major coup de tat supported by the people , i do n't see any popular revolution happening in russia any time soon . 
  however , if putin starts losing serious money for his oligarch buddies , i would n't be surprised if there was an attempt to remove him from power or force him to step down , but people fail to realize putin 's power in russia is huge the man 's estimated net worth is anywhere between 50-90 billion . 
  `` cunt punt '', 
  my money is on lukashenko . 
  do you think thomas bradley deflated those handeggs ? 
   putin as some deity capable of supernatural feats there are plenty of posters in russia already of putin in his judogi kicking the shit out of western politicians . 
  just imagine the shit going on in hollywood, 
  this and the fact that the us military would likely try to neutralize any air force it deems a threat to it 's own air superiority before even sending in vulnerable aircraft . 
  think back to the first persian gulf war when sas and us special forces teams lazed sam sites , and stealth bombers engaged in strategic hits against critical military targets . 
  people that think the us military relies too heavily on one asset and criticize the f-35 on that basis alone are pretty misinformed when it comes to modern combat . 
  asia is starting to look more like westeros these days , so many players all playing the game . 
  i was reading ` the grand chessboard ' again and i feel like petyr baelish . 
  putin is a pretty big guy, 
  `` i do n't want to be on watch sir , every time i 'm up there at night someone tells me to kill jews . '', 
  i went there as a young kid on a field trip , i was hoping for a pirate ship and cool shit , it ended up being a very dry tour and involved us kids sitting on a hot wooden deck in the sun for a few hours ... below decks was cool though . 
  i feel like it would be a lot cooler now at my age . 
  seemed like most of the ` plans ' involve join-training and further officer exchanges , as well as mutual investment in technology . 
  it did n't really say much about the royal navy being deployed in the pacific or anywhere it does n't usually operate . 
  is n't the buk capable of detecting civilian airline ` squawking ' as well ? 
  i remember reading last year that a competent operator should have been able to tell the difference between a military transport and civilian traffic . 
  the fact that they tried to say it looked like a small antonov plane and not a commercial jet based on visual recognition seemed a bit stupid as well . 
   acting in an official capacity for any foreign nation does this really apply to girkin ? 
  not doubting that he did it , but is there any proof he was acting in an official capacity for a foreign nation ? 
  was he active military at the time ? 
  the russian military is helping the separatists , the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  for a while when there was a lot more coverage and fighting going on they were trying to make it look like all the equipment the separatists had could have been taken from the ukrainian military , but there have been plenty of pics posted now showing small arms only in service with the russian federation in the hands of separatists . 
  his account has been banned , he keeps changing his name but it is always similar to the old account . 
  posts on r/russia and ukrainian conflict and a bunch of other subreddits with conspiracy nuts . 
  so yes , he is exactly that . 
  the footage of that blast is terrifying , i believe some of the scientists were too afraid of what a 100mt blast may do to the earth . 
  first impressions are often visual , seeing an attractive officer as opposed to a burly bear of a man who could put a knee on your throat and choke you out makes a huge difference . 
  it does say they have a lot of trainers from north america as well . 
  pressed cider is often spiced or can be mulled with spices in the fall and winter . 
  apple juice is usually clear and just something kids drink here . 
  cider seems to be getting popular everywhere . 
  living in new england we always had alcoholic ciders available but in the last year i have seen more and more larger brands including strongbow showing up . 
  i ca n't stand the sickly sweet ciders though . 
  beer bread , beer braised sausage , nom . 
  my wife is welsh , a lot of people do n't realize it is even in the united kingdom but rather a strange place `` on the continent '' . 
  then they hear her accent and ask her if she is from england . 
  crazy hr lady at my company was asking me if she is related to famous british actors or a member of the royal family . 
  only in sangria . 
  beer and ice is just terrible , like it destroys the natural chemistry and makes the flavor go off . 
  marmite smells like the underside of a ballsack but tastes pretty good to some , i like it . 
  beer also can have a very unpleasant smell but a nice taste , or an unpleasant taste that smells heavenly . 
  i find this is true of flavoured coffees as well , they often smell like the thing they are trying to imitate but the heavy acidity of the coffee bean and the artificial flavors often fall short . 
  we have so many languages that developed out of geographic isolation from each other , it is only natural that in an age of increasing globalization that a world language will emerge as a lingua franca and i believe it will likely be english or some near english hybrid . 
  english itself is a bastard language that got many of it 's words from another lingua franca ( latin ) . 
  it 's spread around the world partially from british imperialism and now even more so from the immense power of us trade and cultural hegemony , but even us culture is incredibly diverse so i do n't think of english as being a culturally subjective language as some opponents of english say . 
  i think it is inevitable that english will continue to grow and i am happy we did n't all waste our time learning esperanto . 
  germany provides ordnung !, 
  winter the last two years has been carastrophic though , the us does not really have typical winters . 
  those seals make me happy, 
  i would n't waste my time trying to reform them , extremism seeds quite quickly and rarely will go away , you realize islamists do n't want to be reformed in france , they do n't like france or french people , it is a good idea to try and prevent extremists from becoming that way but reforming them ? 
  good luck . 
   are the french constitutional values and justice system also a joke to you ? 
  they are to islamic terrorists .
