  nobody likes to talk about detroit , it is one of those sad cities that used to be amazing but have gone bust due to big companies betraying americans and shipping jobs overseas , not to mention detroit was run like shit for decades by incompetent municipal leaders . 
  there are some good people in detroit busting their asses to make it a nice place but there are neighborhoods that are just nightmarish . 
  there are smaller towns and cities all over the rust belt looking pretty bad these days . 
  st.louis and the surroundings have been shitholes for a long time coming , this is n't some sudden thing caused by the militarization of police , this is decades of racial tension boiling over . 
  i believe st.louis , for it 's size has topped violent crime rankings in the us for a long time . 
  it scares me how easily conspiracy theories and nationalist shit is being eaten up by the russian masses , inb4 protocols of zion 2014 is released in moscow . 
  glorious rt and ria novosti !, 
  i spend a lot of time between the two , r/europe does n't entertain conspiracy theories like r/russia does . 
  the day after mh17 you had legions of apologists either denying any dpr involvement , all the way to people making up insane claims like the dutch gasses the passengers , loaded them onto a drone plane , and then remote detonated explosives to frame russia . 
  r/europe certainly has a group mindset , all subreddits do , but it is n't borderline propaganda . 
  even if there were satellite photos they would claim they were doctored by poroshenko the evil chocolatier . 
  deny everything , as they have done since march . 
  because it 's got a left-leaning bias does n't put it on the same tier as rt.com . 
  cnbc was the first major network to pick this up . 
  you should see what happens when old glory is flown on r/russia . 
  i actually can get upvotes for being a sane poster there but it is n't unusual to get -7 or -8 before anyone upvotes and some of the replies to the comments are hilarious . 
  true , but if you look at russia 's behavior it 's not like this is out of the question , just look at how sloppy crimea was handled . 
  also it 's a bit weird that right before this armored column was supposedly destroyed girkin and pals resigned suddenly and fled back to russia . 
  could it have been because they received orders that there jobs in donetsk were done and the next stage of conflict was about to begin ? 
  i was defending the hell out of russia months ago , but now it 's just becoming too easy to see through the bullshit . 
  yeah , i bought the book when it first came out and a few chapters in felt like laughing at some of the stuff being said , but now its scary how much of it has come true already . 
  george friedman would be right [ again ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_next_100_years ), 
  the link was already edited , it had said the russian defense ministry had confirmed the attack , but that has now been changed . 
  nato has said they did observe military vehicles crossing the border but did not comment on an attack . 
  sky news has reported an attack as of an hour ago . 
   pics or it never happened why ? 
  even pictures are meaningless in this day and age , someone will claim the evidence was doctored or fabricated completely . 
   fsb i take issues with the first part , they have been in charge of funneling all materials into ukraine for months i am sure . 
  spend some time on r/russia , lots of posters seem pretty content with the bs stories they are fed from the government , some of them remind me of brainwashed north koreans , it 's scary . 
  there are plenty of good people there too though , i imagine some of the kremlinbots are paid to shill . 
  dpr is not internationally recognized , the territory is still ukrainian , russian presence there would be a violation of ukrainian sovereignty and an act of war . 
  exactly , even one russian tank in ukraine without express government permission is a violation of sovereignty . 
  sanctions have n't been around long enough to affect growth , eu has been needing reforms for a while . 
  its big in the news so its posted a lot , i suppose some of the links could be better . 
  just downvote . 
  the fees go up a few thousand every year , even for state schools that have ok reputations have tuition close to 10 grand a semester now , when i attended less than a decade ago the tuition was less than 3 thousand . 
  for a really good education people are looking at six figure debt without scholarships . 
  this is the same problem in the us , everyone is being forced into higher education , which now makes basic bachelor 's or associates degrees pointless in many fields because the job market is flooded with graduates who either are n't brilliant enough to higher or simply have no job experience which is now causing more and more people to stay in school longer in pursuit of a master 's , accruing more debt . 
  meanwhile i feel like we are losing a lot of skilled laborers in vocational fields that rely a lot more on field experience than school . 
  yeah , i read that book shortly after it came out and didnt think too much into it , started reading it again after crimea and am shitting bricks now at a lot of the stuff written , not just about russia mind but a lot of the earlier chapters go right back to syria and isis as well . 
  being the last true autocrat of europe , he kind of has to stay below the radar . 
   i would hope this only applies to people who are already toeing the kremlin line . 
  most people will have become extremely sceptical of any `` news '' being reported by russian controlled television . 
  mostly it would appeal to the russian people , but there are more and more people on the internet being swayed by these conspiracies and buying all the rt bullshit , they seem to think moscow has done nothing to justify paranoia from the west , but i think they forgot about crimea . 
  so did george friedman in his book `` the next 100 years '' , which was published shortly after the war with georgia . 
  there are plans to open ukraine up to fracking to extract natural gas , if the infrastructure is set up quick enough it could be an alternative to russian gas and would be a major blow to the economy . 
  this is also why russia is keen on keeping iran hostile to the west , iran is sitting on huge natural gas reserves , a pipeline through turkey into europe would be another alternative to russian gas . 
  the problem is that the russian red cross was coordinating it , not the international red cross , now russia is saying the convoy is going to meet up with the irc at the border prior to crossing but who knows ? 
  either way it could be a win-win for russia if the trucks prove to be harmless , either the supplies get through and russia wins morality points , or the supplies are stopped and russia can get propaganda points about evil kiev not letting water through to the people . 
  it 's going to take 2-3 days for the trucks to get to the border apparently , so we wo n't know much until then . 
  i will say the hastiness of the preparations and the lack of official oversight is definitely questionable . 
  kiev says they wo n't be allowed into the country , will be interesting to see what happens at the border crossing . 
  possibly an attack by the convoy to break through ? 
  or a rebel ambush to assist ? 
  or nothing ? 
  either way , seems like russia ca n't do anything without being shady as fuck about it . 
  i do n't think this will lead to war , but it is another dangerous escalation that will lead to further sanctions if it proves to be another dirty play by russia , the sad thing is the average russian will probably give putin +2 approval again . 
  malta , thats no parliament , it 's a space station !, 
  china will have a big problem in the coming decades with the differences between eastern and western china , as you pointed out , shanghai 's quality of life is very high right now , but it is n't a realistic portrayal of the 2nd largest country by land area and the most populous nation on earth , the truth is a good chunk of the country is becoming increasingly polluted , their is expanding desertification , and with increasing access to information the east-west income divide is going to become a large social issue . 
  could belarus realistically supply russia enough to drive down food costs ? 
  from what i have heard , russian food prices are already inflated , i have heard the price of a small cup of coffee can cost you 8 usd , so how would drastically decreasing the supply of food help the situation in any way ? 
  i suppose it would spur agricultural improvements in russia but that will be a painful process , ca n't see how russians would continue to support putin spending most of their check at the grocer . 
  he does n't have negative comment karma so someone is agreeing with him , i suggest ou get res so you can hide people . 
  there are plenty of russians that have no problem with the stories posted and they do n't attract downvotes . 
  i have to struggle to get upvotes in many subreddits because of a us flag but i do n't go into those threads arguing about anti-american sentiments . 
  russia is getting a lot of attention lately for obvious reasons . 
  what i meant was if you are sick of anti-putin and anti-russian government articles ( since nobody is posting anything about the russian people ) you should go to r/russia with the circlejerking pidors . 
  take the pro-putin circlejerk to r/russia . 
  the article does mention two types of attack helicopter , all the aircraft are for the strike/interception role and nothing really in terms of logistics or support . 
  i would n't put it past the russians to stage a false flag at this point in time to justify intervention in eastern ukraine , they could easily make it seem like one of their aircraft was shot down from over the border ( they seem to already be testing their ability to bullshit the media ) . 
  the us still uses planes from even earlier , but there is still plenty of innovation in the us military and darpa . 
  being proud that the soyuz still works after decades/continuing to develop ships and planes originally conceived ( some laid out even ) in the 1980 's is not a sign of progress . 
  most the new technology is now being developed in russia solely because they have discretionary funds for military research and development that were completely absent in the 1990s , to assume that in 5 years of military spending growth you have created a military on par with western europe/usa is completely naive . 
  planned aircraft are su-27 , mig-31 , mil-24 , mil-28 , and the relatively new su-34 bomber . 
  using a soviet era rocket , people forget a lot of russia 's trusty military technology is all leftover from the soviet union , a lack of new innovation is n't going to help their already very limited economy . 
  there was an article recently about arming china as a boon for the economy of russia , but it really made no sense because it mentioned selling decades old backfires and blackjacks ( which are n't even in production ) to the chinese ( who have spent the last decade trying to create a home grown military ) . 
  dont forget the russian blogger law came into effect recently , not even the internet is safe . 
  friedman 's `` next 100 years '' predicted a long drawn out confrontation with the russian federation between 2010-2020 . 
  decent read , though some of the stuff later this century seems a little outlandish , but who knows . 
  that will certainly help . 
  it 's going to be a bad year for russia , though putin 's popularity will be at an all time high i am sure . 
  edit your flair in the sidebar = = = = , 
  you realize the pentagon does n't get all their intel from a single source, 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  what got loaded onto the ships if not chemical warheads ? 
  except poland has been in nato for a while and these exercises happen regularly . 
  russia 's movements are unannounced and often denied . 
  ca n't wait for moscow to scream `` provacation ! '', 
  despite them having 15,000 russian troops on the border with ukraine funnelling through material and well trained freedom loving ordinary citizens ... 
  isis emerged from al-qaeda in iraq , there are over 80 different factions in syria labeled as freedom fighters . 
  isis has used some american equipment , but the consensus is it came from saudi arabia , which uses us equipment but is prone to supporting an sunni insurgency . 
  it probably would have helped had the us stayed in iraq , but nobody wanted that either . 
  the middle east is extremely complicated and has been shit since sykes-picot , so placing the blame entirely on the us or uk is quite dumb when it was a total failure of imperialist thought in europe in the aftermath of wwi that sowed the seeds for a total shitstorm today . 
  us military prison is no joke , chain of command might be hush against rapes within the military but raping a civi and getting caught ... they will be making big rocks into little rocks for some time, 
  there is renenwed troop buildups on the border , the pentagon says they are breaking into smaller units , as if to infiltrate and start a guerilla campaign , maybe even a false flag like the germans did on the german-polish border that turned into a pretext for invasion . 
  i would expect some video of it moving in , there was lots of amateur photos/video of the anti-ship missiles being moved into crimea , but it is possible that the rebels have threatened people not to film anything at this point . 
  exactly this . 
  i do n't think the average russian is aware of just how widespread the media crackdown has been in russia in the last year or so , nearly every independent paper has been bought out by the state , and internet bloggers have been threatened/forced to register with the government and their sites can be taken down at a moments notice . 
  free press is dead in russia . 
  this is what was said last time , but we need definitive proof .
