  russia has said it never intended to use first strike , but who knows what to believe . 
  either way this basically would again ensure mad in the event of nuclear war . 
  chinese are chauvinistic in general , they will look down on any people who are n't ethnically chinese . 
  i am sure most chinese diplomats view the vast majority of nations with little respect . 
  i 'll have to watch interviews with her , i have n't heard her speak much outside of got which she definitely has an accent in , not sure if it 's dutch or just something she `` puts on '' for the role . 
  there 's plenty of dutch in hollywood . 
  people might not know they are dutch though . 
  as an american we are pretty pissed he did this without any kind of congressional approval . 
  my states congressional representatives are not happy at all . 
  his chief diplomat is extremely close to russia . 
  if there are any high level talks between russia-us-syria it 's going to be tillerson hearing about them first . 
  islamic terrorists are n't out for nato , the crazies that listen to is propaganda believe that every westerner is fair game , a liberal , secular government is still as much of an affront to their religion as a militaristic , christian one . 
  this is how they are getting so many european and american born muslims to join their ranks , it 's completely detached from reality , but it 's how they see the world . 
  in massachusetts i actually see paddy more than patty . 
  never really seen it celebrated anywhere else , at least here you have genuine second and third generation irish people still and not plastic `` i 'm 1/16th irish , feck the english , remember the troubles '' types . 
  only thing irish about corned beef was how much of it was processed in ireland for the british empire , a lot of it was sold to the americas as slave feed as well . 
  i 'll still be making tomorrow , ca n't today because i 'm working , but i know there is n't much irish about the meal . 
  it was murky , german-americans were a very powerful lobbying group that stressed neutrality , it was stronger during wwi where the us was n't even sure if they would join the allies or the central powers if they should be dragged into war , obviously unrestricted sub warfare and the zimmerman telegram changed a few minds . 
  the us also had the german-american bund , a pro-nazi group in the thirties and forties , and some germans were interred during wwii , the same way japanese-americans were . 
  i buy premium , the price is easily justifiable given how much time i have put into the franchise since 1942 . 
  i know that 's not how everyone feels , but spending $ 120 on a game you are going to be playing over 100 hours is n't a lot of money . 
  tbf the us is only playable in 2 of the multiplayer maps , so as of the release of the dlc , france will be better represented with 4 maps as a playable faction . 
  britain and germany have the most maps as a playable faction . 
  if it contains coffee , it 's coffee . 
  americans like variety , some people like ordering the same shit every day but for many americans a place like starbucks is a treat where you get some decadent terrible for you latte that is like ~ 500 calories . 
  my everyday drink is black coffee from a drip machine , it 's not to be savored slowly , it 's to give me a caffeine boost and initiate my morning poo . 
  reddit did not see tpp as a geopolitical tool at all . 
  the negotiations were routinely front page news stories and most people oversimplified the agreement into `` outsourcing more jobs at the expense of the environment . '', 
  again , it 's not really an issue that people with only a basic understanding of global economics should even be discussing , let alone trying to lecture others on . 
  my comments were more about the hivemind 's 180 on the subject based on partisan politics . 
   primarily the secretary of defense so one hopes that if a president had a psychotic episode and ordered this for no reason the secdef would disobey orders ( technically mutiny ) there 's a reason us sane americans were excited by mattis , he is that guy who would be able to pull off a coup against trump if he ever went full retard . 
  he 's very proud of his german heritage , he thinks germany was greatest between 1933-1945 and would like to see europe like that again . 
  tbf that trade pact was hated by the majority of reddit and their christlike figure bernie sanders and only recently has tpp suddenly become `` not a bad idea '' because trump is against it . 
  my thoughts on it are unless you are an economist , you ca n't contribute to the argument because it 's just partisan shit-slinging . 
  nor does getting rid of tpp give free reign to china , the security pacts with japan and rok will remain in place , and vietnam is n't looking to cozy up to them anytime soon either . 
  the us has not threatened to withdraw , there 's a big difference between `` pay more it 's unfair how much we spend '' , and `` get fucked lads '' . 
  it 's more about the broadcasting zone than geography . 
  same reason israel and azerbaijan have been competing for years . 
  i like noosa , it 's full of fat though . 
  i would n't compare cheese to computers or phones . 
  but the us does have a silly law over bourbon that 's similar . 
  i think it should stay that way in canada too , it would n't make sense to hurt the business of local dairy farms by forcing a re-branding in order to protect the profits of greek cheese makers , their market share in canada would likely be incredibly small next to the already established brands . 
  it makes sense in the eu where you can ship small goods quite easily by truck and train , less so in north america where you would need to consider specialized air freight . 
  from my experience , i have never seen authentic greek feta in north america ( outside of specialty european cheese shops , greek grocers . ), 
  we also have a ton of `` greek '' yogurt brands that have nothing to do with greece or even the greek yogurt process half the time . 
   because they would lose so much . 
  they have nothing to gain from it . 
  for now , it 's an economic deterrent , but without nato support the baltics would easily fall to a full scale russian attack . 
  but i really do n't see it happening in our lifetimes , putin would need to play a very long con to pull it off and he does n't have that kind of time . 
  new englander here , maine is amazing . 
  lots of great seafood , snowy winters , mountains for skiing , a very long and rocky coastline , and one of the only true wilderness areas east of the mississippi . 
  there 's bears , moose , lots of french canadians in the summer time , and even some topless and nude beaches springing up now . 
  the white mountains are gorgeous , the cancamagus highway would actually be a great place to take some italian cars for some alpine driving . 
  `` power is power '' - melania trump, 
  careful he has a black belt in judo and sambo . 
  yes , he is the only cabinet pick that did n't have me pulling my hair out , congress almost unanimously approved him , and i 've known men who have served under him who had nothing but respect for him . 
  he supposedly changed trump 's mind on torture by sitting him down and talking about the torture he had witnessed , and how horrible it is . 
  he seems extremely level headed , and i think if anyone is going to stop trump from starting some apocalyptic conflict it would be him . 
  china armed omar al-bashir and had a big hand in the genocide in darfur and china has arguably more power and influence on the african continent now than any other world power . 
  might want to leave africa off your list . 
  also before talking about genocide and oppression of ethnic groups , you should look up what the prc does in tibet and xinjiang . 
  i 'm not a fan of us foreign policy , but you really ca n't put the chinese on a pedestal either . 
   on a more serious note : do n't put up with our shit . 
  make america regret this or it will happen again . 
  ehh , the people who voted for him do n't care about europeans , they probably have little interaction with europeans or anyone outside their sheltered worlds . 
  so sadly , i do n't think they will learn from anything . 
  the important thing is getting the other people out there to actually care enough to vote , most importantly in 2018 . 
  people want to see the us fail . 
   they did n't do it because they gave a damn about you being `` free '' and whatnot . 
  if they did , they 'd have joined in 1940 except the anti-war movement in the us was quite large . 
  the government was sending material to the allies , but troops was a different story . 
  americans are n't clamoring to go die on foreign shores you know ? 
  wwii was not an existential crisis to the us in the same way it was to russia and the uk . 
  you realize an american was in charge of operation overlord right ? 
  i 'm not going to say the americans were essential to winning in europe but your own downplaying of american efforts is grossly naive . 
  you may also want to consider that without the atomic bomb as a deterrent to the soviet union , they may not have stopped at germany . 
  i think mattis had more to do with it . 
  he is also in asia right now reassuring the south korean and japanese governments that the us will have their backs despite what trump may say . 
  most of it comes back to nato , but i highly doubt nato is going to be disbanded , mattis is still secdef and will slap sense into trump over it . 
  he was already singing a different tune with may last week . 
  ah well in that case , the account is only 11 days old , they could be a troll or just some nut job . 
  half their posts remind me of the armchair geopolitics pundits over on r/russia or r/conspiracy . 
  read their post history . 
  u/novumimperiumromanum is a european nationalist who only posts anti-american things . 
  i think it 's more of a promotion of western values leadership role , which is kind of arbitrary and meaningless honestly , especially with the right-wing fringe on the upswing all over the west . 
  it 's likely trump does n't know much about nato 's current mission at all , and one of his more pro-russian advisers told him it was obsolete . 
  mattis claims to have changed his mind about torture after talking to him for an hour , it 's apparently not difficult to make trump flip-flop . 
  i am share jared kushner has done this to trump multiple times as well . 
  well it was one of the reasons that his campaign managers thought pence needed to be on the ticket . 
  i do n't think many of trump 's hardcore supporters even care about his religious life , you ca n't really go calling yourself a good christian if you believe in half the shit the hard right does . 
  i have no problem with religion personally , as long as people do n't use it as a system to control others . 
  i do n't think it comes up in us law that much , even with abortion , it 's not entirely a religious issue , and plenty of constitutional lawyers will tell you roe v. wade is still controversial . 
  i do n't understand your rationale of calling the us a new country , sure the lands in europe have been settled by europeans for far longer than the us has been , but the us as a republic has existed for far longer than many european countries . 
  and as plenty of others have pointed out , europe has plenty of religion still it 's just not as obvious at a day to day level , and honestly if you look at how urban americans and europeans live , there are a lot more similarities than differences . 
  20 % of americans are irreligious , something like 50 % of christians do not attend church regularly , i live in ma and religion plays 0 % in my day to day life and i do not know anyone who is very religious outside of immigrant groups from latin america and europe . 
  most people think trump is an atheist . 
  not always the case , i voted in both the primaries and general election but live in ma , so my vote was guaranteed to go blue no matter who i voted for . 
  voting is definitely important , but with our electoral system , it is more important for some americans than it is for others . 
  every single person in ca could vote for clinton , but that would n't have changed the outcome of the general election . 
  it 's very naive to believe trump represents a majority of americans .
