  there are all kinds of legends of sea monsters . 
  also they eat fermented shark meat , because it 's toxic fresh , it supposedly has a strong ammonia taste . 
  also apparently coca cola is very popular in iceland . 
  i 'd like to visit , i 've heard mixed things from tourists . 
  what 's your favorite band ? 
  netflix is a financial backer , it will likely have heavy european involvement , though i ca n't imagine it being a non-english series . 
  it 's still pretty early to get very excited , a couple bad steps could ruin the show . 
  i 'm excited to see what comes of it though . 
  my favorite song , the only one i am still singing in my head . 
  portugal 's song was crap . 
  samwell tarly is a bad man . 
  i liked romania the best , seemed the most original , with multiple genres coming together . 
  really ca n't stand the generic solo ballads . 
  moldova comes in second for bringing back the memes with epic sax guy . 
  the guy who said he loves everyone and has a pretty gay voice is a homophobe ? 
  he must be projecting insecurities . 
  the violinist looked familiar too , but maybe it was just the spiky hair ? 
  the meme magic has a literally transformative effect . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'd rather live in germany than the us right now , but i do n't come to r/europe to see constant whataboutism and nationalist circle-jerking . 
  the quality here is dropping constantly , and i say that as someone who has lurked and posted here since r/europe was around 300,000 users . 
  i guess that 's the course of all large subreddits though , once you hit the million mark it 's a bunch of pedant wankers . 
  you were shitting all over the us in another thread , i 'm going to label you a biased troll from here on out . 
  many church groups in the us go out of there way to support the less fortunate , not only in this country , but abroad as well . 
  there are many church youth groups that volunteer time in central america and the caribbean . 
  factor in that many european countries started becoming the most powerful in the world by exploiting those countries highlighted in green and you might feel like a bit of a dick though . 
  not saying romania is guilty of that , but western europeans who think their countries became stronk solely because of their own good deeds are a bit misguided . 
  indonesia is fucking huge when you lay it over north america . 
  hence the / s , but i am more removed from europe than our current president is . 
  that 's why i put the / s , 
  and you were originally downvoted for saying that , this is why trolls like op was talking about exist , because you ca n't have dissenting opinions which causes civilized discourse to go out the window . 
  we want our potatoes and tomatoes back . 
  also the tens of millions of immigrants that settled here from europe can fuck off . 
  t. anti-globalist / s, 
   in poor american communities the murder rate is sky high at they do n't really bat an eye . 
  that 's why reddit is constantly over-blowing the crime in detroit and chicago right ? 
  if anything there is too much media coverage of certain crime areas , enough so that people are woefully uninformed of the causes of said crime and assume there 's a simple solution like gun control or throwing money at the community . 
  oh people definitely seem to be little shits lately , which is sad because you would think with the internet helping to educate and show different ways of living , people would grow to have more empathy . 
  unfortunately anonymity let 's the id out . 
  not necessarily , my political views were vastly different as a teenager as they are today . 
  real world experience and moving out on your own definitely have an impact on your world view . 
  but some of them will certainly always be that close-minded . 
  i 'd be willing to bet around 25 % of them are probably under 18 . 
  alt right is international trolls , even the trump subreddit is full of non-american people , a shitload of british and australians were posting there , and / pol / is hardly all americans either . 
  it 's a collection of narrow-minded people from around the world jerking each other off over memes and skin color . 
  right there with you , i voted for her , but unlike all my friends and family who were shocked and could n't understand how hillary could have lost , i saw it coming . 
  they were n't bad until this election cycle , watching ryan and biden debate or obama and romney was leagues above the shitshow that was trump and clinton . 
  the gop primary debates were awful but i blame cnn for allowing so many low polling candidates onto the stage at one time , they knew full well what they were getting into . 
  trump has definitely given americans a newfound respect for our system at least , even his own party is against him at times . 
  they talk about the ahca being some huge victory for trump but it passed through the house by a slim margin , and might be stopped by the senate . 
  hopefully shutting him down and making him look like a dumbass continues to be the norm and by 2018 the gop gets a whopping at election time . 
  people already were turning on iraq by the 2004 campaign , the bullshit did n't last long . 
  unfortunately kerry was a terribly weak candidate against bush , and since we were at war , they ran a smear campaign against both candidates war records in vietnam . 
  i can only roll over 40 hours at the end of the year , and towards the end of the year they start asking why we did n't use our pto , but if you want to take a week off you get harassed . 
  perfect vacation for them is taking a day off now and then and bringing your laptop with you so you can still answer e-mails . 
  he wo n't be doing parade reviews in full uniform anymore , which would indeed suck as a 95 year old , those uniforms can be stifling . 
  companies do offer time off , but there are no federal laws mandating it . 
  there are some states that mandate time off . 
  good to see the salaryman mentality exists there as well . 
  i get a fair bit of pto but i definitely get a guilt trip whenever i take a day off . 
  did political terrorists in europe specifically target tourist areas and foreigners during attacks ? 
  tourists are responsible for researching where they are going , this is part of the reason of state department warnings , it 's discouraging ignorance . 
  the no go zones in america are pretty obvious in most cities , they are largely residential areas , so there would n't be much of a reason for tourists to be there anyways . 
  you must not have been around the internet, 
  two biggest are libertarians and green party which only got 3 % and 1 % of the vote respectively . 
  the us is absolutely opposed to anything other than a 2 party system , and it sucks . 
  if there is a consensus among professional mental health experts that he is unstable that 's one thing , but you should n't assume that as a sex abuse survivor he is damaged mentally . 
  btw it 's a taboo subject but is a lot more common than you think , many adults are n't going to be open about it , but women particularly have a lot of experience with abuse . 
  people were saying trump was literally hitler before the election . 
  not the same history , but he certainly was n't positively viewed . 
  i 'd be wary of voter complacency regardless , france has much better turnout than we do , but i would n't want you to wake up to a surprise . 
  can you at least have meatball and lingonberry jam breaks when you get frustrated and do n't want to build anymore ? 
  it 's not like the us does n't buy european goods either , fn and beretta made money off licensing the m249 and m9 , and the civilian and le markets are quite lucrative for european gun manufacturers as well . 
  the f-35 was also a multi-national venture with large partners sharing development costs , nobody is getting bullied into buying it , it was what they wanted . 
   victim of paedophilia what does that have to do with anything ? 
   they do n't understand that le pen 's image in france is n't comparable at all to trump 's image in the usa are n't they trump did n't have any good image in us media though , even the republicans were against him up until the gop convention when it was inevitable he was going to be the nominee . 
  mach loop in wales , so many great photos from there . 
  there 's a lot of great footage on youtube as well if you want to see all kinds of different aircraft flying through there . 
  it was interesting seeing how slow the harriers fly by compared to the typhoon and tornadoes . 
  some of their factories are really scary too , just so many people , it probably increases throughput having so many people on an assembly line , but it 's hard to justify pay increases for someone who is assembling one component that requires 4 screws . 
  there was a chinese guy who went undercover at foxconn assembling iphones and said this is all he did all day . 
  some of the factories have tens of thousands of people working 12 hour shifts six days a week . 
  tbf a lot of trump supporters thought his act was theater , even analysts kept saying the populist rhetoric was a strategy more than a belief . 
  hard to know still with ivanka and kushner so close to him , they are both globalists . 
  trump still has counters as well , say what you will about us democracy the system of checks and balances , as well as our constitution , is still quite strong and limits the damage the executive branch can do . 
  anyone saying we will be living in a fascist dictatorship in 3 years does n't know much about the us government ( 1 in it 's scope and power , and 2 in it 's sheer incompetence ) trump already got shut down on the immigration ban because of the constitution and the courts , he just got shut down on his wall because congress refused to fund it and nobody is willing to shut down the government for that shit , most of the sane members of this country wanted nothing to do with it . 
  the scary thing now is how he handles north korea , and really any emerging diplomatic crises in asia , because the president does have a lot more power in regards to military `` police actions '' than he used to . 
  but considering the cia is even afraid of trump , i do n't think he will be able to do any lasting harm to the us that past presidents have n't already done . 
  i 've been reading recently about all the things truman and his administration was involved in at the start of the cold war and it 's terrifying in comparison to trump . 
  good points but :  also because we store them in warehouses , because what you have day 1 of a war is all you 'll have . 
  the first things hit are going to be weapon plants , so you will not be able to make more after a war starts . 
  makes sense to have hundreds stashed away here and there just in case . 
  also means your tankers have massive warehouses of hanger queens to loot for parts as needed . 
  i have to disagree here , i do n't see any military on earth right now that is going to be able to effectively attack the us military industrial complex on us soil , unless we are talking about nuclear strikes . 
  north america has been a fortress since wwii . 
  i ca n't really see the point of canada spending much on tanks anyways , they are almost always going to be part of some joint expeditionary force with better equipped allies . 
  i 'd be pissed as a canadian if the government were spending billions in developing a next gen tank . 
  i 'm already pissed as an american that we buy more and more abrams the military neither asked for nor wants . 
   turkey ( which i 'd more classify as an enemy of europe than a defender as of now ) . 
  geography was about the only reason for their admission . 
  that 's essentially the claims made against jared kushner , and the reason him and steve bannon were at odds about many things .
