  russian pilots violate turkish airspace despite minutes of warnings to not fly into turkey , you are making a big deal of it . 
   `` whatabout [ ism ] '' . 
  also source on russia losing `` thousands '' of soldiers in donbas ? 
  doubt the number is over 1000 , even over 500 would be a surprise . 
  objective observers put estimates close to 2,500 , there are no exact numbers because russia denies any russian involvement in donbass . 
   the only ounce of a defence turkey has is that russian aircraft have entered their airspace . 
  otherwise , it would be an unprovoked act of war . 
  it 's one thing to fly an unarmed aircraft on recon patrols along your border , or to fly excercises to test response times , this was neither . 
  russia is flying nuclear capable aircraft inside airspace that has been denied to them , they will get shot down . 
  we have no sources as to whether the pilot even attempted to make contact with air control or the intercepting jets . 
  really ? 
  you realize this area is a warzone right ? 
  shit like this is going to happen more and get worse if the war in syria continues to have outside support from russia , europe , and the us . 
  russia is playing around with the concept of putting tanks and boots on the ground in syria , how long until they get bombed ? 
  russia is making a big deal out of this , but in the end it is two military personnel dead and one plane lost . 
  russia has lost thousands of soldiers in eastern ukraine , they have had military equipment destroyed , you really think this is a big deal to them ? 
  this is political posturing , not a cause for war . 
  not everyone against assad is a member of isis , it 's dangerous to assume that everything is so black and white . 
  the people who killed the pilots were turkmen members of the fsa , with some saying they are affiliated with al-nusra front which is n't really friendly with isis either . 
  shooting down the jet was a dick move , but let 's not pretend that russia 's actions in syria are saint like , they are supporting assad by bombing isis targets as well as rebel held areas . 
  interceptions are fine , the planes are routinely intercepted . 
  the problem is that russian planes have been turning off transponders , not responding to air traffic controllers , or performing provocative aerial maneuvers that could be considered hostile . 
  this is a `` catfish '' tactic and could backfire as it has in turkey . 
  i 'm not expecting much to come out of this , it is unprecedented but turkey has already been stating for weeks to knock that shit off . 
  the return path for the tu-160 's skirts turkish airspace . 
  they are flying close to turkey no matter what . 
  the show of force part involved flying close enough to the uk to scramble jets , and flying over the strait of gibraltar into the mediterranean . 
  there are certainly alternatives . 
  turkey intercepted russian jets not that long ago in a tense standoff , and i think the russians were a little too nonchalant about it . 
  as you pointed out this could just be a case of russia paying the price for skirting airspace . 
  the tu-160 's have been taking a strange flight path around europe as a similar show of force . 
   second breakfast - breakfast food but in smaller quantities , before noon . 
  polish confirmed as hobbits . 
  it did n't seem like a whole lot was gained from tsarnaev 's trial . 
  i think some of these people are so deluded that an attempt at psychoanalysis would just be lost on them . 
  this is the opposite of what most white americans would say , in fact i often see europeans complaining about the `` muh heritage '' mentality of white americans . 
  ignorance is universal , i am sure asians and africans would also not differentiate europeans as much , it 's no reason to get rude and offended though as europeans often do this to other cultures as well . 
  yesss i love the mirage 2000 , something about that delta wing loaded up with weapons and tanks , and those intakes , it 's a very sexy plane . 
  yeah they made that free falling music video within days . 
  as someone who has seen 14 years of 9/11 and dead yank soldier jokes i think russians should get some thick skin and calm their asses down . 
   if you want to blame someone blame the electorate ; we 're the ones who ca n't make up our damn minds apparently the electorate is n't voting , republicans take control of both chambers during midterms because the voter turnout is always pathetic and skewed towards older mostly white voters . 
  if the turnout was always the same as it was in 2008 the gop would be a dead party . 
  invented in springfield , ma , hence why the basketball hall of fame is located there . 
  britain and france have ssbns are they superpowers ? 
  they have ~ 7,000 servicemen fighting in the donbass , these are unofficial estimates as `` there are no russians in eastern ukraine . '', 
  it 's a different war over there , but even still it is n't a great sing of confidence if you ca n't even fight the ukrainian army which has been in a dreadful state since the soviet union collapsed . 
  and the polish military is no joke , russia fighting against western warplanes , modern attack helicopters , tanks , and manpads as well as sophisticated mobile air defenses would be extremely costly to the military . 
  still the 3rd largest economy in the world too , yes growth is down and the economy is n't doing great but anyone who thinks japan is `` collapsing '' can not grasp basic economics . 
  china likewise has a fast growth economy but it 's really unstable and being built on top of bubbles . 
  if you read `` russia '' by martin sixsmith he goes into this concept repeatedly , the russian `` silnaya ruka '' , which translates to `` strong hand '' . 
  often the most popular leaders in russian and soviet history were the more autocratic , even stalin has high approval ratings to this day because while he was an autocratic murderer he managed to repel the nazis and keep people focused on external enemies rather than internal conflicts . 
  a lot of russians prefer security and prosperity to rights and liberties , and are a very proud people . 
  he comments a lot , he seems to always be available to argue , so yes he is either unemployed or has a job that requires no effort . 
  certainly does n't act like a published author though . 
   big brother usa is a crumbling empire , so i would rather have big brother putin by our side . 
  most of r/europe would think you are now a traitor and deserve to be hung , especially the baltic bros. 
  he is a very active poster on multiple boards , he usually submits a dozen or so links a day to every sub he can . 
  he is n't even really pro-russian , just extremely anti-american , anti-europe , anti-establishment . 
  he is also a bit zany , he claims to have been a published expert on multiple fields involving geopolitics . 
  tbh i 've been going there on and off for a year and a half and there was at least some protest when they made him a moderator , his comments were always inflammatory and biased , and he never follows the rules in the sidebar . 
  the moderation on r/russia sucks , and yet half the subscribers still complain about downvotes for being too pro-russian ... 
  it looks like an orlan , but people are pointing out many differences on other subs the more i look into it . 
  it could be a new version , it 's not a very sophisticated looking drone . 
  it was a drone , and people are saying it is n't even a military drone but looks like something built by a hobbyist . 
  it could be used by a paramilitary group possibly . 
   not really , clinton has a history , sanders does n't . 
  clinton is a centrist with a history of flip-flopping , sanders has been involved in politics for well over 30 years so i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  you sound quite angry . 
  people can vote for whomever they want , no matter what skin color they are . 
  people who vote for one party regardless of candidates are bad voters , people who do n't research candidates are bad voters , that 's not a race issue , it 's an issue of intelligence and being a good citizen . 
  personally i have a pretty low opinion of democracy in the united states right now , and our whole system of voting ( the electoral system and the two party system ) is quite shit . 
  well many black men are in prison where they ca n't vote , and our actual first black president has n't done a lot to improve race relations in the us , some would say they are worse than ever given recent events . 
  that 's a shame , because her policies really do nothing to benefit the black community at all , but i think most black adults probably realize they are fucked living in the us anyways . 
  islam 360 , because when you see it you turn 360 degrees and walk away . 
   but sanders will be stopped the moment he has to compete in core areas of the democratic primary base , mainly blacks . 
  he could point out that bill clinton supported mandatory minimum sentences that has led to the incarceration of millions of young black men over petty drug crimes . 
  i think that would help him . 
  i do n't really see any other dem doing anything to really woo the black vote . 
  obama was also the underdog at this point in 2008 , and lost plenty of primary states to clinton , still clinched the nom though in the end . 
  i dont think anybody can really say shit till after super tuesday . 
  sanders is raising decent sums of money , 26 million in q3 , and actually getting crowds +10 thousand . 
  he has done this despite not really creating any advertisement on television or attacking people , he is just a perfect candidate for millennials that now make up the largest voting bloc in the us . 
  ron paul was a different story , i feel like socialism lite is a better brand to young people than idealist libertarianism . 
  i think people see hillary as a continuation of obama , which anderson cooper even questioned her about during the debate , and her response was pretty shit ( `` i have a vagina . '' ), 
  good no more idiotic talk of ukrainian su-25s shooting it down . 
  probably our best asian ally but only in a strategic military sense , economically japan is important to many other countries , and politically and culturally we obviously have vast differences . 
  can confirm this is not only manual labor in construction or landscaping but restaurants and manufacturing jobs as well . 
  people usually get wages $ 2-3 less than the minimum wage in some jobs , which is bad because the minimum wage does n't allow you to survive in most places . 
  i 'd say the uk has become the best ally of the us , mostly because of shared culture and history , but france and germany are also extremely important allies . 
   friendly federal agent guy was n't that elliot 's estranged father ? 
  and was n't he an asshole ? 
  the mom was cool though . 
  i 'm loving these albums . 
  looking at the dolomites i must say dice nailed the `` monte grappa '' map in battlefield one . 
  it was a question , because it was one of the reasons russia has n't been making new ships of this size but doing costly refits instead . 
  the question is does russia have the capability to refit a ship that size ? 
  i know they did some work for india that ended up costing vastly more than what they had told the indians . 
  and that many of the former soviet heavy shipbuilders were based in ukraine , not russia . 
  the bbc article stated there was a tug in the group of russian ships transiting the channel . 
  at least they put a fresh coat of paint on the kuznetsov recently , there was a time it looked barely seaworthy .
