well if tanks crossing the border are true , it looks like he truly just does n't give a shit about his people . 
   brazil wants to purchase a carrier so a country already famous for cost overruns and corruption wants to purchase an aircraft carrier from another country with the same problems . 
  enjoy your 10 billion dollar carrier brazil , i guess brics got ta stay together . 
  i do n't think yeltsin was scum , he just tried too much too fast and was kind of a better populist than a real politician , what russia needed at the time was a technocrat who knew real economics and instead they got a naive and somewhat egotistical man who thought transition would be easier than it was . 
  none of them are dead . 
  wow i am surprised to see the sukhois and pak fa on that list , i wonder if russia would still let you have them if finland decided to join nato or not . 
  boeing is also working on the advanced super hornet , a further development of the f-18 that incorporates stealth features . 
  i think they were hoping to get some of the countries half-out the door on the f-35 program to consider adopting it . 
  but i think it will be about the same as the new versions of the gripen anyways . 
  in that case just buy newer hornets , or the growler . 
  the us navy is hanging onto the growler even after the f-35 acquisition because the growler has a wider range of electronic jamming options , something that would be good to have around in the defense of finland . 
  it 's happening globally , the us is also seeing drastic decreases in native bird populations even in some areas where development is minimal . 
  and people deny putin has a cult of personality around him . 
  and the dnr people are any better ? 
  there are mass graves in donetsk of anyone who disagrees with the `` government '' there . 
  both sides have bad people , and russia supports the rebels who are just as bad . 
  just because they do n't use openly bad symbols does n't mean they are saints . 
  head on over to r/russia , the same people post a lot . 
  there are russian nationalists too though , there are lots of books printed in russia that read like propaganda against the ukrainians , portraying them as subhumans . 
  both sides have pretty horrible people , as you will find in any war . 
  he is right though , that person posts all the time on r/russia and i can assure you they are not a sympathetic source of information . 
  they routinely spout conspiracies about this war , how all ukrainians are nazis and funded by a nwo in the west , and how the us is determined to kill russia and putin . 
  this person would n't even accept the plot-line of cod : mw2 as it was told , which turned into a comical/sad argument . 
  it works for concerts and sports games but those are also tiered in pricing whereas movies are a flat fee . 
  if we adopted assigned seating then i would imagine their should be premium fees . 
  we can buy tickets in advance , it is the only way to get seats for imax for big movies , but you should still arrive in advance to get good seats . 
  plus nothing is worse than crawling over fatties to get to good seats . 
  bane ?!, 
  you have numbered seats ?!? 
  first come first serve ensures the people who really want to see the movie arrive early and get the best seats while the plebs who show up during the trailers are stuck in shit seats , it works . 
  it 's controversial to you as a ukrainian , the rest of the world is turning their backs on the whole thing at this point , there is barely any talk even of the donbass in western media at this point . 
  i think most governments have just accepted that the russian bear is not going to give up anything in crimea and that talking about it further will get nothing accomplished , sure the un can condemn it all it wants but when has that ever had an effect on a permanent security council member ? 
  i think the sanctions would be lifted by most countries even if crimea is not returned . 
  fifa does not care about politics anymore , they only care about the money they make off the host country , since that country is russia i would n't expect fifa to condemn them for this . 
  there are instances in american media that show crimea separated from ukraine as well , we may never except it officially , but it is de facto russian clay again . 
  case in point the soviet union , the non-aggression pact between hitler and stalin led to a few years where the soviet union was doing next to nothing to prepare for a war with germany , and that would be it 's undoing in the early years of wwii . 
  a good chunk of europe is leaving itself pretty defenseless in the face of another global conflict , i do n't really see wwiii happening any time soon though , so it 's not really a horrible thing . 
  part of the shift in us military doctrine after wwii was to never let something like pearl harbor happen again , the us military was pretty pathetic before the outbreak of war yet by the wars end we had the largest navy in the world . 
  tu-95s have been flying all over europe and north america for decades , it 's not really a big deal , it 's a show of force , similar to the united states flying b-2 spirits or b-52s over europe , which we did recently . 
  did they actually have a live nuclear warhead inside ? 
  i doubt it . 
  well sweden joined isaf even without being a member of nato , i highly doubt you would have to worry about joining any crazy conflicts . 
  they should be worried about their own government , the tens of thousands of people who died in the caucasus in the first and second chechen wars , and the suspicious [ bombings ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_apartment_bombings ), 
  submarines are phallic and offensive , the fact that they are full of seamen only adds insult to injury . 
  check your privilege you cis scum . 
  fuck you yankee blue-jeans . 
  istanbul is certainly considered european historically , european divisions are pretty loose anyways . 
  most americans would be visiting istanbul , which does lie partly in europe . 
  killer mosquitoes you say ?!, 
  the team featured athletes from the uk , france , italy , finland , and ukraine . 
  some members had appeared on the competition in the regular season , but the team member who secured europe 's victory in a tie-breaker had never ran an anw course in his life . 
  i agree that the un should have a say , but i disagree with putin if he thinks the unsc outside of russia/china would honestly publicly offer any kind of support towards isil . 
  also did n't the un already declare that assad 's government is illegitimate at this point ? 
  i thought it was the other way around , russia does n't have the shipyards to create ships of this size at the current moment , that is why they had to appeal to france , but as far as i know the computer and weapon systems would be installed by russians . 
  i got to see the president land at the oldest and most beat down airstrip in new england , it was quite the site , the number of cops from all different cities and organizations forming up a motorcade as well as the snipers and seeing `` the beast '' with my own eyes was impressive . 
  i am it will be noisy later . 
  somethings rotten in the state of denmark . 
  a large scale war completely decimating the nation 's economy and infrastructure would not be profitable in any way . 
  it also does n't make sense to keep telling the media there will be no war , honestly the msm in america barely talks about ukraine anymore . 
  russia has always struggled with a eurasian identity since the tsars , a lot of the people you mentioned lived during the imperial era that saw a lot of european influences but if you look at the entire history it is truly a country seperate from europe . 
  people make jokes about the spetsnaz along the lines of `` 80 hostages , 20 terrorists , 100 casualties . 
  mission successful . '', 
  dark but with precedence . 
  europe should just fold nato into a european joint force that has a unified command and logistics structure , joint training , but not necessarily dependent on any one economy for procurement of technologies . 
  i think projects like the eurofighter are a step in the right direction , but that program also shows the flaws of a multinational european collaboration , france bailed because it failed to meet their standards . 
  it would be very expensive to simply stop relying on the us though , and i have doubts that in a real crisis the eu could simply ride it alone , but i would n't mind not being involved , less tax money going to people who do n't seem to give a shit . 
  india and the us have decent relations though , they are one of the largest buyers of us military equipment . 
  india is a true adherer of the non-aligned movement , much more than some countries . 
  brics brofisting and military interests , nothing more . 
  i would gladly pay more at the pump if it meant russia would have less influence . 
  full on embargoes would cause russias wealthy to turn on putin and the rubes quickly . 
  i want nato and the eu to get their heads out of the sand , nukes dont need to fly but people should n't sit idly by while ukraine is quietly invaded . 
  russia needs full on embargoes . 
  russia is literally doing the exact same thing , they are preparing for war , their military budget and percent of gdp spent of defense is ever-increasing , as are the modernization and procurement contracts . 
  other lessons of the interbellum period though : do n't appease a bully , it wo n't go away on it 's own . 
  chances are someone is going to get fed up with the kremlin 's direction and change things internally , but a complete lack of international support for ukraine is not a good precedent , it has our allies in nato that border russia frightened that they too will be expendable in order to not `` rock the boat '' . 
  i ca n't help but draw parallels between what is happening in ukraine right now , and the annexation of the sudetenland by nazi germany . 
  they made a big deal about the russian airspace story , though i have not heard it actually violated the airspace of russia , it did violate swedish airspace to run away from the russians , it was an rc-135 , and the reason they fucked off and made a big deal out of it was because the russians did the highly unusual and actually locked onto the plane with sa missiles . 
  i think the problem is people bought too much into the `` new world order '' optimism of the early 90s . 
  i think now people are far more cynical and pessimistic about the direction of the world , hopefully it can spur real change though and not just nihilism . 
  they take the much needed steps towards energy independence ? 
  the real tragedy is n't losing russia 's gas , it 's that europe allowed itself to be enslaved by it in the first place . 
  russia 's , since they brought back the music from the ussr anthem , gives me chills . 
  i 'd say it has about as much of a chance as belarus , both have been dominated by a single man in government since the collapse of the ussr . 
  kazakhstan is n't an awful place by any means , but there has been criticism of religious freedom and there are lawless areas where a lot of trafficking occurs . 
  i would think the eus top priority should be holding together the current members and making reforms , not expanding and bringing in countries that should n't even qualify for membership . 
  kazakhstan is culturally , very un-european , ethnic kazakhs are culturally central asian , and there is a large russian minority and the government is friendly with russia , so i do n't think they would appreciate it either . 
  stop the multi-culti pc bs that allows extremist behavior to ferment in the first place , and then ban all religious extremists from the country/deport those who display extremist behavior in the public . 
  statist republicans here seem to like the man , i find it funny/hypocritical that they can be so against obama for the same reasons they should be against putin . 
  the difference is putin puts down `` the gays '' and is a strong white leader for them to jerk off to . 
  the only person i personally know who likes the man is a crazy asshole i work with who spends all day in a tiny room listening to rush limbaugh . 
  he also believes that thanks to ferguson and the election of obama we will have a nationwide race war ending with the complete removal of white , male , christians in 5 years time . 
  de-militarization is important for some towns , but as this rioting shows , the people will meet escalation with further escalation as there will always be a part of the population that will use chaos as a means to further chaos . 
  for every innocent bystander getting fucked over by the cops here there are also people bringing guns to demonstrations , throwing molotovs , and looting stores and mugging people , i would n't want assholes like that to be dealt with by regular old cops who will get injured attempting an arrest without the use of force . 
  we already witnessed in london what happens when you allow what starts as a peaceful protest to escalate unabated . 
  are you a policeman ? 
  have you been trained in any law enforcement/security ? 
  it is a job that comes with a lot of shit , i would n't be quick to take sides in this , especially if you do n't know ferguson/st . louis area or any of the issues going on outside of media portrayal . 
  as the situation stands now we have people rioting over a kid that was killed under unknown circumstances , rioting is never tolerated , there is a huge difference between the legitimate protesters in ferguson and the a-holes who come out at night with guns and molotovs . 
  yes , we have had the same president for six years , there are children who know no other leader besides dear leader , it is horrible , horrible i say !,
