  there was a particularly damning article about russian media in the new issue of rolling stone , it was a bit sad to see how much of the free press has been lost in the last two decades . 
  good to know there are at least some people still speaking out . 
  never seen that quote but as someone who works with a ton of portuguese it is exactly how i would describe it , i have always thought it sounds a little russian with some spanish words thrown in and a lot of phlegm . 
  every night state media reports that the kiev government is essentially a puppet government and that the maidan protests were a cia operation , so yeah , they are being led on a pretty crazy path . 
  i have n't seen the word terrorist used a lot in the media honestly , i keep seeing `` pro-russian separatist '' which seems fitting . 
  but you are talking about students from a wide variety of backgrounds , economically , racially , ethnically , etc all of whom are scattered across the globe after graduation . 
  a cohesive strike would be near impossible to coordinate and easy to tear down ( i am looking at ows and it 's failures ), 
  oh indeed , the effective strength could be broken down a lot more and would definitely put the us ahead in many ways since only two european countries are generally considered blue water navies , and they are also the only two european countries with nuclear deterrence . 
  should include military spending/strength but that might be a bit hard to calculate for the eu , it is certainly a mesaure of one 's global power projection though . 
  there is a student loan bubble that economists are worried about , i am not expert but a few million students deciding to default on their loans would probably ruin the us economy much like the housing bubble collapse sent us spiraling . 
  it 's certainly a demographic problem plaguing a good portion of the west , i do n't know about the safety net for young germans , but for american kids right out of college with 5 to 6 figure debts from loans , getting a job paying just above minimum wage is an early death sentence . 
  this is part of the reason why a record number of young people are continuing to live with their parents into their twenties and thirties . 
  legal in colorado and washington for recreational use , though there is legislation on distribution , possession of a certain amount , and growing but it is already a booming industry in colorado , unfortunately i do n't think they have settled the issues with the banks . 
  the federal government still considers weed an illegal drug , so a lot of banks in co were not keen on accepting drug money , even after the feds said it was ok . 
  still the public opinion on marijuana is rapidly changing in this country , i expect a fair few states will have refrendums on the subject in 2016 ranging from medicinal use to decriminalization to full legalization . 
  because this pic comes to us from image boards known for trolling . 
  our unemployment statistics are a bit skewed as well , it merely references people actively collecting unemployment and does n't mention people who have simply given up looking for work for the time . 
  we also have millions of under-employed people who are working but barely scraping by . 
  oh i agree with you on that , i was n't arguing on china being a superpower currently either , but they are aiming for it . 
  not only is military investment a problem but china will always be limited in power projection by it 's topography and i really do n't see china ever being a major exporter of culture either . 
  on top of that the chinese economy is very unstable , few economists speculate they can keep growing at their current rate without something crazy happening . 
  even with all of that though the united states is still pushing for an asian pivot to contain china while fostering good relationships with the developing asian economies , with that europe needs to focus on it 's own defense and think about a new military doctrine that relies less on us support . 
  the good thing is the largest threat to european states throughout history has been other european states , with nato and the european union that threat is all but neutralized except by russia which is no match for a combined european force . 
  they were still good after honestly , nowhere near as bad as they are now , i even remember after the bombings in boston were traced back to insurgents in dagestan/chechnya russian/us rhetoric was focused on cooperation and intelligence sharing in the face of islamic extremism and both countries agreed to help each other during the olympics as well . 
  this crisis is the worst thing we have seen since the cold war , i do n't think we are talking about world war iii or anything but i think there will be a standoff with russia for at least a few years as the russian government continues down a path of military advancement and appeasing the nationalists . 
  with the russian economy as reliant as it is right now on fossil fuels though this is a long game russia can not win . 
  agreed , i think europe will always be an important trading bloc and economic powerhouse but cultural and military power projection are also important to gain superpower status , china is investing heavily in it 's military as are the other brics but a good portion of europe including nato members has been looking to reduce military spending for over a decade , only just recently with the ukrainian crisis has military investment been considered . 
  i do n't really see any major ideological differences in the near future though that would push europe away from a us military alliance other than a major failure of nato to defend it 's members . 
  i 've always considered azerbaijan to be asian . 
  we will have to see what is actually implemented and what kind of concessions are expected of ukraine , i highly doubt crimea is going back , but i wonder if the legality of the status of crimea was even discussed here . 
  i have been reading `` the next 100 years '' lately again , originally purchased it back in 2010 and did n't give it much thought , but the bits on russia are quite eery to read about now . 
  according to that book though we are looking at a drawn out conflict but not a violent one . 
  whoa hey hold on there chuck , there is a big difference between the levels of surveillance we have now and what could be , the implications are dire if some future dictatorship were to arise and use this against the people but as it stands right now very few people are being affected by this surveillance . 
  sure it is creepy , but i am not in prison for what i say , my family members have n't been abducted or tortured , we are n't forced to pay bribes to police for them to stay quiet about things , in short my life and most europeans lives are still going quite well , hence why their is no revolution . 
  there is scientific evidence posted yesterday that the us is an oligarchy , that our whole government and democratic processes are mostly a sham , and people are not rising up because as long as the majority are not starving/dying from the corruption it makes us get by . 
  let 's also not forget that revolution is a very violent and turbulent process that rarely yields the intended results , it would suck to overthrow some people because of them spying on some text messages only to get a violent theocratic dictatorship of rednecks with guns in their place . 
  he does n't have to become a martyr no , but he certainly is ruining his image by putting himself behind putin . 
  you realize despite all of merkel 's outrage that any advanced western european country is also going to be operating a spy apparatus as well , this is the civilized world post 9/11 . 
  i am outraged by his revlations but not dumb enough to think this is just the nsa and america 's doing , it has already been revealed the qchq and multinationals work hand in hand to spy as well . 
  any eu country would be as hypocritical as russia at this point , nobody is above this shit except the countries without the technical capacity to get away with it . 
  snowden should n't have revealed anything if he was n't willing to live with the consequences , just my two cents , i am sure plenty will disagree and say it is ok to sell out for protection , me i do n't think so , if you claim to have principals worthy of treason you live with the consequences , you do n't suck the billionaire 's dick just because he hates the country you betrayed . 
  seems to be the case , that or a huge hypocrite . 
  i mean he talks about the leaks and says he did it for the american people , he still loves america and acted on a matter of principal . 
  if that is the case though , then he has no business being a mouthpiece for putin unless he wants to project an image of monumental naievty . 
  i was more referring to non-extradition countries in south america that are a little less antagonistic towards the us and less concerned with geopolitical games . 
  obviously any nato member was out of the country as it would destroy that countries relationship with america . 
  this is why i dislike snowden , he will only damn himself in the west after all the leaks if he continues to play nice with putin and be a propaganda tool for the kremlin . 
  it would have been better if he had gotten asylum elsewhere or was simply detained after giving greenwald the majority of the leaks . 
  i feel if he has anything truly damming of the us government it should already be out , not be used as a tool for the media to sensationalize trivial tidbits during news dry spells . 
  it really does . 
  but your country is a lot more urbanized , especially england and the entirety of the uk could fit in the us state of oregon . 
  generalizations of much bigger populations more diverse populations are a bit more damning . 
  looks like the murder rate here is much worse as well , still though , you do n't paint an entire country of over 300,000,000 people occupying nearly 10 million square kilometers as gun-toting christians , that shit just pisses me off , which was my original point to begin with . 
  my state beats the national average on numerous statistics , and i do n't like being lumped in with other regions that represent a totally different society . 
  likewise a muscovite would be pissed if you compared them to some rural siberian and vice versa . 
  i was in shorts on monday , probably close to 25c , this morning there was ice everywhere , it took me around 7 minutes to clean my car off enough to drive , but this is pretty typical of new england springs . 
  bjs puts violent crime at 386.9 cases per 100,000 in 2012 . 
  all of which also have totally different urban landscapes , ethnic makeups , and much smaller populations as well as economic disparity being far less too . 
  the sociological causes of gun violence go far beyond `` hurr too many guns '' i 'd like to mention the violent crime rate is also higher in the uk than in the us , despite having very strict gun control . 
  freedome from us influence , but what many europeans do n't understand is the reliance on us military strength . 
  i know some people dream of this united european military without nato but they can look forward to drastic expenditure increases if that is what they truly want . 
  and it hardly seems like russia is playing the victim here with fighters buzzing us warships deliberately recently . 
  france , germany , austria , switzerland , canada , and all the nordic countries also have rather high gun ownerhsip per capita , but you do not see these countries labeled as gun toting . 
  a lot of gun crime is in inner cities , using stolen or illegally purchased firearms , other mass murder incidents are carried out by mentally ill people , we should not blame the firearm , sure it makes killing easier but prohibiting the ownership of guns will not change anything . 
  i think it is funny hearing that debate from a norwegian when it was a norwegian citizen who went on a crazy , pseudo-religious , gun killing spree just a few years ago . 
  china is colonizing africa for resources . 
  china will be the one meddling in the middle east when the oil is needed . 
  the us and china would be allies if it were n't for japan . 
  china likes europe because it poses no threat , not because it has similar values , the han dont view anyone else as equals or friends . 
  china doesnt give a shit about us foreign policy except where japan and the koreas are concerned . 
  if you think china cares about the little guy you know nothing about china . 
  you just painted the whole us as a gun toting christian country , which makes you sound quite a bit ignorant yourself . 
  tombox24 i believe , though i ca n't be certain , just dug through the inbox and it seems he was the one i was arguing with the most . 
   the us tried fighting russia , and all they got was a hyperinflated military while their society was washing down the drain ... meh , it is probably too big of a military , but there are budget cuts and staff cuts now , the army is cutting jobs and f-22 was cancelled from further production for being too expensive , so there are some checks to reckless military spending . 
  as for the society bit , that is just some straight political nonsense . 
  unemployment is slowly decreasing , recession is over and the us economy is still the world 's largest , violent crime is way down from the seventies , despite the political circus there are plenty of progressive laws coming into existence for every backwards redneck law . 
  i would say it could be a lot worse . 
  also the cold war did a hell of a lot more to russia than you stated , the collapse of the soviet union was a major blow to russian power , putin is ruining russia playing games right now if you think their energy dominated economy can survive prolonged conflict with the west you can not know much . 
  russian technology in the hands of non-russians does n't always work however , it could be bad operators or it could be russian defense industries touting technology that has only been proven in simulation . 
  there were a few articles about syria 's air defenses having plenty of holes , i am sure israel if it had to could stomp that country , mind the syrians do n't have the best and newest of russias ' tech . 
  i would always hold judgement on the reliability of equipment until it has been combat proven , and i will say the same for america 's unproven equipment as well . 
  i am pretty sure no european was foaming at the mouth for this to happen , only idiots born after 1989 would even consider a europe with a resurgent russia encroaching on them , hence why the baltics and poland were quick in wanting to be part of nato . 
  we can see the benefits of a multi-polar world but one in which large countries dominate smaller ones by force and use the threat of nuclear annihilation to keep each other in check , and one that funds proxy wars in which the little man is fucked completely ? 
  that is not desireable at all . 
  masshole here , hello neighbor !, 
  i was eleven when i found out my grandmother was canadian , not only that but apparently when i was two i was taken to that frostbitten landscape . 
  we did have passport free travel with canada prior to 9/11 , bush and the department of security ruined our open border and now it 's a pain in the ass for a lot of people to cross over , us to canada is n't so bad as trying to get back into the states , some of the guards will grill you like you are al qaeda . 
   homosexuality considering that is hotly contested throughout the us i would say that should n't come into play . 
  me being a new englander i would say i am much closer culturally to canada particularly the martimes than the average british national . 
  honestly goes with abortion and divorce too , but these are social political issues and again would n't consider them defining characteristics of a culture . 
  canada and britain share as much culturally as any anglo country , having a ceremonial head of state with little actual power does n't give them much shared culture . 
  if you look at actual cultural representations in film , music , food , and sport you see the us and canada have a lot more in common , there are many canadians that americans do n't even know are actually canadian . 
  the military and economic integration of north america is quite advanced too , as i said earlier simply putting canada in this whole other economic bloc would greatly affect the power balance of the eu , particularly in the case of germany unless you totally plan on killing canadian-us trading ties which would really hurt both countries . 
  people in canada are actually quite different than europeans culturally and get a long with americans a lot more , not to mention the canadian-us economies are very close so incorporating canada into the eu would also bring the us much closer to the eu and might piss off some member states . 
  he 's a troll with -936 comment karma , he is always offended . 
  tito 's is relatively cheap because it is made in the us and is some of the smoothest best tasting vodka i have ever had , and i really do n't even like vodka . 
  makes sense , just like we have religious backwoods idiots europe does as well , i hate people that think the entirety of the european continent is some progressive cosmopolitan utopia . 
  i really hope the respondents who thought ukraine was anywhere in the americas use good birth control . 
  which makes the whole `` the us was stirring up shit in western ukraine '' laughable . 
  i do n't , i think of the us like russia , it is a massive landmass combining a load of people from different ethnicities and labeling them under one common culture with plenty of regional variations .
