  either way i like the hats . 
  bad food is very cheap , even fatty cuts of pork now i can buy at the grocery store for about half the price of lean chicken breast . 
  also a lot of processed foods that have added sugars and are calorically very dense are pretty cheap . 
  the fatter states in the us tend to be a lot more into sugary drinks than the leaner states as well . 
  southern staples like sweet tea can have 35-40 grams of sugar in a serving , making it as bad as coca-cola . 
  no they will beat back homos , churkas , and american agents !, 
  r/russia ca n't handle the bants, 
  i do see far too many rt and sputnik posts on r/worldnews . 
  i 've never seen a sputnik article on the front page of r/politics . 
  salon , vox , washington post , and huff post are the standard . 
  it 's been called the paris of the middle east . 
  belarus , it looks like a cozy blanket made by your babushka . 
  apparently the inbetweeners films were accurate representations of the average young british tourist . 
  `` it 's a cookbook !, 
  it 's a cookbook ! '', 
  i pay the extra bit to get certified humane organic raised eggs . 
  they are probably still deceptive ( i 'm sure the pictures on the green packaging of happy children cuddling chickens is probably bullshit ) but it 's better than the discount eggs . 
  the real noticeable difference is the color of the yolk , i assume the chickens are treated better because the brand i buy has the orangest yolks i 've ever seen , whereas cheaper eggs tend to have a paler yellow yolk . 
  i know a guy who went to japan and only ate mcdonald 's , not even interesting japanese mcdonald 's specialties , just the plain old cheeseburgers and fries . 
  needless to say he went to japan because he was an unwashed otaku and not for any real culture . 
  oh god , every time ramsay visited an american restaurant and saw they were calling cottage pie shepherd 's pie he would flip the fuck out . 
  battered particularly with an ale infused batter , and sea salt and malt vinegar on the piping hot chips . 
  absolutely delicious , though you may feel like shit later depending on the portion size . 
  they were probably well aware of his location , which is why the us government explicitly did not ask permission to kill him and did everything they could to enter and escape pakistani airspace without detection . 
   how can the us influence pakistan internally short of full invasion ? 
  the same way it carries influence all over the world . 
  a good chunk of it is in billions of dollars in aid which also allows the us to operate a sizable number of drones in pakistan to fight against militants . 
  it 's a murky relationship , but it exists . 
  still got my fingers crossed for an all marshmallow box of lucky charms . 
  buckwheat is great , i love eating soba noodles or buckwheat kasha cooked in a meat broth with onions , it 's a great side to go with dinner . 
  the danger of pakistan is the failure of it 's own government with millions of jihadis only a few steps away from securing a nuclear stockpile . 
  let 's not forget the iss and pakistani government is full of sympathizers . 
  that threat alone is enough to keep the us invested in pakistan . 
  only true if you believe the us is the only asshole in the world . 
  there are plenty of emerging assholes in asia that want to influence and control smaller , weaker countries just look at how much china has done in the last decade , they have the philippines , japan , taiwan , south korea , and even vietnam looking for an increasing us presence to keep china from expanding . 
  europe would probably be pretty unstable if it were n't for us assistance the last 50 years , nothing in european history really states otherwise . 
  iraq was certainly a mistake , but isis would have taken root elsewhere had the iraq war never happened . 
  bernie is not an isolationist by any means , the most we have heard about his economic policies is opposing sweeping free trade deals , and that is mostly do to the perverse nature of corporate influence on said deals , and the lack of openness to the people . 
  it also does n't take much to look at the print of these agreements to see that it fucks over the average american , particularly those who work in an already diminishing manufacturing sector . 
  as for military isolationism , it 's already been explained above . 
  having a rational approach to military intervention and opposing the iraq war does n't make the man a dove . 
  it 's just sad he looks like an isolationist compared to hillary the hawk . 
  all the douchebags in america and you pick sean penn ? 
  i would think the kardashian/jenner clan deserve more hate . 
   step 1 - do n't eat sweets nor shop food for a week . 
  this makes everything taste a lot better . 
  sugar/salt are very weird like that , you get too used to these things . 
  if you get rid of most sugar from your diet you will find that even some fruit becomes really sweet . 
  i ca n't even drink fruit juice now without watering it down considerably . 
  same with salt , you cut down on sodium and you wo n't be able to eat frozen pizzas or a lot of takeout because it will just taste extremely salty . 
  but i agree it makes your tongue appreciate subtle flavors a lot more . 
  one of my favorite dishes is just taking a bunch of root vegetables and roasting them in a bit of olive oil with some fresh herbs . 
  high quality nowadays yes , but in the beginnings of bbq those were the shit cuts that slaves were given , and the only way to make them edible was to smoke them and sauce them and make them delicious . 
  before kennedy being irish was little above being black in the united states , it was a big deal electing an irish catholic as president . 
  i think a truer celebration of st. patrick 's day would be the acknowledgement of how shit irish had it in america for a long time . 
  you sent us piers morgan , the 21st century equivalent of a plague blanket . 
  intensify the forward batteries , i do n't want anything to get through . 
  you could have stopped it . 
   it is easiest way to pleasure yourself . 
  right hand down the pants is far easier than cooking sir . 
  humor aside , i love to cook , and quality ingredients definitely improve the experience ten fold , which is why winter in new england sucks , a lot of my produce is chilean , mexican , or from california . 
  luckily come summer i will have access to some farmer stands . 
  edit : and after reading the article i must say , food culture in the us is definitely lacking . 
  i still get looks from many people because i am a man who enjoys cooking , enjoys shopping for vegetables and unique ingredients , and has a collection of cook books for other cultures i have little personal connection with . 
  people also think i am snooty for saying i wo n't eat at a place like applebees or tgi friday 's because it 's a chain restaurant , frankly , i do n't eat out much at all , because once you start cooking good you have a hard time justifying shelling out nearly $ 20 for an entree you could have made for less and had it tasting better too . 
  places like olive garden are mostly just freezer to oven/microwave/pot dishes with little fresh ingredients , it 's shit . 
  strong , independent leader who do n't need no russian man . 
  `` they 're taking the migrants to isengard ! '', 
  it was western europe that largely pushed for the intervention in libya friend , i ca n't really think of how that would be connected to iraq , and yet there are plenty of refugees and terrorists flooding europe from all over north africa . 
  it 's always the irish that act like apologists for europe , there 's plenty of dirty history on the european continent , ca n't blame all your troubles on the damned american government . 
  i live in ma , we are getting a steady stream of black bears spreading into the state , and my brother even saw a bald eagle while hiking the other day . 
  these animals used to be hunted or forced out by developments . 
  it 's nice to see them again , though the bears are a bit frightening . 
  i really want to visit belfast , every time i bring it up my mom acts like the troubles is a current event and i 'm going to die . 
  cozy thread, 
  pool 's closed 2016 ? 
  st. peter is going to be a dick to him at the pearly gates , `` well well well , mr. rickman . 
  our ... new ... celebrity . '', 
  rip severus , probably one of the best casting choices in harry potter . 
  rip goblin king , you taught me an adult man 's penis does have a place in children 's films !, 
  shit you go into luxuries like complex surgery , i 'm just thinking of the dogs that get access to clean drinking water , regular meals , and housing . 
  millions of people do n't get that . 
  it was a large part of the plot of samurai champloo as well . 
  love that show . 
  we got to slap some term limits on them , and it would help to crack down on the rampant corruption . 
  pretty much seems like the only reason the caspian flotilla got any action at all as well , it was probably getting hard to justify spending money on new arms and ships for the flotilla . 
  that 's what i thought , i can see why there is always a lot of shouting going on between the parties and it makes me want the us congress to become just as fun . 
   first of all in light of lack of any clear evidence suggesting without doubt who operated the device that brought down the boeing , i 'd say you 're a banal liar hahaha, 
  you have to try the bud light clamato drink . 
  it tastes like a frat guy ate some pizza , drank some beer , and upchucked into a can and then gave it to you . 
  why do n't you post it there ? 
  x-posted to r/russia . 
  braving the incoming downvotes . 
  turkey lights up the fighter jets with sams from the ground . 
  they have countermeasures but still . 
  there 's nothing stopping turkey from littering the border with sams and pinging the shit out of every russian plane that comes close . 
   still hugely symbolic . . 
  imagine if pilots were were shot-down inside russian airspace . 
  pro-russian rebels shot down and killed hundreds of civilians last year . 
  there were no calls for war .
