  it would be hard to justify that if say someone sent in special forces or a police force that led to a firefight in which people on the right side of the law needlessly died . 
  drones are definitely controversial but it beats the hell out of boots on the ground in a warzone any day . 
  there is a reason these terrorists flock to failed states , they feel safe in them because they know the local government/police/military would n't dare try to come after them . 
  i 'm saying it might be why their quality rivals south korean or taiwanese products , they are n't necessarily relying on cheaper engineering or components unlike some chinese firms . 
  they use a lot of foreign parts , i work for a company that supplies a lot of power converters to huawei that are used in their networking infrastructure . 
  do n't forget those sneaky khajit raising the crime rates . 
  agreed , hence my second paragraph . 
  i think the biggest issue is an out of date diet that was more important when the majority of the population was working in manual labor , it has n't really worked out well since most of western europe and north america switched to a post-industrial consumer based economy . 
  overweight on the bmi scale does n't require much and does n't discriminate between fat percentage and muscle , so a very fit but muscular person could be seen as more overweight according to their bmi than a `` skinny fat '' person who does n't exercise much . 
  this of course is n't trying to justify the increase in overweight/obese people , their is definitely a nutritional crisis in north america and europe based on an outdated diet for a more active generation . 
  did they ever finish building the train station ? 
  the nsa did nothing wrong . 
  definitely not india , i do n't even think india was considered a buyer for the f-35 . 
  nah that is just a stereotype in the media `` mexican having a siesta under a cactus wearing a goofy oversized sombrero '' working with them every day they are definitely not lazy , some of the toughest and hardest working people in america . 
   lotr movies are way more entertaining that the books . 
  people dispute this ? 
  i thought those books sucked , i always fall asleep in 20 pages or less . 
  brazil is going backwards in both of those as well recently . 
  brazil 's growth is limited now as well , so you can cross that out of emerging economies . 
  that 's just sad , my wife is from wales so i know a bit more about it than most americans , but when i tell people where she 's from they either ask if it 's in ` england ' or a country in continental europe . 
  i do n't hate our capital but that is because it is just so very tiny . 
  communism is a pretty idealistic form of government that betrays most human nature , maybe that is why it always fails in practice . 
  yes , muh heritage is 14/88ths pure european . 
  i live in massachusetts , the state set aside 30 million just to repair potholes from this seasons winter , and we have the worst drivers in the country according to auto insurance companies . 
  every state is different though when it comes to driving , despite our reputation i think a lot of massachusetts drivers are ok compared to others in new england * cough * connecticut * cough * . 
  driving in texas was pretty sweet . 
  people are not pissed because people say no , it 's because people are over-exaggerating every bad thing about the us and sounding pretty ignorant about the country . 
  many americans are subbed here to learn more about europe from a europeans perspective , not to read troll comments from r/worldnews rejects . 
  yeah i 'm surprised he got so many upvotes , the first part of the post was ok but then it got a bit extreme in the hatred . 
  when you live in a tiny country that has spent centuries under the heel of a larger neighbor you tend to appreciate someone willing to fight your battles for you . 
  the baltic countries are very supportive of the us tour given the recent trend of russian aggression . 
  again though it 's somewhat of a broad statement depending on where in the states you live , massachusetts for instance , where i live , has very few religious people , the most catholic people i know here are not american at all but immigrants from portugal and south america . 
  this can be said for a lot of the northeast and the west coast , i believe oregon or washington is the most irreligious state in the union . 
  even when i lived in texas in the metropolitan areas there were not a ton of very religious people , it 's just the rural and less developed places that usually have a higher proportion of religious people ( which can be said for many countries in europe as well . ), 
  the people that helped elect bush have been around a lot longer than just his administration , and some looneys are still being elected based on poor voter turnout or gerrymandered districts , but crazy religious people is not an american problem , i have met my fair share of `` evangelical '' christians from all over the anglosphere . 
  til reading this thread i see a lot of europeans still have a very bush-era view of americans as southern or midwestern , very religious , and politically conservative . 
  not really like that at all in a great many places , but i wo n't hide that we do have many issues . 
  then again there are also people in this thread who paint europe with one brush . 
  the wealth in russia is far more concentrated . 
  it 'd be like calling the sons of liberty fascist because occasionally they tarred and feathered a poor bastard , cruel and terrible yes , fascist ? 
  nope . 
  there were protests in the hundreds of thousands in dc before the iraq war and few used the rhetoric some russians use when describing the war in donbass . 
  the big thing to remember is russian government is dominated by united russia , putin 's party , and civilians do n't exactly get a strong voice for dissent in russian media . 
  no , russians can be very good people , but right now , there is a lot of anti-western hysteria taking over , and even people who used to be critical of putin have started to take on a more pro-russian stance . 
  the problem in russian society today is nationalism is winning , people are seeing themselves not as a part of europe or any international community but as russian , and not only that they are being told that as a russian , their way of life is being threatened by europe and north america . 
  russians have always seen themselves as the defenders of their land , and when threatened they tend to stay together in the face of adversity , which can be dangerous when paranoia outweighs reason . 
  friends with benefits ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  the us overseas territories have no congressional representation and can not vote for us president either . 
  there are some pluses but a lot more minuses it seems . 
  john oliver did an interesting [ segment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceshr99ezwe ) on the whole thing . 
  i think that would depend on the kurds attacking them , if it were a domestic terror issue i do not think they would be able to force nato to help them . 
  in the case of 9/11 , the us said they were under attack from a foreign enemy , and given the massive scale of destruction that day and the targets hit i think that was justified . 
  they will just say it was a ukrainian buk stolen from the ua and probably worse , go back to the `` they used civilian planes as cover '' theory . 
  well part of it has been finland 's economic reliance on the russian federation as well , they are pretty big trading partners and finland has n't wanted to risk that by joining nato . 
  russians are just tortured finns turned evil by magic ? 
  but we did n't invoke article 5 in iraq , nobody was forced to go there . 
  if you mean afghanistan , non-nato members joined isaf as well , not in major roles but there was support . 
  shit is getting weird , i do n't really want him to be dead and have some power struggle of crazy people but i hope this disappearance is at least something interesting and not like when everyone said kim jong un had died because he disappeared . 
  i find the community here to be quite nice , i subbed back when there were much less people , around 60k or so , but as it has grown i believe this subreddit has weathered the storm of shitposting quite well . 
  many here share a similar worldview to me , and i enjoy talking to a fair few of you . 
  i also have always enjoyed european history and culture , i wish i had a lot more money so i could explore more of your continent . 
  oh and my wife is british so i enjoy getting some news about the uk . 
  rand paul possibly , he is n't an interventionist except in extreme circumstances . 
  if he actually stuck to his principles after being elected though is a different question . 
  a lot of them moved to r/russia to spread the same bs . 
  they see putin as some bastion against the evil nwo that is trying to make them all `` race mix and have homosex ... '', 
  a good portion of the people who post more extreme views on r/russia are expats in the us many of whom have n't stepped foot in russia since soviet times or only go there on vacation , so it is even worse in a sense that they support putin/russian military and live with zero of the repercussions of extremist action . 
  eh people in the media and on the internet cause an inflated view of extremist popularity , they are still fringe . 
  i ca n't believe the shit fellow americans say on the internet but then i always realize that most of us are not like them . 
  the ghost of patrick swayze will teach me guerilla warfare he learned by hunting deer and playing football . 
  that 's what happens when you allow your prejudices to view people as less than human . 
  the really scary thing is how young some children are being `` programmed '' with this mentality that jews/europeans/north americans/homosexuals/christians etc. 
  are less than human and deserve all the violence bestowed on them . 
  my sister used to work for a jcc preschool and they were routinely told to be vigilant for attackers , after one was attacked by a white supremacist she did n't even want to go to work . 
  i would n't necessarily compare britain to countries with 1/10th and 1/100th the population . 
  people do n't allow sanders to make claims that he can turn the us into a scandinavian style socialist country , so the same should be said for the uk . 
  it 's a very different country , with very different people . 
  `` proofs '' or it did n't happen . 
  nobody is trying to attack russia over drills , you are just complaining about the hostility the russian government faces over incidents like these , but russia has n't really done anything in the last 70 years to really warrant anyone in eastern europe trusting them , and the internet troll butthurt brigades only sour public opinion more . 
  if you want to simulate a drill of an invasion of finland/estonia you do not necessarily need to have the drill right on the border of the country , that is a provocation and russians are famous for their dick waving . 
  on the other hand , if the us is doing naval drills with poland , doing these exercises in international waters near poland/kaliningrad is fine . 
  russia being the largest country on earth must have a hard time finding places to train it 's troops ... 
   we have seen in yugoslavia and soviet union how merging multiple nations into a single state can go very badly the us survives because of the separation of powers , a federal government that can be checked by a state government , and a common culture and for the most part , language . 
  the us also has n't had enough history with being separate , to really feel bitter about being lumped together in a union which can not be said of the soviet union . 
  i 'm fine with them but not with a tomato sauce base , the acids in both overpower every other flavor on the pizza and it makes it suck . 
  also there 's a big difference in quality between freshly cut and grilled pineapple/anana and the canned sog in sugar water . 
  it 's a pretty good pizza with quality ingredients , with cheap ingredients it 's like vomit . 
  go active with radar and lock onto the planes , that should send the right message . 
  or they could have the ciws take potshots at them . 
  if they wanted to freak the pilots out , they most certainly could have achieved a radar lock with missiles , but then the russians would have cried `` provocation , proofs , war-mongerers !, 
  etc. '', 
  despite the fact that they themselves locked on to a us reconnaissance plane last year . 
  russians saying buzzing a ship is n't dangerous are full of shit , if they did n't have the potential to unleash nuclear hell on the world both those jets would be at the bottom of the baltic sea and the us would be telling putin to fuck himself . 
  it 's like being at a party with one drunk guy who insists on having a loaded gun on him at all times , he starts fucking with people but nobody wants to kick his ass because he might just pull out that gun and kill somebody . 
  the us happens to be the more mature player here . 
  i committed what could only be described as war crimes on my brother 's masters of the universe collection of action figures . 
  we would put them one by one on a large boulder , above which we had constructed a pulley system attached to another large rock , and we took turns dropping the stones on the figures smashing them into pieces . 
  then we dug a mass grave on the property line and put them all in there . 
  about 15 years later i saw one of the figures starting to come up through the mud . 
  i live in massachusetts , my grandfather told me we have family that stretches to the mayflower , which i believe because he is a huge history buff and has our genealogy traced back to 14th century england .
