  i remember reading that the heaters on the ship do n't work so it is freezing in the colder climates and sweltering the hot climates , and that half the toilets on the ship are non-functioning . 
  it is most definitely an office space quote . 
  that 's the common cold . 
  real flu is often a strain of influenza . 
  stomach flu can be a multitude of viruses . 
  he was in ip man 3 ... i had to turn it off because of him , he just destroyed the atmosphere in the movie , it was kind of shit from the start anyways . 
  no janice , i do n't want to see your video of russian 's committing warcrimes !, 
  the us would stand to gain a lot more from using ukraine as a proxy to boost arms sales than rebels in syria who have no fucking money and mixed loyalties . 
   but instead of burning the stuff up properly the us just wants to dilute it . 
  this method essentially allows us to turn the processed fuel back to weapons grade . 
  for what purpose ? 
  the us military can barely maintain it 's current nuclear stockpile , expansion is out of the question . 
  tupolev tu-22 rate of climb 15 m/s ( 2,950 ft/min ) . 
  1.8 km is n't a huge distance . 
  yesterday a tu-160 blackjack was intercepted by raf jets . 
  there are frequent patrols of russian aircraft over western europe and hundreds of interceptions a year . 
  good deterrence to protect sovereignty , but as an offensive measure in this day and age i would say they are pretty useless . 
  the threat is there , but is it credible ? 
  north korea is the only regime i could see actually using a nuclear device without the threat of mad . 
  if they did use one , south korea would absolutely destroy them , along with china , japan , and the us . 
  that 's why i did n't include mad . 
  one of the main characters in the strain is an armenian who had grown up in romania , where he was exposed to `` strigoi '' from an early age . 
  strigoi is romanian for a vampire like creature . 
  i was n't trying to attack you , i was just pointing out that roads in the southern us are probably in better condition than roads in the northern states . 
  i live in massachusetts , are roads are terrible . 
  we get a lot of snow and ice most years , along with areas that have very heavy traffic , metropolitan boston is close to 5 million people . 
  we pretty much have road work being done year round , and ma consistently ranks as the state with the worst drivers . 
  it makes driving here really fun ... 
  the roads in the south are actually not that bad , very rural unpaved roads could be terrible , but the northern roads that are hit with seasonal ices and thaws require a lot more maintenance . 
  i think they were referring to physical size . 
  we have states larger than germany . 
  esperanto 's time to shine . 
  lernu or be destroyed . 
   has no giant statue in the sea close to the city . 
  that 's definitely based on the colossus of rhodes though , and braavos and all the free cities definitely have a more mediterranean vibe than an american one . 
  also while braavos was founded by escaped slaves , it remained largely hidden from valyria until after the doom . 
  whereas the american colonies were deliberately settled and immediately had an economic relationship with britain . 
  you could make the same analogy of the slaver cities being the us , as our foundation was heavily based on slavery and indentured servitude . 
  they also had a testy relationship with valyria . 
  absolutely stunning pictures , half of those places look like they are out of a fantasy world . 
  now i need money and a lot of time to visit . 
  i do n't know man , i can order a 19 '' 3lb pizza here , it would take a weekend of having pizza for lunch and dinner to kill that beast . 
  yup 72 % turnout is pretty abysmal given the weight of the referendum . 
  i 'm already telling these anti-trump americans to take these results as a warning of what voter apathy can lead to . 
  the remaining 28 % of the electorate could have made all the difference , but nobody will know now . 
  oh i visit often and agree people are usually friendly , but this thread is super salty . 
  the last thread posted about a month ago on the same topic divulged into the same comments about how all americans are ignorant of war , disrespectful , and suffer add so the game needs to cater to them . 
  good chance to bash americans despite the game being made by dice 's stockholm office . 
  same response about the bolt action rifles , the multiplayer needs to be viable friends , nobody is going to want to play a 100 hours of multiplayer shooting bolt-action rifles at each other in trenches . 
  nor do they want to jump in a tank that tops out at 2 mph and breaks down every 250 feet . 
  france will be in the game at some point , it 's dlc , which i know is also a reddit boogeyman . 
  the miss universe pageant does n't allow extraterrestrials to compete , i am butthurt . 
  baseball is huge in japan , slightly different rules but not a different game by any means . 
  it 's also extremely popular in a few caribbean and south american countries . 
  they needed the multiplayer to be viable , it was hard enough to convince ea to allow them to make a wwi game at all . 
  having watched the gameplay it looks enjoyable still . 
  even if they made the game all bolt-action rifles , you would still have people running and jumping around . 
  native speakers said the chinese and russian in bf4 was n't great , do n't get your hopes up , they may even shout in english with some silly accent . 
  $ 120 for 500 + hours of multiplayer is very much worth it for me . 
  hell i 'd pay a monthly service fee if dice continued to churn out worthy dlc . 
  the dlc for past bf games has n't even been mediocre , they always deliver with fun new maps and weapons and go far beyond just re-skinning things . 
  everyone knew bf1 was going to have dlc , it 's been the standard since bad company 2 , they are n't going to stop now when the player numbers for bf4 are still very high . 
   though they 're just mostly extra manpower for disaster-relief us national guard is also used for that purpose , as well as population control in times of disaster or extreme rioting . 
  the first combat aircraft capable of tea-bagging . 
  there was an aussie in the trailer , this list is bs . 
  everyone in this thread is literally crying about a video game and whose country had more men die , it 's pretty fucking weak . 
  this is n't even an official release from the developers , but a fan wiki with speculation . 
  fuck sakes r/europe less salt you will live longer . 
  `` we 're calling it battlefield 1 because world war i was the origin of modern combat '' may not be a direct quote , but that is what the devs said in an interview . 
   french games wo n't stop all these americans from being assholes with the historical awareness of a mayfly . 
  it 's a video game first . 
  i have already said in other comments there is evidence of french equipment being in the game , france made many tanks and aircraft in the war and they will likely show up . 
  it 's unlikely this list is even real . 
  are we really assholes because the game ( which you are n't even sure of ) may not have french people ? 
  france is welcome to make their own video games . 
  considering dice is swedish and making successful games for worldwide audiences there is nothing stopping france making french games . 
  ubisoft is french but they make shit . 
   french bashing is still strong in america , not supporting the iraq war is still hard to swallow for some . 
  i would n't say strong . 
  i would say far-right people still bring it up , but average americans became francophiles after bataclan and started bringing up how france was our oldest ally . 
  someone who had seen gameplay mentioned over on r/battlefield that they saw footage of what looked like galipolli , and the devs mentioned there was a map similar to a `` normandy style beach invasion '', 
  probably did n't want to have a campaign with all french voice acting or bad dubbing with `` le french accent '' . 
  they did n't do much for the chinese in bf4 , a lot of the time it was just english dialogue with chinese accents , or incorrect chinese being spoken . 
  it was risky marketing dice had to consider . 
  historically inaccurate yes , but they have already said they set out to make a fun game first , an accurate portrayal of wwi second . 
   search for a rendition of tchaikovsky 's 1812 overture on youtube and then marvel at all the comments from american users asking if it refers to the war of 1812 . 
  there is a reason for this . 
  the 1812 overture is played annually by the boston pops during the july 4th concert , i believe it is played elsewhere as well , so many americans assume it has something to do with american history . 
  this . 
  plus i believe the single player campaign will feature the harlem hellfighters as playable character ( s ) given the pre-order features they have mentioned and the cover art . 
  undoubtedly the game will be much more popular in the anglosphere than elsewhere . 
  historically though , if france makes no appearance in the campaign than that is pretty shit . 
  maybe they will show up in dlc . 
  edit : also the renault ft-17 is confirmed by a few people , so i think france will be in mp . 
  i work with a bunch of latin americans who just refer to eachother as spanish when speaking english , they do n't seem to use the words hispanic or latino , if your mother-language is spanish you get called spanish . 
  on the census you can really say whatever you want , there is non-defined and other categories i believe , or just say you are non-hispanic white if it offends you to be lumped in with south americans ( i mean the census is pretty inconsiderate of all the races ) . 
  if that 's the case why is the kremlin incredibly butthurt by this move ? 
  if it does nothing to counter their missile doctrine then why cry about it ? 
  is it just typical russian butthurt about everything nato ? 
  depends on what russia 's end game is , a missile defense system takes away a lot of advantages of a first strike capability , as many of the planned missiles could be intercepted and destroyed , giving nato a chance to retaliate with missiles .
