  are you saying georgia struck first ? 
  south ossetia and abkhazia are still not reconized as independent by a multitude of nations , using this as a defense for russia justifies russian actions in crimea and donetsk as well ... 
  the last time the west had an alliance with russia they liberated a lot of countries but then refused to leave . 
  it has always been in russia 's interests to expand their borders as much as possible , and looking at the nationalist rhetoric coming out of moscow and the drastic increases in military spending , it is n't inconceivable to see history repeat itself . 
  russia makes it 's own bed nowadays , the constant blame game is getting tiresome and being proven entirely unfounded . 
  i think you mean 50 's , the 30 's were marked by recovery from the great depression and it was n't a very happy time and actually no young americans are really pining for that time , if anything they would be looking towards the mid 90 's , early 2000 's again . 
  the people that want to return to the 50 's are the people who were children in the 50 's and now are members of congress . 
   cuba , venezeula , and brazil cuba actively cracked down on artists and homosexuals and is a one party state , venezuela has an extremely high violent crime rate and questionable government for decades , and brazil is rife with crime and corruption as well . 
  what do you actually know about these countries ? 
  us is that neighbor that does pta and starts neighborhood watches to root out the kiddie fiddlers but has some dirty laundry of their own , but is overall not a terrible neighbor ( but they eavesdrop on everything ) . 
  russia is that neighbor who stockpiles weapons , claims everything is a conspiracy , and does n't leave their own house much . 
  you would like to invite them over for a summer cookout now and again but they always do something to piss you off/freak you out too much , and when some gay neighbors moved in he went on a rampage about how the neighborhood had gone to shit and that is was mostly america 's fault . 
  oh there were some armchair generals from the us . 
  i do n't blame them really , you look on the internet and all you see is crap about how weak the us military is becoming and how we need to increase our military budget ( even though it 's already ridiculous ) . 
  they also did n't seem to understand that we , and many countries , routinely upgrade our airframes . 
  people were trying to say that a b-52 deployed in the early 50 's is the same as a b-52 operating today . 
  but it 's reddit , everyone is an armchair expert on something . 
  mostly other americans who were ignorant about the actual capabilities of the b-52 . 
  i am sure someone will say the b-2 is also shit . 
  there is a sense of historical irony reading this comment from a bavarian . 
  truth , i have even heard some japanese saying they were glad that the us ended the pacific war when they did , as bad as the atomic bombings were , a full invasion of the japanese mainland would have opened on two fronts with the soviet union invading the north which could have resulted in japan being split into two halves like the korean peninsula . 
  you really should n't imagine military conflict in purely defensive strategies . 
  the only correction i will make to this is that the kgb was operating well outside the ussr and it 's satellite states to push the kremlin 's agendas . 
  and while not directly using military force for regime change like the us , there was plenty of material support coming out of the soviet union for friendly regimes . 
  do you really think north vietnam procured all of that russian made equipment themselves ? 
  or learned to fly mig-21 fighters with a manual ? 
  i do n't agree with any of the shady shit the us did in the cold war but you are kind of white washing the soviet role in the world . 
  yeah but imagine if reddit was around when the ussr existed ? 
  the soviet trolls would be interesting assuming they were even allowed access to the world wide web . 
  i agree that europe should increase military spending , but i do not like when people come on reddit saying that the russian military is on par with the us already just because they increased defense spending . 
  a lot of their new projects are still in prototype phase , they invented potentially one of the scariest missiles on earth ( brahmos ) but they do n't even have ships capable of deploying the missile yet . 
  a lot of their military has extreme deployability issues , and russia is simply too large a landmass for them to ever effectively defend without nukes . 
  if it delivers on promises it could be like the re-invention of gunpowder , leading to a renaissance in weaponry . 
  it will also be interesting to see where that hypersonic scramjet will be heading . 
  ships are decreasing in size but the current trend is a reduction in rcs while also deploying advanced missiles . 
  the us navy is experiementing with a rail gun that can fire a projectile at nearly 7,000 mph and it would be cheaper than a conventional missile . 
  you are giving too much credit to the russian military , they are spending billions to modernize but the wounds from georgia are still fresh and the problems of corruption are festering those wounds . 
  having a couple divisions with newer rifles and camoflage is n't going to win a war or make up for all the other divisions with ancient equipment . 
  as for saying the b-52 is a sixty year old plane ... it has been modernized many times , as all of our aircraft have been and has been refitted to carry newer and better weaponry as well . 
  the russians also use an older aircraft as a long range bomber . 
  exceptional defense has been russian military doctrine for decades , offensively they rely too much on nuclear weapon deployment . 
  a lot of cheaper yet traditional british foodstuffs do n't go very well with 21st century sedentary lifestyles . 
  now if you were a ploughman or coal miner eating all that shit was n't so bad because you could burn off all those calories , but sitting at a computer eating scotch eggs or toad in the hole is gon na cause some problems . 
  still ca n't point the finger solely at britain , 1/3 of the world is now overweight or obese , it 's a global problem with how we live and how we eat . 
  non-military instruments of foreign policy caused appeasement and led to genocide , it 's a doubel-edged sword . 
  you will find the country that pussyfoots around the world is rarely respected or taken seriously , reminds me of the team america `` dicks , pussies , and assholes '' speech . 
  the us is a dick , germany is often a pussy , and russia is quickly becoming an unchecked asshole . 
  you are n't a dick , you mention events that i implied , but to respond if the us can not wash it 's hands of any wrongdoing than neither can europe . 
  you say us intervention has destabilized the world for the worst ? 
  what about the sykes-picot agreement and decolonization of africa , how about french control of indochina ? 
  the us gave a lot of material support with the lend-lease act to europe prior to an axis declaration of war against the united states , and you skipped over the fact that there was another front in the pacific . 
  after the war the marshall plan ensured european countries would be able to rebuild and enjoy the quality of life many take for granted today . 
  i would never use a wikipedia article to understand political ideologies , nor would i attempt to generalize the politics of a country of 320 million diverse people , 
  foreign intervention in the last 50 years involved a lot more than fighting , which left plenty of resentment towards the us . 
  but it is funny hearing from a european that the best thing for europe is for the us to stay out of european affairs and not play any role in defense . 
  look at history before 1991 and you might rethink some of those statements . 
  i do not believe western europe could have defended itself alone against the soviet union , nor do i think the us playing no part in wwii would have ended well either . 
  and for every country on earth that has resentment towards the us for foreign intervention , there are plenty of people thankful for it . 
  you are examining history too closely from one side of the looking glass . 
  edit : you also seem to think the us military can only do wrong , but even recent history shows just how narrowminded that is . 
  while ahmadinejad was sitting around blaming haarp for the floods in pakistan ( like an idiot ) it was the us military that was airlifting remote villagers to safety and delivering first air supplies . 
  it was the us navy that was quick to respond to the 2004 tsunami that left so many dead , and it was the us navy and marines again that helped prevent haiti from turning to apocalyptic chaos in the aftermath of the earthquake . 
  it was the us that donated a huge amount of money to the phillippines after the typhoon , when other countries some of you put on a pedestal donated an almost insulting amount of money , countries right next door . 
  your use of nationalism is far too generalized , mine may be too specific , but in the case of many americans they are patriotic in the sense they love the united states and yet most can find flaw with the government , our society , and yearn for something better , that does not define nationalist behavior . 
  the right-wing in this country spends 95 % of their time talking about how crap things have gotten , i guess you could call them nostalgic nationalists because very few would go on about how the us is the greatest country on earth today , if they did they would be guilty of hypocrisy . 
  many countries are capable of defending themselves , you need to have force projection if you want to be a superpower . 
  military strength is n't everything but if you look at current events , pretty much all criticism of obama 's foreign policy is that there is too much soft power that is allowing russia and china to become emboldened in their respective regions . 
  for europe , power projection will be in the form of naval power since by land europe is rather isolated from the rest of the world , much like the us which became dominant by increasing it 's control over both the atlantic and pacific sea routes , and i do n't see many european countries investing too heavily in naval projection in europe outside of france and the uk and even then it is lacking to many . 
   hand over heart at national anthem that is tradition , and as an outsider you would be fine not doing that , though you ought to stand out of sheer respect , as many tourists in any country would do . 
  a lot of countries play a national anthem at sporting events , in the case of hockey in north america ( since the nhl is representative of two nations ) the anthems of both the us and canada are played . 
  nationalism is emboldened by unity , it is hard for a country as diverse as the us to have nationalists , and i think you are confusing harmless patriotism and often satire on reddit for nationalism . 
  nazism was boosted by a semi-mythological belief that the german/aryan people were a master race , and as a pointed out earlier the same thing is happening in russian nationalists groups today , there is a pan-slavic , orthodox culture being promoted that seperates itself from the `` decadence '' of an ever increasingly progressive western world , and this is even being promoted in state media and the duma . 
  budget is n't everything , there is a problem with logistics when it comes to deployability and effective cooperation among 28 different militaries . 
  the eu would have to utilize one sovereign military rather than dozens of smaller militaries , some of which lack any defense if expected to act indpedently of nato . 
  oh chinese nationalism certainly exists , the han ethnic group was artificially constructed as a way to boost nationalism , and plenty of unique cultures in the prc are supressed to maintain homogeny . 
  russia is currently toying with eurasianism again and slavic/orthodox nationalism . 
  the us has nationalists but many of them are not taken very seriously , most of our conservatives in congress are parodied often and trends show the majority of americans are becoming increasingly progressive , moreso than some eu states even . 
  in russia the nationalists are gaining traction , here racial/ethnic supremacists are quite obscure . 
  do n't take some anons on the internet too seriously . 
  learning that the kuznetsov frequently travels with a tug because it breaks down all the time hit me in the feels , that is a first for a warship . 
  i feel like pixar could make a movie about the kuznetsov that could . 
  depends on a lot of circumstances , i see a lot of problems with the increasing nationalism of smaller peoples today , representation and respect is important but not at the cost of creating a larger diplomatic crisis over what a small group of people might see as legitimate issues . 
  humanity should be coming together in this day and age to tackle major issues , not creating micronations for every ethnic group . 
  why do we get this article now ? 
  seems like russia is already calming it 's shit now that the economy is in the toilet and they do n't even want donetsk . 
  i highly doubt russia would try anything new at this point , things got hot after crimea but it looks like that tiny patch of land will be more trouble than it is worth for the next decade . 
  i do n't completely agree with you that china is a bully , they have ambiguous intentions when it comes to foreign relations , they want to appear strong but they do n't want to always come off as dicks , the chinese know they are very dependent on foreign wealth for continued gdp growth , most of which is coming from europe and the united states , so antagonizing either rarely happens . 
  china only butts heads with the us because of differing opinions on taiwan , the koreas , and japan . 
  i would say not to look too much into this military drill , the head of the plan was touring us military installations and having official state receptions and china for the first time ever this year will be participating in rimpac . 
  `` petroleum and petroleum products '' i just read that in the voice of hank hill ... 
  us economists have actually pitched that idea ... 
  it is happening in the us as well , at the federal level it still seems like a nation of homophobic assholes but more and more states are legalizing gay marriage and the polls of the public show the majority are in support of gay marriage . 
  since i live in massachusetts it has never really been seen as a big deal , but it seems strange to think elsewhere in this country people still fear coming out in some areas because of violence and marginalization . 
  still glad to see steps in the right direction . 
  i have always been a big fan of the alien series and have seen a lot of his other work too , really cool guy , his art will be missed . 
  this is what happens when you let your populace get it 's news from rupert murdoch 's media crazy train , same can be said for americans , some of us are quite knowlegeable on politics , others are fucking insane , the ones who get all their news from fox or a fringe right wing talk show sound deluded , just as the british people who only read the sun and daily mail will likely be ill informed . 
  free press is a double-edged sword , you take power from the state but at the same time you give power to rich and powerful people who have their own motives , including dumbing down a good chunk of the electorate so you can control elections . 
  i concur , since ukraine is not a nato member there would be no need for nato to be mustered but it would definitely initiate a proxy war between russia and the west sadly using ukraine as the guy in the middle . 
  there would also probably be significant military buildup in poland and the baltics ( what we have seen is nothing in comparison ) . 
  the un might try and enforce a no fly zone over ukraine too , though i am not sure how russia would react to that .
