i like how you keep admitting that you 're wrong and then just invent a new reason why it failed . 
  factories are factories , equipment is equipment and cheap workforce is cheap workforce . 
  nobody had cheaper workforce in europe than us after 1999 . 
  and somehow we managed to fuck up every single fucking privatisation . 
  but not it 's ca n't be the fault of holy djindjic on heaven , protector of the democratic party . 
  it 's not control . 
  and milosevic could n't get him in montenegro ? 
  did n't jso kill djindjic ? 
  did n't milosevic control jso ? 
  are you an idiot ? 
  when did the russians say they would help ? 
  they did n't . 
  in fact milosevic surrendered 1 day after meeting with the russian ambassador . 
  they got us to stand down . 
  otherwise milosevic would have continued . 
  and to add on to do , we were n't best buddies with russia . 
  we were n't best buddies with the soviet union . 
  we in fact broke up with soviet union , got kicked out of every single one of their organizations . 
  and we joined the western world largely . 
  so no , russia was n't our butt-buddy in the 90s and even before , since 1948 . 
  `` it was mandatory in croatia recently , by the constitution , and most countries ascending to eu membership did hold a referendum '' i 'll be what i want , even condescending . 
  what you read here was exactly what i said . 
  it is not required to hold a referendum . 
  croatia did , required by croatian constitution , not eu . 
  most nations did , however there are some who did n't . 
  so yeah i am completely right on this one . 
  you 're just prattling on irrelevant stuff . 
  and yes fuck diaspora . 
  the fact you do n't agree with the facts says that you only ca n't deal with reality . 
  look at the numbers . 
  over 60 % of our state firms were `` privatized '' after milosevic . 
  the biggest and the best we had were after milosevic . 
  blaming it all on him is idiotic . 
  you would n't call it being safe . 
  again your personal opinion . 
  montenegro was largely spared of the bombing . 
  that is a fact . 
  and montenegro did have a lot of potentially valuable targets . 
  we had bases there , and they were at the border with kosovo . 
  of course political assassinations are threatened and the blame is taken off the table for him fleeing . 
  it 's bullshit , you really think milosevic could n't assassinate him inside montenegro ? 
  we were the same country . 
  there was no safety in montenegro . 
  yeah shot down by every country we knew . 
  we were n't even internationally recognized as a country by most other nations . 
  sure i would have loved having it i still prefer french over russians , but what ? 
  if the russians said okay we can have it , ottomans and austrians would n't have . 
  should they have went to war with both just so we can have a constitution ? 
  be realistic please , among nations there are no friends , just interests . 
  russians are n't going to care for us , we do n't even care for us . 
  since you mention the french , what did the french do ? 
  did they at least protest the bombing ? 
  they bombed but with remorse in their hearts ? 
  what did france do about out 1835 constitution ? 
  what did great britain ? 
  germany ? 
  as i said there are no friends among nations only interests . 
  one of the russian leaders said `` russia has only two friends , army and navy . '', 
  and it 's true . 
  yes in this magnitude it always existed . 
  you do n't seem to understand that common people do n't care for these things of politics . 
  they know and they saw russian volunteers through ages coming here to fight for what is not their nation . 
  there were greek and russian volunteers in every war we had in the 90s . 
  and way before that , starting with 1804 . 
  sometimes even entire armies . 
  red army liberated vojvodina in 1945 . 
  we survived , more than enough . 
  no , holding a referendum is not mandatory to join the eu . 
  just one more thing were you are wrong  and no people do n't do what vucic says . 
  people do n't care what vucic says . 
  people follow vucic because party connections get them jobs . 
  it 's survival nothing else . 
  you say vucic is a semi-dictator , i say he 's dancing on glass legs . 
  he can easily fall if need be . 
  any nation can sponsor a coup here . 
  any . 
  people would follow , because hey it 's what we do . 
  third , diaspora ? 
  eu does n't give a fuck about vucic . 
  your point of view is so one sided and not shared by a majority of our people . 
  i even felt compelled to make an account just in order to post that people do n't see it like that . 
  after 2000 is where most of `` privatisation '' robberies have taken place . 
  during kostunica and djindjic , not during milosevic . 
  if by gaining respect you mean did what we were told yes . 
  nobody liked the 90s , there is a song called fuck the 90s , completely irrelevant to any kind of argument . 
  yugoslavia got the same deal in 1990 , to join the eu before any soviet countries . 
  we did n't reach an agreement with ourselves ( all republics needed to vote yes to the plan ) and so nothing happened . 
  plenty of people disliked djindjic getting to be the prime minister and still do . 
  while serbia was getting bombed in 99 he was safely in montenegro , and what more supported and called publicly for his country to be bombed . 
  no matter what kind of a politician are you , this is something that you should never do as a person . 
  djinjic was also a conservative party , we do n't really have liberal parties in serbia . 
  not fiscally liberal , not socially liberal . 
  we do n't have money to spend liberally . 
  russophilia existed way before this . 
  why do you think majority expected russia to support us if it did n't exist ? 
  why were there russian volunteers in bosnia , croatia , kosovo ? 
  greek ones ? 
  clearly love between both nations existed way before assassination of djindjic , portraying it like it 's a new thing is so wrong . 
  everyone stills feel betrayed so on that front nothing changed . 
  we are n't getting nowhere and we wo n't be getting nowhere .
