  i would n't be too fussed but germany keeps pushing the uk to accept more , they are welcome to take more if they have the housing/healthcare to handle them , but they should n't try send them to other countries after saying that . 
  if we make a ` similar statement ' and start accepting hundreds of thousands more i 'm voting ukip at the next election i expect . 
  they would n't starve in places like turkey , but they would ' t have the quality of life they would have in western european countries . 
  when they travel from turkey to somewhere like germany they are not doing to in fear of persecution so they are not asylum seekers , they are doing so to improve their financial situation so they are economic migrants . 
  if you think that that is justification to let them in , fair enough , but do n't forget there are more than 1 billion people in the world living on less than # 1 a day . 
  we should n't be allowing them to arrive at our borders , regardless of how many we take it should be done officially , transporting people in proper boats across the mediterranean , giving people who make the risky journey across the med preference instead of turning them around just encourages more to do it . 
  the only alternative is to accept anyone who turns up at the border with a sob story , which is truly unsustainable and would be abused by countless economic migrants . 
  that is a little vague , necessary to do what ? 
  how many refugees would you like to see germany accept a year , assuming several million were willing to , if you offered them the opportunity ? 
  in the uk there are towns and large areas of cities where pretty much only people of a certain race live , obviously it 's not state sponsored segregation , but it is segregation . 
  in the past european countries have taken many asylum seekers , the uk took hundreds of thousands seventy years ago when we had far less infrastructure , it 's not as though european countries do n't step up and do their duty when it comes to it . 
  it is not reasonable to expect us to do the same for every war in the world when there are plenty of safe countries nearby with far more similar cultures and languages . 
  are you saying being anti-mass immigration makes you a racist ? 
  well is it not true ? 
  i think it 's more amazing that there are people who have lived through all these changes and are still alive today . 
  do they actually speak that though ? 
  i though it was a bit like welsh , irish etc. 
  everyone learns a bit in school but nobody uses it in normal conversations . 
  mass immigration is not good for the economies of welfare states , even marx acknowledged that . 
  what language do they speak in andorra ? 
  i spent a week there last winter and i still have no idea , it sounded like a mix of spanish and french . 
  that is what i was saying, 
  how did we create this mess ? 
  if you go back decades and decades we did n't exactly help , but around a similar time to that germany was responsible for a genocide and millions of refugees , so you can hardly criticise . 
  europe is becoming more socially right wing , that is the reason for all the posts about high levels of migration, 
  sweden no, 
  if it has nothing to do with money why do so many migrants try get to the uk instead of settling in france ? 
  many of them speak little or no english so it 's not because of that . 
  does that include trawling the account of anyone who submits a post about immigration in the hopes of finding an excuse to remove that post ? 
  / r/europe is a default sub , it would make that a little pointless if you had to wait half a year before you could actually use it, 
  oh fuck off , everyone is pushing an agenda to some level . 
  i think it is rather hypocritical of the mods to criticise others for doing it after the 1000 bans and megathread . 
  pickles is pointing out the obvious, 
  i mean as litres instead of pints, 
  as soon as you mention marxism people will brand you a nut job , if you want to be taken seriously avoid calling it marxism/cultural marxism, 
  you buy beer by the litre in bars ? 
  i 'm european and i have no idea where kaliningrad is , guessing somewhere in the far east of europe, 
  european countries have very little in common with libya , to sent inuits to tibet would be very much like sending libyans to europe . 
  does this mean you are against libyans coming to europe ? 
  voat was full of racists and assholes at one point , now that other people have started joining it is pretty decent . 
  but that simply is n't true , i ca n't find any reference to this outside of this sub , the subscriber growth is nowhere near consistent with what you would expect if it was a default for all europeans and i even just made a throwaway to check and it was n't subscribed by default . 
  where does it say that ? 
  defaulting ? 
  i have n't seen anyone here support physically attacking migrants, 
  what do you mean ? 
  how is there a lack of moderation ? 
  bus fare *, 
  not to the animals, 
  well in the uk last time we had a left wing government we got both illegal war and massive immigration and the immigration was not caused by the war . 
  87 % upvoted , controversial ? 
  is n't that what sort by controversial is for ? 
  sweden yes, 
  someone 's been listening to the labour shills on here a bit too long, 
  where 's sweden when you need her ? 
  is this a swedish ukip ? 
  why is this big news ? 
  nigel farage [ phoned ] ( http://www.lbc.co.uk/nigel-farage-asks-question-in-labour-debate-113371 ) in to a debate between the potential labour leaders ( second biggest party ) this week on the radio , i thought that was pretty funny . 
  it 's not lying , it 's called doublethink, 
  about god damn time, 
  there is n't much they can do to stop the war , it 's not as black and white as good side and bad side , often it is extreme islamist vs genocidal dictator, 
  sweden yes, 
  i would guess east germans do n't think too much of russia, 
   a tourist finds it funny to pee in the middle of the street or start shouting at 5 am yeah you should see birmingham on a saturday night mate, 
  if we stopped encouraging people to risk their lives in boats to get here and instead took australia 's route of considering asylum requests before they come and turning any illegal boats around then we would see far far fewer deaths . 
  i doubt the labour party will hold onto their votes , if they elect the virtual tory as leader they lose the left of their party , if they elect the far left activist guy they lose the centre ground . 
  he was not the only pedophile with a title in the uk, 
  i fail to see how it is yes and no , the intention of the eu is ever closer union , you might argue there are pros and cons to it , but there is no question that the eu wants to have more power, 
  the largest uk party in the european parliament is a party which hates the eu , the largest french party in the european parliament is a party which hates the eu , it really does n't make a difference, 
  well is that not the intention of the eu ? 
  on the off chance this actually happens , please do n't turn this into a censorship fest by deleting anything that is at all critical , remember this is not an ama subreddit, 
  that is why parties like ukip are on the rise, 
  why ? 
  even the refugees on the boats in the med are usually made up of mostly working age men http://i.imgur.com/xi9q7i0.jpg, 
   you have tradeoffs everywhere . 
  trade-off noun a balance achieved between two desirable but incompatible features ; a compromise . 
  i 'm struggling to see the desirable side of letting hundreds of thousands of economic migrants into europe . 
  what i find strange is that these ` refugees ' are almost always working age men , if they are really fleeing persecution and are not economic migrants then why leave their families behind ? 
  well the pin prick is nowhere near as bad . 
  `` essentially , this is a procedure that is gaining cultural acceptance which is meant as a harmless representative of the harmful cultural procedure of larger scale female genital circumcision or mutilation . 
  a doctor makes a pinprick intended to draw a single drop of blood from a girl 's clitoris , usually shortly after birth . 
  with a localized sterilizing agent and anesthetic applied , and under the careful application of a medical doctor , this procedure results in only a very short term and minor pain without lasting health , sexual or visual consequences . 
  the goal is for the procedure to symbolize the more extreme cultural practices so that they can be replaced with this far more benign procedure . 
  this procedure has been blanket banned in most of north america and european countries but is gaining popularity in africa and asia ( where the actual genital mutation is happening , in some places rampantly ) '' i think it should be banned too though , also i would argue that circumcision can cause psychological damage , many men who have had it done certainly seem to hate the fact it was done to them at any rate . 
  well they did try to change it ( and rightly so , it is ridiculous at the moment ), 
  from the comments - worth reading mr hochauser , please do not presume to speak for me , i am circumcised and i greatly dislike it . 
  i am also a staff member on the largest foreskin restoration social network in the world . 
  i can show you 10s of thousands of men who feel the same as i do . 
  you talk about fgm being risky , you 're right , it is . 
  so is male genital mutilation . 
  every year more male babies die in the us as a result of circ complications than die from cot death or automobile accidents . 
  think about that for a second . 
  more children die from elective unnecessary surgery than from car accidents or the leading cause of premature infant death . 
  how can this be right or moral ? 
  how do you feel about the jewish babies contracting herpes from the metzitzah b ` peh ceremony ? 
  do you think it is right for a mohel to suck the penis of a freshly circumcised child ? 
  circumcised men are more likely to early onset suffer erectile dysfunction . 
  female partners of circumcised males are three more likely to suffer inorgasmia . 
  i would also like to draw your attention to the current uk law against fgm . 
  fgm is defined on a continuum from a simple pin pr\u00edck with which to draw a token drop of blood , to the removal of all external anatomy , to infibulation which is the former plus the sewing up of the v\u00e1gina to only allow \u00farination and m\u00e9nstruation . 
  how can it be illegal for a female child to be pricked with a pin , causing momentary pain and zero long term damage , yet it be legal for up to 70 % of the skin of a males p-nis to be stripped away , robbing him of three out of four of his erogenous zones ( inner mucosa , ridged band , fr\u00e9nulum ) whilst damaging the gl\u00e1ns as the still fused f\u00f3reskin is ripped away from it ?
