  a recent study ( search google for pubmed 17378847 ) set out to demonstrate the loss of sensation in the circumcised p-nis vs the natural p-nis and concluded `` the glans of the circumcised p-nis is less sensitive to \ufb01ne touch than the glans of the uncircumcised p-nis . 
  the transitional region from the external to the internal prepuce is the most sensitive region of the uncircumcised p-nis and more sensitive than the most sensitive region of the circumcised p-nis . 
  circumcision ablates the most sensitive parts of the p-nis . '', 
  there are also studies to support an increase in erectile dysfunction in cut males , and a three fold likelihood that a cut males female sexual partner will suffer discomfort and inability to org\u00e1sm . 
  so , whilst i am fully against all forms of fgm as described by uk law , i find it an anathema that prophylactic , religious or cultural male circumcision of minors can be legal . 
  i 'm sure there will be those who will speak of the hygeine and infection benefits from circumcision , these arguments can be simply and effectively brushed aside with proper hygiene and c\u00f3ndom use . 
  many jews across the globe are not circumcised , something like 2/3rds of jewish males in sweden are not circumcised . 
  there are also jewish groups advocating a bloodless naming ceremony for newborn boys , the brit shalom . 
  it is a mitzvah to examine your beliefs and adjust them , is it not ? 
  lots of circumcised guys wish they were not and they never consented to it also just because a is worse than b does not make b at all acceptable, 
  fgm has a really wide range , all of it illegal ( in the uk at least . ), 
  one end of the spectrum is much worse than circumcision but the other not nearly as bad as circumcision . 
   a deal that aims to improve their economy and not to indebt them more . 
  like giving them money instead of lending it ? 
  if they stay in they will need the other eurozone countries to foot a lot of their bills , if the other country 's taxpayers , who will be paying , are happy with this then sure . 
   half of europe is being destroyed by the euro , but lets keep it going for the sake of it . 
  the euro was a terrible idea , even the [ left ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jul/14/left-reject-eu-greece-eurosceptic ) are starting to give up on the whole eu . 
  greece would benefit massively in the long run if it left the eurozone now , as long as it acted responsibly this time . 
  the whole concept fundamentally does n't work , forget european union , more like debt union . 
   yes , that 's kind of what a muslim does . 
  plenty of jews consider themselves jewish despite not actually believing in a god, 
  in order for greece to stand any chance at a long term recovery it need to devalue its currency to make its exports more competitive at the moment the only way to make them more competitive to cut wages relative to germany . 
  the germans can write off as much debt as they like but greece will always be facing deflation unless there is fundamental change in their economy . 
  do you believe in allah ? 
  how confident are you that most of the stories written is the koran are true ? 
  greece would have to leave the euro to handle their own affairs, 
  what do you think of people who draw mohammad ? 
  do you think they should be allowed to without legal repercussions ? 
   provided with an essential living allowance in addition to free accommodation , including all utility bills and council tax , and access to free healthcare and schooling . 
  they must be struggling so much ... meanwhile the people paying for all this are often in worse positions, 
  how do other people around you feel ? 
  well there is a massive culture of cash in hand etc. 
  to avoid taxes , if the greek government do n't acknowledge this you guys are never going to get anywhere as a country . 
  how exactly do these protesters think germany should have handled greece ? 
  greece should have chosen to leave the euro . 
  spain will never allow them independence , they are the powerhouse of spain, 
  they travelled from all over europe . . they were going to riot whatever anyone said, 
  not his style , he would say the same as merkel but a bit more directly and without the hair stroking thing then just kinda ignore the whole situation, 
  very awkwardly i imagine, 
  obviously he did n't write it himself but what i mean is he just does what he is told , you could n't imagine sturgeon or farage making a mistake like that, 
  from a pr perspective this could have only gone badly , but what she said is correct and probably the best way she could have handled it, 
   he tends to use antiterrorism as an excuse to pass laws restricting personal freedoms . 
  join the club , it 's a big one, 
  i get the feeling cameron is n't really in control all that much , just a face for the guys running things behind the scenes , that football team gaff shows just how much he is disconnected from what he is says, 
  and where will the money come from ? 
  a pacific one ? 
  as farage said ' [ when it comes to chaos - you ai n't seen nothing yet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8ayb8p1lbu ) ', 
  how will spain and portugal help greece ? 
  they also had to get bailed out by the eu, 
  i 'm calling it now , when everything collapses he will resign and greece will end up with prime minister varoufakis who will lead them out of the euro, 
  well giving up the ability to decide your own laws to germany ( who have their own interests ) by proxy of brussels , something many european countries have sacrificed a lot to avoid, 
  this was made before the latest greece fiasco , so i would guess a lot of undecided will move towards disagree, 
  he is too left for the right and too right for the left , but that also means a lot of people find him palatable , even if he 's not their ideal leader ( outside of reddit that is ), 
  or better yet scrap the whole failed project and make a trading group with the commonwealth, 
  as long as they do n't decide the non eurozone members have to pick up the bill for their incompetence ... 
  yes ... my family booked a holiday to greece this year but after seeing this twitter campaign we demanded a refund / s, 
  i agree there are too many unused houses and office buildings but not anywhere near that many , and who would pay for the buildings to be given immigrants ? 
  where will they live ? 
  you refuse to be eurosceptic because many eurosceptics are right wing ? 
  maybe those horrible right wingers have a point about the eu . 
  originally it was the other way around , the left wingers hated the eu . 
  stop being manipulated by the media into disagreeing with things because of political labels . 
  you 're the equivalent of those guys who oppose anything that comes under the ` socialist ' label without considering its merit . 
  cameron pretty much accepted there will be no treaty change, 
  i 'm starting to regret voting this juncker guy in ... oh wait, 
  germany and greece were both in it for themselves , both profited in the short term , germany through cheap exports and greece through inflated pensions and massive public spending , but in the long run it will harm them both a lot, 
  and we could just override the eu if we wanted to, 
  we have little financial exposure to greece , also greece are to blame as much as anyone in this whole mess so not many people like the principal of sending billions to greece while enduring austerity at home . 
  if the recent election taught us anything , it 's that polls often are n't half as accurate as pollsters claim, 
  how would they be fucked ? 
  the eu is useful for trade negotiations but the countries not in the eu have managed to negotiate decent trade deals without it and they have smaller economies than the uk . 
   i honestly hope we kick you ungrateful little fuckers out . 
  i would love nothing more, 
   it 's about control . 
  it 's about sovereignty . 
  it 's about wanting to decide everything yourself as the uk , even if the decisions being taken at the eu level are good for you . 
  absolutely , you pretty much hit the nail on the head , we want to decide our own laws , not leave it up to some eu bureaucrat to decide ` what is best for us ' like when they deposed a democratically elected greek leader last year because he did n't fit their agenda . 
  just no . 
  where have you heard this nonsense ? 
  as you can see in [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/11025111/hundreds-more-foreign-criminals-avoid-deportation.html ) and [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/9041346/more-than-800-foreign-criminals-avoid-deportation-five-years-after-release.html ) we really struggle to deport serious criminals due to the eu laws ( also you seem to have refuted this simply based on a feeling not any actual evidence )  really ? 
  you complain about the job and housing market , but then not mind the 7 + million immigrants , but go after the 3 + million immigrants , just because you `` ca n't control '' who comes in ? 
  i would like to reduce all immigration but since we have organised international criminal gangs exploiting this free movement policy and massive increases in crime in city centres directly due to it , i think this is a priority in the short term where as reducing immigration in general is more of a long term goal , along with building more houses , not something that can be done overnight , like scrapping these ridiculous laws . 
  it is not completely different , many of the asylum seekers we are accept who are criminals avoid deportation due to ridiculous eu human rights laws and therefore we have to pay for a house for them to live in , i.e they rape or stab someone then claim their right to a family life and we pay for it . 
  and yes , our housing and job markets were already bad before mass immigration started but it has made them worse . 
  we get to choose who comes from non-eu countries so it is n't as bad and often those who get in are highly skilled , compared to the eu where we get a lot of criminal gangs and those types , of course the majority are interested in working but due to the eu we can not just accept those we also have to accept the dregs of society also . 
  most people in the uk are in favour of reducing all immigration but since we have no control over the type of people coming from the eu , that is more pressing . 
  also we have historical ties with a lot of former colonies so we have special trade and migration agreements with them ( commonwealth ) which i think is a good thing as they tend to integrate more into our society . 
  low levels of immigration can be good for a country , but in the uk we have completely unrestricted immigration to all of eastern europe , this means that hundreds of thousands come to the uk each year . 
  this causes wages to be driven down by the high number of people willing to do labour cheaply and means there are fewer jobs for the people who have always been in the uk . 
  there are also other problems like inflated house prices , increased crime and difficulty getting health appointments . 
  lots of factors cause people to resent the eu not letting us decide who comes into the country but when you walk around london and see all the gypsies begging who are allowed in under eu immigration laws it makes people dislike the eu more , if we leave we can decide which immigrants can come in and who ca n't . 
  at the moment it is perfectly reasonable to blame immigration laws in general for the influx of roma although nobody thinks all immigrants are like them . 
  also we rent houses for free to loads of immigrants and asylum seekers and pay for hotels for them to stay in , that is why so many people risk their lives at calais to get the uk , and also why parties like ukip are doing so well . 
  yes but pretty much all of these gypsies are coming over because of the eu free movement , they just come to claim the benefits and have no interest in getting a proper job or integrating . 
  poles do tend to come over to work but now we have to accept all these roma too because of the eu laws . 
  pretty sure they 're romanians, 
  i know it does n't sound great but there is a fair bit of truth to it . 
  i 'm sure some are good people but usually nobody considers them gypsies anymore , not even their own family . 
   they whine about how they 're only stereotypes because they 're true . 
  how is that whining ?
