have you ever heard anyone barrage the farage ? 
  how would that turn them into martyrs ? 
  for some reason the bbc/guardian often neglects to report on things that cast asylum seekers in a bad light, 
  that 's it 's a bad thing , you do n't say it explicitly but you heavily imply it, 
  of children who ca n't give consent , yes , it 's hardly surprising, 
  you got shot for desertion back then , even in the uk people got shot for similar things, 
  yes , this sub is getting , shall we say , problematic ? 
  i hope they get this sorted out , throw in a bit of economic hardship and this sort of thing can escalate quickly, 
  source ? 
  that sounds unbelievable, 
  or maybe not, 
  if you 're suggesting resettling outside of asylum centres then that is a really short sited policy, 
  i 'm a tory voter and in no way am i upset , neither are any tory voters i know irl , the whole ` all the tories are secretly terrified ' thing is just a left wing fantasy . 
  sound a little defensive there, 
  the falklands had a referendum with a turnout of 90 % , 99.8 % voted to remain under british rule , the only way to demilitarise would be to hand sovereignty over to argentina, 
  well it 's not actual hate ( the same as the hate you claim is rampant ) , hence the quotation marks , but you 're the one putting pretty extreme words in my mouth after i simply stated a fact . 
  if you need to get that aggressive after someone simply says how much they are getting then maybe you have a nagging sense of doubt about your own opinions . 
  send them back to the country they came into hungary from i imagine , they are supposed to seek asylum in the first country anyway , not go traipsing around europe until they find the place they like the look of most . 
   the reasons will be found after the fact . 
  but you 're the one doing the ` hating ' , i simply stated a fact, 
   free homes/education , nobody has to work but that is exactly true , not a myth or exaggeration [ here ] ( https://www.gov.uk/asylum-support/what-youll-get ) is what they get in the uk while attempting to claim asylum, 
  in the real world the majority of people respect hungary for standing up for itself, 
   blackpool which was a great town you should try visit grimsby , you 'd love it even more, 
  about time, 
  i think he meant native europeans, 
  how is it stooping ? 
  i really do n't think there is a big brigading thing going on , most people in europe simply have had enough of mass immigration , all the polls show that and it 's often reflected here in many threads . 
  if you could link me to some massive organised brigading site ( / r/european does n't count ) then i would be more convinced . 
   which i personaly -- once again lem me repeat that personally -- find a little disturbing . 
  could i ask why , as a nigerian-american , do you * personally * ... * personally * care about europeans discussing the issues that most affect europeans ? 
  to be honest it 's not really a circle-jerk , threads are sometimes massively pro migration , sometimes the complete opposite, 
  they would n't starve in places like turkey , but they would ' t have the quality of life they would have in western european countries . 
  when they travel from turkey to somewhere like germany they are not doing to in fear of persecution so they are not asylum seekers , they are doing so to improve their financial situation so they are economic migrants . 
  if you think that that is justification to let them in , fair enough , but do n't forget there are more than 1 billion people in the world living on less than # 1 a day . 
  ca n't believe we voted him in ... oh wait ... 
  hopefully we leave , otherwise we will end up with ttip and all the other fun stuff that comes with the eu , like the unrestricted immigration, 
  because americans use the sub , but the sub is primarily intended for europeans to discuss what is going on in europe , not for americans to try set the agenda by pushing for filters or megathreads, 
  yes , intended to be used by europeans , it 's pretty clear by the way it implies everyone using it is a european, 
  447,822 europeans * 1,232 europeans ( here now ), 
  there are plenty of eurosceptics in the conservatives too , corbyn suggested labour could call for eu exit under his leadership although he is looking a bit more pro-eu now , the third largest party ukip are hardly pro-eu ... 
  and ? 
   i do n't like 80 % of the front page being immigration related . 
  not that i have a problem with americans using the sub , but it is a bit odd seeing an american complain about europeans complaining about the no1 issue in a sub intended for europeans . 
  we have just accepted hundreds of thousands of migrants last year , i hardly think it is ridiculous to not want even more when our social services are already stretched to their limit . 
  is anything other than taking millions of people in a year considered isolationism to you ? 
  what does the immigration policy between the uk and the rest of europe have to do with our relationship with australia ? 
   what the fuck do australians get out of it if access to the uk as it is now is not open . 
  you 're not ` extending the conversation ' you 're saying things that make absolutely no sense , this has nothing to do with changing the immigration policies with respect to australia . 
  how would you gain or lose anything in australia based on a country half a world away 's immigration policies with its neighbours ? 
  almost every country in the world has a very violent history , it does n't mean the latest generation are obliged to take in anyone who wants to live there now, 
  if most want them them fair enough , i hope they enjoy germany , i just hope merkel does n't start trying to send them over here . 
  because there are more benefit than just jobseekers allowance , most of the cost is in health care , fire fighters , policing , education etc. 
  as a first world country we ca n't really allow people to live on the street without offering them help , if we did what you are suggesting , unless the immigrants have a lot of money we would end up with lots more vagrants . 
  we have a massive problem with homeless eastern european migrants at the moment as it is . 
  what is wrong with doing it this way around ? 
  move along guys , nothing to see here * whitewashed comment section *, 
  sooner the better , the eu wo n't have to begrudgingly take anymore of our money then, 
  she is talking about the eu , not the commonwealth , hence the title ` only eu migrants with a job should come to the uk ', 
   but when the uk does it is just met with a shrug . 
  maybe they will shrug when one of the few financial contributors leaves next year due mostly to that . 
  she means people should have secured a job here before they come to the uk to live, 
  what do you mean ? 
  but it does not make a difference to the 100,000 whether they are living in a country of 200,000 or 200,000,000 . 
  it may dominate the country 's headlines if it is a small country with that many cases , but 100,000 sharia marriages taking place here is no better for the victims than 100,000 sharia marriages taking place in somewhere like luxembourg . 
   there has been a high rise in recent years it is n't hovering around this level though , i do n't think it 's impossible for this number to double or treble in the coming years, 
   there has been a high rise in recent years considerably more than 0.8 % of marriages taking place at the moment will be sharia marriages most likely , but regardless , i consider anything above the odd isolated case to be a real problem , considering it is not something spontaneous or particularly secret . 
  100,000 ( marriages ) in a population of 62,000,000 is approximately 0.15 % of the population first of all that makes no sense as people generally do n't marry themselves , secondly , a better way of looking at it would be as a proportion of total marriages as most of the 62 million are not married anyway and often too young . 
  if it was just 1000 at the moment then you would say it would be ridiculous for 100,000 to take place , the police would not let it happen, 
  100,000 is 100,000 too many regardless of if it 's a country of 200,000 or 200,000,000 . 
  it is a major problem . 
  they said they allowed immigration related posts now ? 
  but the problem is n't petty crime for monetary gain , it 's trying to kill as many people as possible for the sake of it, 
  haha , three french people using english to discuss issues in france !, 
  problem here is it ends up with easy radicalisation though, 
  we need to stop giving people who come across in boats illegally preference otherwise we just encourage it and this ends up happening more and more often . 
   pakis due to some bizarre pc logic it is now wildly offensive to refer to pakistanis as pakis, 
  i think it 's really time we move past this women being emotionally weaker and like children compared to men . 
  not that i 'm defending the protesters . 
  because we are a soft touch, 
  all the things you mentioned they get in the uk , also many failed asylum seekers get them too due to difficulty with deportations . 
  source : https://www.gov.uk/asylum-support/what-youll-get why do you think people are killing themselves at calais to get here ? 
  yeah , but we had difficulty getting rid of refugees from rich western countries after ww2 though , so i very much doubt refugees from third world countries will ever leave . 
  the class barriers are only racial because of people like him who will only live in black london neighbourhoods and seem to have a fear of ( middle class ) white people , there are countless social programmes to help young black people in london , there is no lack of opportunity , just an unwillingness to seize it or integrate . 
  i thought there were a few racist undertones , if you swapped the races around and it was a white guy complaining about black people going jogging in his neighbourhood and how they were going to alter his house price lots of people would condemn it as racist . 
  if you would n't consider that racist either though , fair enough . 
  i agree with what you say here , but the reason your first comment is getting down voted is because it sounds like you do n't want britain to have migration controls . 
   under police protection after she converted to christianity i ca n't believe that is a phrase we are hearing in europe, 
  i 'm not the biggest fan of some of ukip 's economic policies , that 's the main reason i did n't vote for them at the last election . 
  we have fracking going on here already though . 
  he had a successful career in the city , if he wanted to make the most money he would have stayed there , he 's hardly struggling with his eu salary + expenses , but he could earn far more as a commodities trader . 
   googling up `` is ukip ... brings up searches like racist , homophobic and so on '' . 
  clearly they must want to gas the jews ... ukip are very much a credible political party in the uk , they have millions of supporters and voters , i ca n't say i find them the most credible party on the economy and other things , but to say they are a facist party is just ridiculous , even if some of your far left internet friends have decided they are . 
  i 'm sure they have one or two undesirable higher up members , but you would struggle to find a mainstream party that does n't , especially in the uk where we just found out half of our former politicians are child molesters . 
  and i 'm struggling to find a source on it being created by a nazi member . 
  ukip ... nazi party  i highly suggest you to study some history . 
  then you 're a little naive, 
  haha , a german accusing others of being barbarians for not taking in enough refugees , the gas chambers are still in living memory ... 
  it is starting to look like that, 
  for the first one they purposefully upped how much they were asking for so that they would get how much they wanted after ` concessions ', 
  it is the humanitarian duty of the countries next to the one in civil war to take the refugees , just as the uk took refugees in the last world war , we ca n't keep taking them en masse from every war in the world , we already have an incredibly high population for such a small country .
