this would belong to r/nottheonion if it did n't come from a reliable source like the daily mail . 
  that 's a great idea . 
  give xenophobes another reason to feel victimised . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  it 's the pc delusion , where it 's believed that suppressing the open expression of certain ideas will make them magically disappear . 
  i see it as the bill for the direct and indirect idiocy of most european governments , especially those that are members of nato . 
  in one way or another , they 've contributed to the destruction of iraq as a state , the situation in libya and with the ongoing chaos in syria . 
  do i like it ? 
  no i do n't , but other than shooting everyone before they get off their boats , there 's no way to stop it ( until the wankers we have in power , and that includes the us , find a way to sort out the mess they 've had a big hand in creating , which i do n't see happening anytime soon ) , so we better accept it and hope for the best . 
  that girl is going to places, 
  i thought it 'd be clear . 
  there are n't too many ways websites can monetize -- advertising of some sorts , paywall or donations . 
  in any case , they do need to make money to keep on going . 
  but i 'll take into account what you 've said and will disable the adblock for some sites and see what happens . 
  as i 've said in another comment  what bothers me is not the ads themselves , but the way they are implemented : 3rd party servers , flash animation , etc. 
  ( plus the risk all that implies ) . 
  there are pages that have the ads in a way that is not too different than in a magazine or newspaper . 
  i do n't mind those , they do n't slow down crash the website , they are n't too intrusive and i can ignore them the same way i do with a printed ad . 
  this is what i mean . 
  they 're doing that already , are n't they ? 
  advertorials , paid contents , plugs , product placement ... and it 's nothing new . 
  it goes back to traditional media . 
  who said i 'm against companies using ads to monetise ? 
  very limited . 
  i have a beer blog and some years ago , when i updated it a lot more often than now , and therefore had a lot more traffic , some companies would to place links and/or banners . 
  the links were something like `` get a discount on your hotels clicking here '' at the footer of the posts . 
  the banners were not much more than an image with an hyper-link . 
  the images were very light-weight , 20-25 kb . 
  i do n't know , they ( the websites ) 've been bitching about it a lot lately , so it would be safe to assume that adblocking is hurting them . 
  in any case , i do n't care , if a website wo n't let me see their contents unless i disable adblocking , i will close that tab and go somewhere else . 
  simple as that . 
  what bothers me is not the ads themselves , but the way they are implemented : 3rd party servers , flash animation , etc. 
  ( plus the risk all that implies ) . 
  there are pages that have the ads in a way that is not too different than in a magazine or newspaper . 
  i do n't mind those , they do n't slow down crash the website , they are n't too intrusive and i can ignore them the same way i do with a printed ad . 
  it 's pointless , really . 
  let those websites either fall under the weight of their own stupidity or find other , less intrusive and irritating ways to monetise . 
  i 'm sure there is a joke there somewhere , but i 'm too drunk to find it . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  i 'm not a big fan of our representatives , most of whom are either corrupt or inept , if not both , but i do n't trust the voice of the majority to decide on things most of us do n't understand , nor care to . 
  the ttip is a good example of that . 
  will anyone in the netherlands read it in the event of a referendum ? 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  most people will vote based only on what someone with vested interest tell them about it . 
  i agree . 
  and it should be added that it was against the products one company , and not sugary things in general . 
  the headline is a bit misleading , imo . 
  the court ruled against the advertising * `` of sugar content of products in order to promote physical performance-enhancing qualities '' * . 
  not to mention that the capitalist alternatives would n't be any better . 
  pffff !, 
  naturally , and with the reserves . 
  that 's the fearsome czech navy 's flagship . 
  western civilisation seems to be falling apart . 
  first a burp elicits a hefty fine in vienna , and now a fart sparks a shoot out in spain . 
  i imagine more like : `` you 've hurt my daughter ? 
  let me introduce to my associate oleg here . 
  he 'll go ivan the terrible on ya ass !, 
  and you are going to like it . '', 
  bugger !, 
  can you imagine pissing * that * father-in-law off ? 
  most people i know still eat carp . 
  we do n't at home , at least not this year . 
  it 'll be only the three of us and preparing a carp is way too much hassle . 
  that potato salad , though , there 's quite a bit of calories in there . 
  and we also do duck with the works for christmas lunch . 
  i love it !, 
  neonazis are idiots , but a pole doing a nazi salute is a deeper level of idiocy ... 
  why do they still put a microphone in front of this cunt 's face for anything other than answering questions about his war crimes ? 
  ooohhh !, 
  i love myself a good zabija\u010dka !!, 
  whatever the country . 
  the difference here is that this is the coat of arms of a family , not a town or region . 
  anyway , according to wikipedia , the turk 's head is there because :  in 1599 , adolf von schwarzenberg became an imperial count , and was given by the emperor a quarter showing the head of a turk being pecked by a raven . 
  this was to commemorate adolf 's conquest on 19 march 1598 of the turkish-held fortress and city gy\u0151r . 
  the german name of the hungarian town is raab , which means raven . 
  [ the coat of arms of the schwarzenberg family ] ( http://www.almanachdegotha.org/sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/.pond/schwarzenberg_coat.jpg.w300h354.jpg ) the lower right corner of the shield has a crow eating the eye of the head of a turk . 
  i use duckduckgo as the default search engine in two browsers , and as much as i like it and want it to be successful , i have to say that google gives you better results . 
  that is inaccurate for cz . 
  films on tv are mostly dubbed , but at the cinema they are with subtitles , unless is a kid 's film . 
  as for the voiceovers : i 've head that back in the day , there were porno films with voiceovers , and that they were hilarious . 
  agreed . 
  and saying `` we want to get into every smartphone '' does n't help , really . 
  joke 's on you !, 
  i 'm 45 and never had any wealth . 
  you 've lost me here . 
  if by due diligence in this case you mean that a woman would have to do everything within her means to notify the father of her decision to have an abortion , so he could have a say on the matter ; but at the same time , it 'd be fine and dandy if she decided to have the abortion without letting the father know , why bother with such a law in the first place ? 
  what would the purpose be ? 
  really , any woman who had reasons to believe she would be forced to carry on with an unwanted pregnancy would keep her mouth shut , do n't you think ? 
  yes , i know . 
  but if she 's determined to get an abortion for her own legitimate reasons , how could you possibly prove she is lying ? 
  and that is the whole reason why it would be pointless to have such law . 
  a woman can simply claim not to know who father is and have the abortion . 
  is it unfair to the father ? 
  well , assuming he wants and is in a position to look after mother and child ( and wo n't change his mind after a few weeks ) and will fulfill whatever obligations he is imposed by law , probably yes . 
  but if he never knew about the child in the first place , then it 'd be only in the woman 's conscience . 
   no , she can make it anytime ( up to 12th week or whatever other maximal limit there is ) . 
  it 's her body . 
  so , basically things as they are now : if a woman chooses to terminate the pregnancy before the statutory limit , she cand do so , without having to inform anyone . 
  the difference would be if the father was determined before the abortion , in which case , the father should be allowed to have a say . 
  am i right ?
