   if woman will be forced to stop working or to incur additional costs there are costs that are hard to quantify , however . 
  what if the woman looses a promotion or any other career opportunity because of the pregnancy . 
  i mean , who in their right mind would want to give a managerial position to a person who would soon be forced to stop working , and for a relatively long time ? 
  it is , in any case , a bit besides the point to your question , i believe . 
  if i 'm not wrong , a woman is under no obligation to identify the father of her child . 
  she can choose to raise the child by herself . 
  but you seem to be suggesting that a pregnant woman would have to identify the father before being allowed to have an abortion . 
  i believe that 's ridiculous . 
  it 's a law that would be nearly impossible to enforce , would be unfair , and would only result in unnecessary complications for a woman who chooses to interrupt her pregnancy . 
  i honestly do n't know if the czech family code has that provision , but i meant something beyond just sending money as if it was another bill . 
  regardless , if the father was given the right to have a say about whether the woman must keep the baby before the 12th week , then he should be obliged to look after the mother from that moment on . 
  that argument would have a chance of making sense if the law imposed the man the obligation to look after the woman during pregnancy , especially if it is considered a risk pregnancy , or at least during the last stages . 
  chances are , however , that no such law will never exist , and , if the man so chooses , the woman will have to be the one bearing alone the whole burden of the pregnancy . 
  there are other things to consider , though . 
  what if the woman claims not to remember who the father might be ? 
  or claims that it was someone she banged during her holidays in italy ? 
  how can that be possibly disproved ( if the real father does n't even know she got knocked up to begin with ) ? 
  is it unfair ? 
  well , some people might say so . 
  but there are also people who 'll tell you it is unfair that a man be mandated to support until adulthood a child conceived during a drunken one night stand . 
  ah , that is not likely to raise any shitstorm whatsoever . 
  `` we have this bog-standard product , with a well-known brand , and all . 
  we need to think up something new because sales are n't what they used to be . 
  any ideas ? '', 
  `` yeah . 
  let 's rebrand it as a premium one !, 
  people 'll go crazy over it ! '', 
  it defies logic , really . 
  `` censorship '' . 
  that word gets thrown around too liberally . 
  last time i 've checked , fb was a service provider and not part of the public administration or a public authority . 
  as such , they are free to set any policies they see fit with regards to what they will allow to be displayed through their service ; always within the law . 
  as stupid as i think fb 's ban of that photo in particular , and other similar ones is , i do n't see anything reproachable in it . 
  but hey , fb bashing seems to be all the rage now , and a good tool to distract the attention from other , really serious matters . 
  it 's missing `` cervoise '' in french , a type of unhopped ale that is hardly made any more . 
  why not both ? 
   someone with gun could really act in selfdefence and shot those brainless figures . 
  that would 've been really lovely . 
  in other news , water is wet, 
  anyone willing to go and worship into those fugly , scary buildings has to be very pious and deserves respect . 
  everyone else is a closeted atheist , good for them . 
  this world is n't such a shithole after all . 
  because they use higher pressure with the dispensing gas , just like you can do with a normal tap . 
  the rats are abandoning ship ? 
  business as usual in eastern europe , it seems . 
  this is a good example why i believe referendums are hardly ever a good idea . 
  many people will use them as a form of protest against the government , without pondering too much about the question , and certain politicians will naturally try profit from it . 
  in any case , it 'll be interesting how things develop from now on . 
  the referendum is non-binding and parliament can ignore it , if they so choose . 
  given that many in the leave camp are calling for art . 
  50 not to be rushed , i guess they 'll be relieved if that happens : they got the attention they wanted , after all . 
  when was the last time a populist far right party missed an opportunity for some good-ol ' attention whoring ? 
  just about never . 
  move on , nothing new . 
  i 'm only waiting for our twats to come up with some shit like this . 
  okamura , are you there ? 
  i might be weird , but i 've had many of those things , and they are delicious , and what i have n't tasted , sounds so . 
  that would be so utterly stupid and incompetent a decision that it 's really embarrassing to know they are even considering it . 
  lately , i 've been getting the impression that most , if not all , proposals of the eu parliament should be rejected . 
  thanks !, 
  the difference is less than i thought , but still not a small amount . 
  is there a map of median wage ? 
  because for what i 've heard , the czech figure is quite distorted . 
  i like the `` legend '' in there . 
  czech dubbing is really good . 
  they usually hire well-known and respected actors , who will often be the `` czech voice '' of a foreign actor , regardless of what he or she is playing . 
  in some cases , i would go as far as to say that the acting of the dubbing actor is better than the original one . 
  is that time of the year again ? 
  does that include stella artois and jupiler ? 
  the thing is that if the people in the country actually do n't want that , then there 's nothing to be worried about . 
  really , i do n't like drinks like coke , etc. , i think they are shit , and i refuse to buy my daughter any of it , and yet i believe it is a really silly piece of legislation , the sole purpose of which is to make some legislators feel better about themselves . 
  some corn syrup with one meal is healthier than 2 litres of wine . 
  right ? 
  i 'm beginning to suspect that these people are just trolls making shit up to see how far they can push it before everyone looses their shit . 
  could the best course of action be to ignore them , at least publicly ? 
  including the troll in chief . 
  - there 's the perception that the eu has grown into this huge beaurocracy that issues pointless , and byzantine , regulations for no other apparent reason than keeping those bureaucrats busy ; the fact that many of those regulations often seem to disregard local customs for the sake of uniformity , does n't help either . 
  ( i 'm not saying i agree with that , but it is what many people think ) . 
  - few people know , or are interested in knowing , what the purpose of the eu parliament is . 
  on top of that , the media often reports on half baked proposals by obscure meps almost as if the were constitutional amendments . 
  - local governments love to blame the eu ( the dictates from brussels , as they call them here ) for any hamfisted policy they should n't even have considered in the first place ; all while gladly grabbing those eu structural funds.the refugee situation has , of course , served to aggravate things further . 
  hmmm ... smallpox . 
  it gives it such depth of flavour !, 
  i see your dinosaur bites , and i raise you [ couple with stimulants and bread ] ( https://i.imgur.com/nrzoicp.jpg ) from a czech menu . 
  that would still leave close to 9 million eur to be paid , the amount the fn is now being asked to pay by that russian bank . 
  could it be that french banks were already aware of that ? 
  in any case , are the banks doing anything illegal here ? 
  it does n't seem to be the case , whatever their reasons are . 
  are they doing something immoral or unethical ? 
  that would depend on the true reasons they are refusing to lend the money , and we do n't really know them , do we ? 
  assuming the polls are correct , and she gets ( according to the most conservative figures ) 25 % of the vote and goes to a second round , as expected . 
  how much would she be getting back ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but do n't parties get refunded up to 50 % of the expenses of the campaign ? 
  if so , and if the 27 million figure that was being mentioned a few days ago is true , that would leave over 13 million eur , plus interests . 
  do we know if fn would be able to return that much money ? 
  have we seen their accounts ? 
  i do n't see the banks as deciding who gets to run for president . 
  it is evident le pen is running for president . 
  they are only choosing not to finance her campaign , and it seems to be their legal right to do so . 
  the best solution in the case would to not allow political parties to finance their campaigns with bank loans , so everybody would playing on a level field as far as that goes .
