  the lunatic asylum is the answer . 
  they 'll just assume you are schizophrenic . 
   french is the traditional diplomatic langage and you could assume that it would become standard again if english was losing its importance if english does decline it will not imply a resurgence of french . 
  most likely it will be mandarin which will be even worse . 
  more like an ignorant portuguese 's pov of europe . 
  i agree with your last part . 
  japan is safe and predictable and i like it . 
  i 've met many indians there and they usually love it . 
  thank you for your input . 
  look at that table , it prisons are on the middle at best . 
  even here there are japanese people saying that companies prefer to use untrained individuals and mold them to their needs strongly implying low regard for technical competency . 
  / r/japan is full of horror stories of japan 's backwards when it comes to technology ( i can personally attest to that ) . 
  i 've also talked to many people working in it related fields in japan while i visited and the opinion was almost unanimous that they were not held in very high regard and people generally look at them as semi qualified workers . 
  maybe he was poorly paid here . 
  i 've checked http://nbakki.hatenablog.com/entry/annual_salary_by_occupation and the average salary for a computer programmer in tokyo is around 4m jpy before tax . 
  this is about 35k eur . 
  tokyo is not that expensive but it 's more expensive than lisbon and this number is not that hard to get here . 
  on top of that , it personnel is treated in very low regard in japan, 
   reading shitty porn manga . 
  literally or metaphorically ? 
  let 's just say getting contractor work there is close to impossible unless you already have connections . 
  edit : plus japan actually pays it people very low compensation . 
   if i were to move to japan and looking to start a life there with my it degree 's japan is one of the worst places in the developed world to work in it unless you can manage as an independent contractor . 
   kgb and genocide museum in lithuania . 
  highly recommended !, 
  most japanese have this idea that the fact that there are 4 seasons in japan is a unique thing to japan . 
  it probably comes from the times when society was mainly agrarian . 
  anyway , most cosmopolitan people know that it 's bullshit and like another guy commented somewhere they use it as a joke among themselves . 
  other things are that japan is the only country with dialects ( osaka ) and that using chopsticks is extremely difficult for example . 
   action takes place in brazil . 
  i 've felt the reverse in moscow , many times it almost looked as if people were speaking portuguese but it made no sense . 
  were there people speaking portuguese ? 
  if so , why ? 
  so much win !!, 
  the dictatorship of low expectations . 
  finally , a balanced and realistic comment about this from a brazilian !, 
   because of this , max payne 3 was really weird for me . 
  why ? 
  i 've never played the game . 
   beautiful language so that 's why you learn portuguese so quickly !, 
  he starts by apologizing that is name is ken !, 
  so much cringe !, 
  dam !, 
  i 'm just glad my native language is not * that * difficult ... 
   netherlands ( does anyone not like them ? ), 
  indonesia ? 
   i do n't like spain much . 
  no dude . 
  you were ok . 
  check the other comments . 
  great !, 
  i was getting worried with that level of pedantry . 
  it sounded quite natural to me . 
  for a native greek speaker ? 
  dude , write it as hentai . 
  i just spent 5 minutes looking at pictures of grasshoppers !, 
  also , wrong post , use the one on their side . 
  i mean no offence , but does that have any turkish influence ? 
   a pastry ( jesu\u00edta ) on a thread about japan this is very funny . 
  yes . 
  we introduced you to it after all . 
  we still have some sakura and now is going to get hot and dry . 
  did you know we also have four seasons ? 
  ( it 's sarcasm ), 
  as long as users do n't bother me , i do n't care . 
  this is nice to hear . 
  i take it you are under 40 years old . 
  poor taste and chav yellow fever . 
  once you are in , you can go anywhere but sometimes there are passport controls . 
  sakura season is now over , right ? 
  grilled tuna with poached potatoes , and kale and lemon . 
  that comment makes no sense . 
  it 's totally content free . 
  how the heel are they right about portugal ? 
  it 's totally content free . 
  not no one . 
  i do but understand most people will not . 
  is basically the place where most japanese people on reddit congregate . 
  that 's old for a politician ? 
  i was talking about cape verde . 
  there 's also significant italian and french admixtures . 
   slavery was done by all colonial powers slavery is much older than colonialism . 
  europeans were trafficked in huge numbers in the barbary slave trade and it 's almost never addressed . 
   portuguese mixing with africans italians , french , you name it . 
   \u00bf only in spanish unfortunately . 
  it 's a great idea . 
   spain is the champion of not letting go . . that title must go to france . 
  not really since the original portuguese inhabitants were persecuted , killed and the teaching of portuguese was prohibited . 
  let 's keep it that way ... having the brazilians that immigrated there in the past 80 years bitch and moan about invasion is annoying enough . 
  dutch would have happened anyway . 
  now the english was a different thing . 
  but they always take what they want anyway . 
  filipe the iii/iv was a piece of shit though . 
  filipe i/ii was a decent king . 
  he even considered making lisbon the capital . 
  he was also a decent portuguese king . 
  there , i said it !, 
  i was apologizing . 
  this has been going on since the dawn of time ... 
   be esperanto rather than mandarin mandarin being tonal and the writing system will probably never be really worldwide .
