  it 's pronounced as kasutera but castilla the kingdom is pronounced slightly differently ( though most people will have no idea what that is ) . 
  i have no idea how the hell that happened . 
  in japan or portugal ? 
  the deck of cards used in portugal came from the french deck but in japan they still use decks that came from the old portuguese one , that most people ( myself included until recently ) do n't even know existed . 
  dude . 
  chill out !, 
  it was clearly banter . 
   playing cards cards that they still use and we have n't used in over 100 years . 
   we should do a cultural exchange program where you get fish oil . 
  we 'll take oil , please . 
  i was apologizing for that . 
  too much / pol in your life , 
  newton 's third law of the internet . 
  it is . 
   i assumed they were sea snails . 
  most likely not . 
   everyone is suddenly gone and does siesta no fucking way !, 
  no one does that . 
  geographically there is n't a piece of portugal that borders the mediterranean . 
  culturally it is a mediterranean country . 
  no doubt there . 
  edit : portugal is mediterranean as finland is scandinavian . 
   most of the locals that i met told me brazil gives no fucks about portugal , true  and portuguese people would love to go there to work . 
  lol . 
  100 years late information . 
   yeah , sorry about that pink flag thing pink * map * . 
   sometimes sounds like russian as a native speaker i have to agree . 
   lisbon has cleanest streets i 've seen in europe . 
  really ?!, 
  i do n't think i can agree . 
  even right next door , madrid is much better when it comes to that . 
  [ audiobook ] ( https://archive.org/details/conquerorsmp332vpvn97guhyowolc7siqibviv3acxlejy745gi1zbfqwwk9it0l6uaiacrhq ) decently narrated . 
  edit : free and legal . 
   and we also killed many muslims . 
  killed the males , interbred with the females . 
  such is life . 
  had to emigrate and work for a foreign state . 
  some things never change . 
   and your houses ~ ~ in the south ~ ~ get very cold during winter fixed it !, 
  go to inland in the north and be amazed !, 
  it gets really cold . 
   and the prettiest romance language it sure does n't sound like that ... 
   countries like portugal and greece stayed in nato while being actual dictatorships . 
  portugal was a founding member of nato as a dictatorship . 
  also it remained while undergoing what was effectively a military coup . 
  in here it 's just not worth it . 
  i just checked , i could go south for the reasonable price of 20eur with one schedule in that day . 
  i can just take the bus , have multiple departure times , pay 20 eur and not have to put up with chitchat with anyone for 3 hours . 
  and i get wifi plus larger bags ( not that i carry much ) . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  portuguese people are always like this . 
  buying second hand stuff is the same shit . 
  it 's just cheaper to buy new . 
  it 's like they think because a portuguese touched it somehow increases in value . 
  in blablacar it 's like i 'm paying for the privilege of having portuguese company . 
  i 'll pass , thank you . 
  they also create most viruses . 
   `` oh shit the dutch are going full nazi , better keep them in check ! '', 
  they are going to burn everyone in huge industrial joint factories . 
  we 're competing against the european cultural powerhouses of austria and ** australia ** ?!, 
  and the the austrians complain that ignorant people confuse them . 
  as someone out of the loop , why would they veto ? 
  i filtered by amazon prime even though i do n't have it . 
  all worked out in the end . 
  i even returned one item sold by someone else and was refunded . 
  really surprised . 
  it 's third party merchants not fullfiled by amazon . 
  had the same problem in december ... 
   though to be fair she 's toughed out her first nyc winter reasonably well . 
  even though the temperature is lower in new england/middle atlantic it 's far easier to endure than in here , though setubal has pretty mild weather . 
  subtracting loans , i suspect ? 
  what exactly is defined as wealth in here ? 
  it 's better than usual but for the past 15 years our february has been almost like spring so not that unusual . 
  it does n't rain that much in portugal . 
  temperatures in the winter never get very low , but it 's very humid which makes it quite unconfortable . 
  there 's a significant difference between weather in the south and north . 
  your wife is probably from the north . 
  it 's been crap here also , but tuesday it changed abruptly to very good weather . 
  [ it 's reverting back to winter soon . 
  ] ( http://www.wunderground.com/cgi-bin/findweather/getforecast?query=lppt ), 
  dry or humid ? 
  the dead . 
  the dead are to blame . 
  had they not been born and none of this would have happened . 
  people that were successful otherwise it 's the inverse . 
   sorry , but less than 1 % of men dominating in powerful positions does n't really change anything for the rest of us . 
  apex fallacy . 
  just because more men occupy the top echelons of society does n't mean that overall they do n't have it worse . 
   brits did what every_feckin_else on the planet tried to do for millennia . 
  but they were more efficient . 
  it 's the same with all colonial powers . 
   we resent you for being more efficient in doing what we would like to have done !, 
  got it . 
  so you claim the crisis just exacerbated whatever small differences already existed . 
  makes sense , i guess . 
  well , they are starting from a pretty bad starting position . 
  so you claim high inequality in iceland , correct ? 
   most do . 
  look at the top restauraunts , top 10 , i think 7 or 8 are english . 
  i 'll definitely have a look now .
