  please elaborate . 
  switzerland tends to lag behind the rest of europe when it comes to these matters . 
  no witches here . 
   the women who claimed to have sex with the devil were still virgins . 
  a classic trick of the devil . 
  just paranoia . 
  all the women there are pathologically afraid of chikkan ( subway gropping ) even though it 's not that different from other places . 
   whereas i bet a lot more men are more confident at being able to fight back should something happen even heavyweight mma fighters wo n't have a chance against 2 guys out of nowhere . 
   i 'm actually curious which demographic is statistically safer . 
  women by far . 
   there is a reason why women feel less safe the fact they are the minority of victims of violent attacks despite what the media keeps shoving down my throat ? 
  it was 35 here at 8pm today, 
  i 've seen puddles of melted asphalt . 
   i 'm pretty sure linux is american made too . 
  then you are wrong . 
  bsd and you might have a point . 
  [ lib caca ] ( http://caca.zoy.org/wiki/libcaca ) the author is french . 
  same meaning in portuguese btw, 
  out of 10 ? 
  can you blame them with their food ? 
  how 's the loony bin ? 
  did you get the special privilege to use the internet ? 
   the list includes famed statesmen , writers and scientists but only three foreigners : napoleon bonaparte , albert einstein , and isaac newton . 
  dam , russians are overrepresented as the high-achievers in the world !, 
  so much enrichment . 
  now they are fighting against climate change by planting trees . 
   fuck these activists many of them are already being fucked by the migrants , i can assure you . 
   there are even some japanese farmers from fukushima where ? 
  then almost everyone is a slave . 
  you can stop . 
  i 've been to malaysia and singapore . 
  i 've seen and talked to those people ... 
  i do n't have to explain anything to someone that claims that han chinese and malay are similar races and cultures . 
   so you admit that massive immigration of africans and arabs to europe will increase europe 's crime rates the page you gave as an example had victims , not perpetrators . 
   over 90 % of singapore is either han or malay ( two culturally and genetically similar races ) . 
  lol !, 
  similar races ? 
  are you insane ? 
  completely different cultures . 
  languages belong to different groups !, 
  o que tu sentes \u00e9 irrelevante . 
  a historia da carochinha do `` it just seems like too many people who do n't perform the operation get stuck with that kind of situation . '', 
   you cant psychoanalyse a whole contintent , nor all of its leaders you can psychoanalyse anything . 
  even a rock . 
  it 's bullshit pseudo-science . 
  appropriate username . 
  translation : we do n't know anything . 
   that and some erroneous belief held by some that it makes you taller wtf !, 
  what do you mean taller ? 
  the person or the member ? 
  what 's that ? 
  [ map for those not in the know ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_overseas_colonies#/media/file:swedish_empire.png ) spoiler : it 's ridiculous . 
   low crime rates not any more ... 
  apparently not this one . 
  these poc even kept frozen dead babies to show the mothers their child was born dead while selling the newborn for adoption . 
  one in the pink , another in the stink . 
  you are right . 
  longbowman related stuff . 
   i 've actually also seen a non-sj american say that spaniards/portuguese are not white @___ @ this is actually the norm there . 
  i identify as indian on the summer months . 
   a : go back to arabia you mooslim terrorist !, 
   b : but i 'm a catholic from barcelona ? 
  muslim terrorist or catalan . 
  tough choice ... 
  it 's like they are twins brothers ... 
  do n't worry , non blacks could attend but only to cheer . 
  they were excluded from the graduation itself . 
  dude . 
  you had a black only graduation ceremony in harvard quite recently . 
  kill all white men , shitlord / s, 
  i 'm sure that 's way above average , right ? 
  hard brexit all the way . 
  it 's also legal in many places in europe , though obviously the cops are always salty about it . 
   or there 's a moose on the road so a cop, 
  west and lapland . 
   finland has the highest amount of blonde people with blue eyes per 100 ' 000 people in the world . 
  i 'd like a source for that . 
  it sure did n't look like that . 
   and i do n't care what everyone says they are part of scandinavian . 
  ( i 'm from denmark ) what about estonia ? 
  joke 's on you . 
  i go multiple times a week here . 
  in fact i went today . 
  of course up to a year ago i never went , but that 's a differente story . 
   the food . 
  the less said about it the better . 
  this comming from a brit out of all people . 
   ~ ~ alcohol ~ ~ * everything * is expensive there , i fixed it . 
  it 's not norway . 
  fucking contentless speech with a lisp . 
  who can resist ? 
  literally always with their future on their hands . 
   do n't piss on people and tell them it 's raining . 
  never heard that one before but it fits here like a glove . 
   in my comparably very feministic country which is ? 
  they were just renamed as psychiatric hospitals . 
  they exist pretty much everywhere . 
  the ratio is usually 4 or 5 male suicides for every female suicide . 
  now attempts to commit suicide the ratio is roughly the inverse . 
  who does n't ?
