  look at m/f life expectancies in eastern europe and compare it to western europe . 
  i seriously doubt this actually works in practice . 
  thankfully i 've never needed it . 
  this is what i like about the internet . 
  i get to watch the crazies from the comfort of my own home and in my own terms . 
  please continue . 
  tell us more . 
  just checked your history . 
  you 're a kamelose troll on a new/alt account . 
  the paris outskirts should have measles . 
  i think also spain . 
  france , so dangerous it 's not even rated . 
  fukushima is totally fine to visit . 
  unless you go to the excluded zone , where you should n't legally go to anyway . 
  for all 300 of you ? 
  seems easy to do in ireland . 
   if u remove the chav population there will barely be anyone left . 
  the brit ones a a very special `` flavour '' . 
  but what about her pleasure ? 
  surely feeling less anxious by having a beer and smoke once in a while is good for the baby . 
  i 've had a bitch here say this to me . 
  was never able to look at her the same way . 
  in scandinavia, 
  talk about a lowblow ... 
  this is totally revolting !, 
   most australians would reject european legislation as it would be too close to being a european colony again yet you retain the queen ... 
   would actually make holland a big city . 
  given your population density i do n't think you 're very far off . 
   do it in the netherlands !!, 
  but then it would just be a long subway ... 
  we were there before you . 
  neither counts . 
  it was mainly comercial . 
  you 're german , you should be the last to pass judgement on these things . 
  it 's one thing to search for milf , another is mom and mom francaise . 
  i guess freud could n't be wrong about everything ... 
  because people said she was into fucking with horses ? 
   and that 's the only thing they know no it 's not the only thing they know !, 
  they know very well there are alternatives . 
  maybe people do n't want to change . 
  have you ever considered that ? 
   more machista and conservative than the men who were in fact more easy going . 
  male stereotypical behaviors are usually enforced by women via sexual selection and also child rearing . 
   we 're going to build a wall of stakes and the ottoman empire 's gon na pay for it !!!, 
  when the ottoman empire sends people , they 're not sending their best ... 
   ratas slang for pussy/vagina ( plural ) in portuguese . 
  norway has something near antarctica . 
  i 'm sure they 'd be ok with it . 
  and as always , the chinese win . 
  so , exactly like everywhere else !, 
  spoiler . 
  it 's a total letdown , even if you expect a letdown . 
  add pouring rain when i visited and the fact that 's kind of far away from most other places of interests and it was really crappy . 
  a real gem in the outskirts of lisbon is a place called * cova da moura * . 
  lots of history and a great view of the river , specially at night . 
  i recommend after 10pm because the atmosphere gets really quiet . 
   you wo n't get shot on the street in antwerp unless you want to sell coke , dont worry . 
  what about buying ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  and using prison rape as extra-judicial punishment . 
  it 's just the way it sounds . 
  it actually makes perfect sense and is sound analysis . 
   they simply ca n't think beyond their own limitations sometimes there are unforeseen circumstances . 
  it 's impossible to prepare for every contingency . 
  but then you have guys like [ this ] ( http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/07/male-tech-ceo-pretends-to-be-sexual-assault-victim.html ) that fabricates an anonymous false sexual assault accusation of a rival and uses his home ip address ... 
  if chemicals are illegal , only criminals will get chemicals . 
   sweden might have a housing bubble not even the locals pretend otherwise . 
  it wo n't be pretty when it bursts ... 
  i 'm sure the guy downloaded a pirated movie once , but that 's not the real issue here . 
  pretty much everywhere ... 
  do you actually believe that living in society is being free ? 
  it has never happened and never will . 
  he was originally found insane , bur later the decision was reverted . 
  where from ? 
  and you think that was his biggest crime !, 
  i searched for portugal . 
  found a bunch of tables stating that portuguese women were among the least `` slutty '' in europe . 
  this guys needed to get out more . 
  [ charleston shooter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charleston_church_shooting ), 
  apart from psychiatric involuntary commitment laws , there 's no legal way to detain someone indefinitely . 
  of course the authorities can just place someone in a cell shared with known groups that might kill the prisioner and just turn a blind eye . 
  sometimes people are `` suicided '' . 
  but legally , no . 
  why ? 
  the crime was committed there . 
  people are here saying he wo n't get out anyway . 
  why are commenters saying he 's a paedophile ? 
  she 's a woman . 
  most places will never even consider that possibility . 
   what the hell happened ? 
  love . 
  love happened ^ what ^ do ^ i ^ know ? 
  except donald was n't fucking melania while she was his high-school student . 
   i do n't know why i took time to write this . 
  too much sunlight ? 
  thanks for the info , jewcunt . 
   a heavyweight mma fighter is infinitely more confident that he could fight them of . 
  all the interviews i 've seen indicate the opposite . 
  competent martial artists are dead scared of street-fights and almost unanimously state that the best course of action is to run away . 
   actually the inquisition was a very good thing and an improvement considering the time .
