chavs all over the algarve . 
  those laws started in spain ( to my knowledge ) . 
  i read a few years ago that in germany if your wife had a child it was also your child , regardless of biological paternity . 
  is this ( still ) true ? 
   feared by stalin himself there 's a nice professional card . 
   10-20 years in jail and possibly the gulag , vs career ender . 
  try compulsory treatment with ect and induced coma apart from other delightfully scientific `` treatments '' . 
   it was easiest to silence him by claiming that he was gay i.e insane because in ussr being gay was a mental disorder no need for that . 
  being anti-comunism was * idealogical inflexibility * which would grant you the diagnosis of * sluggish schizophrenia * and off you went . 
  different tectonic plate . 
   selective use of arbitrary and awkward to enforce laws was always one of the favourite tools of ** ~ ~ dictators ~ ~ every state throughout history ** . 
   got a connecting flight through zurich once . 
  although airport prices are always more expensive , switzerland was an absolute joke . 
  a bottle of water was 4chf . 
  that 's 3.75 eur , cheaper than a 500ml bottle of coke in a vending machine at a movie theater in lisbon . 
  fuck portuguese vending machines !, 
  this was japanese ? 
  i always thought it was german . 
  [ galician and portuguese ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pfux-cynze ), 
  is it true the author was a nazi and there was a nazi propaganda episode ? 
   so i suppose spain will be giving up ceuta then ? 
  we 'll gladly take what is rightfully ours , thank you . 
  you cross the landing strip on foot like some regular road . 
  in 1 hour on foot you reach point europa , the southern extreme . 
  it 's kind of a joke . 
  that 'd be a short wall . 
  glad i 've visited before all this crap . 
  manic-depressive country . 
  i do n't get it . 
  care to explain ? 
  here slavs integrate the best at least in term of language . 
  they become fluent in less than a year . 
  it 's a really strange thing the first time you realize it . 
  selective prosecution, 
  breed some more , obviously . 
  the future is dark ... 
  and eastern europeans also , no ? 
  i 've seen many french people with slavic sounding last names . 
  yes and the accent is pretty good . 
   denmark has generally better food than the whole region , meaning , beating sweden , the netherlands , north germany tallest midget in the circus ... 
  [ these also happened in france ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vz_qnai-m3k ), 
   piri `` reis '' got it . 
  here it means * kings *, 
  what does * reis * mean ? 
   i 'm assuming sangre means red in portuguese it 's not a portuguese word . 
  it 's spanish for blood . 
   a couple of glasses too much sangre . 
  spanish blood ?!, 
  we do n't do that anymore ... 
   i know he did n't mention southern europe but i am trying to figure out why the southern europeans feel attacked by his words . 
  we have a saying here . 
  the hat fits ... 
   i can not spend all my money on liquor and women and plead for your support afterwards . 
  this principle applies on the personal , local , national and also european level , that 's it ? 
   these guys really , really , really do n't like brexit ... all 200 of them ? 
  the runway doubles as a pedestrian pass . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  every thread ... 
  portugal represents !, 
  what 's the status of places like french guiana ? 
   this is very impressive despite the how their economy right now common misconception . 
  the easier life gets , the ~ ~ lower ~ ~ higher suicide rates get . 
  that 's why suicides decrease in war for example . 
  edit : i totally messed up ... 
  is this true ? 
   goldman sachs and a couple of hedge funds nearly immediately bought a 30 % share in one of our biggest banks . 
  dam !, 
   i 'm not sure how to feel about this . 
  i 'd feel like i had just been anally raped . 
   portugal is the answer could be anywhere , really . 
  the newer generations usually do n't share this trait ( apart from chavs , but those do n't seem to share much with humanity in general ) . 
  i 've met a brit that had visited brazil extensively and his portuguese was pretty good . 
  also a few younger ones living in southern spain and they spoke spanish . 
  not even in the tourist office in pra\u00e7a do senado do they have someone that speaks portuguese . 
  i did find someone working at the museum reception that did and a couple of families in the streets . 
  it 's really uncommon . 
  i do n't foresee any veto here . 
  our facebook status should be  it 's complicated ... 
   there is no nobel prize in economics . 
  i 'm a simple man , i read this simple and basic truth so many times ignored and i upvote . 
  that 's one really strange plot , i 'll give you that . 
  what happened around 1970 ? 
  where is he from ? 
   thats even worse because portuguese arent even good at speaking english ( more or less like the spanish ) , actually english proficiency here is far better than in spain , the gap has closed in the past 20 years or so but still exists . 
  the problem was that they lived in a remote area surrounded by old farmers and such . 
  still , living decades in a place and not knowing lick of the language ?!, 
  unless there 's some kind of mental handicap it 's just downright disrespectful . 
  macau is decent !, 
  ( good luck finding people in macau that speak portuguese ), 
   just like my mother , almost 20 years living in galicia we had a brit couple that had lived in the algarve for over 20 years and they were robbed and could n't even ask for help in portuguese !, 
  this spanish inception is making my head hurt ... 
  you get the meat pre-cooked, 
  columbine was far from average even for american standards . 
  where the fuck do these people get access to grenades ? 
  i can not agree . 
  ok . never lived in madrid but i 've visited multiple times for a total of about a month . 
  i take it you know it better than me . 
   they also have a portuguese cake in japan called `` castella '' , obvious spanish name . 
  yeah , it 's really weird . 
  the cake is undoubtedly portuguese , they know it as such and as a nagasaki specialty .
