  i 'm curious . 
   i doubt german michelin star restauraunts serve much german food . 
  never even implied they did . 
  do those restaurants serve english food though ? 
  i suspect overwhelming no . 
  not to mention accepting greece into the euro after all the well known financial acrobatics they did . 
  the primary responsibility was greece 's but europe turned a blind eye . 
  so effectively no advantage over defaulting . 
  i know , but what would realistically happen ? 
  they get invaded ? 
  ok . 2kcal a day is more than enough for the average adult male , let alone average person . 
  how the hell does a joint venture between a polish and portuguese companies takes place during the cold-war ? 
  i never understood this ever since i learned of it about 10 years ago . 
  i had a timex 2068 with 2048 emulator cartridge . 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  according to [ this page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) luxembourg is above lichtenstein and lichtenstein above monaco , although the years are not the same so it 's not clear cut . 
   debt would still be in euros . 
  i never understood this . 
  what 's stopping greece from unilaterally saying , we convert it to the new currency and that 's it ? 
  yeah , really surprised at the level of self-awareness . 
  not very common among the masses anywhere . 
  the eu has some responsibility , but greek internal affairs played a major part as well . 
  consider yourselves lucky lichtenstein in not part of the eu . 
  travel a bit . 
  ever wondered why the brits were able to bring you to your knees while everyone else in europe resisted just fine ? 
  it 's you . 
  you are weak and inept . 
   or an insignificant culture/people you are so weak your language is not even your own . 
  bitch . 
  got ta go . 
  have better things to do . 
   irish independence was the catalyst for the fall of the british empire talk about delusions of grandeur ... 
  do n't forget to plant your potatoes and you daily alcoholic comma . 
  try travelling a bit . 
  your provincial peasant ways are too obvious . 
  butthurt much ? 
   you do n't think that 's a fucking opinion you moron , where are the facts in that sentence ? 
  i mentioned divorce and abortion and quantified . 
  you 're either mentally impaired or drunk . 
  still no actual arguments . 
  just feelings . 
  are you retarded ? 
  we 're discussing religious influence in society and you bring economy as a supposed counterpoint for divorce and abortion ? 
  women are the primary victims of war . 
  they lose theirs husbands , brothers and sons . 
   the church has no involvements in the politics of our country how is abortion legislation in your country ? 
  ah , it is similar to ours 20 years ago when it was decriminalized . 
  i disagree with the other guy . 
  having visited ireland i think religious influence is stronger there . 
  we 've had divorce for about 40 years and abortion for 20 . 
  you 've only had divorce for about 20 years . 
  i 've been to those areas . 
  they have nothing on the crappy areas of lisbon . 
   guinea is just about the world capital for female genital mutilation , and the us the capital for the male one ... 
   the difference between europe and usa is that in usa they keep reds in reservations , and we in parliaments . 
  masterful toll is masterful . 
   which resulted in romanian and gypsy being almost synonyms the true romanian curse . 
  lost track of how long i 've spent convincing people that romanians are not gypsies . 
  that 's the same story i 've always read . 
  thank you anyway . 
  since you claim to be knowledgeable about these matters , what do you know about the term \u5357\u86ee\u4eba ? 
  do you also claim it was created by the japanese ? 
  there is no mention of portugal on that page ( or i missed it ) . 
  the story i heard was that china decided on the kanji , the japanese continued using it and interpreted it as ateji and later went kana almost all the way . 
  it 's the first time that i read that they decided on ateji and china copied . 
  source please . 
  better than grape tooth . 
  `` oya '' does n't mean anything in portuguese . 
   it means something like `` grape teeth '' , the kanji means that for sure . 
  i tell every chinese abroad to never use puta oya in portugal and explain why . 
  they always say : `` but it sounds different '' and exemplify with that the tone is different . 
  i tell them that no one will even be able to tell the difference and they should just keep quiet . 
  yes . 
  i agree . 
  it was sarcasm . 
  singapore is even more extreme and only males get to be canned on top of that . 
  korea is also worse when it comes to military service , but at least no one gets canned . 
   it may have had sense once , when women gave birth at 20 i prefer one alternative i once heard . 
  women that reached 30 without children got to serve . 
  i think it 's quite balanced . 
   while females get to go to university that is equality . 
   the reintroduction of the draft ** will cover men and women born in 1999 ** or later , though only a small minority will be selected to serve . 
  met a dutch couple once that was doing that . 
  guess what the guy said ? 
  `` we wo n't be crossing the suez . 
  it 's very unstable now '', 
  chavs doing chav things . 
   im not sure about either portugal or canada portugal definitely allows dual-citizenship, 
   but i am confused on if i can do that because to my knowledge you cant have more than 2 citizenship 's only if canada does n't allow it . 
  better wait seated . 
  actually i have . 
  stop with the buthurt , it 's mildly annoying . 
   at least one swede was on board at trafalgar . 
  consider yourselves lucky it did n't sink . 
  here you go !, 
  and you forgot salt . 
  maybe the great disappointment down there . 
   our portuguese friends just casually arguing among themselves national pastime . 
  there 's a somewhat plausible theory that columbus was portuguese . 
  there 's stuff like that for every taste .
