  ethnic , not ethic . 
  i mean it is an ethic problem also but i do n't think that was what was meant . 
   there 's right and wrong ethic groups ethic genocide is a serious problem . 
   another both ~ ~ were wrong ~ ~ lost/didn ' t win . 
   to bottle them up in greece and bulgaria ? 
  yes and give financial aid to those countries to support the refugees if moral concerns were that great . 
  do n't know , but it certainly is n't '' \u00e3o !, 
  i 'm sure in spain even the dog was dubbed . 
  spain , where even moans in porn are dubbed . 
  it was struck down . 
  read the wikipedia page , it 's actually quite interesting . 
  also in korea up to a few years adultery was a criminal offense that carried jail time and it was enforced . 
  so basically analjihadist was making a shitstorm over nothing reference : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_809_of_the_korean_civil_code, 
  it 's not that extreme , analjihadist, 
   when traveling with iceland airlines from europe to the us you 'll have a stop in iceland and literally can walk of the plane , take a few days vacation and board the next plane later for no extra charge . 
  is this real ? 
  i 'm really interested in sources about this . 
  relatively common . 
  south korea had a law up to a few years ago where people with the same name could n't get married . 
  paris is way dirtier than tokyo so if they have an idealized view of it i can imagine a small freakout happening . 
  most are unaware of that trope . 
  on thought it was fake news, 
  that was the vibe i got . 
  it was a magnificent display of narcissism . 
  the boastful look on the brides ' faces was priceless . 
  sweden < spain ? 
   rodney dangerfield i do n't get no respect , for those not in the know . 
  ( like me ), 
   i think i just walked past the little mermaid since there was a cluster of tourists there was almost no one there when i visited . 
  it was raining pretty hard . 
   did you know the king back then almost used his executive powers to get it removed ? 
  i liked it . 
  your royal family sounds weird ... come to think of it , they all do . 
  [ we 're talking about this , right ? 
  they now take professional photographer crews to take wedding photos . 
  i shit you not . 
   the little mermaid in copenhagen , denmark for sure . 
  bad taste ...  which is sad , considering there 's an amazing fountain very close to it , that i 'd wager is one of the most awesome ones in europe . 
  it 's really cool . 
  made my trip to the mermaid worthwhile . 
   also for japanese folks , btw . 
  not anymore , so i 'm told . 
  you mean the contest or the winning song ? 
  prostitution is illegal in japan , at least vaginal penetration , anal is kind of a loophole ( i wish i was making this up ) . 
  he should have just kept his mouth shut . 
  a practical man . 
  so much nope right there ... 
   like how low of a human can you be to rape children , never mind being representative of the us military ? 
  the ringleader planned it in advance , renting a van with that explicit intent . 
  well me too , so there you go ... 
   fun fact : if you 're not versed in either polish or portuguese , they sound remarkably similar :d ( portuguese-pt sounds to me like what polish must sound to people who do not speak a word in polish ... ) russian is even more similar . 
   probably something like ~ $ 2500/month after tax , which sounds a bit low but plausible . 
  with their prices that has to be way too low . 
   average wage in oslo is 30k usd/month ? 
  average wage in prague is 3k usd/month ? 
  would you prefer / b / ? 
  this is far more impressive . 
   portuguese food is bland looks at flair . 
  `` india '' . 
   the heck is that ? 
  inferring personality traits from someone 's handwriting . 
  doubt it . 
  i think this is very old . 
  the french defence was incredibly incompetent , in many cases making exactly the same mistakes as in wwi, 
  as an olive oil country native , i endorse this message . 
   retarded counting system . 
  septante/huitante/nonante make much more sense . 
  at least it 's not danish ... 
  we also use perlimpimpim ... is this a common expression in other places ? 
  ** up until that game i had never even heard of the guy . 
  [ at least it was n't during work ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vkh9ecc_qa4 ), 
  just gayer . 
  today ? 
   even if we did took necessary traveling insurances , they flat out rejected those without explanation . 
  you 're supposed to make a claim afterwards or just contact them and they 'll send you to a designated place that will make things run smoothly . 
  just do n't come back to the place and be prepared to be insulted . 
  ask the french for a guillotine . 
  it 'll make the process less painful . 
  too real , too dark ... 
   under 6mb is not enjoyable 5mb is enough for 1080p youtube . 
   british delicacy oxymoron alert !, 
   in fucking ice hockey . 
  people in france play ice-hockey ? 
  trump got you covered . 
  wait ... 
  real question is : did you upvote on a mobility scooter ? 
  healing that 3rd degree burn as a type 2 diabetic wo n't be easy . 
  some 15 to 20 years ago we had a joker running for president that defended the presence of ugandan observers on the us elections ( gore vs bush florida fiasco ) to guarantee impartiality . 
  it 's obviously a crass exaggeration but to my surprise at the time i learned about the long history of election fraud in the usa . 
  also the electoral college to which i was completely oblivious . 
  apart from dictatorships , electoral fraud is really uncommon in europe and the 2 round system is quite common . 
  this is very common . 
  where is your flag from ? 
   that the rest of the eurozone should also run a surplus . 
  this is a mathematical impossibility . 
  for trade inside the union . 
  if you factor external partners then it becomes possible . 
  totally agree , master yoda . 
  what a mountain of improbable incompetence on top of another ... 
   we 'll see how far that takes me .
