  do you think it was damaging to your society ? 
  why would you expect it to be any different ? 
  take any other similar situations in which a significant group of people of one particular ethnicity went to other countries : most of the time they stick to each-other and do n't really integrate , especially in the first generation . 
  there are cases of italians which immigrated to the us and did n't learn english even after living there for 30-40 years . 
  examples : * italians in us ( little italy ) * chinese in us ( china town ) * mexicans in us * british people just about everywhere ( today 's india , africa ) during the colonial times * british people in spain ( today ) from an historical perspective , this ghettoisation is absolutely normal . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_exports he 's right . 
  unbelievable ... 
   they appear to be the only religion that is like this how about christianity ? 
  even now , evangelical churches go to other countries and actively try to convince people to change their religion . 
  and it was always the case !, 
  why do you think there are christian churches in africa ? 
  reasonable expectation !, 
  they do the same all over europe . 
  why do you think this time is any different ? 
  i lived around these people for 25 years . 
  believe me , i know ... 
  probably they are referring to the fact that this new group goes to canada not for working ( legally or illegally ) but for stealing and begging . 
  really informative !, 
  i clearly see your point . 
   yes , i know about belgian congo . 
  sorry business it was this might be the understatement of the century !, 
  now read your last paragraph ( which is really well written ) and try to image that it refers to children books that contain anti-jewish racist jokes . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , i just think consistency is important !, 
  i mostly agree but up to a limit !, 
  and the belgian congo genocide crosses that limit ( they were extremely brutal even compared with other colonial powers ), 
  let 's not forget the history !, 
  belgians were mutilating congolese children for not getting enough rubber !, 
  it 's not different than having german children books which contain jewish racist stereotypes . 
  i wonder if you people would still consider them ok because `` they are a product of their time '', 
   but it 's romanians ' own fault  not that particular ethnicity 's fault ( the rroms ) what ? 
  are you for real ? 
   and they do n't belong to a particular etnicity or region or other category this statement is false !, 
  they do belong to a particular ethnicity . 
   unjustly taken from hungary this is clearly not the place to discuss about this but transylvania became part of romania on the basis of the wilsonian self determination principle ( romanians were always the majority - even the hungarian sources confirm this ) . 
  how do we know ? 
  they reached hungary , not romania . 
  economic opportunities and cultural life ( which are clearly better in larger cities ) are also part of the quality of life . 
  i just do n't want this agreement to be greece 's versailles . 
  that 's all . 
  while the link you posted are despicable they really do n't actually matter . 
  they have no effect on your life . 
  humiliating a country ( even if the reasons might be sound ) can have unforeseen negative consequences in the future . 
  let 's learn from our history . 
  i would expect especially the germans to understand that . 
  the eu budget is around 1 % of the eu gdp . 
  the us federal budget about 20 % of the gdp . 
  that 's true !, 
  but none of them were committed by the founder or the religion ( jesus ) . 
  this is a fundamental difference in my opinion . 
  like it or not , isis is doing what muhammed did . 
  following your logic criticizing nazism would be cultural racism since nazism was part of german culture in 30s and 40s . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  godwin 's law for the win !, 
  muhammad was military leader ( this is an historical fact ) . 
  islam was imposed to the arabs through military conquest . 
  to claim that this has absolutely no implications in the way his followers see religious violence is incredible naive . 
  racism ? 
  islam is a believe system not a race . 
  there 's absolutely nothing wrong in being against a believe system . 
  moreover , in this case the victims and the perpetrators have the same race . 
  resistance is futile . 
  you will be assimilated . 
  or else we take your children away . 
  it depends on your definition of unfit . 
  if the previous washington post link is correct and indian children are taken from the parents because they eat with their hands there 's clearly a racial dimension to the issue . 
  in romania too . 
  wrong holiday !, 
  how do they work ? 
  then the same standard should be applied to bosnian serbian republic . 
  ` racism consists of both prejudice and discrimination based in social perceptions of biological differences between peoples . ', 
  ( wikipedia ) `` as is natural '' implies the existence of ( some ) biological differences . 
   as is natural racist much ? 
  next lessons : how not to steal , how not to murder . 
  and , next , only for women : how not to throw your baby in the trashcan . 
  but , of course , these are hardly implications . 
  you 're confusing immigrants with refugees . 
  not all immigrants are refugees . 
  you 're making the assumption all most lower-income immigrants receive hangouts . 
  i 'm pretty sure that many of them are getting by with the smallish amount of money they make . 
  so you 're saying that only poor people need to integrate ? 
  it kind of sound like neo-colonialism . 
  i 'm pretty sure a many of the immigrants living in denmark they eventually plan to go back ( after saving some money ) . 
  so how about then the british pensioners living in spain ? 
  they probably do n't want to go back . 
  better tell this also to the thousands of expats living in dubai who make absolutely no effort in learning arabic and spend most of their time in their own `` closed '' ethnic community . 
  or to the thousands of britons which moved to spain and also make no effort to integrate . 
  comparing east germany with north korea is absolutely ridiculous . 
  it 's more complicated . 
  if you send me nude pics just to harass me why would you assume that your privacy right will be respected ? 
   when is giving a private video to 1 or 10 parties a consent of being made public to the whole world ? 
  even if the video is unwanted ? 
  let 's say a guy sends an unwanted dick-pic to a random woman from twitter/facebook and then she puts it online ? 
  it this revenge porn ? 
  is there actually an expectation of privacy if you send unwanted nude pictures to a person you are not in relationship with ( which was the case - she sent the movie to an ex-boyfriend ) ? 
  let 's say a guy sends an unwanted dick-pic to a random woman from twitter and then she forwards this picture to his wife . 
  is she guilty of revenge porn ? 
  second world privilege !, 
  do you include greece in the list of poorer countries ? 
  they use the latin script . 
  interesting how euro is also written in cyrillic .
