because the validity of the argument does n't matter . 
  if the other party disagrees or attempts to present a counter-argument , they must be racist , and you do n't have to explain yourself to racists . 
  frankly , i do n't care about the imaginary friends that people have or what names do they call them . 
  if it was christians or jews killing and threatening people over comics or attacking people because of their sexual orientation or religion , you could just replace the word `` islam '' in my posts with `` christianity '' or `` judaism '' . 
  i have a problem with using violence against other humans because your imaginary friend says so . 
   that 's why anti-islamic groups like the one in the article do n't care about radical islam . 
  if they did then they 'd be working with the people in europe who are most likely to be radicalized and do something positive . 
  hatred never helps anything . 
  they do n't care about radical islam , because it is n't radical islam that is the problem . 
  radical christianity is a problem , radical buddhism is a problem and radical judaism is a problem , but overall the followers of those religions are mostly secular . 
  [ it 's moderate islam that is a problem . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/bv710c1dgpu?t=125 ) i do n't see a problem with secular islam anymore than with any other religion , but unfortunately the secular muslims are being marginalized and even attacked . 
  they are the ones that should be supported - not the `` extremists '' . 
   education ? 
  social work ? 
  generally living by example ? 
  is n't that a little condescending though ? 
  the extremists are not necessarily stupid . 
  they also get free education and there are plenty of social programs to support integration - and i 'm also sure that they know exactly how they are expected to behave . 
  they simply have objectives which are in conflict with the foundations of a secular and democratic society , the most important of which is the freedom of speech . 
  that 's why they are prepared to kill and die to take it away . 
  the worst thing is , that it looks they have been successful . 
   there are ways to protest extremism without resulting to what equates to namecalling . 
  does this involve drones and hellfire-missiles ? 
  namecalling is literally ( pun intended ) the least radical way to fight extremism . 
  if you are not prepared to do even that , then you are simply caving to the demands of the extremists . 
   how often does pissing off extremists help to avoid violent conflict and breed common understanding ? 
  common understanding in this case appears to be * `` if you agree not to mock the prophet , we agree not to kill you '' * . 
  while both sides may understand and agree - one side out of fear for their lives - i do n't think a common understanding has been reached . 
  it 's insane that even secular governments voluntarily bow down at the face of violent superstitious extremism . 
  we owe our freedoms to people who suffered and died fighting for them : we do n't have any right to give them away . 
  it 's our duty to preserve them for the future generations . 
  you 're free to think whatever you want . 
  i personally think those people are heroes who risk their lives to expose extremists . 
  unfortunately , to give one 's life for freedom is an absurd concept to assholes who are have been doing nothing but taking things throughout their lives . 
  freedoms are nothing but obstacles for them . 
  the idea behind the rule was to stop people from worshiping idols instead of god , and it 's common for all abrahamic religions . 
  in islam idoltary is apparently punishable by death - like pretty much every other thing too . 
  in the heads of superstitious idiots who are bent on making the world a worse place for everyone , this has turned into * `` kill everyone who draws muhammed , regardless of what they believe in '' * . 
  it 's the same shit with many other rules that might have made sense back in the day . 
  for example , eating shellfish is a sin only because 2000 years ago freezers were not yet invented . 
  in the modern world these ancient rule books should serve no other purpose but to use for toilet paper or to light a fire . 
  it 's a war with russia if russia says that it 's a war with russia . 
  that 's literally the only reason why ukraine has been abandoned by the west . 
  yes , and then there are people who have a basic understanding of economics and know history . 
  long , cold winter . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  it 's up to finland to block the economic immigrants and start an inverse domino effect through europe . 
  i already commented on your original post about the same thing , but i believe that this is because in the us they are treated as americans . 
  in europe they are treated as muslims , and encouraged to identify themselves as such . 
  this probably has partly to do with the fear of nationalism . 
  to be proud of your country is considered a form of racism today in europe - and if you are not proud of it , why would the immigrants be ? 
  really well written , thank you . 
   i do n't know how to solve this problem , sadly . 
  i look at the us , and i notice muslims are way better integrated there than in europe . 
  maybe it 's because the us is a younger country , and as such , it is composed of many ethnicities , while europe tries to hold on to it 's own because it 's been inhabited for thousands of years . 
  maybe it 's because americans are more tolerant , but i doubt that i tend to believe that it 's completely the opposite : the europeans are * too * tolerant and hold people to different standards depending on their race and religion . 
  ( i personally consider that the worst form of racism . ), 
  in the united states everyone is treated like an american regardless of their religion . 
  in europe muslims are treated like muslims , and encouraged to practice and cherish their culture and religion , rather than becoming for example finns , swedes , or brits . 
  in here it almost seems like the entire system is tuned to prevent muslims from becoming finns , but instead muslims living in finland . 
  the result is that the muslims become foreigners in their own country : they are encouraged to practice their religion in ways that are not compatible with the culture that they live in - and even worse , the host culture is expected to adapt to it . 
  this gives the religious fanatics a free reign in european countries and also allows secular muslims to be marginalized and bullied by the radicals . 
  salafism is a very powerful and well-funded movement , so it should n't be a surprise that when it 's tolerated - even encouraged by europeans - it will root itself into the society and grow . 
  in the meanwhile secular muslims are shunned by the salafists and the european left alike . 
  muslims are not a race any more than racists are a race . 
  nor muslims or racists should be discriminated against , but their ideas must be able to be freely criticized . 
  everyone should have the freedom to believe in what ever they want , be it religious superiority or racial superiority , as long as that freedom does n't infringe on the freedoms of others . 
  what if racists demanded private swimming hours in a public swimming pool , because they do n't want to swim with other races ? 
  that would be outrageous . 
  now exchange `` racists '' with `` muslims '' and `` other races '' with `` kuffars '' , and suddenly everything is fine ; it would be * racist * not to oblige !, 
  which part of what he said was wrong ? 
  islam is inherently misogynistic . 
  moderate islam is not compatible with western core values ( freedom of speech , individual freedoms , equality ) . 
  it was founded by a person who laid with children ( not necessarily a pedophile , but still a child molester by definition ) . 
  does n't mean that there are n't good things in the culture . 
  it just means that the bad things need to be rid off . 
   criticize it in ways that ca n't be called racist . 
  it 's an idea in the same way as christianity , nazism or communism are . 
  i would n't call one a racist naziphobe either . 
  discrimination based on skin color is racism . 
  criticizing a man-made idea is not . 
  if i should convert into islam right now , i should not get a free pass on on certain things because of `` racism '' . 
  it 's also an ideology that is tuned in the way that it 's easy for the masses to follow . 
  you do n't have to spent decades studying theology to know the basic principles . 
  i visited budapest a few weeks ago and one thing that struck me was how expensive the american fast food places were , compared to local restaurants . 
  budapest is a relatively expensive city by local standards , so the difference must be even bigger elsewhere in the country . 
  it definitely seemed like mcdonald 's , bk , kfc etc. 
  carried a pretty big premium over the much superior local restaurants . 
  what are those consequences ? 
  a few weeks ago eritrean refugees beheaded two swedes * because * they were aware of the consequences of that act , and wanted to go to jail rather than be deported . 
  yes they have somewhat a wider legal definition of rape , due to their advancements in women 's rights . 
  it does not explain the exponential increase in rapes . 
  and also remember , that in islamic law rape inside of marriage is not possible , so there is likely a huge number of unreported rapes . 
  of course not all ; it 's a small minority . 
  however , according to a finnish study north african and middle eastern immigrants are still about 17 ( ~ 1600 % more ) times more likely to commit rape compared to ethnic finns . 
  for the swedish speaking minority the number was 0,7 ( 30 % less ) . 
  it 's common sense . 
  rape is not part of the ethnic swedish culture ; the viking times have come and gone . 
  as a society they were past it , and were the most advanced country in the world when it came to women 's rights and rights of sexual minorities .
