  however , this is very good news . 
  russia should do everything it can to bring a decisive victory in syria and end the conflict , and europe should stand with them . 
  with all his flaws , al-assad is still the right man to govern syria ; we do n't need another failed state with decades of sectarian violence . 
   most politicians thought they would leave after some time , obviously they did n't make any efforts to integrate the people . 
  you implied that the lack of integration was due to lack of efforts to integrate them . 
  no group of people in history has been the target of greater integration efforts , than muslims in europe . 
  what about sweden , norway , denmark or finland ? 
  it has been clear from the start that they are never going to go back home and thus we have poured in billions and bent ass-backwards in order to integrate them , teach them the language , provide more social support than then natives could even dream of , and it has all gone horribly wrong . 
   i know that , it 's not the only reason to be radicalized but the easiest to grasp . 
  some see that muslims are being bombed in the me for whatever reason and feel like they have to fight against this injustice by horrible means , others find other reasons . 
  still most people become criminal because of the social economic backgrounds i 'd guess . 
  it 's again this thing with european muslims having no relation whatsoever to the middle-eastern muslims except for their religion . 
  syrian jihadists are being bombed by european countries , and european born muslims - who ca n't even place syria on the map - take it to themselves to blow up european civilians . 
   and yes this society most likely gives them most chances , but muslims are discriminated against on a regular basis and they realize that non-muslims or ethnic europeans have it a lot easier for no other reason than the color of their skin . 
  if this discrimination begins early on it can be hard to get through school and university and finally find a job . 
  the families and muslim-communities are n't always helpful too . 
  there are problems on both sides , the muslims themselves but also the european society . 
  we could change one side immediately and respect muslims as equals , this would already be one step on the way to living peacefully next to another . 
  there are hundreds of different peoples living in europe with a way darker complexion than middle-eastern muslims , and they live their lives mostly free of any kind of discrimination . 
  you could n't even differentiate between a mediterranean european and an arab muslim by their looks alone . 
  skin color has nothing to do with it . 
  if you consider everything in your daily environment to be discrimination because it does n't comply with your medieval ideas , then yes , you are going to see a lot of discrimination . 
  waiting for the first nepalese suicide bomber ... 
   most who do n't are/feel disadvantaged and left behind by the society which results in them being prone to radicalization . 
  some of the attackers have had university backgrounds . 
  also , europe provides them with better opportunities for successful and prosperous life than any other society ever in the history of man . 
  their biggest disadvantage for succeeding in the society is middle-age ideology that they follow . 
  until we can force them to leave that ideology ( which is n't something that i support ) , there is nothing more that can be done . 
  yes , and that should be telling of how little european culture and their own heritage means to them . 
  in other words , the only common denominator between the attackers is islam . 
  why would you even write that , when it goes against everything you have been saying ? 
  the attackers are from different economic , social and ethnic backgrounds , different countries and have lived different lives . 
  there 's only one thing in common between them . 
  and you say that it has nothing to do with the attacks . 
  it 's easy , but it 's true . 
  it 's an inherently radical ideology ; follow it to the letter and you get isis . 
  of course a majority of muslims do n't take it quite as far , but that majority still supports sharia law , death penalties for homosexuality and apostasy , are extremely hostile towards the jews etc. 
  it 's strange that that is n't even considered radical . 
  from the horse 's mouth : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv710c1dgpu there are tens of millions of people from hundreds of different cultures living in europe , yet it 's only the people from this * very specific sect of a specific ideology * who are causing all these problems - and you claim that this ideology has nothing to do with it . 
  their home in the middle-east , they only live here . 
  it should be obvious by now . 
  that is not to say that muslims ca n't find their home in europe - some can - but europe obviously obviously is n't home to these islamists . 
  stop kidding yourself . 
  they were n't radicalized through european culture . 
  you have jihadists immigrating to europe in order to radicalize local muslims and radicalized european muslims traveling to middle-east to get combat training . 
  all this shit is originating from the middle-east , namely syria , iraq and saudi-arabia . 
  assault rifles are banned from civilians . 
  a modern sporting rifle is of course the best choice if you can control the engagement , but it 's not optimal for daily carry . 
  for self defense i would recommend a concealed semi-automatic pistol instead . 
  unfortunately in most parts of europe it 's illegal to carry firearms for self defense . 
   for me , patriotism is a very strange concept , it implicates that my country , germany , is somehow better than the others . 
  disregarding that germany is in fact in many ways objectively superior to most countries in the world , it surely is the best country for germans at least . 
  i identify myself as a finn first and a westener second . 
  i feel no patriotism towards the europe as whole . 
  very patriotic . 
  not in a blind way , so as to defend the system in everything it does , but to protect the values and the culture for which my ancestors fought and died defending . 
  when things get serious , the only people who are going to care about finland are the finns . 
  like our minister of the interior said : it would be racist to question the motives of the asylum seekers . 
  so apparently we just have to take their word for it . 
  and there probably is a check box on the immigration form that they are required to fill : '' [ x ] i swear i 'm totally not an isis jihadist out on a terrorist mission '' . 
  so i think we are pretty safe . 
  i do n't down vote legit opinions . 
  considering that the idf is fighting an enemy in civilian clothes that uses even women and children as fighters , they are doing hell of a fine job at keeping the civilian casualties low . 
  in history of warfare that 's pretty much unheard of . 
  the talk of `` excessive force '' is in my opinion just ridiculous in this case : if anything , israel is risking the lives of its soldiers by not using enough force . 
  also , it 's not like hamas is innocent and tries to avoid conflicts . 
  it 's really the complete opposite : they live off war . 
  war however generally carries some shitty things with it for one or both sides . 
  but compared to the history beyond last 60 years , the stakes are really low . 
  if you look at the combatant-civilian death ratios , the idf is by far the most humane military in the world . 
  the russian operations in chechnya had a ratio of about 1:10 , the us-led coalition campaign in the iraq and afghanistan had something around 1:3 -4 . 
  the ratio for recent idf operations has been close to 1:1 , so i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  granted , the idf has better intel and control of the combat zone , so lower ratios are to be expected as opposed to fighting in a relatively unknown environment . 
  or a shit ton fertilizer - the type that 's loaded with ammonium nitrate . 
  for ummm ... planting olive trees or something . 
  idf is as bad as hamas ? 
  if that 's the case then what does that make every other military in the world to be ? 
  as bad as the ss ? 
  they ca n't integrate nor build democracies . 
  it was always just a plot by evil people to get morons to support their wars . 
  whatever gives the psychos in charge most power to feed from . 
  i 'm the biggest opponent to muslim immigration to europe that there is , and yet these news still manage to surprise me . 
  previously i would have considered the idea of organized sexual attacks perpetrated by massive number of muslim men to be sort of tinfoil category . 
  well , since they claim to be from isis controlled areas of syria and iraq , lets deport them to raqqa , mosul and other nice places like those . 
  but i remember from the pegida-protest threads , that cologne has no such problems ? 
  someone 's not speaking the truth here . 
  most countries have legislative systems that are perfectly functional and equipped to deal with the situation , but are simply not utilized . 
  if the current leadership is n't willing to utilize those and the people disagree with it , the power will be naturally placed in the hands of the far right ( who will then likely extend the legislation for populist purposes ) . 
  i would n't blame the people nor the right wing for this . 
  so right-wingers are paranoid that muslims will bring about political violence and terror , and if those right-wingers are elected , muslims will bring about political violence and terror . 
  wait ... what ? 
  to stray a bit off topic , that 's like the argument of the anti-nato crowd here in finland : russia would never attack us - but we ca n't join nato , because russia would attack us !, 
  hard to believe from the way he 's handling that cz on the video . 
  that 's some real skill . 
  no , it ca n't . 
  not because it 's a bad idea , but because so many jobs are dependent on the current model . 
  there are other subject matters than just multiculturalism where they display an obvious bias . 
  i do n't understand why is it so difficult to provide a neutral perspective . 
  most of the time it 's likely just lack of professionalism , but sometimes undoubtedly malice . 
  the propaganda is n't perhaps as blatant as on russia today , but it still shows .
