  people in my country gave their lives for the freedoms we have today , and now we are losing them because we trusted eu to protect them . 
  if the eu ca n't defend its borders , then the it will be the responsibility of the member states to defend their own . 
  great analogy . 
  drinking one 's self to death on fine wine over the period of many decades is definitely comparable to getting a .30 caliber bullet to the head , while having a night out . 
  i do n't see why nations would n't be allowed to make mutual agreements on borderless travel . 
   the de facto , ongoing existence of a `` caliphate '' is a massive p.r win for extremists which emboldens them , and letting them keep a relatively safe homebase from which they can plot international terrorist attacks is unthinkable . 
  i agree , that 's a good point . 
  the caliphate does provide them unhealthy legitimacy in the eyes of fundamentalists . 
  that 's a strange way to look at it . 
  i understand that the invasion of afghanistan was the only option at the time and i would still support it , but i can say with pretty high confidence that if the us had chosen not to react , things would be better today . 
  the problem is n't isis , it 's political islam . 
  yes , isis more than deserves to get wiped off the earth , but it would be intellectually dishonest and dangerous to imagine that doing that would solve anything . 
  isis just happens to be the current vessel for accomplishing the objectives of the islamists : it 's like a gun in the hands of a criminal . 
  take the gun away , and he will just get another . 
  we do n't need to go abroad to fight foreign people : all we need to do is stand up for freedom and secularism in europe . 
  reached the rank of captain in the finnish army , the german waffen ss , and the us army . 
  how many lifetimes would it take for an average person to do that ? 
  that 's their main motivation for everything : to make them feel good about themselves . 
  if they can make others feel bad , it 's even better . 
   there is a wide selection of easily available accessory optics for phones , just for one example : 6x-18x optical zoom mobile phone telescope lens + tripod + plastic case for iphone hanoi     and with an optical lens there 's still the option of using digital zoom as well . 
  say you have a 12x optical zoom lens , then if you use digital zoom you 'll multiply your total zoom level : with 2x digital you 'll get 12 * 2 = 24x total zoom , and with 4x you 'll get 48x etc. 
  i was aware of that stuff , but it really is a stretch . 
  isis has professional videographers running around with top of the line gear . 
  if they wanted to get believable video of the explosion , i 'm sure they could ( assuming that they managed to be in the right place at the right time to film the explosion , which would n't be easy to begin with ) . 
  most mobile phones use a wide angle fixed focal length optic with digital zoom , typically in the region of 28mm . 
  try to take video of an airliner flying at cruising altitude with your own phone . 
  digital zoom or not : it 's not going to happen . 
  i 'm not refuting the claim that it was a bomb that downed the airliner . 
  it may very well have been . 
  however i 'm 99,9 % sure that the video is a fake , and likely not even released by isis , but by some teenage troll or some isis sympathizer loser . 
  that 's another reason why i think it 's fake . 
  isis propaganda films have excellent production values . 
  why would they shoot this with a cellphone camera ? 
  ( disregarding the fact that it would be practically impossible to shoot with a cellphone camera . ), 
  it would n't take too long for someone with experience to make an animation like this . 
  most of the detail is conveniently hidden behind the out-of-focus blur . 
  it 's also possible that they used a clip from one of those air crash investigation shows and made some adjustments . 
  it 's also very much possible that the video was n't even released by isis , but simply some troll who wants to see the world react to his creation . 
  well unfortunately the map is missing the majority of breweries in finland . 
  the real number of commercial breweries is somewhere in the region of 35 . 
  the craft breweries here make many world class beers ( [ 1 ] ( http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/plevnan-siperia-imperial-stout/53188/ ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/plevnan-weizenbock-2013-/197231/ ) , [ 3 ] ( http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/vakka-suomen-prykmestar-savu-kataja/103498/ ) ) , but due to the finnish legislation most of the breweries ca n't really sell them anywhere outside of pubs . 
  and then even in most pubs the taps are dominated by the bulk lagers that most people have grown accustomed to . 
  however , in proper beer restaurants there are plenty of local gems to discover . 
  it looks completely fake to me . 
  - the airliner was flying at 9,5 kilometers . 
  there 's no way the plane would appear so large on the wide-angle lens of a cellphone camera . 
  it would be a barely discernible dot on the sensor . 
  ( you could get close enough with some video cameras , but the video would not be vertical . ), 
  - the convenient shaky-cam effect , potato quality and out-of-focus effect . 
  - the explosion and the smoke look fake to me . 
  the explosion is too big and too slow for a bomb . 
  - it would be pretty difficult to even get the timing right . 
  here 's my left-handed finnish method : http://imgur.com/vdhk75a, 
  nothing . 
  when eu asks our politicians to jump , the just ask `` how high ? '', 
  yes . 
  it 's an awesome archive , but the usability is terrible in pretty much every way . 
  there are n't even any tags to make the search useful . 
  difficult to say . 
  operating that system will take some weeks of training . 
  whether the people responsible were former ukrainian conscripts trained in the system , rebels trained by russia or russian soldiers is anybody 's guess . 
  unless someone talks , we will probably never find out . 
  i personally think they were the pro-russian rebels , due to the tweets immediately after the disaster , bragging about a shot-down cargo plane . 
  why ? 
  has n't it already been made crystal clear , that people only oppose islam because they oppose the harmful aspects that are present in mainstream islam ? 
  or is that because of the retarded * islamophobia * myth , where it 's assumed that people oppose other people 's spiritual beliefs just for the fuck of it ? 
  i would n't care if one believed in hitlersatan as long as those beliefs did n't infringe on the freedoms of others . 
  for example , i only oppose racism because of the belief that other races are inferior , which is present in mainstream racism ( i hope that does n't make me a * racistophobe * ) . 
  if racists treated people of all races as equals , i would n't have a problem with them . 
  that is one of the dumbest things i 've read in a while . 
  a blue toy gun versus millions and millions of years of evolution . 
  yup , gender roles are definitely a social construction . 
  i 'll agree that gender roles have evolved over time - mostly due to advancements in technology - but they are what they are for a reason . 
  for example , when it comes to military , you would n't have seen females on the battlefields before gunpowder and guns were invented , because females simply are physically much weaker ; most could n't even draw a long bow , let alone swing a big sword . 
  and the emotional differences are probably even greater . 
  if you went back in time a few hundred million years and handed our furry , tailed ancestors guns so that their females could protect themselves and their babies , plus hunt for food without the need of help from males , then maybe things would be different today . 
  20 % of the budget is a huge amount , especially since we are already running a huge deficit . 
  with the increasing healthcare expenses and decreasing competitiveness , the current system will not be around for long . 
  also , taking debt that you ca n't pay , to do things that you otherwise could n't do , is the fucking definition of * not being able to afford something * . 
  even a retard knows that the current system will last about as long as the people who created it . 
  why would you brag about something that exists only because foreign investors are willing to lend us millions of euros a day to run it ? 
  contrary to the popular myth , money does n't come from the `` magic wall '' . 
  `` look at my shiny new ferrari , it cost 500,000 euros . 
  and the best part ? 
  i put my grandkid 's name on the loan papers ! '', 
  they are n't the type of people i hang around with , but per capita finland has more people leaving to fight in isis than any other country in the west . 
  considering that we also have historically taken in the least amount of muslim immigrants out of all western european nations and still failed completely at integrating them , it 's obvious that our country is going to turn into one big jihadist factory in the next five years . 
  countries like sweden and norway have at least lots of kronors to pour in the ghettos to at least delay marginalization and radicalization , and they have functional economies with at least some jobs to offer to the immigrants . 
  we have neither money nor a functional economy , so it 's pretty fucking obvious where things are going . 
  we 're not rich . 
  we are in over our heads in debt and have an extremely high unemployment rate as it is . 
  if i was unemployed and got a million euro loan from a bank , i would not be rich . 
  it 's not a question of `` should we '' . 
  there 's literally no way to take in tens of thousands of immigrants and not destroy the country . 
  yeah . 
  it 's a crazy idea . 
  it 's not like the muslim fundamentalists could unite to form some kind of `` islamic state '' and start attacking everyone . 
  get real , people . 
  ... to flee through safe parts of their own country and through safe neighboring countries to another continent . 
  then continue through a dozen completely safe countries until they reach the one with the best social benefits .
