  it 's not a coincidence that the rape numbers increased with the number of muslim immigrants coming to sweden , and went from practically zero to being the highest in western europe . 
  do n't be naive . 
  i 'm not the greatest friend of swedes , but even i feel offended when they are called the rapist nation of europe by people like you when in reality it 's completely opposite . 
  i think they are full well aware of how they are expected to behave . 
  those rules simply are not compatible islam . 
  why would they follow rules given by some inferior european kuffars , rather than the laws of god ? 
  a tv show is not going to change thousand years of cultural and religious heritage , and decades of religious indoctrination . 
  it 's a ridiculous notion . 
  if anything , handgun and `` assault rifle '' ( reservist 's rifle , sporting rifle - assault rifles are banned ) owners are the most responsible , as those classes of firearms are the most difficult to obtain and the applicants have to through really extensive scrutiny . 
  i personally know many people who own them ( myself included ) , and have met hundreds . 
  all have been nice and friendly people . 
  it 's mostly due to the fact that to get a gun permit you need to have a clean background and thus gun owners are more responsible people by average . 
  here 's a finnish source : http://www.plzi.com/tekstia/omat/hiplaajat.htm it 's mentioned in the source that the homicide rate is 0,012 \u2030 for gun owners , whereas it 's 0,024 \u2030 for general population ( double ) . 
  it 's a question of balance between liberty and safety . 
  i personally believe that the former is more important . 
   someone did a statistical analysis and found that gun ownership had no correlation with murder rate . 
  this is actually incorrect , at least in finland . 
  gun ownership correlates inversely with murder rate . 
  a legal gun owner is less likely to kill someone , compared to a person who does n't own a gun . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  to me it seems like americans are enthusiastic about guns , but it 's mostly because they are an important part of the culture - in some states more than others . 
  in europe it 's different . 
  most people have never even held a firearm , so they are fetishized as tools of death that they are in action movies , when to americans ( and european firearm owners ) they are just tools like any other . 
   approximatley i will have my own gun license in a year , with it i am allowed to buy 2 handguns every 6 months and as many long weapons as i want , as long as they are not fully automated . 
  this sounds like a way better system than we have in finland . 
  here you have to apply for each license separately ( 79 euro cost ) and go through the police process , no matter how many guns you own at the moment . 
  you could have owned ar-15s and 9mm handguns for decades , but if you applied for a .22 lr pistol , none of that would make a difference in the application . 
  i own several myself and have fired lots of different guns on different occasions , including in the army . 
  it would be great if everyone got to try one out in a safe environment . 
  the more you shoot , the more it becomes about the sport and less about the firearm itself , and the mysticism around the piece of metal wears off . 
  20 years behind bars will teach a troll how to behave . 
  the shit is eventually going to hit the fan anyway . 
  it 's better that it happens sooner than later , so something can be done about it ( although it 's probably too late for sweden already ) . 
  at least there is some consolation to be found in the fact that in the end the joke really is on them . 
  good luck practicing liberal left wing feminism when ultra-conservative right wing misogynists start getting power . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  wars are a horrible waste of human life , but i 'm a firm believer in the saying `` if you want peace , prepare for war '' . 
  you will have to feed your own army , or the army of an invader . 
  the mankind has been at war since the beginning , and we clearly have n't reached some end of history status , where war is a thing of the past . 
   thats an argument for a european army , not against . 
  `` so i should die because you are not willing to build a military , but instead waste your money on other things ? '', 
  the difference is that nato is backed by the united states , which means that attacking it has three possible outcomes : 1 ) the attacker loses in conventional warfare 2 ) everyone loses in nuclear warfare , or 3 ) the us does n't get involved , and everything falls apart like a house of cards . 
  the third option would diminish us power around the world , as they would be seen an untrustworthy ally , so i do n't think that it is likely . 
  so far russia has not been willing to check if us is bluffing , and i do n't think that they will . 
  even at best their chance of surviving is about 33 % . 
  in case of an * eu only * coalition russia could probably test the defenses and not get completely annihilated . 
  eu simply does n't have the military to take russia out without massive losses . 
   if you dont agree to it can you explain why ? 
  take a look at how well the current agreements are adhered to during the times of crisis . 
  the dublin agreement has been torn apart , as has the schengen one . 
  same is true for many economic agreements . 
  i would have zero trust in eu when it comes to national security . 
  in fact , as of right now our national security is being undermined by european nations that are allowing free access of immigrants of unknown backgrounds into our country . 
  that , if anything , is a testament of so called european unity . 
  and then there is the situation in ukraine : the ukrainian people risked their lives for a better future as a part of eu , and yet all european countries turned their backs on them when it was the time to stand up . 
  not that this is anything new for europe , looking back at ww2 . 
  i can see why especially the baltic countries would be wary of an `` all european defense union '' - and for good reason !, 
  many european countries have no credible military and rely completely on the promise of mutually assured destruction , backed by the us . 
  and the countries with strong military are quite equal in terms of power , which could lead to indecisiveness in the time of conflict . 
  with us on the wheel , a decisive action is guaranteed . 
  i also believe that it 's better for europe to have some say in the us foreign policy when it comes to nato operations , instead of just having the us act alone . 
  also , remember what happened in 1914 , when there were at least 4 superpowers . 
  no power was strong enough to win decisive victory , which led to millions and millions of dead . 
  in a war between eu and russia a similar situation would occur . 
  eu would probably win eventually , but it would be a long and bloody war not unlike the previous world wars . 
  the point is that a too large of a number of people interpret islam literally . 
  that is the problem . 
  literal interpretation makes those followers like a crazier version of wbc . 
  there are sects that use islam only as a spiritual guidance , but unfortunately they are a minority . 
  brb , buying new calendars . 
  apparently we live in medieval europe . 
   i think it would be incredibly sad , sadder than what 's currently going on , if we forced out these humans who want are and have integrated but are still muslim along with those who do n't . 
  i do n't see how enforcing the law would affect integrated muslims . 
  even the constitution protects their freedom of religion . 
  the problems arise when free passes are given to religious groups for reasons of cultural sensitivity . 
  temporary tax increase , yeah right . 
  we have had a `` temporary automobile tax '' for almost 60 years now . 
  as far as i know , spain along with the rest of eu is imposing sanctions on syria . 
  iran has had an important role in circumventing those sanctions , so it 's interesting to see how things will go . 
  germany lost about 7,5 m people in ww2 and yet they were on their way to recovery very soon after the war ended ( gdr less so ) . 
  the devastation was far worse than in syria by all accounts . 
  it does n't take that long for a country to recover from war . 
   hence the urgent need to deploy integrationist measures like language courses and combating the orban type response . 
  this problem is far easier to prevent than it is to solve . 
  the * only * way to prevent it is by limiting immigration to such small numbers , that the individuals have no other alternative but to integrate . 
  imagine yourself moving to syria . 
  what do you do ? 
  you learn the language , absorb the culture and integrate into the society . 
  now what happens when you and 200 000 other slovenians move to syria ? 
  this changes things completely . 
  you can form a slovenian enclave inside of the host state without even the need to interact with syrians . 
  what makes matters even worse is that europe offers free social benefits , housing and everything they need . 
  what europe does n't offer are jobs . 
  and i 'm not even going to go to the differences between muslim culture and secular european culture . 
  i can pretty much guarantee that if assad should fall , it would be the most radical and violent groups that took power . 
  in a power-centered and violent culture it is the most violent and strong who rise to power . 
  it has always been that way , and al-assad is no exception either . 
  this is in my opinion a preferred alternative to killing everyone who supports assad . 
  at least al-assad has the ability to run the state . 
  i 'm absolutely opposed to the way that russia has been handling its foreign policy during the reign of putin .
