  as for documentaries , foreign shows and old movies : those should n't be paid for with public money . 
  ideological propaganda that i have to pay for . 
  apparently 500 million euros is not enough to make quality journalism . 
  that just is n't true . 
  firstly , some pistols are designed for shooting paper targets , the same way as some cars are designed for racing . 
  it 's a sport like any other . 
  dry practice is also hugely important for competitive shooting . 
  drawing , magazine changes , trigger pull etc. 
  the mastery in these comes through thousands of hours of dry practice at home . 
  not through hour of live-firing at the range every so often . 
  the suggestion of storing the weapons at the range is not a usable one , and not only because they ( the guns and the ranges ) are private property . 
  the guns need to be used at many different ranges due to competitions and also cleaned up . 
  but none of this is relevant . 
  what 's relevant is how big of a threat those guns pose to people in the society , and the answer to that is almost zero . 
  legally owned pistols or modern sporting rifles ( ar-15 , ak-47 etc. ), 
  are almost never used for criminal purposes in finland , or anywhere else in europe . 
  what 's wrong with nra ? 
  there are plenty of things that are not needed , but that 's not a reason for banning them . 
  yeah . 
  i 've been lucky to survive those 15 or so years of schooling with all those school shootings happening around europe today . 
  sounds like millions of people around the world are misusing their pistols in that case . 
  as a long time pistol owner i 've been certain that they are for shooting at paper targets . 
  that 's certainly what i got them for . 
  i mean , even the police does not consider `` shooting at people '' a valid reason for permit . 
  sounds like either they are wrong , or you are wrong . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  do you actually think that terrorists or baddies buy or steal their guns from european gun shops and then go through the painstaking process of converting them into fully automatic ? 
  ( not implying that the firing mode makes the gun any more or less dangerous ) . 
  there are tens of millions of ak-type rifles currently circling around the world , of which like 99,9999 % are fully automatic . 
  a huge number of those are traded through the black market and there are thousands and thousands more produced daily . 
  do you mean successful as in that guns are no longer available for law abiding citizens , or successful as in the ban having any measurable effects in regards to violence or terrorism ? 
  the former is certainly true , but i do n't remember seeing any evidence for the latter . 
  considering that this action is ** literally ** about eu trying to control the freedoms of its citizens by banning firearms - which the ussr also did - your comment makes very little sense . 
  what exactly are you attempting to convey ? 
  i mean it 's written right there for everyone to see . 
  why are you trying to turn it into a conspiracy theory ? 
  it 's the same old thing : gun control is n't about guns , it 's about control . 
  this has nothing to do with terrorism or safety . 
  never going to happen . 
  however , if this article is enough to fool at least one person to not come here , then it 's better than nothing . 
  just calling it as i see it . 
  20 years ago i could not for the life of me have imagined sweden to look like this in 2015 . 
  it looks like the entire nation has been turned around 180 \u00b0 , and everything is going south . 
  there 's no way to do that . 
  however , in every country there are individuals who think differently . 
  the correct action is to do what usa and canada are doing , and allow those individuals into the country . 
  ... such as freedom , safety & community cohesion . 
  ghettoization is n't the cause : it 's a symptom . 
  canada and usa are completely different from europe . 
  as far as i know , they have very limited humanitarian immigration through the un refugee quotas . 
  the rest of the immigrants go through an extensive selection process . 
  if you put educated and working people in a poor neighborhood , they are going to turn it into a rich one . 
  if you put uneducated , religious fundamentalists in the richest of all neighborhoods in the city , they are going to turn it into a ghetto , regardless of how much money you pour there ( see : sweden ) . 
  immigrants who come to north america want to become canadians or americans . 
  i would n't even call it multiculturalism . 
  most immigrants who come to europe do n't want to become europeans - they just want to live in europe . 
  as a matter of fact , in sweden and finland at least we use a type of `` inverted racism '' to prefer immigrants for certain jobs over native applicants . 
  ( which in my opinion is very racist towards the immigrants . ), 
  everyone also has mostly the same opportunities for going to school and even getting a master 's degree if they want . 
  if anything , this constant pandering is hurting the integration and employability of the immigrants . 
  for example , the schools set way lower standards for passing for certain groups , and this is n't a secret to anyone - not even the employers . 
  also , having to go pray multiple times a day ( and night ) or being tired as hell during the month of ramadan does not look good in the eyes of an employer . 
  let alone not being able touch food products that are haram , having to wear a veil in jobs where it is a safety concern , not being able to touch unknown men , not being able to work under a female , gay or jewish boss etc. 
  this list probably is n't even the tip of the iceberg of things that prevent good muslims from working certain positions . 
  some countries in europe have certainly done their part in the downfall of the middle-east following ww i , but that does n't explain homegrown radicalization , where immigrants of the 2nd and 3rd generation become radicalized . 
  are you comparing islam to organized crime now ? 
   radicalisation has nothing to do with a specific religion , but rather with religions in general . 
  radicalization in the west and the middle-east has [ everything to do with a specific religion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents,_2015 ) . 
  it 's just a coincidence that only muslims , generally regardless of their ethnicity , have problems integrating everywhere they go , while other groups , regardless of their religion or ethnicity , integrate just fine . 
  come on ... no other group of immigrants receives the amount of attention or benefits . 
  we could probably solve the world hunger if we paid as much attention to it , as we do on the integration of muslims . 
  no other group requires for the society to abandon its core values in order conform to their culture - and actually has the society follow those demands . 
  the muslims are hardly dumped into ghettos . 
  there are ( were ) no ghettos in scandinavia . 
  those are normal neighborhoods , which are abandoned by the native residents because of the flood of muslim immigrants from all around the country coming there . 
  i do n't think they care . 
  yes , definitely . 
  and my original post was n't my personal opinion : i 'm very critical of many aspects of the eu , but it 's wishful thinking that the mps would share my opinion . 
  i would have signed the citizens ' initiative too , had it not been the work of mr. v\u00e4yrynen . 
  it is 100 % / s in fact , i do n't even have a problem with legal ownership of rocket launchers or machineguns , provided that the applicants go through a proper scrutiny . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i meant to say that germany does not need a currency weaker than its european competitors , whereas the euro may be too strong and inflexible for economies like finland . 
  without going into details , monetary independence provides a country with more economic freedom and flexibility . 
  a monetary union on the other hand provides stability , which is also very important . 
  in case of finland the economy is stable , but in a state of stagnation . 
  a weaker currency would allow for us to make our exports cheaper and more competitive . 
  germany benefits from a stronger euro , being already a very competitive economy . 
  germany is also strong enough to affect euro through its own actions . 
  britain and sweden are also strong and competitive economies , but have chosen to stick with their own currency for the aforementioned reasons . 
  for countries such as romania and bulgaria , the euro is a gift and a curse . 
  it has a stabilizing effect on the unstable economies , but it requires those countries to become more competitive , or it will have a damaging effect due to cost of imports and exports . 
  debate : * should we leave euro zone ? 
  * * - no * * - absolutely not * * - i agree with the other guys * so there 's that debate ... 
  ban small arms now . 
  there 's no reason for anyone in europe to own a rocket launcher !, 
  islamophobia ... well , looks like you win this argument . 
  i know nothing about imaginary things , so i ca n't comment on them . 
  you could have a mutual agreement between the two countries to allow borderless travel . 
  i was just replying to your analogy . 
  for me it is n't the threat of terrorism that worries me , but europe 's unwillingness to protect itself .
