  or maybe electing another populist party that proclaim the crisis is completely gone thanks to them and the other ones are eta or venezuela . 
  depends on how much populism thirsty spanish wake up on that day . 
  i know ; after 2 years , spain has finally adopted the law that taxes some pharmaceutical products properly . 
  but all that time that products were being sold to another eu countries at lower prize causing unfair competition between parteners is underestimated . 
  some other things like the one that involve people paying the mortagage after evictions caused for non-payment rents are not going to fruition because is something that could damage spanish banks ( situation that they are resposible for while they were feeding the bubble at the moment , btw ) . 
  again , is another proof of only economical and not humanitarian reasons to act . 
  some countries ( like mine i 'm afraid ) need more resources to fight incompetence , corruption and abusiveness from our politics and the eu has n't been of much help until now , when they are realizing the costs it has to own a black sheep among them . 
  spying was not neccesary , really , but some investigations and questions could had been useful since the olympics but , simply , they did n't want to spoil the vision of `` the perfect and prosper europe '' they were swanking at the moment . 
  stupidity , laziness or hidden plots ; our politicians before the crisis were a complete waste . 
   all eu countries have chosen to give away certain parts of their sovereignty to an organisation of which they themselves are part of . 
  what part of soverignity asside economic are you speaking about ? 
  one week ago in spain , the government has enacted a law that has been seenn between european members as anti-democratic and against freedom of expression and i have n't already seen any european commissioner asking for a penalty . 
  we are ruling against european laws regarding evictions and , voil\u00e0 , we are evicting people and , after that , making them pay their mortgages as always . 
  i can only give you examples of frauds and european laws disobedience on spain present and past , but the list is long as fuck : copyrights taxes , pharmacy taxes , environmental laws , immigration , imprisonments ... 
   since the mid-1990s the greek governments cooked their books to let appear they were managing a somehow stable economy and that could handle the debt they were requesting , and from those numbers the lender calculated their risk . 
  so , the most wise thing is keep lending more money to the greek government when the recession started and , later , hauling and asking greeks to vote the same political parties that cheated on them before , hahaha . 
  do n't people realize that this makes no sense ? 
  that eu leaders should know what they were dealing with since the beginning and , somehow , they were making profit on the situation or else are they deeply stupid ? 
  i do n't really understand why we changed the eec initials into eu , to begin with . 
  because all arguments in favor of the troika or in favor of greece are purely economic . 
  nobody stops to think what an union is meant for and what 's the difference with a comunity . 
  nobody really is considering that we are going to punish 12 million of people and leading them to oblivion and poverty only to save our preferential status that , by the way , is vastly disparate among union countries . 
  entire europe is not going to fall into poverty making the debt more sustanaible for piigs . 
  we seem more interesting in leading the international markets with a strong currency ( something that does n't affect directly to most people ) than closing the gap betweem rich and poor in our `` union '' . 
   i also think you underestimate the cultural closeness of the spanish people to the french for example . 
  maybe , speaking about euroscepticism on a subreddit of europe is not a good idea to receive upvotes but i stay ; the fact is that realtionships between spanish and frenchs or english are harsh , if it were n't so , terms like `` gabachos '' ( french ) and `` guiris '' ( english ) were n't used to describe some people . 
  we do n't have such words to describe germans , italians or portugueses . 
  the situation is similar ( to some extent ) of what happen between greeks and bulgarians . 
  french are always depicted as prepotent and , even , a little joke about sports ( the absurde polemic of the canal + gui\u00f1ol program ) causes diplomatics problems between both countries . 
  your potatoes were vandalized just like our strawberries were in the past , and the worst of all is that we reach an agreement about eta very recently . 
  terrorists were capable on crossing your frontiers with relatively ease during dictatorship and also during democracy . 
  it seemed ( and thus it is seen ) france fight finally against eta when the 90 % of the plotting was inside your borders . 
  on the other hand , uk and the gibraltar status are also a good source of polemic . 
  and not only that , just speaking about english tourism inside the country with fellow citizens you realize they are ( deffinitely ) seen as the worst kind of tourists of all . 
  and i 'm not speaking about how we lost cuba and the support britains gave to usa in the war ... everything i told you is part of some conversations i have sometimes and animosity is very tangible on some people . 
  ironically , left parties voters are the most respectful and most capable of leaving behind and right parties voters , that shake hands with your leaders right now , the most critical . 
  diplomatic relationships with morocco are difficult but , despite differences , we have reached more agreements lately than discrepances . 
  spain , anyways , has a strong bound to muslims as christians , muslims and jews coexisted for many years ( though many years ago ) . 
  egypt have always been a valuable ally of turkey and turkey and greece have reached an astonishing improved relations that are a true example of coexistence and respect , i do n't see why egypt have to be scrapped if an alleged `` mediterranean alliance '' is formed just because they were on urss side . 
  ~ ~ ancient greece ~ ~ ~ ~ ancient rome ~ ~ ~ ~ barbarians ~ ~ ~ ~ charles i of spain and v of germany ~ ~ ~ ~ napoleon bonaparte ~ ~ ~ ~ hitler ~ ~ and now ... ~ ~ euro ~ ~ how many times are we going to try to unite the entire europe before giving up and realizing is just imposible even with friendly agreements ? 
  at least , this is not leading to a war ( apparently ) but is a failure nonetheless . 
  i do not expect the euro to survive for 10 years more . 
  as spanish , i seriously think that an agreement between mediterranean countries ( even with morocco and egypt ) , that have more in common with us , would have lead to a brighter future for our contries . 
  as i also think that northern countries could have pursued the same thing with their neighbours too . 
  for example , it 's just make no sense for spanish to get along with countries : we invaded , they have invaded us , have lied about us while in war with usa ( war that leave us without foreign colonies ) , ocuppy a terrain inside our land , leave us on a dictatorship for 40 years , have supported illegal sabotages on our exports ( as we supported theirs ) , borrowed money to our corrupted politicians , trivialize about waves of inmigrants that come from africa , etc. 
  the common sense makes me think that a sole european union is just impossible and issues like the greek disaster and the consequent missundertanding from northern and southern countries is the least we should expect . 
  solar energy has become a thing in greece and is always a been a recurrent topic if investment in this area could lead to some energetic independence . 
  sure oil is going to be always a need for transportation and machinery but , as i said before , the spent on carbides have decreased a lot since the crisis started . 
  yeah , i have already said that on another comment . 
   how a weak currency can strengthen the energy sector in a country that imports most crude is also not clear to me . 
  basically , you are bounded to spend your own energetical resources and reduce the imports of foreign 's . 
  your energetics companies see a reduction of competition and grow . 
  the downside is that it can increase selling prices for citizens and i do n't think greece has a very large of nonrenewable energetics sources so a heavy investment must be made . 
  i do n't know if you remember the exxon ( alaskan energy company ) case in bush administration . 
  the devaluation of the dollar increased savagely the prices of oil and bush started to promote alaskan protected resources as the only solution for the crisis . 
  devaluation is good to improve exports , tourism and to strengthen energy sector . 
  some , even argue that it also helps to create new jobs . 
  usa has a 30 years plan to devaluate the dollar and nobody is saying is bad for them to do so . 
  a strong currency is worth it if you import a lot and seek for spending/investing , a reduction of interests rates and lesser debt burden . 
  nowadays , imports on greece are decreasing steadily this year ( the crisis has affected greatly the energetic consumption ) , people do n't have money to spend on luxuries and raise the country and all the eu proposals i saw on debts are increasing them to maintain the actual status of greek economy and afford ... more future debts . 
  so the actual infation-esque situation for greece is not helping neither . 
  a `` no '' vote is perfectly admissible because they are not determining their economic stance , that is going to get worse anyways , but to let some outer economic entity to decide how to handle their own situation . 
  our finance minister is a bit retarded . 
  the exit of greece out of eu would be a problem with tourism in spain since drachma will be a lot more devaluated currency . 
  tourism is the most important source of income we have every year and is gon na be a little difficult to compete with greece ( 10th touristic country in europe right now ) like we have now competing with turkey . 
  our finance minister should be tearing his hair off defending the permanence of greece on the euro . 
  but he is more interested in telling us next year `` i told you '' when his party lose the november election . 
  i also hear that , if the conclusion is bad anyways , let 's do it our way and f *** troika or imf . 
  that 's how democracy works ... people voted syriza knowing what their position about debt and taxing was . 
  so greeks surely are agreed with all the proccess we are seeing . 
  indeed , syriza is putting their people first doing what they promised to do before the elections . 
  i expect a political revalidation with another early elections or a referendum about the exit of the eu to keeping their promises up . 
  if greeks feel like they have enough , they will vote another party or a `` no '' in the referendum case . 
  what worries me the most about that scenario is that greece is not going to starve and get into poverty as easily and , most probably , they will find help from another countries like russia . 
  then , we will have another russian-friend country at the border of the eu . 
  intrinsically , is not a bad thing , but i wager that the troika will prefer to be seen as a joke rather than having russia be at the eu gates . 
  france , germany and european inversors of greece have n't ruined greece ( from my point of view ) , if they ruined something , they runied all european union countries letting ecb absorb all the greek debt . 
  is not the same thing saying greece ought us 200k than saying greece owe ecb 200k . 
  sharing between all members what german , french or whichever banks have wrongly invested make easy to ask for greece to leave ; 5 years ago , when all the investments were yours and you were the only one at risk , not so much . 
  btw , i 'm appraising the intentions of syriza to make us think and create an environment of discussion . 
  when their intentions are to avoid all their liabilities , i would not be so fond of them . 
  i really do n't want to discuss politics and economy in english ( not my main language ) , i feel very weak defending my ideas , lol . 
  germany has been using greece negligence to his own benefit . 
  both france and germany banks have financed greece debt when it was higher than recommended . 
  france and germany has the risk , not greece , but greek are the only ones who must afford the debt ? 
  now both countries are in a good position because , deliberately , let the ecb to drain the debt they generated in the past . 
  now , without any personal risk , they can settle greece on fire if they like saying things like the one you say `` if you do n't like it , get out '' . 
  if people had seen any hopes of improving , syriza would n't be ruling greece . 
  seriously , the situation of greece were well known for his people but also for germany and the rest of the eu since the athens olympics . 
  even , as a tourist , you ca n't obviate that the greece miracle was just a facade . 
  but germany was more prone to lend money than to show some interest about the fact you are giving money to a corruption state like greece was . 
  and , now , is all about the debt and the rights about the rest of the european people to receive their money back ... wtf . 
  is like lending money to a friend who takes drugs and , knowing the fact , you keep giving . 
  then , you fucked up with something and ask your friend the money back asap saying how much reckless he was years ago . 
  stop the nonsense , we are not inside an union of economic growth and development for all . 
  eu is a very form of financial support for the richest countries to prevail above the poorest forever . 
  sometimes , we need a douchebags politicians who piss on everything and everyone . 
  the only thing i ca n't abide is apathy and stagnation when the situation of your country is so critical . 
  he reinstated a government more akin to what it was before the republic , silenced independent movements and , in general , all the people who acted accordingly to what he said lived decently well . 
  torquemada was different .
