yeah , thats why we have all the black , chinese and muslims living in guettos while france , germany and sweeden do n't . 
  / ironic mode off, 
  the image has been uploaded by podemos ( leftist spanish political party ) . 
  the title in english : so is the european parliament during the debate on palestine . 
  a real shame . 
  yep , d'hont and , specially , circumscriptions ruined everything for them . 
  psoe and pp have been avoiding to change electoral laws even when it was pretty obvious that independentists had an uncomfortable ( for them ) amount of performance in the country politic scene . 
  but as ciu , erc , pnv etc. 
  have been always a resource of pacts , never considered to change anything . 
  the concern of this situation could happen was indicated by other political parties like upyd and iu and , even , rosa diez warned european institutions many times . 
  but europe has n't done a thing , neither . 
  the conclusion i draw from all of this is that , if spain government never attempt to do anything and european union never consider to push for a change , catalonia independence is not a big deal and , surely , you all will get fine and inside the union in two years . 
  not exactly ( or , maybe , yes ) but it could be more convenient to isolate the refugees in a familiar environment than spreading them around people that are radically different than them . 
  if there was a war in canada , argentina , new zealand . . and we have to deal with their refugees , there will be no problem but islamists are an different thing . 
  islamists need a proper leader to get them in the right path and , i 'm afraid , not all of our countries have the same amount of imams and mosques to monitor them . 
  1 million of islamic refugees are a crazy amount of them , nobody could handle them . 
  because wars on northern africa or near east will never end and it seems we are always thinking in short terms . 
  is has appeared and now it seems we are saturated but , before is , there was al qaeda and , before that , the talibabs and , before that , kurds and before that all those islamic extremists groups that attacked tourists in egypt and before that ... never mind . 
  there will be a moment where all entire africa is going to ring our doors and we will be still thinking what kind of problems they had to run from their countries . 
  the problem is that europe is treated like the dumb continent who always been there to help . 
  usa , canada , rusia , china emirates , brazil and argentina could also lend a hand without much hassle . 
  but , no , europe have the problem on its frontiers so we have to deal with it , even when this war is more likely to be supported by another countries for their own benefit . 
  europe has zero benefits and one million refugees . 
  the independent choices are : a coalition formed by : ciu , a right-wing party , also a coalition from another 2 parties , and affected ( strained i must say ) right now by the case of corruption of his founder leader . 
  is also not very clear if his current leader acknowledge the situation and is free of corruption himself . 
  moreover , they are popularly seen between spanish and non-independtist as dishonests due to their constant talks and thorny political agreements with pp ( current spanish party in government ) like the tax amnesty . 
  erc , indepentist left party which real interest on independetism has been only sawn 81 years ago . 
  the decaying amount of votes on sucesive elections was mended with a new independist cry some years ago . 
  the decisicion succeed and , now , everyone forget their stillness during these years and vote for them . 
  the independentism is like the phoenix bird , it resurrects lost votes like charm . 
  the another independentist option is cup . 
  a political party that , apparently , never is happy with anything related with independentism . 
  when ciu and erc said `` let 's discuss with the spanish government and reach some agreements on economy '' they said `` no . 
  we need an independent catalonia '' and , now , when ciu and erc say `` we need an independent catalonia and have the tools to reach it '' they said `` only if we reach a 55 % on the suffrage '' . 
  well ... 
  the non-independentist options are the national parties that we all know . 
  in order of possible support on the elections : - ciutadans de catalunya ( ciudadanos ) : the moderate right party who asked for a change in the national political condition , but have formed government with proved corrupted parties ( pp on madrid and psoe on andalucia ) . 
  - psoe : unfortunately , the best choice of this options . 
  they have lost some appeal over the years and their performance on national politics are awful ( a mix of corruption and ineptness ) but , at least , their candidate is not a two-faced businessman , a xenophobe fascist or a tendentious hippy . 
  - podemos : some media report them as the key to non-independentism because , in case of simple majority , they can pact with ciutadans or psoe to save the day . 
  - pp : i 'm not sure why they keep trying to reach something on catalonia but ... 
  i expect a small drop on votes since the last elections . 
  their current candidate is well known for his samples of racism during his tenure at the city hall of badalona . 
  i know what everybody is thinking . 
  catalonia is f ***** . 
  truly , this is not the best time to independentism , not with parties like these . 
  aaaaand ... that 's your job as pm , moron ... promote a better education system on inmigrants , perform surveillance actions on problematique ones , implement citizen informative sessions , i can say a million things a pm can do to improve the relationship between citizens and inmigrants . 
  all this things sumed up won ` t let `` bad muslim actions '' expand across anyone 's country . 
  but i do n't if this guy is a selfish fathead or just lazy . 
  there are several applications for international trade that are still in german . 
  so i 'd recommend that as a third language ( english as your second ), 
  pretty boring . 
  none of my friends in spain like him xd, 
  that 's what i thought . 
  people seems to think that swedish far-right is fighting for gay rights on muslims communities , but that people on the vid are being used to fuel hate between both communities . 
  fortunately , not much people attended on the provocation and several muslims also started marching with them ( or so i was told by another swedish redditor yesterday ) . 
  yeah , i have just bought that yacht i always wanted ( thx , rajoy ) and now i 'm sailing to the southern coast of france . 
  i 'm happy by the news . 
  everybody around me has job since reading this !, 
  it 's a miracle !, 
  and thinking that reading a sole graphic was enough to improve our situation ... the time we wasted fighting for a better salary conditions , against corruption , uneven salaries , evictions on the streets ... damn . 
  it really was lower before the current government ( 4 years ago ) . 
  president = prime minister in my country . 
  i 'm not used to think about it as separate words . 
  the simple ( and potential ) image of seeing varoufakis as the future elected president of greece is just ... epic or between paradoxical and hilarious . 
  for the heart health of their counterparts in eu , i hope he is not really planning to submit an application for the january elections . 
  but , if it finally happens and he wins , that 'll teach the rest of governments a valuable lesson : never lend money at harch conditions to a president ( tsipras ) who is not acting as their people wanted . 
  in the conditions that greece may be found in january , i see chances of a varoufakis-esque party or golden dawn to gain the power , declare the debt as null and setting an autocracy that leave the rest of the union with one less country , millions of unpayed debt and a stupid wtf gesture in their face . 
  that 's why is called fast food : hamburgers are n't hamburgers pizza is n't pizza and so on . 
  the real shame is doing crappy food from gastronomic country specialities , like tapas in spain , giros in greece , quiches in france , etc. 
  same in spain . 
  they have lost all the good fame it had . 
  nowadays , domino 's or locals are taking some loyal telepizza customers pretty fast even in medium / big cities . 
  i wonder what is the three more prominent fast-food franchises in each country ? 
  in spain it seems : mcdonalds ( totally agree with the map ) , telepizza ( pizza spanish franchise ) and 100m ( crappy-tapas spanish franchise ) . 
  foreign would be ( i guess ) : mcdonald , burger king and domino 's pizza . 
  this . 
  i think that the ratio of mcdonalds in spain versus burger king + tgb ( spanish similar franchise ) do n't reach a 50/50 , maybe a 40/60 . 
  and i 'm only speaking about burger franchises ... 
  as a similiarity between your situation and ours and , like i said many times , our politicians before the crisis were completely useless , lazy or , maybe , just evil . 
  personally , i have always been dealing with economical issues , i have never lived the `` mediterranean dream '' some people and you talk about . 
  only about 2 millons ( roughly a 5 % of the population ) lived in spain living beyond their means just because our government was grossing the housing bubble ; basically , that meant a construction worker were better paid than a lawyer or a teacher , for example . 
  the rest of the middle class have always lived at the edge between the line that divide living decently well and nearly touching the poverty . 
  but , our government showed statistics of spain growing , they even meant us to enter the g8 against italy and proclaimed our superiority as the 8th strongest economy of the world . 
  the worst , as i also have said before on this sub , that eu applauded them . 
  they only saw spain was growing financially and did n't care about wich actions we were taking to grow so . 
  imf said one time `` spain significantly outperfors its euro-area colleagues in most respects . 
  even a casual glance at the data makes clear that spain stands close to the head of the class '' . 
  they , the experts in global economy , the ones who must seek for a chink in a country economy and should lead the fight for prosperity did n't found anything odd on spanish economy on 2007 ( where i took this commentary ) . 
  and , now , the say we were living beyond our means and we should be ashamed for not working as hard as germans worked in the past to avoid crisis . 
  so , because of that , because of that false claims and anormal flatteries , people voted the same parties over and over sinking deeper into the swamp . 
  when podemos say `` it is not a crisis , is a fraud '' they are right in all what that sentence could mean . 
  most people did n't know or even talked about economy , people just followed their government and foreign statements and took for granted we were heading in the right way . 
  is our fault for blindly trusting our governement without a trace of doubt , yes . 
  are we searching for the solution ? 
  yes . 
  and the solution is unseat the two political parties who had lead us to this situation . 
  are you saying syriza and podemos are populist and our votes should be from the other parties because of that ? 
  i told you another thing : populism  idiocy . 
  that 's because the current leaders are going to loose their positions on the next elections if they do n't persuade the voters saying how bad are the new parties and giving the greece example as what a change could bring .
