  the reason it would not fly here is that cooking there is far cheaper . 
  they are genius at turning an almost zero budget into food that almost looks edible e.g. 
  fried meat that is all breading and hardly any meat combined with disgusting sticky rice . 
  horrible , but there is no money for better . 
  what do you think made them disadvantaged ? 
  not their behavior ? 
  who drinks shots in the middle of meals ? 
  before , to work up an appetite , or after , to help digestion . 
  that 's scottish, 
   i 'm not sure , a communist-run system can be very effective in certain types of procedures such as the creative , imaginative , artistic use of statistics . 
  statistical expressionism , i may say . 
  i think this actually differs by country ... 
  the netherlands have always been known for a fairly strong traditional fast-food culture , while for example denmark not so much . 
  here i see people very easily switch to coke zero , but still the first thing after coming home after work is a shot of liquor and a beer . 
  however you are right in the sense that i do see this here on children and young adults , just over 30 people like me not so much . 
  you know it is a bit surreal now , because `` normally '' people should get fatter as they age , so young people should look thinner than older people . 
  and it is totally not so now !, 
  if i go to a beach , waterslide park , i definitely see people at 15 being on the average fatter than people at 30 . 
  and it is pretty scary . 
  i do n't know about you guys but `` spontaneous '' tends to mean organized by the cool young hip student children of the opposition party leaders here :-), 
  just ally with naples i guess . 
  somehow b\u00fctzow sounds like the most prussian name i ever heard , almost stereotypical . 
  i guess because there was a warship of a similar name . 
  or a famous general . 
  why does everybody talk about eating , not drinking ? 
  here in the wild east everybody fat i know , including myself , is a hard drinker , 2000 kcal booze a day . 
  hukk !, 
  getting fat without drinking seems hard . 
  a sandwich in the morning , a hot dog in the evening , a dinner of meat and potatoes ... 1800 kcal at most . 
  i would say we have a more general category here : eastern european peasant comedies : - hungary : \u00dcvegtigris - czech republic : kurvahosi ( the inheritance / dedictvie or kurvahosigutentag , so the `` bohus movie '' ) - serbia : black cat , white cat and the underground any others ? 
  rindskop perhaps ? 
  look . 
  we both are from post-commie countries so you should now better ... it is generally not about eating . 
  it is about getting drunk less !, 
  eating is an american problem . 
  we drink ourselves to fattitude !, 
  instead of cutting car taxes , as if that had nothing to do with the private sector . 
  you guys have as old cars on the average as much poorer countries ( so roughly like we do ) , far older than similar rich places , due to taxes , and any environmental , co2 saving due to fewer cars is cancelled out by older cars being more polluting . 
  if i lived in denmark i guess i would start looking for other parties to vote for ... 
  bmi 30.5 checking it , officially it is obese . 
  practically tall muscular guy with big belly . 
  i think we get fat differently than americans do . 
  not sugar , not fast food . 
  in my case : alcohol and peasant food ( bacon , eggs , lots of bread ) . 
  funny thing is , google translate is based on a european language ... infrastructure ? 
  basically they trained the program by feeding in official eu documents that were translated to many languages by hand . 
  i do n't understand the $ 2100 figure in austria . 
  i know people who are accountants , with a college degree , making $ 1900 before taxes . 
  and that is an above-average job ? 
  ok the median age is 42 and they are like 32 the people i am talking about but still . 
  i know that pretty much everybody working as a waiter or similar job , or shop clerk , has an before taxes $ 1250 collective contract . 
  could be the average so far higher above that ? 
  as a contrast , the hungarian figure , $ 579 is very realistic , that is roughly how i would hire an average person , like an experienced blue collar or an office assistant . 
  to me slavic faces are a bit more rounded than western european ones , as if having one chinese great-grandpa . 
  this is more visible on women , sometimes called a heart shaped face . 
  quite pretty . 
  by the germanic face i mean blond women whose features look a bit masculine . 
  strong jaws , noses . 
  people do n't move so much around in eastern / central europe . 
  often many generations in same city . 
  largely because there is no tradition to go to a college to another city , local college is easier . 
  well , how would they have any idea of my gpa ? 
  it is not like they asked . 
  i was not an idiot and sent out the cvs , applications without a mention of it . 
  all the 800 business who did not reply to it did not know it . 
  also , the point is that the knowledge was useless , it was not worth having . 
  you seem to have missed this part . 
  microeconomics , statistics , math , accounting law etc. 
  neither has anything to do with real jobs . 
  for example , we were taught statistics like correlation and regression . 
  nobody ever ever in the last 15 years after that ever asked a report with that complicated stat . 
  it was only reports like `` sales this year '' `` budget '' `` last year '' never anything more complicated . 
  so it was not worth learning and we knew it , hence did not care . 
  knowledge that would have helped and i had to self teach because they did not teach it : how does a basic sales process look like from quote to order to shipment to invoice to collecting money ? 
  how to write a polite payment reminder ? 
  a less polite `` pay fucker or i sue you '' one ? 
  how powerful are excel pivot tables ( very , good for almost anything ) . 
  how to spot theft when taking up physical inventory ? 
  it is similar to e.g. 
  a restaurant trade school , my wife went to one , they teach would be waiters how to serve at a super elegant 18 course diplomatic dinner and in real life 99 % will just throw a plate of schnitzel in front of people in a basic restaurant . 
  it is knowledge not worth having . 
  or as a curiosity . 
  piggybacking upon this topic , we have in hungary a not quite folk , but `` folkish '' genre of `` ruralistic pop '' music called `` mulat\u00f3s '' and i would like to ask if it is similar to manele in romania , schramli in austria , turbofolk in serbia so the neighboring lands ? 
  here are some examples : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy1garyncku https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y977acvg68 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxn6iouwdtu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5avdg8pmhgg also the funny thing is that here everybody `` officially '' hates mulat\u00f3s because it is such a low-brow peasant bumkpin music , yet at 3am after 8 shots and 4 beers they dance their ass off to it anyway . 
  just not talk about it the next day . 
  kinda embarrassing . 
  it is like the skipiste-pop in austria , people never admit to like it , but dance to it when drunk enough . 
  i wonder if it is more of a partisanship than hate : maybe unionists oppose everything what sinn f\u00e9in supports . 
  i wonder if it is more of a partisanship than hate : maybe unionists oppose everything what sinn f\u00e9in supports . 
  we did not really have advanced majors like that , just business admin , and stuff like that , and since we had zero job experience and every employer wanted 1-3 years , even snatching a junior controller position was hard . 
  i remember interviewing with an indian manager at an insurance company who asked me what kinds of projects we had at school , i asked him what is a project , it was downhill from there . 
  we were not doing anything practical projects just memorizing stuff from microeconomics to accounting law or types of insurances and barfing it back on exams . 
  it was in 2002 . 
  i ended up being hired by an idiot who sucked at hiring , but sucked at everything else , so bided my time until 18 months passed and i could claim `` several years '' experience and went on to a normal company . 
  nothing i ever did at job was taught . 
  very diverse genetics . 
  some people look asian , some typically slavic , some like the woman in the turqois jacket a german type face , the girlfriend of the malibu shirt guy looks very much like a lot of girls here in hungary , the guy with the girl in green jacket wearing gloves looks like a horse etc. 
  hungary : if you have kids , you need a permit from the child protection agency to live abroad . 
  ok this was abolished a year ago . 
  however , there are still rules like being able to prove to the child protection services that every mandatory vaccine was given .
