  this is sort of complicated when you e.g. 
  live in austria and vaccines are not mandatory , we have them given anyway , but the tricky part is that sometimes different countries use different vaccines . 
  actually we have had a more modern version given to our daugther in austria than the hungarian child protection services recognize . 
  this could cause trouble . 
   there is no `` weapons law '' at all , all weapon permits and all regulations are done by police , not parliament ; so basically you can buy a permit to any weapon with some bribe ? 
  sounds pretty cool . 
  this sounds like a good idea . 
  i understand how for the reddit demographic `` learning discipline '' has negative connotations , but actually it is pretty useful for a lot of people , but often you understand it only as a hindsight when you get older . 
  for example i abused the shit out of the fact that college , unlike high school , had no mandatory attendance . 
  it was possible to now show up all semester , just one exams . 
  guess what , i had merely passing grades . 
  we spent all day playing poker in the cheap bar next to the college . 
  no discipline at all . 
  of course , i was not interested in what i studied , but nobody goes to a business school out of love . 
  we were after a degree we believed has `` moneeey '' written all over it . 
  turned out it does n't and we should have went stem but that is a different story . 
  windows base + free software applications is often a good combo as it is sucks ass to try to get many games run under linux with wine . 
  aside from the software necessary for my work ( i use a company laptop , no point in buying an own one ) i do n't really use any proprietary ones . 
  well , okay , games from steam . 
  o_0 i was expecting a big party with a huge cauldron of wild pig stew . 
  i think stv is a bit too sci-fi , most non fptp countries simply use party lists . 
   your stem degree would n't be such a source of joy for you if you lived in a miserable world without art . 
  making art is a whole lot different from a job to make art . 
  it is usually a hobby , a passion , self-taught , not the get a college degree then apply for a painter job on monster.com type i think you confuse passions / interests with the point of higher education . 
  higher education gives people a paper . 
  people go there for the paper . 
  not the knowledge . 
  the paper better be useful . 
  the knowledge is perfectly well acquirable outside the education system . 
  the paper not . 
  people who just go to a library to study classics or drama will know more about it in a year than wasting time in a university for four . 
  the university gives the paper , not the knowledge , and is only useful when people need the paper . 
  nobody ever got a movie career based on their schooling . 
  the idea of applying to movie actor job showing the papers , the certification is downright ridicoulous . 
  so the university is not supposed to be the only place to learn things . 
  people should self-educate . 
  the university is more of a certification place , in fields where it matters . 
  there are jobs in the arts ? 
  just do a quick monster search, 
  more like a pessimist, 
  i would n't vote , just as i do n't vote at home . 
  from my angle , left of center makes things worse , right of center fails to improve . 
  why bother ? 
  why do you care ? 
  if you chose your major carefully like stem it would be very easy to pay it back . 
  it is just a problem for idiots who major in medieval poetry ( instead of making that their hobby , like how my own job is also stem but my hobby is history , stuff like this people can self-educate for free ) . 
  i think it is a tool for precisely this purpose . 
  wait , people in the uk think tutitions are a bad idea ? 
  why ? 
  they are a good tool for pushing people away from bullshit degrees and towards degrees that have market earning potential . 
  basically it is like a bet . 
  like `` i bet 9000 pounds this degree will give me a good job with a good pay '' . 
  so it makes people choose more carefully . 
  not necessarily , it is not immediately obvious what system is best . 
  proportional representation takes it granted that people vote for political parties . 
  fptp assumes people vote for local personalities . 
  at some level , it is very bad when people vote parties . 
  the issue is they entrench the party elite . 
  with proportional representation it almost does n't matter who is your mp you just pick the one that represents your party . 
  so they will nominate some obedient fuckwit , not a local person everybody respects . 
  i think the modern world should not give up the fight against voting for parties , we should try to focus more on voting for personalities , for finding the local mp who is the best person for the job and not just having the right party colors . 
  i would say , uk/us/france _ pretends _ people vote for local personalities the rest us have given this up , and nobody really tries to make it so . 
  there was one ? 
  i want an ass on it . 
  so basically there is the bitcoin and then there would be the buttcoin . 
  what a day would be . 
  interesting how saint george was originally a near eastern legend , i wonder if england chose him just to send a message to the welsh ? 
  yeah it happened with with aristocrats after 1789 quite a lot . 
  or a proper u. 
  so basically it is pretty much ivlivs caesar for example . 
  oh and they loved to abbreviate things so they would just carve iv x i l t v f q somewhere and then good luck to figure out what they meant . 
  i hope they paid $ 100k consulting fees someone for this shit . 
  wow ... this looks surprisingly professional . 
  so should i really assume if i ask an english person to pronounce the name of pavel tsatsouline , he will not pronounce it as chachouline ? 
  i would , but perhaps because i am working from a hungarian approach to `` ts '' . 
  i also wonder what would be the difference between \u0442\u0448 and \u0447 , i guess something fairly subtle . 
  my point is precisely that \u0446 is tz and ts is \u0447 . tsar sounds like \u0447\u0430\u0440 instead of \u0446\u0430\u0440 and that is not right . 
  ts is pretty much the same as ch , such as `` chai tea '' and russian for \u0447\u0430\u0439 sound pretty much the same , and ts is the same as this ch sound . 
  so \u0446 should be approximated with tz . 
  because when they transliterate \u0446\u0430\u0440 as tsar this sounds like char and that is not right . 
  as ts and ch sounds alike . 
  i did n't understand local . 
  oh wait you mean `` peasant talk '' , like non city dialects , rural ones ? 
  that would be highly shameful here in hungary so nobody really does that in rap . 
  i can show you the opposite , basically making fun of / criticisizing the rural peasants : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xykivvxtois, 
  wait , this is actually cool . 
  most european rap tries to be pseudo-intellectual , which goes against the traditions of the genre . 
  this guy is at least `` street '' or seems so . 
  like looks like an authentic lower-class prole . 
  another one of this kind is massiv . 
  dragons  grenades, 
  i never really managed to understand what `` w '' is for . 
  i am hungarian . 
  the closest i could get is that it is maybe a `` uv '' sound . 
  so `` what '' is `` uvhat '' or `` uuaat '' when you try to say it really correctly in english . 
  hovever i alvays speak this vay and no brit has ever complained so i guess the difference may not be as big as it vas . 
  acutally this contains a common mistake . 
  saying `` c '' sounds like `` ts '' in hungary , serbia , poland . 
  in hungary at least but i think in others as well , it is `` tz '' . 
  i mean it is a common mistake in english because for example tzar ( correct ) is sometimes written as tsar ( wrong ) , so they make this mistake with russian too , or actually sometimes when people express disapproval by saying `` tz , tz '' it is sometimes written as `` tsk , tsk '' in english .
