  so for women it is either not at all omg cutesy babies want to nurture them moar moar , so the two extremes , men are often in the middle , sure have kids why not , sure i will kinda play with them half an hour every day why not , but not stress it much . 
  i do n't think expectations are important . 
  i do n't understand why feminists complain about them . 
  only weak people care about what others expect , strong people given them the middle finger and do what they want to . 
  but i empathize with the problem a bit . 
  i see in my family , no woman is a feminist yet they seem to care too much about other people 's opinion e.g. 
  customers complaining . 
  while a man is often more like customers complain ? 
  fuck them very much , they should shop somewhere else . 
  so more independent thinking . 
  but i think we can not have a world where there are no expectations . 
  if you remove non-feminist expectations you will have feminist expectations i.e. 
  careerism , especially looking at how capitalists benefit from that ... you will always have some kind of expectations . 
  i think it would be better to tough up and not care about them . 
  this is why had courage written on my wife 's ring . 
  ( and she had written patience on mine . ), 
  at any rate for example for us it is a very ideal solution because my wife is far less ambitious than me . 
  she turns down promotions , fears responsibility . 
  and working as a bee 40 hours is not really that much fun , so going on a 5 hour workday and looking after our child is something she really likes , as it is enough to get out of the home and socialize and exercise ( hard blue collar labor ) but not too much . 
  while i am the opposite , i desperately want to be a manager . 
  i thin many couples are like this , due to testosterone differences . 
  i find it interesting that you sound like having kids or not is not really a dilemma for you but more like a `` default no '' . 
  i think this is really who the dropping birthrates esp . 
  dropping white middle class birthrates came about , first it was `` expected '' , then a `` dilemma '' , and now for many people `` default no '' . 
  true , kids are not that kind of cutesy treasures they are made out to be . 
  but that is not my main reason . 
  it is more like continuing the family name , passing on the family heirloom ... 
  i have this hunch , not yet confirmed , that default child-free people do not rever their ancestors much , this is why they do not feel like continuing the line . 
  i personally would find it very tragic if for example the photos of my grandparents or their valuable objects like a 120 years old pocket watch would not be handed down in the family . 
  this weakly confirms my view that left-wing people are very concerned about things like status , respect , prestige , standing . 
  it is obviously a very left mag , just look at the header . 
  i know a belgian postman who works 1 week and then 1 week free . 
  they seem to be ahead of you ( _ trollface _ ) . 
  it would be difficult to spend so much free time , but he bought a motorbike and then rides it into various countries . 
  kind of conveniently located for it . 
  east belgium , german speaking parts . 
  is there even a gay neighborhood in vienna ? 
  i live here since 2009 , and i was not exactly keen to find it but i guess i should have stumbled upon it . 
  i know there is a gay bar near the naschmarkt , they often put up big quasi-political molinos that i can see from the subway , such as `` men 's organizations are n't sexy '' and similar things . 
  to be fair , it looks like there are hardly such a thing as a defined neighborhood at all . 
  some districts are rich , some districts are multicultural , but for example it is not like that the turks live in one street and the serbs in another . 
  over 40 , which i figure is becoming the majority - demographics are not good ... 
  looks like an inner city stunt . 
  living in the 21th or 22th district ( floridsdorf / donaustadt ) , everything accross the danube almost looks like another world ... 
  this is actually more about liberal democracy than democracy . 
  some hungarian conservative intellectuals ( i.e. 
  k\u00f6r\u00f6s\u00e9nyi ) are toying with resurrecting max webers idea of leadership democracy as opposed to liberal democracy , as it could be more useful for countries like us that do not have a fully western culture , meaning a strong , independent thinking middle class bourgeois people . 
  the root issue is that these definitions are based on the structural sociology of race and sex , that it is not possible for a society to structurally oppress the most powerful group . 
  however in the personal sense it is still racism and sexism in the sense that it is an asshole behavior based on race and sex . 
  it would be good to not confuse the two . 
  the root issue is that these definitions are based on the _ structural _ sociology of race and sex , that it is not possible for a society to structurally oppress the most powerful group . 
  however in the _ personal _ sense it is still racism and sexism in the sense that it is an _ asshole _ behavior based on race and sex . 
  it would be good to not confuse the two . 
  [ hungary ] ( http://indafoto.hu/tag/parkol%c3%a1si_sz%c3%a9gyenfal ) interesting : they are typically either [ rich mafioso ] ( http://indafoto.hu/chisse/image/19115015-b4e7d749 ) type cars , or beaten up [ working man ] ( http://indafoto.hu/kiss_laszlo/image/18323633-9d33f299 ) type cars . 
  also , the slovak licence plates are just a tax cheating thing , they are not actually driven by slovak people usually . 
  they became equivalent with advertising `` i am an thieving asshole '' so i guess sucks for real slovak people when they sometimes drive here . 
  excuse me ? 
  we are told by the `` independent '' ( i.e. 
  leftie ) hungarian media that orb\u00e1n 's every policy is totally at odds with the eu requirements and sooner or later we 'll get kicked out and then no more lucrative jobs abroad so we should revolt or something . 
  turns out it is not so bad . 
  i lost a debit card on a friday evening when the missus was out of town and had no paper cash on me or at home . 
  however we store coins in a huge box usually turning them in around nov and spending them on xmas gifts . 
  so my saturday grocery shopping was ( this all was in austria ) was dumping a ton of 20 eurocent coins on the unsuspecting cashier , 
  are you comfortable walking around with $ 10k in your pocket after selling a car ? 
  what if you get mugged or lose it ? 
  i would run to my bank the first thing and deposit it . 
  so we had to do all our tax cheating in barter ? 
  boston ? 
  so funny that if all countries would be their ideal greater versions we either needed like 3 earths or have to split up the oceans at least . 
  the idea is to desperately try to look rich . 
  our roma/gypsy minority does the same thing by borrowing names from latin american soap operas , like esmeralda or dominique . 
  on the social media , `` armani mafioso '' is a popular picture macro for them . 
  it should be seen as a sign of being really poor , hence trying to look rich really hard . 
  we wanted a name for our children that works in many languages without translation or changing letters , but not really these ones . 
  of boy names , peter , robert , norbert , and a few similar ones fitted the bill , of girl ones , anna , helga , ilona , judit . 
  we have a daughter , so female names : best : csilla , from csillag , means star and i think it sounds cool . 
  worst : betti , just feels immature , imagine a serious person like a professor introduced as betti kov\u00e1cs for example ... 
  i think a betti is someone who forever stays a 13 year old hello kitty fan . 
  when you are speaking with the sauce on the asparagus . 
  although some may consider that strange . 
  romania gib back beautiful [ clay ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bshj1mc.png ) plox :(, 
  interesting how bikers tend to be right-wing . 
  we have a group called goy riders , largely because for some reason ( banks etc. ), 
  anti-semitism seems to be the most popular part of rightwingitude here . 
  i should add that `` bacon '' means different things in different countries , largely based on what part of the pig it is taken from . 
  and bolognese from a can more popular than traditional foods . 
  really strange . 
  apfelwein is roughly comparable to it except more sugary . 
  food : the most edible thing in britain is beef . 
  this is an important survival skill to know . 
  it is fairly horrible what a random pub can make of a chicken , but if they offer hot steak sandwiches , those will be borderline okay . 
  as for the fish , fish and chip shops are not too bad , but contemplate in advance if you want the whole thing doused in vinegar and if not , say in advance , they do n't ask ... 
  `` congratulations '' for the choice of colors . 
  since when does goose shit green have anything to do with germany ? 
  for britain , if blue , why not the blue hue from the union jack flag ? 
  oliver ... 
  i really hope not because of the cooking show . 
  [ world war towel ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/travel/news-and-advice/holiday-sunbed-wars-germans-claim-brits-are-the-worst-for-towel-hogging-not-them-9659932.html ) lel, 
  in a first-world social welfare country ? 
  unlikely .
