  what exactly keeps a native , white irish teen no matter how poor the parents are to get into e.g. 
  a welding trade school ? 
  redditverse , obviously , not talking about society outside . 
  now i simultaneously respect your honesty and hate your guts :-), 
   simply as a sign of protest against undemocratic circlejerking pricks that is precisely how i am with redpillers on reddit . 
  i actually think they are wrong , they tend to see things far , far darker and harsher than how they actually are and i tend to criticize these ideas on the appropriate subreddits . 
  but looking at what uniform hatred and shunning they get , they get some sympathy for me . 
  they are pretty much not treated like human beings with opinions but more like social lepers who do not get listened to . 
  and i fucking hate the idea of doing this in general , but especially so when this kind of power to turn people into that is given to the social justice lardkin types . 
  they pretty much who deserves it the least . 
  also , your reasons for voting ukip sound quite reasonable . 
  i understand it . 
  i think modern democracies are pretty much broken and useless , so best thing is to consider it entertainment and vote for some funny guy . 
  weirdly , it is often the right-wing who has the best sense of humor . 
  we used to have a very right extremist guy , called csurka , almost nazi , who had nevertheless the best sense of humor and was a highly entertaining fellow . 
  for example some mp asked the agriculture minister why fuck the ministry needed to buy a super expensive piano and then he gave some bullshit about investing into culture and then this csurka guy remarks `` sure but a mouth harp would have sufficed '' . 
  i figure farage is something like that too . 
  hippies ? 
  that 's a decent comment , that was [ my feedback ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3523xe/most_european_countries_experience_an_aging_andor/cr1ah9y ) as well that the housewife stuff is very new and very much a rich country thing because in the past , and in poor countries like here , people can not really afford it . 
  the difference being that while modern feminism tends to talk about empowering careers , while it was not career but work , work , work , toil , toil , toil . 
  everybody , men and women , saw work as a negative , not a positive . 
  well , okay , not everybody , but the non-rich people . 
  to this day , both my wife and me , if we could afford to not work , we would not work . 
  as for jobs , one thing to mention here that women entering the workforce also created jobs , by outsourcing things done formerly at home . 
  for example my mother sewn me a lot of clothes when she was on maternity leave . 
  when she went back to her job naturally we bought the clothes . 
  cleaning maids , take-away food , kindergartens , these jobs were created . 
  which are also filled with women . 
  so actually the end result is that many pink-collar jobs are more of a concentration of the former housewife roles : out of 4 women who formerly did not work , one went to a nursery , one to cook in a cheap cafe , one as a cleaning maid or clothing factory , so essentially ended up doing the same just for customers . 
  so from this angle , the net amount of jobs take by women , the non-pink-collar ones must be seen as much lower . 
  true enough , but i think people take it too literally . 
  when people judge a culture , they do n't mean the whole culture _ just the aspect that is interacting with them _ to put it more clearly , non-criminal roma are entirely invisible , nobody has any idea what they do . 
  it is just some poor people doing typical poor people things i guess . 
  so the judgement is only about the visible part , such a criminals . 
  why would it be bad to be `` racist '' with one culture only ? 
  with many cultures , it is indeed bad and indeed racist , but if just one , it is just an opinion about that culture and not something bad . 
  i think it is time to stop using the word `` racist '' as a discussion stopper . 
  it is used as one . 
  it largely means `` here is this stupid person do n't talk to him '' . 
  so it kinda silences people . 
  i would recommend ... people who have a problem with pretty much every race or ethnicity beyond their own ... only they are stupid racist . 
  people who have a problem with one or two ... listen to them , not silence them with such insulting terms . 
  i think being `` racist '' about with some people and not all only can be simply an opinion about their culture and not necessarily a stupid or bad move . 
  unless you want to argue every culture is equally good . 
  wearing a striped shirt is basically bragging that one is so non-fat that one can afford to look fatter . 
   as in , you were not considered an adult before 21 , for everything not only for voting . 
  sounds like a good idea , although i figure i was not an adult before i finished college and learned what work is . 
  we had working women in eastern europe far earlier than any kind of feminism because we were fucking poor and needed the income . 
  in fact , the very idea of non-working women feels like a rich ass american dream to me . 
  i do n't think e.g. 
  in 1950 most german could afford to not work . 
  i think non working women is a modern luxury , not an old tradition . 
  the feminist stuff about empowering careers sounds like something rich people do . 
  most women like most men work to pay bills and do n't find anything empowering about their job of cooking at ikea or other typical average jobs . 
  in the 1920 's , in the average family , most women were workers in the clothing factory , the textile factory , or the laundry business , or milking cows . 
  i think you are seriously confusing `` average '' and `` rich '' . 
  your point ? 
  it is still just a quote , not an argument . 
  are you really that lazy that you can not come up with one ? 
  ( and it was obviously op 's worst sentence , it is unsportsmanly to snipe on the worst one , a person with any sense of charity would engage the better ones . ), 
  you see , i am starting to see where you are coming from . 
  i have seen this attitude years on shitredditsays : instead of saying what is wrong , just assuming everybody automatically thinks they way they do . 
  it is a clever , subtle manipulation tactic , because it makes people feel insecure . 
  it makes people think `` if others think something is so obviously wrong and i do n't see what , i should better shut up before i get embarrassed . '', 
  so it is a clever silencing tactic . 
  it is the equivalent of instead of trying to argue irl just giving a judgemental glare and hoping people will feel insecure . 
  but after people see through it , it is not working . 
  so very sincerely : fuck you . 
  i would support now buckfost over you , you lost every benefit of doubt i was giving you unearned before . 
  buckfost is at least trying to make an argument . 
  you are just trying to jedi mind trick people into agreeing with your or feeling embarrassed . 
  you are just trying to trick your view into being seen as a default view without arguing for it . 
  it is not . 
  we are not some fucking retarded social justice hambeast subreddit where everybody is shamed and bullied into accepting the latest oppression olympics fad , but / r/europe . 
  here everybody 's view is on equal footing ( except euroskeptics , ha ha ) . 
  and really , you should feel ashamed for trying such a manipulative trickery . 
  this again is just fluff without substance . 
  btw i actually _ debate _ redpillers on / r/purplepilldebate because i think their stuff is often too harsh . 
  but if you think pc liberal feminist progressive whatever stuff is just like _ automatically _ correct without having to argue it and making a proper case , you are full of it . 
  nothing is automatically correct . 
  it is not like lefty stuff is somehow `` default true '' . 
  why do n't you criticize it then ? 
  someone presents a case that is at least a logically consistent sounding hypothesis , and all you do is complain without substance . 
  we are n't overpopulated , africa is . 
  we have enough money to feed people , they do n't . 
  mandatory holes in condoms . 
  yet women worked . 
  it was not called career , it was called work , toil , but worked . 
  we have a 14 month old . 
  the issue is , daycare and suchlike is not something people would use at such age , we will start around 18 months . 
  and i must say the first year was very hard . 
  still my wife gets up 5 times a night , usually sleeping in the child room for this reason . 
  also hating her own new body , so not want sex etc. 
  ( but due to sleeplessness no energy to work out etc. ), 
  so there are all these things that the government can not help with . 
  and you see the issue is largely that we are 35 . 
  at 25 this would be easier to deal with . 
  so i guess what the government needs to do is to figure out how to help , or push , or whatever people to do it earlier . 
  wtf . 
  why do n't just schools cook themselves .
