absolutely agree . 
  it is fundamental to keep all jobs , for men and women , at a high quality of socialization . 
  because either way , both men and women will spend long hours there , and the effect of those hours will be felt on life expectancy and quality of life . 
  early dementia and lower health standards happen often to people who have a low quality of socialization throughout life . 
  wait . 
  wait . 
  all i know is that people usually _ like _ socializing . 
  introverts often not . 
  but what you say here sounds more confident that like that , it sounds like there are scientific studies or textbooks about this being important . 
  can you link to them ? 
  this could be important . 
  if i for example work in a place where people hardly talk to each other , i can objectively like or not like that . 
  but we can demonstrate it is objectively unhealthy ? 
  surprisingly , i can accept a lot of it . 
  father and me were almost begging my mother to get out of the house sometimes and volunteer at a local red cross or something because she 'll go mad within the four walls talking to the tv . 
  but it is very important to get it right . 
  the primary thing is the need for social life . 
  the secondary thing is that jobs are one of the many ways to get it , and even shit jobs can provide it . 
  yet it is crucially important ot realize the shit job is not empowering on its own but only because it offers socialization options . 
  and there are other ways to socialize as well . 
  admittedly we euros tend to suck at socializing . 
  the awesome suburbian social life in desperate housewives series just does n't happen here much . 
  sadly . 
   multiply the social messages throughout his life , and his mind is molded that way . 
  this is purely a hypothesis that minds are so moldable . 
  and it is a loaded , political hypothesis , it was first proposed by left wing guys like marx . 
  that is the problem with social science , they often start with a non-neutral , but politically loaded hypothesis . 
  the opposite hypothesis would be that stuff like testosterone and its prenatal release matter . 
  many such characteristics correlate with digit ratio . 
  in fact if you are a feminist woman , i can predict just from this fact that you have had average than the usual prenatal testosterone and you can test this by measing your digit ratio . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/digit_ratio  do you know many people ready to defy social expectations when they are 5 ? 
  me , not so many . 
  i have not actually seen strong expectations , and many of the ones i saw were unisex . 
  for example a lot , really a lot of kids had pets . 
  that is more on the nurturing side . 
  you just keep repeating an ideological `` gender studies '' thing but do n't expect people to believe it just because they teach it on the university . 
  it is not very well supported by evidence and pretty controversial outside the circles who are not _ already _ having an ideological stance in these things , like being left-wing , egalitarian , emancipatory etc. 
  one more thing i should add . 
  all this feminist view is incredibly elitist . 
  `` work challenges '' and shit like that are for the like to 20 % or however of women who have college degrees , and do stuff like being lawyers . 
  my wife , her mom , and my mom had most of their jobs revolving around cleaning other people 's shit . 
  or things like making fast food . 
  a l\u00e1ngos or any other fried food booth gets like 55c in the summer . 
  shittiest thing ever . 
  the vast majority of non-elite women do basically housewife type work simply outside the home : clean , cook , or at best look after kids in a kindergarten or elementary school . 
  the major issue is that all this feminist stuff is elitist rich women philosophy . 
  try to tell my wife that steaming 500kg meatballs in the ikea kitchen is more empowering than cooking for a family , or to her mom that cleaning the mayors office is more empowering than cleaning at home and they will not be amused . 
  the problem is that it is typically taking something that works well for rich women and pushing it on all women . 
  i have a hunch that often those words were latin , and translated into german first and then from there to hungarian . 
  yes , that was supposed to be a joke . 
  if morphology is linguistic-talk for complicated word endings , declinations , conjugations , then yes . 
  your examples are difficult to learn _ by studying _ . 
  but the point is they are easier to learn by _ picking up _ , by imitation , by osmosis . 
  my point is that you can either study a language the academic way in a language school like berlitz or by `` getting thrown into the deep water '' . 
  and english seems to be suited for the second . 
  so if you do n't want to sit on your ass and memorize things but just pick it up by osmosis , by imitation , it is well suited for it . 
  the do-support is something really trivial if you learn by osmosis . 
  perhaps the first time you asked `` ya wan na drink a coffe ? '', 
  and then you notice people are more likely to say `` d'ya wan na drink a coffe ? '', 
  and then just use it . 
  but compare it with , well , i do n't know any french examples , but look at german . 
  you pick up that kaffee probably means coffee . 
  but is it der , die or das ? 
  you need to look it up in the dictionary . 
  then learn to use the accusativus in such sentences and the accusativus of der is den and einer is einen so it will be einen kaffee trinken and so on , so there is more formal learning needed , less picking up . 
  i am talking from experience , picking up worked for me in english and not working so well for me in german since the 2009 i live in vienna . 
  yeah no , some fuckhead wanted to blow up a market in sweden 5 years ago and they are neutral enough a country . 
  compared to them poland for example was doing far more stuff on the middle east , military wise . 
  or you remember the attacks in spain ? 
  that moment when they realize someone stole the fuse from their bomb because it was made of copper . 
  we do it by planting our head in the sand and inserting our thumb firmly in the ass . 
  yeah maybe i have heard about one of those names . 
  not sure if componist or perfume though . 
  they are not exactly known for treating employees well . 
  limited number of toilet breaks and menstruating women wearing an armband so they can go to the toilet more often . 
  what ? 
  edit : i assume you mean the mirror translations . 
  some examples : bank statement . 
  banki ki | von | at . 
  elevator . 
  to represent a process in a software . 
  interesting old man . 
  alter trottel . 
  thank you uk for tabloid press . 
  the goal would be to not take them at all , not taking them more fairly . 
  if we distribute them more , it will be harder to argue to keep the bums out and let only rich and learned immigrants in . 
  the lack of declinations and conjugations and grammatical gender is imho an objective proof of simplicity at least in syntax . 
  it is pretty much just putting words one after the other . 
  this enables people to just pick up instead of studying . 
  if you do formal study , it is hard , but it is very well suited to just picking up up because you can just use words you heard unaltered , without endings . 
  thank you france for improving our cuisine , inventing things like roux ( habar\u00e1s ) it goes really well with a chicken or rabbit goulash . 
  thank you germany for half our technical or business vocabulary . 
  it would be kind of difficult to express ideas like bank statements if not for mirror translations from german . 
  ah , sorry , i must have misunderstood you . 
  because you talked like `` money i need , i need , i need '' and i think like `` money my family needs , i do n't really need anything '' . 
  i mean i am not even sure i would work at all if not for a family ... 
  this is imho the best solution . 
  i think `` expected '' is not the ideal word for it - my experience is that women want to do the childcare stuff more and are better at it . 
  or else if they do n't then they do n't have kids at all . 
  but those who want kids are like that .
