why not make every language the official language !, 
  here 's a good clue : shitty integration . 
  it 's about the size of beijing , give or take some millions . 
  the closest thing we got to nature is in drenthe , but you know , it 's drenthe !, 
  silly you , that are clouds , not smog . 
  the government wants you to believe it 's smog so they can surpress the fact that we get like one day of sun per year , and that in that day it 's 10 may 1940 all over again . 
  it looks like a big city park !, 
  but they are all going to visit auschwitz , so it does n't count . 
  let 's be honest , most dutch in the states are n't that religious compared to the other americans . 
  i hope . 
  rain . 
  kinda quiet for a nation with one of the highest population densities . 
  brunei will rise !, 
  edit : if they are available . 
  poor charles . 
  he will die at 90 and will never have become king . 
  you are well defended against invasions . 
  kilwa shall rise again !, 
  oh it 's gone . 
  worst enemy : belgium , basically a bunch sepetarists . 
  friendly rival : germany , we are better at football . 
  unsuspecting enemy : finland , fuck you for being better than us . 
  historical enemies : basically everyone . 
  we are just trying to be fucking rich and we get invaded !, 
  the netherlands is part of the eu . 
  thanks for the tip that it 's the french hollande , i might have confused him with the bulgarian hollande !, 
  time to block all of europe ( except you ) from asian trade !, 
  is kilwa still available ? 
  it says ` netherlands ' but it 's luxemburg . 
  the one i that i should have bad was ` the netherlands ' . 
  i have been tricked by our beloved mod / u/jebusgobson . 
  oh no is moderator trick . 
  you have snow ? 
  we do n't have snow . 
  can we have your snow ? 
  step 4 : conquer a part of , or all of england . 
  also , the countryside . 
  it is beautiful !, 
  it is way better than our flat pancake with a town every 5 seconds and cows in between . 
  fourth german empire . 
  you know who liked germans more than the french too ? 
  yes us . 
  we got anschlussed . 
  do n't fall for german tricks !, 
  du give us frankreich and we give du griechenland , seems like a very fair deal . 
  they 'll get an entire state . 
  you did n't do shit for us . 
  canadians liberated us , not americans . 
  you never fought our wars really , we fought your wars . 
  as a dutchie , we had a referendum on a trade deal with ukraine a couple months back . 
  the people who wanted the referendum admitted that they did n't care about ukraine nor the trade deal , they just wanted to send a message to the eu , and probably have n't even researched it beyond that . 
  so unless they manage to properly inform all voters , i would n't support such referendums . 
  `` or else we will send a second , even more strongly worded letter . '', 
  they are currently preparing a strongly worded message to send to turkey . 
  yes , so that we can actually pull our weight on the international stage and work together way better than before . 
  yes , but only in cases of outside invasion and even then i would prefer a non-combat position . 
  no , only in extreme circumstances such as war . 
  the people should have the freedom to choose basic military training if they so choose . 
  yes . 
  no , unless they really need some dank memes in the military . 
  logistics . 
  no , because you get the nhs , infrastructure , defense and countless other things in return . 
  would the snp/scotland support northern ireland seceding from the uk and reuniting with the republic of ireland ? 
  it 's as if just because we consistently have had some of the fastest growth in western europe and happen to be a more attractive place for businesses , does n't invalidate our growth . 
  i 'll have you remember that the netherlands had 3 + % growth before 2008 , and that we are now simply slowly getting back to our old pace right now . 
   and when willem-alexander saw the breadth of his domain , he wept ... for there were no more worlds to conquer ftfy, 
  tbh urk deserved it for existing . 
  someone tell me where north africa , east africa , west africa , east korea , west korea , west sudan and east sudan , west vietnam , east vietnam , north germany and south germany are . 
  damn this is some pure ideology, 
  you are taking a subreddit made to meme about communism in which they take everything to 11 , and say everyone who is socialist/communist believes that . 
  i do n't think 99 % of the people there actually believe that and most people are just there to meme . 
  i can quite see why people are scared , because this is borderline colonisation , your own language getting replaced in `` your '' town after you 've fought for it for so , so long . 
  not comparable to kanker . 
  it 's an : adjective `` kanker lelijk '' verb `` van de trap gekankerd '' noun `` m 'n moeder is gestorven aan kanker '' and probably a lot more kankers i forgot . 
  kanker is usable in any kanker sentence . 
  you can kanker any sentence . 
  including belgium ? 
  america is blessed geographically . 
  it has good river systems , endless resources , is mostly isolated with no major threats on it 's continent . 
  it was impossible for the usa to not become wealthy . 
  there were plenty . 
  mali , benin , songhai and timbuktu to name a few . 
  look at the shape of the country , there is no way they 're not homo . 
  do n't worry , the kurds seem to be doing just fine in syria atm , they 're currently taking raqqah from isis . 
  they 'll be fine unless turkey decides to invade them , and even then they 'll have to wage a guerilla war , in the desert . 
  sounds like fun . 
  sounds like a good place for a new greek city . 
  what about south america then ? 
  i think socialists have a very good idea of how it is , it happened to them in germany , italy , etc. 
  at least 10 terazizeks that is . 
  you mean not trying to bomb terrorists to shit but actually negotiating a peace process which would be way more effective in creating peace ? 
  you mean limiting the freedom of organisation and expression of thousands of people for profit ? 
  a socialist state protecting their own industry from foreign interests ? 
  what a scandal !, 
  they are relatively poorer and as such any increase in gdp will be bigger relative to first . 
  if a country has a gdp of $ 50 billion an extra $ 1 billion will be bigger than if it had $ 100 billion . 
  also a interviewer who could n't shut his mouth for 2 seconds and let corbyn finish his sentences . 
  or just anything not centre . 
  being an sp-supporter on the centrist circlejerk of / r/thenetherlands can be very hard . 
  wanting the eu to change does not equal putin fanboy .
