i hate myself a little for saying this but probably the tories . 
  i live in a very marginal labour/tory seat with non-existant third parties and when faced with the choice , i ca n't bring myself to vote labour . 
  their current leadership contest shows what i 've suspected for years , that their party is an incompetently-run viper 's nest full of self-serving sleazeballs compared to the fairly smooth-running tory party . 
  and if corbyn wins ( as he seems he might ) , his honesty and humility will not make up for his generally terrible policies in my eyes . 
  i honestly do n't know why people would want to leave eurovision . 
  i do n't see any downsides . 
  i 'm assuming that 's because it 's saint paddy 's day , not saint patty 's day . 
  [ here 's a good uk one ] ( http://imgur.com/rzfdnvb ), 
  the problem with the removal of grammar schools was that the upper-classes still received top-tier education but now both the middle and lower classes got crap instead of a mix . 
  all it did was pull the middle-class down instead of pulling the lower-class up . 
  yep , i used to be a big fan of the independent but boy has it gone downhill ... 
  from my brief experiences with milton keynes i 'd say it 's major problem is the depressing lack of soul . 
  in terms of looks it 's ugly , but not the ugliest . 
  [ i thought users of / r/unitedkingdom had decided on luton ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03554/luton-ugly-town_26_3554386b.jpg ), 
  i love charleroi , i fly in and out of its airport almost every year . 
  it 's almost beautiful in its ugliness . 
  dwfwnwtwly jwlly . 
  yep , for a city with almost double the population of manchester , birmingham seems surprisingly absent from public-consciousness . 
  maybe i 'm mistaken but you do n't tend to hear much coming from brum . 
  yep , everyone in england was welsh at one point . 
  you can still notice it in a lot of place names , for example by me there 's a town called wallasey which means ` foreigner island ' since it was where all the natives got forced into when us dirty anglos arrived . 
  how does a welshman find sheep in long grass ? 
  what do you call a sheep tied to a lamppost in cardiff ? 
  a leisure centre . 
  did you hear the price of lamb in wales has just gone up ? 
  it 's now # 4.95 per hour . 
  i asked my welsh mate to count how many girlfriends he 's had but he kept falling asleep . 
  in uk we have the classic ` hand-up , half-run-half-walk ' combo . 
  student 's unions in the uk are * all * fucking terrible . 
  voter turnout for most elections is around 20-25 % which lets fringe idiots like this get into power . 
  i 'm honestly yet to meet someone who actually likes the people running their su , even the people i know from this uni dislike their union and it 's probably the most radical-left in the uk . 
  in the lib dem 's defence , the current leader always opposed a referendum . 
  one of the few good tories . 
  here 's what he had to say about the frontrunners in the recent conservative party leadership election :  during the 2016 conservative party leadership election clarke was interviewed by sky news on 5 july 2016 and made negative comments to sir malcolm rifkind [ 33 ] about the `` fiasco '' ( leadership contest ) and about three of the candidates . 
  in a widely circulated video clip , he referred to theresa may as a `` bloody difficult woman '' , joked that michael gove , who was `` wild '' , would `` go to war with at least three countries at once '' and characterised some of the utterances of andrea leadsom as `` extremely stupid '' . 
  clarke added that gove `` did us all a favour by getting rid of boris . 
  the idea of boris as prime minister is ridiculous . 
  it 's [ the implication ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yuafzoxhpe ) . 
   - we 've got to pop by america , pick up some airports . 
  i want to get a nice one too . 
   - the what ? 
  the airport ? 
  what do we need an airport for ? 
   - what do you mean what do we need an airport for ? 
  why do you think we just spent all that money on a navy ? 
  the whole purpose of buying the navy was to get the countries nicely surrounded so we can take them to a nice comfortable place in the empire and , you know , they ca n't refuse - because of the implication . 
  uh , okay . 
  you had me going there for the first part . 
  the second half kind of threw me . 
   - well , dude , think about it . 
  iceland 's out in the middle of nowhere with some empire she barely knows , she looks around , and what does she see ? 
  nothing but open ocean . 
  `` ah , there 's nowhere for me to run . 
  what am i going to do , say no ? '', 
   - okay . 
  that - - that seems really dark . 
   - no , it 's not dark . 
  you 're misunderstanding me , mate . 
   - i think i am . 
   - yeah , you are . 
  because if iceland said no , then the answer obviously is no . 
  the thing is , she 's not gon na say no . 
  she would never say no , because of the implication . 
   - now , you 've said that word `` implication '' a couple of times . 
  wh-what implication ? 
   - the implication that things might go wrong for her if she refuses to be invaded by me . 
  now , not that things are gon na go wrong for her but she 's thinking that they will . 
   - but it sounds like she does n't want to be invaded by you . 
   - why are n't you understanding this ? 
  she does n't know whether she wants to be invaded by me . 
  that 's not the issue . 
   - are you gon na hurt these countries ? 
   - i 'm not going to hurt these countries . 
  - why would i ever hurt these countries ? 
   - i do n't know . 
   - i feel like you 're not getting this . 
   - i 'm not getting it . 
  admittedly that rate is 1 % , still below the target of 2 % . 
  it all depends on what percentage it stops at . 
  ruth davidson ( leader of the scottish conservatives ) , had a big rant about the stop the war coalition 's hypocrisy and russian ties during last friday 's episode of have i got news for you . 
  it was really quite enlightening , the coalition 's always been fairly prominent and i 'd never suspected something like this . 
  once , i think ? 
  i did n't get any warning about duplicate links when i posted it . 
  as far as i 'm aware they never actually did . 
  random nutters phoning up schools claiming to be the ira was surprisingly common though . 
  i 'm just assuming based on `` we have our sights set on you , and by allah we will kill every single infidel student at this school '' , i guess islamic terrorism would be a more general phrase . 
  terror threats to schools in the uk have always been pretty common . 
  only difference was that when i was young it was people claiming to be the ira now it 's people claiming to be isis . 
  it 's still messed up but it 's par for the course for the last few decades . 
  i meant voted to remain in the eu , not the uk . 
  the majority of people in scotland voted to remain , as did the majority of people in my home area , as did the majority of the people in london and many areas throughout the uk , unfortunately the majority of people voted to leave in more areas throughout the country . 
  you ca n't discount a vote because part of the country does n't like it , otherwise you might as well ignore every vote in history . 
  damn , you 've rumbled me . 
  i 've secretly been cultivating this account with pro-eu posts for years so i could secretly shill for brexit in the comments of one / r/europe post . 
  i 'm a remain supporter resident in scotland but i agree with may here . 
  why should a nation 's individual regions be allowed to veto nationwide referenda ? 
  it 's absurd . 
  can confirm that tesco mobile has it for a large amount of europe . 
  what else do you expect from londoners ? 
  woah , i 'm actually feeling some form of positive emotion towards may .
