  it would give both sides some , but not all of what they wanted, 
  give an example of why the regulations are n't good enough, 
  germany uses the bismarck model whereas the uk uses the ~ ~ bankrupt ~ ~ beveridge model, 
  southern , south eastern , virgin , thameslink , great western and northern are n't . 
  ca n't actually think of a german one, 
  there are lots of different companies involved in the process . 
  contacts have changed hands before, 
  they do n't bribe , the government asks them to bid . 
  they have to stay in the regulations or they get fined , or even lose the contract, 
  thats not how corruption works, 
  they could put all power or at least more into the parliament , atm it ca n't even propose legislation, 
  the uk was never in on the programme , we were n't in the euro zone , we tried to get opt outs for everything ect . 
  it is probably better for everyone we are out . 
  just because we are out does not mean we ca n't have good relations . 
  in fact without us continually throwing a spanner in the works we might have better relations !, 
  we could still make environmental regulations but we would n't have ever to be on the integration programme anymore , which is a massive bonus considering 40 % of eu funding goes on the cap which is a ticking time bomb . 
  most economists agree that the cap is a bad idea . 
  the other other parties and the people would not stand for anything else what corruption ? 
  yes though the uk does n't have to be in the cfp or cap we would not have to obey all eu regulations , because not eu regulations are also eea regulations . 
  we would only need to follow 75 % of what we do now . 
  you mean ... like the german and french healthcare system , which is n't too bad at all, 
   the hse is like the nhs ' slow little brother , with more bureaucracy and worse hours for doctors . 
  we haemorrhage medical grads to the uk and australia . 
  wait ... sounds a lot like the nhs !, 
  if we joined the eea they might not even need a work visa , in fact the situation might be exactly the same as before !, 
  eea was the goal of the ` original ' brexit campaign , before boris got on board and started talking about bendy bananas and god knows what else we would pay slightly less money we would n't have to accept as much legislation ( 75 % of what we have now ) we would be able to make independent trade agreements we would n't have to sign up to the cfp or cap, 
   whats best for the members would be to make their economies stronger . 
  yep https://www.google.com/search?q=bmw+share+price&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab if they know what is good for europe and the uk they will let us in the eea, 
  well the market panic atm , is exactly that a panic we are in exactly the same position in the eu as we were last week . 
  until they invoke article 50 we are in the same position in fact if we join the eea , which the leave side has now suggested , economically speaking we would be in the same position, 
  yes that was the argument of the remain side , we 'd be able to have a voice in policy . 
  however we were also forced to sign up to lots of stuff we did n't want . 
  we were one amongst 28 , that is no bargaining position , then there is the largely toothless european parliament where we had a fair number of seats , but less seats as compared to a proportion of the population than other states . 
  when david cameron did try to renegotiate he got to a hard fought nowhere , i imagine the arugment went something like this `` so david cameron , you want free trade , and free movement but no the integration policies . 
  why do n't you just join the eea instead ? '', 
  yes with the eea we will have to pay the eu fees ( though less than today even with the rebate counted ) and accept a lot of legislation ( though less than we do currently ) , but only legislation relating to the fundamental principles of the eu . 
  those fundamental principles which the older generation voted so strongly for in 1975 and which my generation voted for this year . 
  the leave campaign was hijacked by scaremongerers , telling people we were about to be swamped by a human tide , telling us we 'd be in a superstate with no voice . 
  this was wrong . 
  the remain campaign told us the eu was about globalism about an more open world , that the sky would fall on our heads if we left , that no less an event as ww3 would happen , that vladimir putin , isis , and the devil himself would toast to our leaving . 
  this was also wrong . 
  the fact is no side ( well some leavers did , but they were pushed to the back by the ` characters ' standing on platforms made of bendy bananas and fear ) made the very reasonable argument of just going from the eu , to the eea . 
  the eea basically giving the relationship the uk has always wanted with the eu , a willing agreement between two parties to accept some laws in return for trade , free movement and nothing else . 
  if you have been looking at the stock market recently , it may be wise to pay attention to german car companies , who 's largest export market is britain . 
  the idea that the eu would somehow vote against britain entering the eea is therefore laughable , it would be like shooting themselves in the foot ( ~ ~ or like having a referendum on eu membership , without having already organised transition to the eea ~ ~ ) britain with this vote not including any mention of the eea has damaged its economy , damaged europe 's economy , and damaged the world 's economy . 
  why would the eu be not fond of the uk withdrawing from the project , but leaving its economy in the single market thats like christmas for them , its win win . 
  the dead weight is gone , and they do n't have to suffer the economic impact of it leaving entirely, 
  with the eea we could continue free trade and movement with europe for us average people on the street if we joined the eea there would be very little difference between pre and post-brexit, 
  but we are n't in with the programme , we 'd either be there constantly fighting a losing battle and becoming unpopular in europe . 
  or we 'd be in the eea letting eu do what it wants as far as integration goes and us not been affected by it . 
  ( the legislation we 'd have to adopt would only be related to the fundamentals , free trade , free movement ect . ) . 
  the eea is also much looser , we could leave much more easily , and be better prepared if we did . 
  the case for norway not joining the eu but staying in the eea could also be applied to the uk . 
  the uk was never really ` in ' on the project in the first place so it probably is better idk why we could n't have voted to go to the eea instead though ( like norway ) , i voted remain because leave could only offer empty promises, 
  the bbc did it too , some brexit people are showing it to make them look more popular as well i am not sure the media understand how a plebiscite works , in that all the votes are counted together , its not done in the same way as a regular election where that sort of chart is valid , the [ actual results ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:united_kingdom_eu_referendum_2016_area_results.svg ) are much more nuanced . 
  use the [ wikipedia ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:united_kingdom_eu_referendum_2016_area_results.svg ) map , this one sort of map means nothing as it was a plebiscite , all the votes were counted and pooled together . 
  when we use the accurate map from wiki we see parts of ni voted strongly for brexit , and parts of england voted strong for remain , there were very few areas without an outright majority for any side . 
  you mean [ guernsey ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=ppfv8axsllg ) or [ alderney ] ( https://youtu.be/r07c0hketzk?t=40s ) , [ jer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=949jsh8aw7a ) [ sey ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=jmojudk0fd8 ) is a nice place !, 
  yes , but i think there is more of a choice for businesses trading outside the eu, 
  its happened before many currently in northern ireland on both sides are immune to prosecution despite being terrorists, 
  we 'd get back law making except what is required for free trade, 
  i did n't want to leave in the first place ( well at least not until we were more ready ) , so it works out fine for me !, 
  i think we 'd pay less money to the eu , get back all lawmaking ( except what is required for free trading ) , something about fishing ? 
  idk it would be like whatever deal norway gets, 
  i am pretty shocked too i do n't think we are in the eea at the moment though , for now we are still in the eu . 
  i meant that when it comes to eea there are fees ( though currently lower than what we pay now ) and we have to adopt certain legislation ( i think its about 75 % of what we have now ) . 
  but i bet there are going to be a bunch of spiteful arsewipes out there to give us a crap deal . 
  i am pissed at all the people who did n't turn up to vote , 27.8 % really could have swung it . 
  i am a student and loads of people i know could n't be bothered to vote , fucking idiots . 
  now we 're all going down . 
  it became increasingly clear the uk wanted the eu it joined in 1975 , not what it became before the referendum . 
  we wanted a deal which was only really about free trade , and freedom of movement ( before the entry of the eastern european states ) the other stuff was all pointless . 
  no one wanted an `` ever closer union '' a common currency ( ostensiably controlled by german and french interests ) ect . 
  the leave vote only won by 3.8 % yet we will all be punished by uncertainty . 
  i voted remain , because i expected this attitude . 
  european politicians were being wheeled up and saying tactless things ( many showing a contempt for democracy itself ) , and now all we can expect is childish playground demands from the eu if we want to stay in the eea . 
  i voted remain , but that is sort of bs the option to give people choice should always be open, 
  yeah they do n't even have a single seat in parliament they were n't part of the offical leave campaign either, 
  my guess is the uk will go from eu to just eea , which retains freedom of movement , free trade , and paying money into the eu pot . 
   i ca n't help wonder how quickly the `` honeymoon '' for some brexiteers will end there is no honeymoon , some of the saner brexit campaigners basically said that initially its going to suck . 
  they were of course pushed to the back of the line when it came to giving speeches ect . 
  jeremy corbyn ( labour ) has a lot to answer for , he was noticiably absent from the remain campaign until the last week . 
  his influence could have swung it in our favour , instead many labour supporters also voted exit . 
  i wanted the same but i voted remain , i knew the vote would be close and if we remained it would send out a strong message for reform, 
  you do realise that attitude was part of the reason the leave vote happened ... 
  if we go into the eea ( like norway and eu members are in ) we will still have to accept about 75 % of the legislation relating to trade , but have no voice in it . 
  we will also still have to pay the european union money , although less than we currently pay ( even when we include the rebate ) . 
  yes they constantly put patronising european pro-european politicians in front of the camera , `` its all because of politics , its not really because the people want it '' ect . 
  well that pissed a lot of people off the european union was completely tactless , and now disaster has happened . 
   brexit happened because cameron is a coward . 
  whatever you say about the results , you can not call bowing to the will of the people cowardice . 
  we do not live in a dictatorship . 
  lol some referendum , was there no option to keep nuclear power ? 
  what counts as recyclable , like does food waste which can be composted go into it too ? 
  some of those places look great , straight out of the future !, 
  others look like they are in north korea or the former eastern bloc ... 
  sounds like the sort of thing which gets posted on / r/nottheonion, 
  replace the water with a sea of milk and a lot of angry farmers and you have a real french strike, 
  can we have another round of applause for the people at brussels and their brilliant ideas which definetly are n't pushing people away from the eu ... eu : `` plz britain do n't leave '' uk : `` ok i 'll think about it '' eu : `` oh yeah btw , we 're gon na start censoring hate speech now '' uk : `` by who 's definition of hate speech , the one enshrined under uk law ? 
  i mean you already got rid of our vacuum cleaners , and now i have to wait 10 mins for the light to come on . '',
