  eu : `` you have no power here mwha ha ha , we are using our own definition mw ha ha '' ( i am not even a brexiteer , just getting annoyed by the eu bs , are n't there more important things to deal with right now ... like say that large country on the border which has invaded another soveriegn state ), 
  they should probably tell us how the eu works via an impartial 45 minute bbc documentary then let us decide . 
  i know people who think the european union and council of europe are the same thing . 
  a lot of people probably are n't sure what they are even voting to stay in or leave !, 
  everything i read is either pro or anti eu and the set up of the eu is hideously complicated . 
  really i thought if we left they were going to blow us off the european continental shelf and we 'd float into the mid atlantic ? 
  is n't that what the trident subs are for ? 
  i think the undecideds will go remain just to keep the status quo fact is no one here really understands what europe does , so asking us what we think of it is sort of dumb most of the pro/against arguments are just opinion pieces which have been criticised as inaccurate . 
  two narratives which literally say the opposite but citing the same evidence . 
  we need someone to step in and just explain everything about how the european union works . 
  ` handgun ', 
   anscheinsparagraph omg its one of those compound noun things, 
  yes but i 'd rather be able to get a larger variety of guns with my licence than being able to get some guns sort of easily, 
  i wish the uk was more like germany , they have more sensible laws there, 
  if they give you a non functioning weapon , what is the point of them even giving you a weapon ? 
  my guess is they were looking primarily at ` european ' civilization ( russia developed quite independently until the time of peter the great and istanbul had been taken by the ottomans and were the enemies of europe ) . 
  the capital of the western roman empire moved to mediolanum and then to ravenna as these were more central . 
  the raf also has a massive strategic lift capability , which made me suspicious of the numbers , we have so much stuff we let the french borrow the use of it, 
  yeah the hre was the sick man of europe it had never been the most united group, 
  nato only exists because of what the russians do ... georgia , ukraine ect . 
  when is the last time nato annexed anything ? 
  and the uk does not have any free fall nuclear bombs in its arsenal , they were all replaced when we got polairs subs . 
  the uk is a big enough target already , no need to put nuclear bomber bases on the map too, 
  that only seems to have happened since ukraine . . and our arsenal does n't have any nukes which can be dropped from planes, 
  eu this is exactly the kind of stuff we get pissed off at , plz stahp with the regulation !, 
  something , something , something , founding principles , something , something , free trade, 
  it was a joke , though we would appreciate it if they stopped sending their nuclear capable bombers on sightseeing tours, 
  russia has seemed pretty keen recently, 
  not keen on the royal names , i support monarchy but i do n't really get all the cult of celebrity behind it i 'd rather they 'd given them historic navy names ( ark royal , anson , howe , warspite , indefatigable ect . ), 
  uk possess nuclear weapons and a lot of the stuff also costs a lot more where did you get the fighter figures from ? 
  i think the uk is the largest typhoon operator , and still has a lot of tonkas , 85 % seems a bit too high . 
  yes x100, 
  the flags are actually of the patron saint of each country patron saint of wales is st david , his flag is a yellow cross on a black field this could be accommodated in the existing flag quite easily without any major changes to its style ( i envision the cross of st george with either a yellow cross behind or in front of it ), 
  screw prussia , holy roman empire was where it was at when i look at a history book i almost resent napoleon dismantling it , 1000 years gone . 
  most hong kongers i speak to resent the decision , they wanted independence if anything but the chinese were threatening to use military force ... 
  what we in the uk are amazed about is why argentina cares so much about them , for about 200 years there was hardly a peep out of them , we even sold them military hardware in the 1970 's !, 
  i can do one word : penalties, 
  the eu was fine until they went with the euro , and ramped up the integration process the euro was good in the good times and unworkable in the bad times , it is basically a renamed german mark , and when the greeks really needed to devalue their currency they could n't , this made all their problems much worse 19 very different economies all sharing one currency with one central bank , it was never going to work . 
  19 different governments with 19 different finance ministers , its just mad . 
  pays-bas make sense , there are sometimes reffered to as the low countries in english too, 
  yeah in the full quote it is n't that inflammatory and he lists a long line of european leaders who sought to have items the continent, 
  the parliament is just a sham , its there to rubber stamp things it can not propose legislation who forwarded the motion to restrict the power of vacuum cleaners , which democratically elected offical did that ? 
  the parliament needs streamlining and more power , we do n't need the eu commission the commissioners should sit in the parliament and act as the heads of each country, 
  mep 's can not make bills so the parliament is to all intents and purposes a rubber stamp machine , it 's completely impotent . 
  there needs to be top to bottom reform to make the eu a more democratic institution , but that 'll never happen, 
  we 're screwed either way , if we leave europe our economy gets wrecked and it we stay with it we are increasingly ruled by unelected and overpaid bureaucrats . 
  ( unless the eu is a true democracy i do n't like it ), 
  the russians were successful against the austro-hungarians . 
  their brusilov offensive worked quite well . 
  also to people who have learnt english as a second language , did you find it easier to learn than other languages , and if so why ? 
  at school ( uk ) we learnt french and spanish i gave up spanish before gcse , french was much easier to learn because it was more familiar in a weird way there are lots of shared words and simple words which sound similar . 
  en = in , et = and , ( s ` il vous ) plait = please ect . 
  france basically was the main combatant of ww1 , i am british but even i can admit the france was pulling most of the weight until 1916 in the west anyway , in the east it was russia all by itself basically, 
  same here in uk, 
  was n't that 8th may ? 
   and turned the royal family into decoration . 
  charles ii ruled without parliament for longer than charles i ever did . 
  the catholic james ii being deposed by parlaiment and the dutch in 1689 is what lost the royals much of their power . 
  much of what cromwell did was reversed during the restoration . 
  it 's also the flag of another pan-europran institution , which can cause confusion, 
  no the stars in the flag do n't actually mean anything ... they are just stars, 
  that 's what i thought to , all the uk ever did was complain when everyone else wanted to become one, 
  [ your anglo-saxon is showing again ... ] ( https://v2.paulrobertlloyd.com/_assets/2014/03/british_government_identity.png ) i like the german ones better , they are more colourful ( even if they are all the same 3 colours ), 
  i think we could , britain and france both have nuclear weapons , they guarentee security from places like russia . 
  much of the rest of nato has entered into nuclear weapons sharing agreements , not a stretch to imagine that nato develops a small stock in the event the us leaves . 
  many of europe navy 's also posses the ability to shoot down ballistic missiles , helping to augment the deterent posed by europe 's own nuclear weapons . 
  this will probably be an increasingly popular option . 
  many eastern european states also have conscription , thats a huge amount of manpower just sitting there , not to mention what could be achieved through the use of [ * auxiliary * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auxiliary_units ) type forces . 
  if he does n't like the us having the world 's largest military budget , why is he increasing defence spending ? 
  i think europe could handle any sort of potential threat on the horizon , there are enough nations in nato to support it . 
  maybe if trump wants to go , he should just go . 
  it 's not as if the so called freeloaders have gone to war in iraq or afghanistan to help the us or anything ... the only time the founding defence principal has been invoked was by the usa !, 
  they should say yes to referendum , but maybe for 10 years from now . 
  then again 10 years of campaigning does n't create a healthy atmosphere, 
  seems a bit stupid , there was a referendum in 2014 , you ca n't just keep holding continuous referendums until the `` desired result '' is achieved , it undermines the referendum result . 
  and is a massive distraction from internal problems , which are not as according to popular belief solely caused by the union . 
  they should probably wait until brexit is sorted out too . 
  a snap referendum could leave scotland out of the uk and out of the eu also with population divided 4 ways between outer outs , inner outs , outer ins and inner ins . 
  it would make more sense to wait and see what happens . 
  and with no sort of diplomatic service . 
  when it comes to negotiating trade deals the uk will struggle , the eu has done a lot of it for them since the entry into the common market , scotland has had the uk do it for them since 1707 !, 
  rome was n't built in a day . 
  not to mention about 40 % of scots voted for brexit anyway . 
  so arguing england took scotland out is n't strictly true . . because without 40 % of scots the uk would n't be having brexit . 
  ( and the fact wales was heavily for out , along with parts for northern ireland ), 
  what is that building on it ? 
  that 's amazing, 
  a very long time the us for the forseable future coudl match and exceed any chinese developments . 
   would you really consider the us land-based ? 
  sure , certainly more than britain . 
  but the us navy was still very large and important if i remember correctly . 
  the us did n't have to rely on overseas possesions in order to accumulate enough wealth and resources to create such a large navy . 
  this is what allowed continental empires to overtake their seaborne counterparts in the 19th century , before the sea was the fastest form of travel and communication yet by the 19th century there were trains and telegraphs . 
  this meant that land otherwise in the middle of nowhere could be exploited , and the us had a lot of land with lots of natural resources in it . 
  in short continental empires , thanks to modern technologies became more efficient than seaborne ones , as such it was an inevitability that the us would over take britain . 
  in the 19th century a strategist basically said the same , however i can not remember his name , i hope someone does . 
  the us is n't exceptional really , its following the same rule . 
  without its vast natural resources it would n't have been able to build such a large fleet . 
  britain ( and portugal , netherlands , ect . 
  all at varying times ) is different , its navy was funded on international trade , and in turn a greater naval presence created a more stable environment for trade .
