meh , real control in the us comes from congress . 
  just look what happened to obama he could barely do anything and was blocked at every turn . 
  yes congress is dominant republican , but that does n't mean they 're going to support trump all the time , or even necessarily most of the time . 
  trump is an odd one , he did at one time back the clintons which is something to bare in mind . 
  most of his campaign trail has been crazy rhetoric and half baked ideas , he has no plans apart from building a wall and making mexico pay for it ( yeah thats not going to happen btw ) thats not even going into detail on the supreme court , almost every other statement which came out of trump was unconstitutional, 
  expensive ... and potentially explosive electric is probably still the best way to go but the problem with batteries in cars is that they take a long time to charge , and do n't last that long . 
  i wonder why they do n't just remove the battery at a petrol station and stick a nice new fully charged one in your car and put your old one on charge , to be used by the next person . 
  5 minutes sitting on an automated forklift battery remover/putter backer ( we have car washes , its not too much of a stretch in imagination ) seems much more sensible than 24hrs in a garage . 
  batteries would have to be standardized , and you could pay a fee for use of the service ( the same as any other utility bill ) . 
  batteries do n't last forever but you could then discard near end of life batteries as part of the scheme , remember you would pay a monthly subscription , so the costs would be covered across all the users . 
  they do n't even need to remove the ability to charge at home or at charging stations , just add the extra ability to fully drain the car , go to a garage and have a fully charged battery pack swaped in , then you drive off happy without having to worry about getting stranded somewhere . 
  roll that out across europe and you could have everything on electric , even things like hgv 's better battery and motor technology is on the horizon , but i am not sure how far away it is , or how much better it would be . 
  i think my idea would be an alright interim solution . 
  slow internet is worse than no internet because it gives you hope, 
  the commission proposes all the legislation , when really the parliament should . 
  or not have a parliament at all and conduct the whole thing though meetings between heads of state ( that is sort of similar to the commission ) the parliament just seems stuck in some awkward position as middleman . 
  its the scots decision whether they leave or not but at the moment they get a lot of representation in comparison to their size , this is unlike in the european parliament where the number of representatives per ' 000 of population is very low . 
  i do n't see large continental states as something to aspire to , i see them as a situation to fear in which the average persons voice is totally irrelevant, 
  whichever way you look at it the more power that goes to brussels the less represantative the government is , unless the european commission is abolished and the parliament gets hundreds more seats, 
  he was a secret remainer and his plan blew up in his face, 
  the way i see it the closer you bring european states together the further apart they will become . 
  big states have and always will have big problems , disenfranchisment been the biggest problem in places like the usa today a federal europe would be a disaster , everyone would end up hating each other and smaller countries would cease to exist entirely and their cultures wiped out . 
  europe will become less democratic and a bit boring . 
  the integration policies of the eu are for the benefit of the few at the expense of the many and are a real threat to democracy and freedoms europeans enjoy today . 
  i think the only thing most leavers care about is the end of freedom of movement which makes sense when you look at who voted leave the strongest, 
  a stopped clock tells the right time twice a day if you throw enough sh * t at a wall some of it will stick the crazy guy at the back of the pub is sometimes right about some things ect . 
  ect . 
  the silk road has existed for thousands of years , this is hardly new research, 
   roman coins have been found as far as japan . 
  i think these were believed to have arrived via dutch merchants however, 
  its no stranger than boudin noir with onions, 
  surely the main point should be everyone gets a bad deal , as opposed to who gets the worst deal . 
  brexit is n't good for anyones economy, 
  yes , most missiles will be distracted by the ships countermeasures . 
  that is exactly what happened in the falklands and countermeasures have gone leaps and bounds since then . 
  first you have to find the ship , the t45 is designed with stealth features which will make it harder to acquire and keep track of . 
  but it is not invisible . 
  then when missiles are launched the ship will begin launching missiles to shoot down the missiles , these will have quite a high probability of a hit considering after the falklands war the rn completely re-evaluated their missile and air defence systems ( i think even a sea cat managed to down/damage an exocet , but not 100 % sure , and that was manually guided ) . 
  the missiles would also have to contend with the ships countermeasures ( launched from ship , and also by ships helicopter ) , in the falklands war countermeasures against the exocet did work ( atlantic conveyer was hit by an exocet which had lost its original target owing to countermeasures , since then they stick ciws on everything to stop that happening ) and the % that survive and are still heading to the target will have to contend with yet more countermeasures and ciws . 
  however with ciws the ship may still take damage , although the missile will stop debris/burning fuel does n't go by the same rules the fact is the t45 was specifically designed to be able to counter russian missile systems like the p-700, 
  watch this , it is almost exactly what you said !, 
  muh free trade lol, 
  boris supported brexit because it would let him be pm . 
  the only problem is that he won brexit which he did n't want to happen because now people are looking at him for difficult answers . 
  basically boris ' scheme failed and now he has been made foreign secretary where if he screws up his political carreer is over . 
  uk politics is sort of weird at the moment , it seems people who campaigned for remain like theresa may and jeremy corbyn were actually secret leavers , but leavers like bojo were actually secret remainers . 
  have you been watching yes minister ? 
  ( not my mother tounge , but i wish it was ), 
  i wonder if this is limited to christians or is across all abrahmic faiths, 
  superstate or small country , you ca n't pick both . 
  it 's a case of independence or dependence . 
  the eu if it continues with current policies will at some point in the future be one big state . 
  but i do n't think they will because big states and empires are a thing of the past or on the way out . 
  unless everything suddenly becomes very dictatorial anyway . 
  by uniting you destroy everything you wished to protect in the first place . 
  europe is strong as it is , in fact the greater the difference between states the more interesting they are , and the less likely it is that culture will die . 
  one cultural european behemouth will just end up with the culture of one ( or just a few ) state ( s ) pushing at all others , it 'll just end up bland , uninteresting and dull . 
  the answer to the did the nations which formed the uk lose their culture is yes , they did very much so . 
  i do n't understand why anyone would want to live in a superstate . 
  it 'll all end in tears , it always does, 
  because think of all the social problems these large states have . 
  just look at how disconected the average voter in the us is from the democratic process . 
  in order to be president of the us you need shed loads of money , millions upon millions of dollars , corporate sponsors ect . 
  ect . 
  the eu will end up the same if it goes for total unification . 
  small states will especially lose out and their voice will just get drowned out by everyone else . 
  smaller states are happier and freer states . 
  it is no problem for us but it will be a shame to see europe destroy itself and harm its people in a knob waving contest with russia and the us . 
  so you 'd sacrifice european ideals in order to become a world power . 
  that is counter-intuative , in trying to save european ideals and values you will destroy them, 
  yep you 'd need a unified intelligence services too , so you 'd need unified funding as well . 
  so to fund that you 'd need a unified economic policy , so you 'd need a unified political system . 
  so it all ends in a giant superstate like the us , russia or china ... 
  i do n't really understand why people want this , how bland variety is the spice of life, 
  shoot you 'd so face spite yourself foot the in to your re-arrange the words to make a simple sentence !, 
  tbh an anglo dutch alliance would be cool , we share the days of the week . . and the weather !, 
  uk can into nordic ? 
  technically the sun still does n't set because of the pitcairn islands, 
  it depends on job description , for someone driving around all day diesel would be the best choice , and probably the greenest . 
  the filter on diesel cars works best at a specific temperature , if you are say a taxi driver your diesel wo n't be as bad as someone who just went to the shops, 
  it 's the shift away from ` core ' subjects to ones of questionable academic value and then there are also all the crap unis which have sprung up if you do a degree and ca n't think about how the skills you learn from it can aid you in the job market it 's pointless, 
  the world has gone insane ... 
  the march of modernity is slowly creeping northwards , from the cities outwards, 
  the population is n't really high enough for it to work , it 's not a simple case of building a railway and they will come . 
  almost all , if not all uk rails are between established population centres the highlands are also quite hilly which is bad for trains , it would be cheaper to improve the road network instead , then again do you want the highlands to become like the rest of britain where there are roads and urban sprawl everywhere ? 
  a lot of goods were usually not through direct trade , a merchant from say greece might go as far as southern france , where another merchant would buy them off him , where he might go to another merchant and so on until it reached britain or somewhere more remote . 
  it 's like with the silk road , no merchant would go all the way from china to the mediterranean and back , there was a chain of middlemen, 
  for england ( other parts of the uk differ ) you can look on the websites of exam boards for past papers the major exam boards are ocr , aqa and edexcel i ca n't really remeber primary school exams all that much and i was n't quite in the uk so we were slightly different when it came to things like sats and the 11 plus . 
  for secondary it 's gcse at aged 16 , and a level at 18 gcse ( general certificate of secondary education ) ( age 16 , year 11 ) there are two possible exams you can do , one has a maximum achievable grade as c ( the accepted pass mark ) , this is known as foundation tier . 
  the other is higher tier , this has a max mark of a * . 
  less able students are encouraged to take foundation tier . 
  at my school we had to do 11 gcse , however some schools do less , gcse in core subjects are compulsory across the board ( english language , maths ect . ), 
  students can choose to leave after year 11 , or can stay on in education to do a levels . 
  there are also a number of other educational options available , such as apprenticeships , btec ect . 
  but the typical ` academic ' path is a levels . 
  a levels is where it gets weird , an a level is formed of two parts , an as level and the a level itself . 
  the a level takes 2 years of study , however most people drop at least one subject after the first year so it was decided to create an as level so the first year was n't a waste of time . 
  students typically begin studying 4 a levels then drop one , so they leave school with 3 a level and 1 as level . 
  there are no compulsory subjects like in gcse . 
  so the first year of the a level is doing the as level exam ( age 17 , the lower sixth , that 's year 12 ) then after that if you choose to continue that subject you do the a level ( age 18 , upper sixth , and that 's year 13 ) the maximum achievable grade in a levels is a * , as far as i remeber there is no upper or lower tier like in gcse so for secondary you have gcse ( higher or foundation tier , depending on ability ) , followed by ( as and ) a levels at university i studied history ba hons , it was mostly coursework based and the exams were a bit of a joke ( officially the weighting per module was 60 % exam 40 % cw , cw was typically 2x 2500 word essays and a 15 minute presentation , compared to the cw the exam was the easy part as such they were a but of a joke ) .
