  the staff sort of regarded exams as a necessary evil and often set quite easy questions or gave away ` hints ' in revision sessions . 
  unfortunately i ca n't remember much about these exams apart from , there was a primary source based essay then just an essay answering a historical problem ( as i said it was mostly coursework based and staff showed contempt for exams , as that is n't writing history ) in history we had 120 credits a year which equates to 4x 30 credits modules , except in the first and third years . 
  in the third ( and penultimate year of the degree ) we also had to study a special subject and write a dissertation . 
  so in third year we studied one module ( 30 credits ) , then a year long special subject ( 60 credits ) and the dissertation ( 30 credits ) , still 120 credits but a much more daunting 120 credits !, 
  in my first year i was doing joint honours , so i am not 100 % sure what history people did . 
  after my first year i dropped politics to study just history ( because the politics was a bit dull ) . 
  the first year did not count towards the final degree result , instead it was pass or fail , if you passed you could move on to the 2nd year of the degree . 
  uni work and the degree itself was graded as first ( 72 or above ) , upper second ( 62 or above ) , lower second ( 52 or above ) , pass ( 42 ?? 
  i think ) , fail . 
  these grades are supposedly % , however they basically take the place of the a * , a , b , c system , for example we could only be awarded things ending in 2 , 5 or 8 ( 62 , 65 , 68 , ect . ) . 
  when it came to totting up the total marks for a module with the good ` ole weighted average between exams and cw , you could end up with a 60 , or a 66 or something . 
  uni past papers are difficult to find , you have to be a student at the institution and are highly subject specific . 
  for coursework we got to choose our own questions or pick from a list of questions provided by the conveynor . 
   what happened with the islam which were practiced in spain in the 8th-11th c. ? 
  that 's exactly what i think !, 
  well the reformation was n't the quite like that , a lot of it was removing hocus pocus elements and in britain at least the church which emerged was much more liberal than what existed before . 
  wahabism is like ultra-conservatism , the reformation in many instances was sort of the opposite . 
  by many accounts before wahabism took off islam was pretty liberal , i doubt it was that much different to being a christian . 
   the goal is to revert islam back to a pure form sounds like the puritans in 17th century england ... 
  ah same year as curragh, 
  i never said the uk government were benevolent , the army was pro-uvf many people in the government were too ( the curragh affair drew the lines there , liberal were pro-independence and army in ireland threatened a mutiny in all but name in the prospect of having to fight uvf ) we are talking about during the civil war ? 
  the problems in ireland are only in northern ireland where there are people willing to kill to either stay in or leave the uk, 
  so what you are saying is that everyone on their election forms would write 1 . 
  labour/conservative , then they would have to think for a bit and put 2 . 
  lib dem and then the country would have a lib dem government based on second choices . 
  no one wants to leave half the ballot blank , it means they have less power then their fellow citizens who fill it all in, 
  ni is a bit of a mess , there was no way ulster would joining ireland without bloodshed . 
  there had to be some sort of partition the only question at the time was how much bloodshed , the situation got out of hand by radicals on both sides, 
  it does n't really seem to be in anyone 's strategic interest at all , turkey was a secure country against isis in syria , now turkey is in chaos this could be bad for everyone, 
  that was only because of the ira , and the irish army helped, 
  well i doubt there would be , but qualified people from the commonwealth would no longer be discriminated against, 
  its weird the english word does n't come from the portuguese one , since it was the portuguese who brought tea to britain and ireland !, 
  i really wanted france to win :(, 
  the eu not really allowing any restrictions on eu immigrants means that restrictions on non-eu will never be loosened , that is my point no party has the political power to stand on an increasing immigration platform . 
  if eu immigrants were not given preferential treatment there would be more commonwealth immigrants . 
   germany , with proportional representation , is obviously far more democratic . 
  not necessarily , with proportional you have multiple choices , what if only one party represents my views ? 
  surely i would be forced to only have 1 choice ( meaning i have less votes than people who put 2nd and 3rd choices ) , idk was n't old enough to vote in the av referendum . 
  the whole thing seems pretty complicated compared to most votes win in the uk we sort of need safe seats too as we do n't elect the pm we elect the party , if the pm does n't get his seat he ca n't be pm . 
  i would n't say the uk was too far on the undemocratic side , i 'd say it was pretty good . 
  there are lots of obstacles to achieving absolute power within the system . 
   controls were introduced but before we joined the eu . 
  they got worse after we joined , i know a few commonwealth people who have studied here but can not stay , but any eu person can stay here as long as they like . 
  its a stupid system, 
  he probably goes down to his local curry house and bitches about immigration ( yes people actually do that ), 
  i think he is a bit of a moron, 
  after ww2 france was on the up and up again , like britain in the late 1940 's the real thing was decolonialisation , suez was a real watershed moment, 
  i think he meant eu immigrants to the uk , it has caused a mass change in demographics the uk changed dramatically when it entered the eu , all the commonwealth immigrants had the door slammed in their face and were replaced my millions ( 3 million today ) eu nationals . 
  suez sort of ended that dream , the french too, 
  actually people like mugabe have got away for it for decades . 
  neither gaddafi , saddam ect . 
  were black, 
  you basically just described every democratic state in the world today, 
  yes there was a huge gulf between the evidence presented and the actual situation . 
  i think lots of people who supported the war originally probably regret it now, 
  yes in a way it was , idk what all that weapons of terror bull crap was about though . 
  i ca n't believe they put the uk into iraq hen here was no real post-invasion plan . 
  absolutely retarded . 
  then they put us into afghanistan too , our forces didnt have enough equipment for one war , let alone two !, 
  they should probably hurry up and start the process or call the whole thing off the longer we wait the worse it gets , there is no point sitting here worrying what might happen , we know it 's going to be a bit shit, 
  the problem is wages have to be set at a level where they do not adversely affect business but also allow people to live . 
  but this would only lead to increased prices for consumer goods so you are back to square one , unless you also control all prices and wages . 
  by that point the government , is basically controlling everything and in many ways putting people in little boxes and reducing mobility . 
  it 's a stance the far right have adopted because everyone else has left it fall by the wayside . 
  just look at scotland for example , they have their own parliament a strong regional identity yet are very left wing . 
  in order to combat the far right english culture must be celebrated , before they totally rewrite it, 
  well yes , there will always be racist arseholes stuff like the daily mail does n't help , they 'll always report when an immigrant does a crime , but hardly ever when a national does . 
  it might be because english culture is n't that strong which makes people insecure about immigration , in many other parts of europe there is an incredibly strong regional culture , in england there is hardly any . 
  like in france every region is distinct and very different , in fact in many ways these differences are actually promoted . 
  in france the differences between regions are cultural , rather then political which keeps the country together . 
  the culture is so strong in many areas people are not too concerned about the possible results of mass immigration . 
  in england however many places are a bit bland , like what is the difference in culture between kent and sussex ? 
  perhaps 50 years ago there was a discernable difference , but now , not so much . 
  no where near the same as france . 
  a good indicator is differences in cuisine in france regional cuisine is everywhere , in england it is almost non-existent . 
   that red cross on a white background , has officially become the new swastika it really has n't though ... there are always thugs waving national flag . 
  it 's in every country . 
  just because they use it does n't mean we should let them own it, 
  the drives wages down argument is that because immigrants from poorer countries are willing to work for less ( because compared to their wages at home they are better off ) , companies can pay less and still get the workforce . 
  the same could be said for other issues as well though , like you could say the government topping up people 's wages with benefits is allowing companies to get away with underpaying their workforce, 
  it might be a self fulfilling prophecy , like say a newspaper reports one crime , that would inspire other people to emulate it . 
  if they did n't give the crime that much attention it might just be forgotten . 
  it 's like with mass shootings in the us , they usually come in bursts . 
  some have said that the media devoting attention to the story inspires other people to emulate the crime . 
  you ca n't mill electricity, 
  `` god created the world , but the dutch created holland . '', 
  that 's more of an american thing , in the uk a mill has to mill something, 
  yeah but he would be a bad person to have around in renegotiation , he has already managed to insult everyone at least 3 times, 
  there was quite a lot of public pressure for a vote . 
  describing it as a westminster thing is far too simplistic . 
  ukip was something like the 5th largest party at the last election , the tories are the largest and they have many euro-sceptic mp 's . 
  this has been an issue going on since we joined the eu and now it 's finally been put to bed . 
  he only ever had power through europe . 
  ukip does n't have many mp 's i think there might be one , or two and both are defectors from other parties . 
  in fact they might have no mp 's since the last election i will have to check . 
  they ca n't really do any article 50 stuff . 
  the only power they have is through the media, 
  great western is first ? 
  oh yeah northern is , changed hands recently, 
  it would make more sense to just join the eea because the vote to leave was quite close anyway .
