  that 's hypocrisy . 
  it 's like teling a 12 year old how politics work . 
  everything is for pr . 
  world is harsh . 
  your comment is emotional . 
  what they call wage gap is a myth . 
  3 billion has n't been delivered yet , the deal will be decided today . 
  do n't know why would anyone want a career if you can be at home and focus on your hobbies while taking care of the house with the money your so earns . 
  uhm ... 
  i mean ... go women !, 
  are you sure you just hate red pillers or ca n't stand men having equal rights ? 
  yeah sweden looked so blindly feminised . 
  i hope this goes through . 
  fair points . 
  this is an open debate . 
  muslims and jews are currently following schulze 's study which has caused a lot of disputes later on . 
  the latest research is done by craig johnson , saying that the religious way causes pain . 
  schulze said on his research that `` stunning technique may not have functioned properly '' , causing misinformation on his research . 
  but nobody denied schulze 's research on the religious method . 
  no counter arguments . 
  still , that does n't make johnson 's research invalid . 
   massood khawaja , president of the halal food authority , insisted that its animals were stunned . 
  `` the koran says use your brain , ponder about things and that 's what we are doing , '' he said . 
  `` it 's a question of animal welfare . '', 
   johnson praised muslim dhabiha practitioners in new zealand and elsewhere who have already adopted stunning prior to slaughter . 
  they use a form of electrical stunning which animals quickly recover from if not slaughtered , proving that the stunned animal is `` healthy '' , thereby qualifying as halal . 
  i 'm not a scholar and islam values science . 
  there are less painful and more healthy ways ? 
  sure , then muslims should follow that . 
  what quran tells is that we should kill animals while minimizing the suffering , we should drain most of the blood and we should n't ruin the meat , and that is the important message . 
  but calling religious methods `` savage '' and claiming that jews and muslims make animals suffer for hours are emotional exaggerations and they add no value to the discussion . 
  the difference between western and religious methods are minimal and everyone is trying to find the best way . 
  if a person with no access to technology needs to slaughter an animal for food , then the religious method would be humane enough to be valid . 
  the animal is supposed to be slain with a very sharp knife on its jugular vein . 
  animal loses conciousness immediately due to sudden drop of blood pressure in the head and completely dies very shortly after that . 
  seems pretty painless to me . 
  any other way , and the animal wo n't lose its conciousness this effective . 
  we do this every year with good butchers , people even try not to scare the animals by not showing the knife before and also butchers do it from behind with other people facing animal 's head away so it can be easier and the animal can die in a calm state . 
  edit : word, 
  i love how isolated redditors teach me my own religion . 
   they slit the cow 's throat and watch it bleed to death for 15 minutes , while writhing in horrible pain the entire time . 
  i do n't care about what they do , i am telling you what halal way of killing is . 
  what they do does n't change what halal is , should be pretty easy to understand . 
  it is even forbidden to eat an animal that has suffered or died in its own blood . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dhabihah can you do some research before spreading bullshit ? 
  and all those upvoters ... 
  this sub is turning more into / r/worldnews each day . 
  clueless people pretending they know shit . 
   killing cows slowly , rather than as quickly as possible but halal method is killing them as quickly as possible , without suffering . 
  that video looks like one of those over-exaggarated vegan brainwash to stop people from eating meat . 
  i mean , if people are doing it wrong , that does n't change what is halal and what is n't . 
  but that would n't be circlejerking . 
  savage . 
  edit : wait , for real ? 
  forgot / s there buddy . 
  article does n't mention iraqi kurdistan in first paragraphs though . 
  it labels turkish kurds in iraq as iraqi kurds . 
  there are strategical pkk bases in iraq but turkey and iraqi kurdistan are strong allies . 
  no shit . 
  tldr : today 's `` sharia '' has so much cultural influence so it should not be applied . 
  it is actually like any other traditional society . 
  your examples are extreme and actually not allowed . 
  women can talk shit , you ca n't beat someone to death , etc. 
  many believe that beating in family is allowed ( after series long term actions that are warnings ) but the word that states this also means `` to divorce '' , so yeah figure that out . 
  `` sharia '' that people speak of is an abominal mix of culture and religion , a fuck up . 
  the real sharia , that has n't been properly applied since the golden ages of islam , is very just regarding economics , politics and society . 
  it even includes non-muslim rights . 
  but it is like how communism has been , you need a very selfless leader to make it work and it looks utopic . 
  thing is , today , every muslim should forget about sharia because there is no such honest , selfless leader to make it work and removing cultural influences from it is hard work and will cause many disputes . 
  women look brainwashed only from a western perspective . 
  maybe they do silence and oppress women in some arab socities but most women act this way willingly in asia and middle east . 
  in a feminist society , some of men 's responsibilities would be shared with women and women would have the same rights as men . 
  so in theory a feminist society favors men too because men do n't lose rights when women get them . 
  but in practice , this causes awkward social interactions and requires one of the genders to ignore the feminist society 's unspoken rules . 
  there is much to say but this is a whole another issue . 
  trump 's wet dream . 
  bottles ? 
  that 's cute . 
  i 've lived in 7 cities and lived in \u0130zmir for a year , i was so excited hoped that it would be a great experience but it just seemed like an ordinary city and i actually did n't like the people either . 
  maybe my expectations were too high . 
  only thing that i 've found amazing was the city plan itself . 
  it had a tidy look . 
  edit : even `` boyoz '' , that was hyped up a lot , seemed just ordinary . 
  girls were okay . 
  everything about \u0130zmir is overrated . 
  people are more like `` fuck this , i 'm done '' since eu is just teasing it . 
  i 'm the guy that you just replied , same person . 
  do n't worry , / r/turkey is pretty active . 
  there are many turkish redditors in / r/europe , not sure why but you seem butthurt . 
  the title is misleading . 
  this is huge news because who turkey is going for now is ypg , that once got the support of us but is supporting pkk . 
  but title makes it seem like it 's related to sa and it 's an attack against kurds and christians , implying turks are acting islamic while in truth they are being nationalistic . 
  i 'd rather see discussions on another thread that does n't yell propaganda . 
  can you link me the said articles written by turkish ? 
  wow , man , what a title !, 
  because they were n't anti-isil attacks ? 
  savage . 
  burqas are pretty dumb and unnecessary . 
  why would n't people just wear hijabs ? 
  you ca n't pray without hijab ... you still need to be covered to pray , goes for both men and women .
