  `` turkish '' is not about ethnicity . 
  most `` turks '' in anatolia are n't that turkic . 
  we have more byzantine blood , which was already diverse , than turkish blood . 
  think of it like an america in middle east . 
  noone looks like each other . 
  so much diversity . 
  it 's absurd to claim any ethnicity . 
  never miss the gains . 
  of course , everyone acknowledges that it was a war of independence for them . 
  that is the reason why nationalism ruined empires . 
  they had no significant support , they resisted , the empire did n't want to lose land , caused many casualties , empire was already weakened due to other `` independence wars '' and could n't stop them , ww1 ended and they earned their country . 
  i 've just told things from the empire 's perspective . 
  lmao what a weak argument . 
  then turks should claim land on mongolia and china . 
  everyone should claim land on mesopotamia . 
  america should just abandon the lands to natives . 
  do you seriously think this is a legit argument or just answering for the sake of it ? 
  that 's not how the world works , do n't be naive . 
  i ca n't believe i wasted my time on you . 
  same can be said for many other ethnicities . 
  if they want to classify as kurdish , they can go to iraqi kurdistan or something . 
  that 's not how turkey works . 
  everyone who is a citizen of turkey is turkish . 
  turkey 's offical language is turkish . 
  turkish must be taught at schools as main language , not something else . 
  i 'm not a hypocrite when it comes to bulgaria . 
  yes , they should be bulgarians . 
  they have rights on their language , religion and culture but they ca n't claim land just because they are ethnically turks . 
  they ca n't ask bulgaria for special treatment . 
  lmao . 
  sponsored by kfc . 
  it 's complicated . 
  some eastern kurds have sympathy , some support , some get threathened by pkk to support and some vote for akp . 
  i 'd say most western kurds support akp and most eastern ones get threathened . 
  pkk harms the local kurds most . 
  many pkk members that surrender claim they were threathened , also urban warfare is going on to clear pkk right now and local kurds started helping the military by reporting pkk locations as pkk got weaker . 
  this shows that threatening for support plays a huge role . 
  there is no peaceful alternative that i know of for a secessionist cause . 
  well , is there any alternative to anything under this government ? 
  there is a party called hdp , but they have ties with pkk so their cause is n't genuine . 
  they `` seem '' peaceful , they are not secessionists . 
  they want minority rights for kurds . 
  my opinion is that , being turkish is not about ethnicity . 
  most turks and by most i mean almost all of them , are not ethnically turk . 
  there are caucasians , arabs , many other ethnic groups . 
  kurds thinking that they 're special is hilarious . 
  why ca n't they be like other ethnic groups ? 
  noone is 100 % turk . 
  turks in anatolia are mostly byzantine 's legacy . 
  my father side has uyghur roots , my mother side has caucasian and egyptian roots . 
  my skin color is as white as a nords ' but i have dark hair . 
  i 'm not 100 % a turk , but i 'm turkish . 
  kurds had part as much as turks , arabs or any other ethnicity . 
  it was a rebellion , of course people will try to profit . 
  in fact kurds were also deported before armenians . 
  they were seen as a potential threat since nationalism was a huge reason for rebellions back then . 
  most stayed loyal , so there was n't a significant event ( well , until ataturk which you could tell was racist imo ) . 
  ethnic groups that pose potential threat were getting deported because it is easier to handle a rebellion if it comes from one side . 
  fall of the empire , like any other empire , was inevitable with the rise of ethnic nationality . 
  i 'm not denying that armenians got killed . 
  i 'm not familar with german politics , makes sense . 
  imo europe is too left and even though there are racists , people are too quick to label people as racists just based on use of words . 
  people are too afraid to offend anyone . 
  this is leftist extremism , not any better than far right . 
  there 's no need to ban circumcision . 
  i had mine when i was 9 , i knew what it was for , i knew what was gon na happen , my family started telling me the details when i was 5 , i was okay with it and one day i accepted it . 
  just set an age for it to be allowed , educate the kids about it at school if you really care about boys . 
  male circumcision is n't some brutal shit and it has its pros and cons . 
  typical far-right brute forcing on the subject . 
  but when it comes to minarets , that makes afd 's intentions pretty clear . 
  is ... is he humping the pipe ? 
  turkey out of naruto, 
  total wage gap exists , it will always exist , it 's natural but when people bring up wage up , they bring up gender inequality on same career and position . 
  same thing , why would turkey benefit from a fucked up greece ? 
  turkey does n't benefit at all , in fact having another country on your border with bad economy will hurt the country . 
  the guy takes it `` personal '' , turkey just does n't want to deal with refugees if turkey gets no help . 
   they are liars , blackmailers and they are worse than putin or kim jong un , because they pretend to be our `` good '' allies . 
   mrs. merkel was however stupid and naive enough to trust them . 
   if you do not learn from the history ...  this is a great and fun opportunity . 
  seriously ? 
  nothing turkey fancies more than watching greece suffer . 
  yeah right . 
  because refugees in turkey totally do n't harm turkey at all . 
  i was n't talking about the disputes between greece and turkey . 
  but still , no sane person jacks off to greeks suffering as the guy i responded to claims it out to be . 
  nobody cares about greece . 
  everyone thinks of their own self-interests . 
  when turkey acts as you mentioned , it is n't in a `` yeah fuck greece '' attitude and rather more about our own interests . 
  jmd08 thinks emotional and portrays turkish people as comical evil villains . 
  we do n't wake up everyday to have an evil laugh and dream of killing greeks . 
  i did n't even know until now that this was a legit conspiracy in europe . 
   what they are actually interested in is **** ing up greece . 
  damn , you got us !, 
  / s how will this benefit turkey ? 
  turkey is thinking of its own interests . 
  you can call it `` blackmailing '' or whatever you want , that 's what countries do . 
   they pretend to be our `` good '' allies . 
  do n't be naive yourself , allies today may be your enemies tomorrow . 
  being an ally depends on benefits and relies on both sides having their self-interests fulfilled . 
  where were our european allies when turkey had to handle all those refugees ?
