  my partner takes melatonin and it was prescribed by a sleep doctor who is also a well-known researcher . 
  charming, 
  there are two big flaws in that argument . 
  1 ) `` big pharma '' are n't the only people that do studies ( in fact , the vast majority are done by universities ) and, 
  2 ) there is a huge incentive go publish studies on alternative medicine because they 're unexpected results . 
  the problem is actually the opposite , it 's hard to publish a study that agrees with the consensus because nobody wants to read it . 
  if you have proof that homeopathy works , you 're getting a nobel prize . 
  `` what 's the holocaust '', 
  asked by a 22 year old . 
  i 'm not really a woman , i 'm a horse . 
  how is that an act of kindness ? 
  corollary question : what happens if a woman wants to give the baby up for adoption but the man refuses ? 
  i would think that she ca n't give the baby away without his consent and if he had full custody , she would have the same legal requirements that he does in the reverse situation . 
  i may be wrong , that 's why i 'm asking the question . 
  yes that 's clearly sexual harassment . 
  you have the right to make a complaint but you may find it 's easier to let it go . 
  it 's completely up to you . 
  if you were hurt/upset , talk to a higher-up . 
  i removed your post because it had personally identifying information in that link . 
  feel free to repost it without the link . 
  i 've never understood why people think text is nsfw . 
  how often is your boss so close to your screen that they can read what you 're reading and if they are , why are you on reddit ? 
  you need to go to the police and tell them what happened . 
  so you want people 's stories ... but only good ones ? 
  someone is trying to justify what they want to do . 
  if you want it so badly , just do it . 
  that 's not selfish . 
  the most important thing you can do right now is protect yourself . 
  find a good therapist and talk it out . 
  you do n't * have * to talk to the cops , but it may give you closure and will obviously help prevent other people going through the same thing . 
  but , if you 're not able to , do n't get too angry at yourself about it , your number 1 priority right now is you . 
  by treating them like they 're ** any other person in the world ** . 
  they 're not special , they 're just attractive . 
  you have to start thinking of interactions with the other sex as an important two-way process . 
  you 're trying to work out if you like them and they 're trying to work out if they like you . 
  if you focus too much on the latter , you 're doing yourself a big disservice . 
  there are subreddits for a lot of different areas of study . 
  try finding a relevant one ( e.g. , / r/psychology ) . 
  or you could try / r/asksocialscience if it 's a social science paper . 
  i ca n't advise you on the specifics , but i can give you some more general advice . 
  it 's all about making choices . 
  if you say to yourself that having an accomplished career as a philosophy academic is a life worth living , even if i never make a lot of money , that 's important information . 
  if you decide that you would prefer to have a career that will allow you to be comfortable and have certain experiences that wo n't be possible in an academic career , that 's important information too . 
  there 's no shame either way , it 's just about trying to imagine what life you could look back on when you 're 80 and think `` yeh , i 'm happy with the decisions i made '' . 
  for me personally , i 'm going to be having kids while i 'm still poor and studying . 
  that 's something i never thought i 'd do but to be with the woman i love and have the career i want , that 's the sacrifice i have to make . 
  it does work and it worked for me . 
  i 'm not saying he should pretend that he does n't like her , i 'm saying that he needs to remember that the interaction should n't all be about `` how can i impress her '' because it 's a counter-productive strategy . 
  there 's a reasonable middle ground . 
  this guy is saying that he can barely talk . 
  i do n't think saying `` do n't be too aloof '' is an issue right now . 
  if they do n't find `` normal you '' to be interesting , why the fuck would you want to go out with them ? 
  / r/favors / r/assistance, 
  win a golf tournament to earn the money . 
  my love of kiwi jokes aside , that 's genuinely touching . 
  spend a few days making comments in / new, 
  do some psychology studies , many of which do n't require much more than a computer and a printer and then use the $ 100 for snacks . 
  how many people do you have and how much time ? 
  we were going to go on a date but she became busy and it did n't happen . 
  in the next 3 months i was in a dysfunctional fwb situation and did some self-destructive stuff that i head to learn from . 
  i then heard from that girl that i 'd spoken to 3 months ago and we finally went on that date . 
  2.5 years later we 're still together and will be married sometime next year . 
  if we 'd gone on a date at the time , she would n't have liked me and i would n't have been ready for the relationship we 're in now . 
  i had to make some stupid mistakes and learn some important lessons . 
  there was a wonderful study recently where they tracked the happiness of recent amputees and lottery winners . 
  for the first few months , the happiness of the lottery winners went way up and the amputees went down . 
  however , after 6 months , they were both back to their baseline of happiness . 
  we 're very god at readjusting to what we have . 
  this question may be better answered by an economist but i think that the happiness of those with a lot of money would be minimally affected but the happiness of those who are now receiving adequate healthcare , education and nutrition for the first time would be hugely affected . 
  i 'm sorry for my ignorance but do you mind translating ? 
  `` human nature '' is a very badly defined term but no . 
  evidence : it takes extreme circumstances for someone to be willing/able to kill and ( except in cases of sociopathy ) has terrible psychological outcomes for the perpetrator . 
  why are you arbitrarily defining the ability to suppress as * not * part of human nature ? 
  i 'd argue that the prefrontal cortex ( area in the brain responsible ) is the * most * human part of us . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  in another guilty pleasures thread that got to the frontpage , i said that i enjoyed getting upvoted when i make comments because it means that people found me interesting/funny . 
  ever since then , i get several messages a day from people letting me know that they upvoted me and hoped that it made my day . 
  i 'm guessing that some of it is sarcastic but it does actually make me smile . 
  [ always look on the bright side of life ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlbilnn1nhq ), 
  ~ ~ the comment karma ~ ~ . 
  i like telling people what i think . 
  if you 're not in the new queue , no-one sees it . 
  i could be wrong ( and i 'm hoping an economist will correct me if i am ) but i really do n't buy that line of reasoning . 
  unless we 're talking about an obscenely draconian tax system , i do n't think raising income tax rates would have a significant difference in how hard people work to create income . 
  i ca n't imagine there are many people in the top tax bracket that would significantly change how they do business if they were getting taxed an extra 10 % on their income . 
  russell crowe was ours too , then he threw the phone and went nuts . 
  you can have him back . 
  no because logic and science . 
  it 's called confirmation bias . 
  you notice when it happens but do n't notice when it does n't . 
  a child molester ? 
  i realised that i had no good reason for believing in god . 
  once i realised that , i also realised that i would n't want to live in a world that was controlled by a god , especially one of the bible . 
  the last step was realising that my life actually has far more meaning if i hold onto the idea that my one life i get to live is precious and fleeting so i must create a life worth having . 
  posting personal information is strictly banned , as per the sidebar rules . 
  i 'll assume it was a mistake in this case and wo n't ban you but this is your only warning . 
  you may provide as many as you like . 
  i 'll give you my honest and open opinion and i hope you see that is n't me forcing my ( lack of ) beliefs down yours . 
  self-posts do n't gain/lose karma .
