  how is your scheming working out for you ? 
  have you managed to convince yourself that it 's always ` her ' fault when she 's not attracted to you ? 
  are you having fun only attracting pathetic girls with low self-esteem with your faux-asshole routine ? 
  your life seems really fulfilling and i 'm totally jealous of you having it all figured out . 
  you ooze bitterness and i 'm sorry you feel like you got ignored by women for so long but this is just pathetic man . 
  grow up . 
  yes . 
  you 're abusing her feelings to gain sex . 
  you know this is going to end in her getting hurt but you 're choosing to sleep with her anyway . 
  i did the exact same thing and i genuinely regret it . 
  sex is n't worth not being proud of the person you are . 
  good hypnotherapy is basically guided meditation that will teach you relaxation tools . 
  it could be very helpful for this sort of thing . 
  before you try it though , i 'd recommend you download some mindfulness meditations , they can be a great practice and have helped me in anxious situations before . 
  bad hypnotherapy is quackery . 
  it ranges from stage show crap to `` past life regression '' , neither of which do anything . 
  i can physically taste the biterness in you , it 's hilarious but somewhat depressing . 
  so it started because she wanted to know what time it was . 
  she asked the teacher and instead of stopping and telling her , he held out his wrist and continued talking . 
  she then stopped him to say `` i ca n't read analogue , what time is it ? '', 
  haha . 
  it 's starting to become less funny for me because i just feel sorry for the guy . 
  imagine how ignored and rejected you 'd have to feel growing up to want to embrace this kind of bullshit . 
  go to itunes and search for ucla mindfulness . 
  they 've got two different types of meditation on there ( ca n't remember what to search for the other ) but the mindfulness is really basic and easy . 
  it 's great for your physical and mental health too ( heaps of study over the last 10 years showing it ), 
  he must be a troll . 
  surely, 
  there 's a need to strike a balance . 
  children need to feel safe and protected to that they can explore the world around them . 
  i 'm not talking about stories like the easter bunny , i mean not talking to your 4 year old about darfur . 
  at the same time , you obviously ca n't pretend the world is a wonderful place forever . 
  like with almost all things , it 's about balance . 
  it depends how old you 're talking about as well . 
  fantasy play is very important for children developmentally . 
  if you turn to your 3 year old and say `` what are you talking about , there 's no-one sitting there drinking tea with you '' , you 're doing them harm . 
  you can read all about it [ here ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=islam+creation+story ), 
  you 're arguing against a strawman that does n't exist . 
  who is saying that children should know ** nothing ** about reality ? 
  it 's basically just normal cowgirl but the guy has his arms straight out to the side, 
  i did n't realise that steve irwin was actually swedish . 
  he did a killer australian accent though . 
  if they were n't there would be no point . 
  the whole point is that human pattern recognition is better than computers so it needs to be challenging . 
  `` nice guys finish last '' is only said by guys who are bitter and want to blame someone else for their short-comings . 
  most adult women want to be with nice guys , the fact that not all women want to be with all nice guys does n't make this untrue, 
  you accidentally a link . 
  edit : still wrong . 
  you can either do [ title ] ( link ) without the space or if you just do / r/subreddit it will automatically link to it . 
  mine is n't as dramatic but it 's fairly painful . 
  in a hotel room with a girl i liked and a bunch of friends . 
  me and her were on a bed together , alone and the friends all leave us alone . 
  we 're on the hotel room bed for about 2 hours ( after midnight ) watching tv and cuddling and i never made an attempt to kiss her . 
  to this day , i have no idea why . 
  someone gave me reddit gold . 
  i still do n't know why but it made me really happy . 
  the gold itself is fairly cheap but the fact that someone found me funny/helpful/insightful enough to want to give an anonymous stranger a present felt fucking great . 
  i imagine that this would drastically increase the proportion of poo that hits the side of the bowl instead of going straight into the water . 
  in case you have n't noticed , society does n't have a very sex-positive attitude in general . 
  sex and sexuality have been largely repressed for our entire history ( barring some obvious examples ) . 
  things are improving rapidly but it takes time . 
  queen, 
  why would you want to ? 
  i think you need to find a new type . 
  i 'm only 96 % gay and therefore ca n't answer this, 
  that 's the whole point of having a personalised frontpage . 
  if you do n't want to see all content , do n't go to / r/all you dingus . 
  i highly doubt that anyone wants to fuck you . 
  i think you could chart my work hours by how grumpy my responses are . 
  at the start of my shift i 'm generally pretty nice but after 8 hours of work i start just aimlessly insulting people . 
  or , they may even still love him and do n't want to admit to themselves/others that he 's a monster . 
  i do n't think you saw their ages . 
  she did n't change suddenly , you just had no idea what was going on under the surface . 
  also , til means today i learned , you do n't need to say i learned after it . 
  neil degrasse ~ ~ karma ~ ~ tyson, 
  how often do people get close enough to read the text on your screen ? 
  i think it 's stupid but there 's really no harm in marking something nsfw when it 's fine . 
  however , absolutely no harm or inconvenience being done has never stopped reddit getting up in arms . 
  fuck her man . 
  she 's a bitch , why care what she thinks ? 
  do you respect her opinion ? 
  do you think she has any value to add to the world in her words ? 
  so who gives a fuck ? 
  upvote to keep you off the edge pal, 
  you ca n't . 
  wanting or not wanting kids is a deal-breaker . 
  sorry to break it to you but would you ever want to raise kids with someone you had to coerce into doing it ? 
  and , if you do n't have kids and want them , you 'll resent her forever . 
  this will end badly . 
  res or do n't use all . 
  i do n't have any stories . 
  i just wanted to give you my condolences . 
  you think that getting punched in the face is awesome ? 
  is that because you 've had bad experiences or is there something about the birthday itself that you do n't like ? 
  i have to agree . 
  i think huge boobs look better in a top than out of a top . 
  there 's a perfect size in the middle somewhere . 
  you have the worst life ever . 
  you monster, 
  have you considered eating more fibre ?
