  mercutio dying hit me harder . 
  a plague o ' both your houses !, 
  they have made worms ' meat of me . 
  it 's too late . 
  the moment is gone . 
  that 's just a top notch movie all around, 
  infinite respect for not just making that into a two line ` scumbag redditor ' joke . 
  works in 80 % of posts, 
  thank you sir . 
  what does the histo part of immunohistochemistry mean ? 
  yes . 
  a phobia , by definition , is an irrational level of fear . 
  yes , it 's common for people with phobias to think there is a risk when there is n't one . 
  i 'm fairly certain that i just got dumber from reading that . 
  `` hi , i volunteer at a soup kitchen so i can judge the people asking for food . '', 
  your brain has a lot of shit to do . 
  i can live with my dog dying . 
  i ca n't live with being responsible for someone 's death . 
  easier to get a date : male, 
  easier to get laid : female, 
  i think it 's the exact opposite . 
  most guys think their friends will tease them if they 're with a fat girl, 
  peeing while walking ? 
  might get a better response from r/askscience . 
  there may even be someone who works in the field . 
  i think it 's about creating barriers of entry to drinking . 
  while many still do , it 's certainly * harder * to get alcohol when underage . 
  it may not completely stop the problem but i 'd think that it at least reduces the accessability . 
  nice try , fbi, 
  it probably depends which friend you ask but if pushed for an answer the majority would say appletini . 
  i 'm not ashamed to admit it 's delicious . 
  i 'm not an expert on gravity . 
  i know it exists . 
  he could worship a hamster for all i care . 
  if you say stupid shit like not believing in evolution it should count against you in the same way that it should count against you if you say that you think elvis is still alive . 
  in your brain there are lots and lots of chemicals . 
  some of them make you feel happy and some of them make you feel sad . 
  when your brain , which is like a giant computer , wants to tell you that you should feel happy it releases those chemicals and you feel happy !, 
  soemtimes , the things we do can trick our brain into making us think we 're happy , like marijuana . 
  when you smoke marijuana your body gets very confused and releases all sorts of chemicals that affect the way you see and experience the world . 
  how about the scene on the pier ? 
  i bawled like a 2 year old . 
  exactly . 
  if a drug company wants to sell a product they have to go through intense testing to prove that it works * and * that it 's not harmful . 
  if i say ` herbal ' on the package i can give them whatever i want . 
  not to the same extent . 
  our brain tends to get used to whatever we give it ( that 's why you have to smoke more and more to get the same effects if you smoke regularly ) . 
  the best thing you can do is increase overall happiness with things like exercise , meditation , psychotherapy , social and love relationships , novelty , hobbies and having a satisfying/fulfilling career . 
  edit : the other thing to remember is that your body ca n't produce infinite amounts of those chemicals . 
  that 's why ( among other reasons ) most drugs affect you negatively the next day . 
  for example , ecstacy tells your brain to release huge amounts of serotonin . 
  serotonin may feel great at the time but the next day your brain does n't have enough for normal functioning and most people will feel depressed ( note : ssri 's which are drugs that cause serotonin to stay in your brain for longer , are the most common form of anti-depressants given to depressed people ) . 
  not a problem at all . 
  just let me know if you want to know anything else . 
  i think he meant without using marijuana at all . 
  [ citation required ], 
  if anything your description describes less conscious functioning and thereby more access to unconscious thought . 
  you would probably love thesciencenetwork.org, 
  hold on , let me get this straight . 
  he complains that specific redditors ' opinions are ruining reddit 's credibility ( even though anyone can sign up and post ) but does n't hold fox responsible for op . 
  ed pieces ? 
  what the fuck ? 
   you 've been making this community 's credibility go out the freaking window, 
  anyone can sign up to this website . 
  i ca n't write an op ed and get it on fox news . 
  there are vastly different levels of accountability . 
  get off your high horse pal . 
  my favourite is angela from bones . 
  her qualifications are ` being an artist ' yet she can give 3d demonstrations of complex simulations in a couple of days and can adjust it by pressing a few buttons . 
  well , for example , most people get very dehydrated when they 're drunk , that 's a large part of hangovers ( protip : have a gatorade before you go to sleep and the chances of you getting a headache in the morning drop hugely ) . 
  other than that , a few affect your quality of sleep or your body takes time to readjust to its homeostasis . 
  what do you mean ? 
  what about those accounts that make a username saying the thing they 're going to do ... and then ... then they do it !, 
  it 's brilliant . 
  please film this so that we can see what happens when he kicks you in the head by mistake as he gets the biggest fright of his life . 
  either way , this is must-see-tv, 
  i think she should realise that dogs eat meat and do n't give a fuck about her personal beliefs . 
  i 'm playing the odds, 
  i feel inadequate for having a small penis, 
  it was especially important during the london bombings because any lights meant that the pilots knew people were there . 
  let 's just say i 'm not well hung, 
  it 's over 15 seconds . 
  you broke your own rule . 
  this guy is a phony . 
  hey everyone , this guy 's a phony . 
  i know , i was n't cross about it, 
  let 's just say i wo n't be the only one doing a second coming . 
  are you currently being treated ? 
  are you on an anti-depressants ? 
  some can inhibit appetite and it may be worth re-jigging your medication . 
  if you 're seeing a therapist they should be able to help with this too . 
  if you 're not saying anyone , i highly recommend it because mdd is a serious illness and should be treated . 
  i know that a lot of reddit is pro-weed but please do n't self-medicate a serious illness . 
  it 's really inappropriate to suggest that . 
  it 's hard because mdd often causes appetite loss too . 
  what element of eating are you finding difficult ? 
  shakespear was good too . 
  so was that aristotl guy . 
  why is it stressful ? 
  do you feel pressured to eat because it has been an issue for a little while ?
