  mindfulness meditation has been having amazing clinical results in the last 10 years so so . 
  you wo n't necessarily feel sad all the time if you 're depressed . 
  it 's more of an overall flattening of mood . 
  i obviously ca n't , and it would n't be appropriate to , diagnose you over the net . 
  however , if `` being down in the dumps '' is affecting you significantly , i would recommend talking to a psychologist ( they 're not just for people who are ill , it can be a valuable exercise anyway ) . 
  aside from that , try get into some better sleeping habits ( i can give you some tips if you need ) and i really recommend you learn how to meditate ( ucla have some guided meditations available for free on itunes ) . 
  no because i 'm a rational adult . 
  yeh it 's a pretty rough learning curve for some people . 
  i 'm quite neurotic myself so i just started with like 5 minute guided meditations and i 've slowly gotten better over time . 
  it 's really no problem at all , i 've suffered from depression myself and am about to start my honours in psychology because i want to help other people have the chance that i was given to get through it . 
  feel free to let me know how you go with the book or if you just want to know about a bit more about depression/treatments etc. 
  i had a really bad groin muscle injury . 
  required a lot of work on it by the physiotherapist and they ( saw a few different ones over the course of the injury ) would occasionally touch my junk , causing me to get hard . 
  i 'm sure she could see how hard i was more than once . 
   violently, 
  voting on my view * is * voting to have them represent their constituency . 
  if i was the only one voting , it would n't be . 
  that 's the whole idea of democracy . 
  take it back ... 
  no karma for self-posts, 
  even without a warranty . 
  if you ca n't use the product as intended you get a refund . 
  it is an implied term of the contract ( any purchase is a contract ) that the item works as designed . 
  gay chicken, 
  mindsight - daniel j. siegel ( ucla researcher and practising psychiatrist ) . 
  talks about the intersection of meditation , mindfulness and neuroscience ( in easy to understand language ), 
  do you personally want to start a genocide ? 
  statistically , i 'd say it 's unlikely . 
  the germans who live in germany are very far removed from those of ww2 . 
  i think we 're okay . 
  if you like him , show him reddit . 
  if you do n't like him , show him reddit, 
  see a psychologist , exercise , good sleep patterns , meditation , try to focus on activities that make you feel like you 're achieving . 
  you 'll do clinical placements in your degree where you 'll have a ( hopefully good ) supervisor that will train you in these things . 
  maybe we could all wear a patch on our arms . 
  like a star or something . 
  i like yellow personally , anyone else for a yellow star ? 
  you accidentally a context, 
  dbt is n't really appropriate for depression , it 's actually designed for borderline personality disorder . 
  cbt is the most common treatment for depression and it stands for cognitive behavioural therapy . 
  it 's basically a set of practices that teach you skills in understanding the underlying meaning added to all of your thoughts and then reality testing them . 
  for example , your friend cancels hanging out with you . 
  you take all of the reasons why it could have happened ( they do n't like you , you upset them , they were busy etc. ), 
  and test them for how real they are . 
  people who are depressed tend to make negative attributions and these need to be challenged ( in the proper way - do n't go around telling depressed people to ` cheer up ' ) as it perpetuates the depression . 
  there are lots of other types of therapies that work too . 
  many people like psychodynamic therapy which is more like the old-school `` tell me about your parents '' freudian approach . 
  for depression , most well-knonw therapies are actually as effective as each other . 
  nah you should be regularly debriefed . 
  also , in australia , we 're forced to have a clinical supervisor ( weekly meeting with an experienced psychologist ) for the first year out of school at our own expense . 
  however , many therapists will have it for like 10-20 years since it 's so helpful . 
  no problems at all . 
  i love teaching people about psychology , it 's a small step towards better acceptance and understanding of mental health issues . 
  i would have never heard sarah palin on tv . 
  irrespective of how the war woulda turned out , i 'm calling it a win . 
  start a subreddit claiming to give money to a not-for-profit and then just take it all, 
  we bought one a few weeks ago . 
  best investment ever . 
   that 's a dealbreaker : /, 
  wtf ? 
  what the fuck , why is that poor robot being tortured ? 
  not as far as i know, 
  well you certainly do n't lack confidence !, 
  basic mental health and emotional awareness , maybe end with a short mindfulness meditation . 
  there are funny and cute pictures plus some interesting articles and lots of people who take themselves way , way too seriously . 
  have you been diagnosed ? 
  do you have paranoid personality disorder or is it a symptom of something else like schizophrenia ? 
  sorry , that 's rough . 
  i know that in australia there are specific benzo withdrawal counselling services . 
  not sure where you are or what support you have available but best of luck . 
  have you ever tried meditation ? 
  studies show that it * can * be trained . 
  if you 're interested , read the book mindsight by daniel j siegel ( he 's a ucla researcher/psychiatrist and it 's a fascinating read either way ) . 
  plan ** everything ** and assume those plans will need to be changed on the fly . 
  do all the research you can into the industry and your competitors , what they do right , wrong and where there are gaps in needs you can fill . 
  assume you 're going to lose money early on and * do not * do it unless you are financially stable enough to handle that . 
  the last thing you want is to be in financial distress early on and then make bad short-term focussed decisions . 
  do n't hire family or friends unless absolutely necessary . 
  if you do , have a very honest conversation about your expectations of each other and try to stay professional . 
  always consider opportunity costs with the money you spend . 
  it 's not just about whether or not you make money , it 's sometimes about what return you can get on each dollar/hour of your time . 
  most of all , find something maintainable because you will be its bitch for a while . 
  best of luck !, 
  take notes . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  edit : do n't mean to sound flippant , the point is that the only thing that matters is hours you put in . 
  there are all sorts of tips and tricks for being more efficient but unless you put the hours in , you ca n't do it . 
  make it your priority . 
  you can socialise as long as you understand moderation and timing . 
  going out all night drinking is obviously going to fuck up your studying ability . 
  having lunch with friends wo n't . 
  food, 
  i do n't think it 's that sinister . 
  i think she 's just a fucking moron and people mistake fame for authority . 
  `` i will regret this '' tattooed on your face . 
  ignore them ... 
  studies show these two are effective :, 
  1 ) repeat the order back to people, 
  2 ) give people more than one mint ( if you have them ) . 
  best case scenario , leave one mint on the table , go to walk away and then hand them an extra one .
