  you know it 's what you need to do and you 're going to have to go through it eventually . 
  rip it off like a bandaid . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  at a lawyer 's office . 
  you can try / r/legal . 
  try yoga nidra meditation . 
  [ here ] ( http://itunes.apple.com/au/itunes-u/deep-relaxation-guided-meditation/id434139276 ) is a guided meditation from ucla . 
  this is n't a question of heart . 
  you have a warped view of power . 
  i think the meaning of life is precisely what we make it mean . 
  for me , i want to be on my deathbed and know that i 've changed the world for the better . 
  i 've had kids that grew up to be good people , i was kind and caring for my wife and my presence in the world made it better . 
  that would make my life mean something , even once i no longer exist . 
  my legacy would live on through the lives i 'd touched . 
  that sounds pretty meaningful to me . 
  you 're right . 
  it does n't always get better but it did for me . 
  i 've been through a really bad depression and i know how useless statements like that can sound . 
  i wanted him to know that someone who felt something similar came out the other side okay , because when you feel really down , that 's the thing you ca n't imagine . 
  i 'm really sorry for what you 've been going through and if you do want to talk about it , i 'd be more than happy to . 
  i 'm greedy so i 'm going to do 2 . 
   `` i do not fear death . 
  i had been dead for billions and billions of years before i was born , and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it . '', 
  mark twain, 
   well , i guess i kinda worked it out . 
  if there 's no great glorious end to all this , if nothing we do matters ... , then all that matters is what we do . 
  'cause that 's all there is . 
  what we do . 
  now . 
  today . 
  joss whedon ( in an episode of angel ), 
   why even get involved, 
  because shit clearly got too big . 
  enough inbreeding could put a cock anywhere, 
  friendly mod public service announcement :, 
  please make sure you 're posting from imgur or some other equivalent site . 
  ** if you post from facebook it can be traced back to you and i 'll be forced to remove your post ** . 
  everyone has been fine so far , i just want to make sure you all know . 
  edit : if you notice any posts from facebook , please make sure to message the mods with a link . 
  we have zero tolerance . 
  i used to know everyone 's phone numbers . 
  then i got a mobile phone . 
  i can still tell you what my primary school best friend 's home number was . 
  ask me what my girlfriend 's is . 
  i have no fucking idea . 
  you accidentally became a cock . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  try / r/homeworkhelp, 
  vote for a black president, 
  i was still correct . 
  can you only remember them in order or can you tell me who number 47 was without checking ? 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , ** legal consultation ** , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  speak to the police or a lawyer . 
  yes, 
  that depends where you 're using it . 
  if it 's an academic paper , no . 
  never . 
  if it 's winning an argument with your friend on the internet , sure . 
  ask your pharmacist , not people on the internet . 
  i get really quiet and withdrawn and eventually explode . 
  i do n't always do this and certainly do less than i used to . 
  i 've never smoked cigarettes but i can tell you the moment i stopped smoking weed :, 
  i used to smoke , every night . 
  i stopped enjoying it a while back and just never admitted it to myself . 
  one night i smoked a big joint and went to play computer . 
  i fell asleep on my computer chair and woke up at 4am . 
  i instantly knew that i wanted to quit when i woke up . 
  it just felt like such a waste . 
  i know it 's different for everyone , please do n't tell me why your weed habit is different to mine . 
  i never said it is n't . 
  nothing is wrong with you , everyone deals with grief differently . 
  just go through it in your own way . 
  i much prefer when my gf does it to when i do . 
  it does n't matter if you think it 's hot , he does . 
  if you do n't feel comfortable do n't do it because you should n't ever feel pressured to do something you do n't want to do but he 's giving you pretty clear direction about what he finds hot . 
  just listen to him . 
  it 's all academic papers . 
  i do n't always try to turn my partner on but when i do , it 's to get them to owe me . 
  yeh , it feels different because it 's not my own hand . 
  i find it hot and i like the sensation . 
  she 's pretty good at it too . 
  if you 're not sure , use lube , that makes it easy-mode . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://slatest.slate.com/posts/2011/07/15/google_memory_change_columbia_science_magazine_recent_study_reve.html ), 
  the one i like is pretty simple , it goes something like this :, 
  1 ) in the future , would it be possible to create a computer that could run a lifelike simulation of people ? 
  2 ) in that simulation , would it be a necessity that those in the simulation do n't know that they 're in one ? 
  3 ) would there be more than one simulation ? 
  if the answer to all of these is yes , it 's * more * likely that you live in a simulation than not, 
  if it makes you feel better , my prom date spent the entire ride there arguing with her best friend ( who was my friend 's partner ) after the other couple arrived an hour late to our ride ( everyone else had already left the pre-drinks ) . 
  then , after spending months of putting in the groundwork and finally making a move on her after the prom , i had to run out of the room to vomit just before kissing her . 
  tl ; dr smart kid , went through a tough time , came out the other side wanting to help others through the same process . 
  bonus bonus question : if the world * is * deterministic and free-will is essentially an illusion , is the illusion of free-will functionally different from `` real '' free-will ? 
  i 'm not asking for certainty . 
  if you were certain about what was going to happen in the future , i would have more interesting questions for you than hypotheticals . 
  in that case , i apologise . 
  i agree . 
  we have no way of verifying if it * is * your own personal information or you 're just saying it is .
