  someone else changing my nappies, 
  chuck norris dies, 
  oh . . my ... god . 
  the horror of posting things that the majority of people on reddit like instead of that specific thing you 're looking for . 
  did you know that dictionary.com took the word gullible out ? 
  i chew on my t-shirt while i 'm redditing, 
  i look around my room for a weapon . 
  do i find anything ? 
  i pick up the sturgeon and try to find a light switch . 
  do they work ? 
  delete them . 
  do n't be an asshole, 
  bitch, 
  i 'm s sore loser, 
  you 're going to need to be more specific . 
  i 'm rude to you often, 
  hmm that does seem mean . 
  by the way , why is my post 5/0 and yours 2/0 ? 
  your brain does n't know the difference between social anxiety and fear of a predator . 
  both give you the fight/flight response . 
  that 's as big as it 's going to grow, 
  if you 're still that angry it 's probably worth talking to a professional about it . 
  it means you misread her being friendly as flirting, 
  what . . now you 're winning all of a sudden . 
  reddit is weird, 
  3 inches, 
  i 'm lovely, 
  how many times have you measured ? 
  because people are n't economists , nor do they have the resources behind their decisions that a government department does . 
  not saying they 're always right or not politically motivated but normal people are very stupid when it comes to economics . 
  hell , most economists have no idea what they 're doing . 
  only laxative in someone 's pancake, 
  well i thought i 'd be as accurate as everyone else in the thread, 
  i have very little work to do so my boss encourages me to bring my textbooks into work . 
  i 'm quite insignificant in terms of the universe . 
  pretty absurd to think any force cares enough to give me a sign, 
  where 's my heterosexual ascii porn ? 
  we need a control group though . 
  maybe he will die of natural causes, 
  i have no problem with it as long as they 're not trying to unfairly use the system ( spambots etc. 
  i went like 2 months when i was 13 because i realised that it felt better if you waited a few days and wondered how good it would be . 
  it went * okay *, 
  nope . 
  why would i ? 
  people are n't forced to upvote it, 
  that 's what i mean by abusing the system, 
  there 's no evidence it 's any healthier or tastier . 
  however , most organic styles of farming cause the soil to be tilled ( roughly ) 4x as many times , releasing huge amounts of methane into the atmosphere ( methane is more damaging than carbon to the atmosphere in the short term but it has a much shorter half-life ) . 
  that depends on what the mri actually says . 
  if you 've torn or partially torn a ligament/tendon it 's severe . 
  if you 've just got loads of internal bruising it 's not as major, 
  hahah that 's so cute . 
  you think there 's rationale beyond blindly opposing anything the potus does to try and make him look bad . 
  i would instantly ban anyone who starts a post with `` i know i 'll get downvoted for this but ... '' or `` i know the hivemind will disagree but ... '', 
  do n't stick your dick in crazy, 
  women who only have 1 good picture . 
  i 'm going to find out as soon as i meet you that you 're 30lbs bigger than your picture . 
  it would n't be a dealbreaker unless you deliberately tried to mislead me . 
  yeh , i hate when people submit content to the site that enough people have n't seen that it gets to the front page . 
  i mean , they 're only doing it to get that sweet , sweet karma . 
  we should stop them from giving out that enjoyable content because , you know , they 're stealing all the karma from honest , hard working folks like yourself ( with 1 link karma ) and clearly , as king of the internet , you should never have to see content that you 've seen before ( even if no-one else has ) . 
  luckily , everyone spends all day , every day on reddit and has seen every post that 's ever been on reddit and we have no need to repeated content . 
  tl ; dr get off your high horse . 
  if it 's getting upvotes people want to see it . 
  the whole point of the site is that no single person gets to decide what 's worth looking at . 
  yeh we did fine for thousands of years without indoor plumbin , seems silly to start now, 
  it 's not just for the sake of changing it though . 
  we know how to do things better now . 
  it 's the same reason we do n't blood let anymore . 
  `` well , x years ago we were wrong about y so you ca n't really know . '', 
  `` you ca n't prove it does n't exist/work '', 
  i have no problem if you say that `` i know x probably is n't true but it makes me feel good to do it anyway '' . 
  if you say `` if you had faith then you 'd understand '' it makes me want to headbutt myself in the face . 
  ice for the first 48 hours after injury , heat after that . 
  besides that it really depends on the sort of injury it is . 
  that 's not true , the other day i saw a time when it was . 
  lame novelty, 
  because the relative cost of error is n't the same . 
  what if i said let 's play a game where you can flip a coin . 
  if you get heads , i 'll pay you $ 3 , if you get tails , you pay me $ 2 . 
  sounds like a pretty sweet deal . 
  now let 's change it . 
  if you get heads , you pay me $ 1 million , if it 's tails , i 'll pay you $ 1.5 million . 
  would you play ? 
  nah , he got really angry last time he went down there, 
  if you do n't report it , it might come back to bite you , especially if your manager is so cheap . 
  also , if you fire him , he 'll get hired somewhere else and do the same thing . 
  he needs to be taught a lesson . 
  there is still strong opposition to gm food for mass-sale ( and legislation in a lot of countries ) that is holding back development of improved nutrients in a lot of foods . 
  in fact , our best weapon against poverty in third-world countries is gm vitamin-enriched seeds ( for example , there 's a lab near me that 's working on enriching rice for use in third-world countries ), 
  do you have any references for that ? 
  not attacking i just do n't know of any cases of it, 
  that 's actually fairly true . 
  look up the ` inuit paradox ' . 
  if you eat every part of the animal it 's a completely sustainable diet . 
  every day is new and exciting !, 
  you know that feeling you get when someone lightly touches your back and it kind of tickles but feels nice . 
  imagine that , building and building but there 's no unpleasantness . 
  then , for about 2 seconds your cock feels like it 's going to explode with awesomeness . 
  then you fall asleep .
