  focus on the sensation of the air going in and how it moves your body . 
  do that for 30 seconds and you 'll feel much less anxious . 
  it is with * his * cock . 
  no problems at all . 
  now that you 've done it and know that it helps you can feel safe that if you 're starting to freak out while you 're there all you need to do is go to the bathroom , spend 30 seconds breathing and you 'll be fine . 
  there 's new research that says drinking does n't just reduce inhibitions but it also increases anxiety . 
  what that means is that people are far more likely to feel like they are threatened in a situation that feel innocuous to sober people . 
  also , it 's worth considering that people use alcohol as an excuse to participate in behaviours they want to do anyway ( think of the girl in high school that got drunk every weekend to sleep with guys ) . 
  you do n't have all of your friends in the room when you masturbate ? 
  very much in love right now . 
  first moment i knew was cuddling on the couch while she was lightly touching my back . 
  we had n't been going out that long but it was the most loved i 'd ever felt . 
  still , if she lightly touches my back i feel incredibly safe and loved . 
  many people of different religions * do * believe in god and evolution by taking a less literal view of their texts . 
  yes because it looks like an awesome super-hero movie . 
  that being said , if it 's jingoistic it will make me want to headbutt myself in the face . 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  tell him that you 're not interested in a relationship and it feels like that 's what he 's looking for . 
  it 's been fun but you think you 're done with it now . 
  you have a valid point . 
  that being said , to be capable of murder you need a very specific psychopathology that very few people have . 
  i think those people are likely to offend in different ways if not emulating dexter . 
  oh god , i 'm trying to remember . 
  i 'm certain it was either on the nature podcast or neuropod within the last few weeks . 
  they also talked about prefrontal cortex damage from it . 
  sorry , ca n't remember which . 
  sport . 
  playing team sports affected me in a lot of ways and taught me some great lessons . 
  i 'm going to really try and get my kinds into it and teach them to practise far better than i did . 
  so just say `` look , i 'm really sorry , i had a good time but it 's just not what i want anymore . '', 
  well then you need to be really sure of what you want before you start talking to him . 
  you 're still in charge of yourself and i 'm assuming not incapable of saying no . 
  no because i 'm not 2, 
  i learned that if you 've been chopping chillis you need to wash your hands ( carefully ) before going to the toilet or you will experience a pain worse than anything you could imagine . 
  unless cooking pastry . 
  do not edit the recipe unless you 're very confident already . 
  yes but evolution does n't get to the point we 're at now if the world is 6,000 years old . 
  also , it does n't say how life began but it tells us that we started as something ( molecularly speaking ) far more simple . 
  i 'll always offer to pay for a woman on the first date but it 's far nicer if she at least does n't expect me to and makes an offer to pay . 
  note : many long-life milks have foil on this inside . 
  i learned this the hard way . 
  also , while it 's a popular password it 's not necessarily the first thing you 'd try . 
  how many tries did you use before you got into their wi-fi ? 
  maybe . 
  how much longer would it have taken ? 
  it was revolutionary at the time and people still do n't trust it because it 's such a counter-intuitive idea . 
  this should be easy to answer, 
  and all i did was ask you if you 'd had enough to drink . 
  `` i hope you 're raped to death by 18 giant black cocks '' to a guy over the internet . 
  my mmo days were filled with so much rage . 
  we both know that wo n't stop me right ? 
  i get what you 're saying and it 's a really good point . 
  that beign said , being social is something that happens more naturally than learning and gaining skills . 
  children enjoy socialising ( in general ) and tend to enjoy learning skills * less * . 
  it 's really , really , important that parents teach kids how to have fulfilling relationships ( both through modelling and explicit conversation ) but kids need to learn frustration tolerance and get practice at focussing on tasks to be functional as an adult . 
  a good parent will teach their kids those skills but also teach them that seeking happiness is far more important than how much you earn . 
  you 're explaining like 50 % of questions on askreddit, 
  while i actually agree that they * should * be the reason is that it 's unconstitutional to force people to give up certain freedoms , even if you 're trying to prevent a crime . 
  for example , if they said that to be allowed welfare you needed to strap a camera to your forehead to make sure you did n't commit any crime , you would n't consider that fair would you ? 
  it 's a debate because there * has * to be a line . 
  people just do n't agree on where the line should be . 
  yes but unfortunately any time americans talk about rights and fairness , constituationality is an easy word to use that evokes much more emotion . 
  not to mention their kids who have done nothing wrong, 
  i 've started using them now . 
  is not a counter-argument . 
  seriously , if we ban murder where does it end ? 
  next they 'll be saying that i ca n't defend myself and before you know it the terrorists have won . 
  because you would n't want to aim a wand at your junk either . 
  mmm tastes like bacteria, 
  i would n't save any money but i could stop a huge fight from happening with my so, 
  mario, 
  you know who has a much better idea what she meant than any of us ? 
  her, 
  i 've heard there 's a great return on helping out nigerian royalty, 
  it 's so salty though, 
  did you clean your nipples before you started sucking them ? 
  good lube . 
  for sex * or * masturbating . 
  omg you have the buzzfeed buzzbox virus ? 
  i plan to ask my so 's mum before i propose, 
  oh not for a little while ( we 're spending all our money going away in a few months ) but it certainly is n't years away, 
  cumming, 
  cuddling my girlfriend, 
  finishing exams, 
  `` babe , i want to invite pmarie . '', 
  `` who 's that '', 
  `` well , she 's a girl on reddit who lives in america and i tease her about being an alcoholic . '', 
  `` that seems reasonable '', 
  is your dad in the mob ? 
  easiest question ever ? 
  it 's hard to get through a whole date without touching myself . 
  same shit . 
  are n't you into that country music crap ? 
  i assumed you were from texas or something . 
  god no ... no, 
  it 's called a ` mondegreen ', 
  i use a complex system of pulleys ... 
  i 'm quite large . 
  clearly you 've never been to itchy and scratch land,
