  totally worth it . 
  that 's crazy . 
  my second toe is a decent bit longer than my big toe ( on both feet ) so in shoes they kind of fold over . 
  that means that if there 's ever an impact on the front of my shoe the nail gets all messed up . 
  i 've lost the nail a few times from getting a blood blister that popped underneath it . 
  why are you with her ? 
  do n't eat the brown acid, 
  long way to swim from your stomach is n't it ? 
  ps : i 'm slightly embarrassed that for about a minute i could n't understand why you 'd still be on reddit if you were running late or why you 'd be embarrassed about it . 
  imnot ( insert your old name ), 
  fair . 
  very fair . 
  great point, 
  great point, 
  one time after a sex-ed class i was describing how gross a cock with syphilis looks . 
  a girl then asked me if she could get it from having a penis rubbed on her face ( 13 years old at the time ) . 
  mine was ****** 64@hotmail.com, 
  everything had to end with 64 because nintendo was the best thing ever . 
  the worst part is that i forgot the password and made ******* 128@hotmail.com and i still use it to this day, 
  even me ? 
  * okay *, 
  it 's not the worst thing but i obsessed about this for years :, 
  when i was about 14 i had a big crush on a friend of mine and was talking to her about my social group . 
  within that group there was a guy and a girl ( guy was a close friend ) who hugged a lot and were quite affectionate but had never hooked up . 
  anyway , i told the girl i had a crush on that the only reason the guy did that was because the girl had huge tits but he was n't interested in her ( i 'm still not sure how i thought this would help me ) . 
  caused a huge fight between the two of them and i did n't talk to that friend for years . 
  i do n't think it 's that bad honestly . 
  you did n't hurt anyone you were just complicit , if it was n't with you it would 've been with someone else . 
  he 's a cock though . 
  do n't try too hard . 
  just tell her that you love her and are better for having known her . 
  it 's everything i imagined and more . 
  look , it 's not a * great * thing to do but i would n't beat yourself up about it too much . 
  oh god ... 
  what is it ? 
  where ? 
  where ? 
  most of my posts are very friendly and helpful , i just have this odd compulsion to tease you though . 
  i ca n't find it . 
  you post a lot, 
  pulse is generally a plus, 
  lovely offer but i think my so would frown on it . 
  being kindaslutty works for me too, 
  i know this was n't your question but dae find cleaning out earwax orgasmic ? 
  the gross sexual manner would be the best part though !, 
  i was talking about hipsters before it was cool . 
  edit : grammar, 
  only my dignity, 
  shh the joke is funnier if i pretend i did, 
  tell my ex something i really , really , should 've never told someone that i wanted to sleep with again at some point . 
  3-way tie between : fight club , the departed and good will hunting . 
  my liking of you has been somewhat restored despite the constant stream of abuse you 've been sending towards me . 
  you got her number ? 
  i thought it was because i always try to put my penis inside them . 
  i in no way deserve her . 
  i know this sounds silly but talk slightly faster than they do ( obviously do n't babble thought ) . 
  it 's taken unconsciously as a sign of expertise . 
  i love the older one looking with disdain, 
  a couple a week . 
  if you struggle , try audiobooks . 
  it depends how deeply you want to understand it . 
  try richard feynmann 's stuff first and see how you go . 
  almost awesome but not in so many ways . 
  press the button that says top, 
  press the button that says top, 
  anything bieber, 
  claymation, 
  positively !, 
  i 've done a fair bit of reading and i 'm yet to see anything concrete that says it does damage beyond a mild diuretic effect and being addictive . 
  on the flip side ; it increases caloric burn during exercise and aids weight loss . 
  barely being able to understand him . 
  also , learn how to spell his name before you go . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://reddit.honestbleeps.com ), 
  i have n't seen him myself that 's just what my friend told me . 
  your question makes several odd assumptions . 
  however , the answer is no because stem cell research can give us a lot of answers that we do n't currently know ( we need better funding/legislation to get there ) and is n't only working on cancer . 
  also , askreddit is supposed to be about discussions ( regardless of how interesting or banal ) . 
  dae questions are simply asking for affirmation . 
  repost it and i 'll upvote it . 
  waking up . 
  stop eating fibre/fruit, 
  i think by most objective measures things have actually improved . 
  for example , there 's a myth that we live in a more violent society in the past which is simply not true [ link ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_pinker_on_the_myth_of_violence.html ) . 
  it 's called the availability heuristic , which basically says that the quicker we can think of examples of things , the more we assume that they are prevalent . 
  for example , try to think of whether there are more words that start with the letter r or have it as the third letter . 
  there are actually several times more with it as the third letter but they 're harder to think of . 
  the reason this has a big impact on how we see the modern world is two-fold :, 
  1 ) we have 24 hour media sources and better knowledge of what 's going on in the world so we are constantly aware of everything and that was n't possible in the past . 
  2 ) novel or anxiety provoking events come to mind more quickly . 
  given that we 're aware of a lot more of them because of mass-media and we have the availability heuristic , we are incline to over-estimate the issues of the world . 
  this is all not to say that everything is great but it 's important to be aware of how we over-estimate some factors . 
  ** tl ; dr ** it 's really important to find objective measures, 
  wait till they 're masturbating and walk in asking if they need a hand . 
  60 % of the time it works every time . 
  pfft . 
  my grandfather did that last week . 
  it does n't matter either way . 
  you 're his father now and always will be even if he is n't your biological son . 
  stage of life is far more important than chronological age . 
  are you looking for the same things right now ( serious relationship vs fun , buying a house vs spending money etc ) ?
