  typical apathetic white mothers . '', 
  ** edit ** : clarity, 
  do you have nice teeth ? 
  were you at least offered some candy ? 
  it means you want to have sex with your mother, 
  blowjob orgasm, 
  write a signed letter telling them that if you do n't receive payment by x date you 're going to speak to a lawyer . 
  that was n't my back ... 
  did you think so before this compliment or did it totally change your perspective on your own teeth ? 
  use it for parking . 
  it 's next door to my university . 
  yes . 
  irrespective of what you think of someone who is overweight or how responsible they are it 's still insensitive . 
  i think deism as a belief adds nothing . 
  either the god has properties that affect the world or it 's a meaningless addition to how you understand life . 
  you can propose any number of unprovable deistic gods that you can describe however you like , it means nothing . 
  are you getting proper sleep at night ? 
  can you function without the naps ? 
  if not , it could be a larger issue . 
  she pronounced it chanel, 
  dude . 
  creepy, 
  back in my day , if it did n't come on a 5 1/4 - inch floppy disk , you could n't play it on your computer . 
  because you really need a shower, 
  it 's good , it means they 're keen and you 're in the last few . 
  the interview will be similar but more in-depth . 
  do n't stress , just do the same thing you did for the first interview . 
  hit me baby one more time, 
  one is the loneliest number, 
  you should see a doctor about that, 
  yes but then all you 're doing is basically saying `` i do n't intuitively understand how the big bang happened so i 'm going to substitute the word god in there '', 
  wait . 
  what ? 
  how is godel 's an argument for god 's existence ? 
  so one day a year people can karma whore with impunity . 
  i would n't necessarily worry about it . 
  kids go through stages where they grapple with the idea of death as a concept . 
  he may have just learned about it or is thinking about it a lot because of a pet dying or his grandparent etc. 
  without other signs i would n't exactly be freaking out . 
  that being said , just be positive , ask him what things he likes to do and what makes him happy . 
  that you know of . 
  a shower, 
  his parents know about it , let them deal with it . 
  i did n't say it was n't a belief . 
  i just said it adds nothing but complicates things that do n't need complicating . 
  yes it 's okay for men to cry . 
  real men are brave enough to admit when they 're hurt , it 's far tougher than suppressing your feelings . 
  i asked a gay friend of mine who said that it 's a way of signalling to other gay men that they 're gay . 
  as a dog this guy is clearly biassed . 
  umm you have absolutely no idea why he 's doing it based off of that little bit of information . 
  even a trained psychologist would n't make a prediction based off of one occurence . 
  you have no idea about his circumstances , his mental state , his level of cognition , his family history , whether he has been bullied/abused . 
  your conjecture is just stupid . 
  my sister dated a 25 year old guy when she was 15 . 
  they went out for 7 years . 
  i think it 's impossible to divorce the two . 
  firstly , i believe that some level of morality is innate , not in an absolute sense but in the sense that one is defficient if they do n't have any inclination to ever be moral . 
  i see it as a kind of sense instead of an absolute part of one 's self , somewhat akin to one 's sense of self-preservation . 
  everyone has it to differing degrees and different forces make us deviate from that sense . 
  however , it 's impossible to say that morality is n't heavily influence by culture and that culture is n't heavily influenced by the evolving moral zeitgeist . 
  louie armstrong - what a wonderful world . 
  if you want some extra cheesyness listen to the one with kenny g playing over the top of it . 
  would you like to elaborate on your assertion or are you just stating that i 'm wrong without telling me why ? 
  morality is on a continuum though and it 's multi-faceted . 
  all humans ( beyond sociopaths ) have the ability to empathise and share . 
  even if they 're not moral by the standards of a certain culture they can still exhibit moral behaviour . 
  you 're assuming that for morality to exist it must be an externally true morality that all people would abide by . 
  morality is n't that simple and just because people have different standards of morality ( in the same way that different people look after their health to different extents ) does n't mean we do n't have an instinct to empathise and be altruistic . 
  there 's fairly good evidence that small children and chimps both exhibit altruistic and sharing behaviours that imply a basic sense of fairness . 
  that 's just horrible evidence . 
  that 's like me saying we do n't have a survival instinct because so many people are overweight . 
  i accept your forfeit, 
  were n't you leaving ? 
  daddy issues, 
  my so just gave me a tracking anklet , it 's easier . 
  while it 's an interesting post i do n't really get what your question is . 
  i 'd study the exact same thing and be with the exact same person . 
  i just threw up in my mouth a little . 
  fake boobs are n't clearly fake ? 
  make-up is n't clearly fake ? 
  see that upward arrow next to his name ? 
  if you press that it will give him an ` upvote ' indicating you like his answer . 
  citation required, 
  i 'm at work and had 3 hours sleep . 
  did n't realise but you 're probably right . 
  you may find it helpful to talk to a professional about this . 
  unresolved rage can be a real burden emotionally . 
  i typed out a long sarcastic response to that but then deleted it . 
  i think you 're right haha, 
  a panda doing a forward roll, 
  you 're killing more cells when you scratch your nose than aborting a blastocyst . 
  what makes it a life ? 
  the potential for life ? 
  if so , you 've killed billions of potential lives by masturbating or night emissions ( if you do n't masturbate ) . 
  schroedinger 's cat does and does n't walk into a bar . 
  do you know what a freudian slip is ? 
  it 's when you say one thing but mean your mother . 
  i hate chemistry jokes . 
  all the good ones argon, 
  sounds like a very good idea and i wish you the best of luck .
