  part of what you 're referring to is called the [ cocktail party effect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cocktail_party_effect ) . 
  essentially , our attention is selective and while we take in many stimuli at once , our brain works out the most relevant ones and let 's us know if it thinks that somethinng is important . 
  i would think that if your name is uncommon , you would have fewer false positives from hearing your name and it would make the effect more robust . 
  because it was different the universe would be different and you would n't be there to experience that it is different . 
  [ anthropic principle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anthropic_principle ), 
  is this also your biggest pet peeve ? 
  i just love when there 's a psychology question !, 
  damn physicists , biologists and cosmologists hogging all the fun . 
  i was quite ill and took a sleeping pill . 
  i then proceeded to tell my ex-girlfriend about the time i crapped the bed because i 'd taken an extremely strong laxative before going to bed stoned . 
  edit : clarity, 
  while listening to the song/movie/book / play/quote/piece of advice that changed your life ? 
  that reminds me of my best drinking story, 
  i love studying psychology , i could n't imagine doing anything else . 
  what ? 
  this is n't a problem because karma is bad , it 's a problem because some people care too much about it . 
  he cared enough to make a fake post and now people are caring enough to get enraged about it . 
  he tried to get fake points by using a fake picture but not the right kind of fake picture . 
  seriously . 
  this karma whoring outrage is so bizarre because all you 're doing is showing how much ** you ** actually care about the karma they steal . 
  he told me that a lot of the people he treat are people that were failed by western medicine . 
  he certainly does n't denounce western medicine and has told me that he tells some patients to go to a doctor but he thinks it 's flawed as it does n't address fundamental issues that chinese medicine looks at . 
  well , i remember the first 10.5 hours of it . 
  a u s, 
  a u s, 
  hmm not quite as catchy as u s a, 
  sorry , she has a headache, 
  hormonally speaking , there is some difference between how men and women react to sex . 
  women produce far more oxytocin which could be considered an attachment hormone . 
  so in that respect it is correct . 
  however , there is absolutely no proof ( as far as i know ) that it happens more on the first experience and it certainly does n't solely happen the first time . 
  there will probably be more psychological attachment the first time due to it being a very big moment but there 's no hormonal basis . 
  nowhere near an expert myself but they 've talked about this a few times on skeptic 's guide to the universe and it 's bunk according to them . 
  captain righthand was playing hard to get ? 
  this one . 
  let 's say you 're walking home from school and it 's about a 20 minute walk . 
  now , there are probably lots of different ways you can go . 
  you could go through the park where it takes a bit longer but it 's a nicer walk . 
  maybe the quickest way has a loud dog that you do n't like walking past or something like that . 
  you decide that the best thing to do is as you walk home each time , you should take note of which way you go and what was good/bad about it . 
  over time , you 'll start to realise that some ways are better than other and your walk home becomes more efficient . 
  you 've managed to avoid the scary dog but it does n't take you 40 minutes like it does when you go through the park . 
  each time you walk , you 're learning more and more about all the different potential paths and why they 're good or bad . 
  your brain does this with all sorts of things . 
  when you see a girl , your brain remembers all sorts of experiences with girls and based on that , your brain will adjust how you act ( you might want to touch them because of their cooties ) . 
  these rules you make for yourself , based on experience , are called heuristics . 
  this is one aspect . 
  the other side of it is that it 's a sign that what you 've been saying is interesting or funny . 
  does n't it feel nice when people laugh at your joke or think you 've told a great story ? 
  if you upvote my post , it means that you think i 've added something valuable , that 's a nice feeling . 
  ctrl-f , ctrl-f . upvoted, 
  brilliant . 
  thank you kindly sir . 
  macroeconomics tells you what rational people in a closed system do . 
  behavioural economics tells you that people are n't rational . 
  i went xian but only because chopping heads off is so god damn fun, 
  i spoke to a clinical psychologist who has studied but does n't practice hypnotherapy . 
  he explained it to me as essentially a form of guided meditation . 
  well , unless they got no food/drink, 
  in soviet russia , hot girl inside you, 
  as a related add-on ( even though it was n't asked ) . 
  paul bloom talks about watching sad movies as a way of empathetically learning to experience complex and/or painful emotions in safe way . 
  sadness is functional in that it tells us something is wrong , like pain . 
  however , it 's much more complicated than physical pain which is ( partly ) why there are issues like depression . 
  clearly it 's all a malicious attempt to steal that precious , precious karma and it 's not at all possible that two people on the internet found the same funny picture and that op did n't see every single item on r/funny in the last 4 months . 
  holy shit , that gif has sound . 
  if it did n't exist , how would people feel self-righteous about reposts ? 
  totally agree with this . 
  i managed to scrape my way into the university course i wanted to go to but it takes time and practice to learn lots of skills you develop in high school . 
  it 's really hard work developing them now . 
  he was on american masterchef where his persona was much milder . 
  all 12 viewers saw a different side of him . 
  to be fair , it 's unlikely he saw that post . 
  it had almost no upvotes and was a week ago . 
  it 's only because still_not_sleeping was the guy who made the other post . 
  also , i 'm certain that he was n't the first person to make a post about this . 
  ca n't ... stop ... thinking ... about ... waterfalls, 
  except that the contestants are 10x more skilled on the australian one, 
  it 's also worth considering the effect of [ embodied cognition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/embodied_cognition ) . 
  lots of interesting recent studies on it too although i ca n't think of any specifically on heart pain . 
  it 's very difficult to operationally define . 
  it can be studied in a few different ways but it depends on the definition . 
  one 's natural position should be skepticism until they see proof . 
  there 's a difference between a medicine-based question and medical advice . 
  he did n't ask how much soy milk he should drink , he asked if there is research on the effects of soy milk . 
  while it 's a very important rule , i do n't think it applies here . 
  modern medicine, 
  it 's clearly fake if you look at the crowd reaction . 
  do you really think they 'd golfclap that ? 
  i 'm kind of disappointed in the implied arrogance of a lot of these responses . 
  scientists are n't super-enlighted people that are good at everything they do because they understand the scientific method . 
  i strongly believe that political discourse could be improved by a better understanding of science but assuming that scientists would be good politicians just because they 're good at science is kind of ludicrous . 
  i get that in modern times it looks like anyone could be president but it 's a really , really , really hard job requiring advanced skills in many areas . 
  do n't make the mistake of believing that politicians are dumb because you think that they 're making x , y or z decision wrong . 
  definitely . 
  i 'm doing psychology because i 'm patient about it . 
  i could do the same amount of study ( 400 years ) and get paid much better money . 
  ps : studies show that lottery winner 's happiness regress to mean within about a year . 
  money does n't mean much as long as you can buy your needs and do n't have to worry about it all the time . 
  brain bugs by dean buonomano,
