  he decided he wanted to stay with us and of course we jumped at the opportunity . 
  it 's terrible the way it turned out but of course we 're going to go after our guy if he says he wants to stay . '', 
  how not to make things worse . 
  log on to the live realm , there 's a countdown . 
  i tried to lay it on so thick that no one would need the / s at the end but i guess this * is * the internet, 
  that 's a good idea / s, 
  fw : re : fw : fw : fw : this is so funny !!, 
  yeah but this is a blurry screenshot of text so obviously funnier . 
  yeah , my terrible cheap laptop could n't really run poe before . 
  downgraded my settings from that post and it 's playable now . 
  yay . 
  noob question - what do i need to do to use that ? 
  i think the logic is totally sound . 
  that 's why we have our current asylum seeker policy , do n't want north korea to think our human rights are decadent . 
  why ? 
  how does it affect anyone 's life if these people get internet points for giving people content they clearly like ? 
  it 's a karmalopoly, 
  i know this is two months late but i work on a crisis line and definitely could have called back and complained . 
  that person should not be working on a help line . 
  i 'm so sorry you were treated so poorly . 
  abbott really streisanded her into being relevant . 
  obviously she was important before but a lot more people are aware of her now . 
  which is a really dumb goal . 
  if i 'm a celebrity , why not use twitter/facebook where i 'm instantly special and stand out as opposed to reddit where i have to yell over other people ? 
  maybe some enjoy using it anyway and stay around but it 's a silly goal long term . 
  the important thing is that i should be able to make fun of fat people . 
  feelings are stupid . 
  if people get offended by what i say that 's their problem . 
  the only times feelings matter is when you say that i ca n't say something because that makes me sad . 
  the overarching concern many people had during the whole ellen saga was that decisions were being made for the sake of short term profitability in exchange for changing the community feel of reddit . 
  while some of those claims were obviously silly , overall it does feel like you are moving in that direction . 
  now , i know you have hired someone who has said that they 're more community focused but ellen also said in her resignation that she was asked to hit unattainable growth goals . 
  so , my question is , what message is management receiving from the board about the future direction of reddit ? 
  are you more focused on marketability of the product or improving the quality of the reddit experience ? 
  exactly my point . 
  unless you 're on reddit because you like the content , there 's no reason to be here as a celebrity . 
  the far better method of getting celebrities is good content . 
  that 's why zach and chris hardwick and verne etc are here . 
  as a 20 year old middle class white male , i have been oppressed for too long, 
  time to shut down the defaults in protest . 
   a tired meme that alludes to domestic violence, 
  ftfy, 
  i know people hate tanking but i think rookie super teams are fun as hell to watch . 
  i want to see a team of future superstars trying to work it out together . 
   pretty big, 
  to some extent yes . 
  i think she was hired , by the board , with the specific goal of moneitizing reddit better . 
  understandably , the users did n't like it but i think it was more a function of the goals she was given than her failing as a ceo . 
  not to say that she handled everything perfectly but i honestly believe it was more of a board issue than an ellen issue . 
  i 've been screaming that we need better harassment policies for ages . 
  i think that when you allow people to act like assholes , you ruin the experience for other users . 
  i 'd rather alienate a bunch of people who get their jollies from making fun of fat people than have people leave because reddit is a toxic environment . 
  in short , i care more about the rights of people to enjoy a harassment free reddit experience than the rights of assholes to be assholes to other people . 
  they had already done that before the resignation . 
  i think the message that the board got about what the mods/users expectations are did though . 
  amageddon is still my favourite . 
   srs and srd on their best day are worse than fph was on their worst day . 
  you ca n't honestly believe that . 
  [ better 3 point shooter ] ( http://streamable.com/241q ), 
  i have no idea if you 're being serious or not . 
  rip in peace, 
  this is one of the many , many forms of a [ prisoner 's dilemma ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prisoner%27s_dilemma ) . 
  if you 're interested in this sort of stuff , the area is called [ game theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/game_theory ) . 
  it 's useful in a wide range of social science fields . 
  such an underrated show . 
  yup . 
  / r/science mod here . 
  we would definitely shut down if we lost the ability to remove pseudoscience . 
  without a doubt . 
  that 's such a nice d * ck , i really want to touch it . 
   while potentially not his fault, 
  almost certainly his fault . 
  i just hope it 's done properly and not as a witch hunt . 
  royal commissions and and inquiries like these should n't be for political point scoring . 
  kiss the shit out of my son and wife and then record a video telling my son how much i love him . 
  what would you do with the other 29 and a half ? 
  proceed to spend the next 30 minutes trying to get proof so the mods let you post it . 
  forums can be pretty toxic . 
  just have fun and play the game however you enjoy . 
  fuck the haters , it 's a game , enjoy yourself . 
  i 'm playing dual flame totem and having a ball . 
  very smart solution . 
  make sure player can still progress to merciless but keep merciless [ final boss ] as an extremely challenging fight . 
  it does n't block any content so that 's fine . 
  interesting that the herald sun went after the libs here . 
  i guess the only thing the herald sun loves more than pandering to conservatives is helping old people complain about utility prices . 
  i see you also play on potato quality . 
  since getting old he gives worse defense than a court appointed attorney . 
  i 'd say he has all the personality of a block of cheese but at least cheese can grown mold . 
  no matter how many rings he wins , no matter how many mvps , delonte west still fucked his mom . 
  is funny compared to nba analysts and a good analyst when compared to comedians . 
  i 'd call him washed up but that 's an insult to my dishes . 
  i do n't think you understand how subtlety works . 
  depends if kobe plays . 
  a lot of good young guys but there are also fewer teams tanking this year . 
  cleave with a dagger/claw/mace mainhand is the only way i can think of . 
  i have very little faith in the board/ceo/alexis and future direction of reddit . 
  i have a lot of concerns , really . 
  but , i have a lot of faith and both / u/krispykrackers and / u/deimorz are really good at what they do and both genuinely care . 
  i do n't know the others yet .
