  similar to your story op : first work drinks with a bunch of co-workers ( about 10 of us ) and we were all buying rounds . 
  it gets to my shout and i 'm about 7 pints in and very , very drunk . 
  i remembered trying a fairy bomb recently and liking it ( jager bomb but with absinthe instead ) so i thought for my round i 'd buy it for everyone , not really thinking that they 're a little bit more expensive than beers . 
  cost me $ 150, 
  answer the first inane answer i can think of to new questions in askreddit . 
  by having better taste, 
  as an australian i feel qualified to answer this . 
  a lot of the common big ones here are n't dangerous but give you a hell of a fright . 
  generally though , if you find a spider you * try * and catch it in something so you can let it out without killing it , if not you find a shoe . 
  yeh but everyone just ignores jordan, 
  a sober man 's thoughts are a drunk man 's actions, 
  `` holy shit , i 'm going to need some lube . '', 
  no-one in psych places freud on a pedestal , you 're wrong . 
  i am a psych student and we learn about freud for historical purposes but everyone is taught cbt ( cognitive behavioural therapy ) and to a lesser extent psychodynamic theories . 
  psychoanalysis is rare it 's quite different to what freud said . 
  edit : that being said ; his psychosocial stages of development actually provided a really good template for the neuroplastic critical periods in childhood and some modern , very well respected neuroscientists ( doidge writes about this a bit in `` the brain that changes itself '' - a phenomenal book ) think that he was to some extent right but his understand was slightly off . 
  yeh but it did n't help you be less anxious about giving up your poo though . 
  because newton was still great for coming up with gravity even though he did n't understand special relativity . 
  what freud added was the understanding that unconscious processes are partially responsible for our happiness and mental well-being , this is a huge gift . 
  what are you doing your research on ? 
  i 'm still 2 years away from my phd, 
  damn you !, 
  i change about every week but i think i want to do research on tmt at the moment . 
  i love mortality salience and think it 's a brilliant and underused concept, 
  tell your mum again and tell her that it 's really serious and really upsetting you . 
  can you tell your dad about it ? 
  dude ... come on, 
  oooo do me , do me, 
  fat nerd guys do n't like to think of themselves as fat nerd guys, 
  it 's not something i 'm personally into but my two best friends both have asian girlfriends ( white australians ) . 
  i think for nerdier guys asian girls are less intimidating . 
  but the point is that she needs to understand that it 's a really big deal and it 's more important that you 're safe than he does n't get in trouble . 
  matt damon in jessica alba 's body ( pre-child ), 
  go on ... say yours, 
  it 's unhealthy but it 's not that bad to drink diet coke . 
  her calories are pretty spot on for a girl too ( although it depends a bit on current weight/height ) . 
  you should be having about 1500 calories . 
  how to turn caps lock off, 
  my sister, 
  wait a minute so that girl on virgin sluts xxi was n't actually a virgin ? 
  ever been so drunk ... 
  used a live mouse trap to catch a mouse , looked at it 3 days later and there were 4 dead mice in there and 1 alive one that was eating the faces of the dead ones . 
  thanks mate , that 's literally the best compliment i 've ever received . 
  you know you 're desperate for porn when ... 
  drink water , it will make a bigger difference to your hangover than staying awake longer, 
  glitter, 
  we love his show about drag queens, 
  but why would i do that when i can passive-aggressively complain about it on the internet ? 
  instead of being on reddit and watching qi i 'd be watching qi . 
  dart board . 
  if you do n't get one the darts will make holes in the wall . 
  in fact , it would be irresponsible not to . 
  [ this ] ( http://zeq2.com/lite/forums/files/funny_cat_202.gif ), 
  seriously , we had a fuck load of mice and i had to clean out the trap and re-use it to catch more . 
  they seriously eat the heads of dead ones and the mutilated head would stick to the bottom of the trap . 
  shit with the door open, 
  tin tin, 
  e ) do n't be a dick and just say that you did n't mean to offend her, 
  i 'm still trying to convince my so that crash bandicoot is a good name . 
  i. ... uhh ... 
  i 'll need a minute here, 
  do n't forget to tip your waitress, 
  related : i did n't go through with it but went to a whorehouse once and the hooker said `` you look clean so i 'd suck your balls too if you want that '' . 
  i was so touched . 
  because you raise money and that money goes to research, 
  never ... that 's what my girlfriend is for, 
  had same experience the first time . 
  different girl did it and it was amazing , she has to be gentle . 
  i understand where you 're coming from but generally i get way more angry at the parents , especially when they 're young . 
  i think having an obese kid is a form of child abuse and it has been really , really difficult to retrain myself and lose weight after being overfed growing up ( i 'm still fighting although i 've lost about 50kg ) . 
  i 'm not saying that i bear no responsibility but kids learn how to behave and what to do from their parents , their tastes are formed and they become used to eating a certain amount of food . 
  honestly , seeing someone really overweight just makes me feel sad because i know how hard it can be . 
  frank p awesome, 
  because it 's a very addictive behaviour and it 's hard to stop . 
  from a psychological perspective ; people are terrible at assessing future risk/reward and will ** heavily ** overestimate current pleasure/suffering as opposed to future pleasure/suffering, 
  ( 21 ) cock ring but i broke it trying to put it on . 
  second was lube , trust me it 's worth getting the expensive stuff . 
  advertising revenue, 
  [ awesomeness ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udhxciac23k ), 
  so , a guy on the internet does n't look at the ads ? 
  that 's pretty damning journalistic work there . 
  if that 's the only way to get news people will learn to deal with the ads ( in the same way that we got used to youtube ads ) . 
  if people make better models then we 'll get used to that . 
  nice try sonic marketing guy, 
  oh sorry ma'am did n't mean to bump into you, 
  you should not be a douche and let your friend live his own life, 
  `` i 'll call you '', 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/search?q=pet+peeve&amp;restrict_sr=on ), 
  it 'll be much more creative if you think of something personal . 
  what do you know about her ? 
  i was using like a silicone one but i 'm pretty thick so i managed to get it on and it was fucking unpleasant then i tried to adjust it and it snapped . 
  i also get really annoyed when people do n't understand the difference between literally and figuratively . 
  i 'm looking at you op . 
  being a friend is telling them what they do n't want to hear sometimes ( op already did ) and then supporting them regardless of what they choose . 
  you 're not being a friend if you try to force your friend to leave someone , you 're being a dick . 
  so do something that 's personal . 
  what 's something she likes or something she 's talked about ? 
  if you think of an activity that she 's talked to you about it will tell her that you care and that you listen and a smart choice can be way more romantic or special than a really expensive restaurant . 
  tell people that you 're shy if you get the opportunity , honestly most will find it refreshing because they 're worrying about what you think about them . 
  find a way to fit into conversation that you 're naturally quiet or shy and they 'll know what to expect and the nice ones will actually make more effort to involve you .
