  especially because ` habit ' is a very general term . 
  i have a habit of salivating when i see food . 
  that certainly is n't irrational . 
  as for why they 're so hard to overcome , it depends on the type of habit and why it happens . 
  if you bite your nails because you do n't have sufficient anxiety coping mechanisms then stopping the action without addressing the issue will be likely difficult and unhelpful . 
  whereas , if you 're often late because you do n't plan ahead , there ( generally ) is n't an underlying cause beyond lack of organisation and is * easier * to fix . 
  i know you do n't but these are just important questions . 
  also , please remember that they 've heard all of the easy advice you 've just thought of . 
  do n't go into their page and start giving advice or telling them how to ` get over it ' because that does n't help . 
  the posts of support are lovely though and i 'm sure they 're appreciated . 
  nice try , furiously masturbating 13 year old . 
  taken out for my birthday ( by my so ) this year . 
  entree - smoked duck breast with pate , duck terrine and brioche, 
  main - crispy fried baby barramundi with mud crab , kaffir lime & coconut curry, 
  dessert - hazelnut parfait with milk chocolate ganache and frangelico jelly, 
  i 've only been on a couple of times but [ this ] ( http://www.spring.org.uk/ ) was recommended to me by a social psychology lecturer . 
  no thanks . 
  there 's an immense satisfaction in monogamy and having a certain vulnerability that you only share with the woman you love . 
  that 's a terrible strategy . 
  masturbate lots the same day to last longer . 
  after a quick search it seems like nothing . 
  it 's related to anxiety . 
  you have to remember that anxiety evolved in a situation where it was a matter of life or death ( that 's a lion , i better get into gear ) . 
  when your brains reacts to that stress it tries to make you ready for dealing with dangerous situations and sleep is a bad thing to do in the face of imminent danger . 
  from a chemical perspective , the reason is that your brain over-produces cortisol and that impacts on sleep . 
  thanks, 
  you think so ? 
  what about that thing she does with her tongue ? 
  do n't say that !, 
  i like kissing her , it 's not a job . 
  religion is a * type * of philosophy . 
  the tides go in and out because you 're fucking in it ? 
  how vigorously do you fuck ? 
  i think you 're making an unnecessary distinction between what you see and what you imagine . 
  if i look at something , my brain processes it and turns it into neural signals that my brain interprets , trying to make a cogent picture of reality ( note : we do n't experience everything our eyes see and our brain also fills in the gaps - consider running down a hallway compared to watching someone use a camera while running down a hallway ) . 
  when you imagine an object , you 're using your memory to create an imperfect representation of what the object is . 
  the only difference is that the image is sourced from a different place . 
  and i really ca n't believe it 's not butter, 
  his dad is a bat ? 
  you forgot ` being a douchebag ' . 
  click [ here ] ( http://www.gifbin.com/bin/1233937204_a428689.gif ) if too bummed out . 
  i 've been told by a psychologist that a few days without sleep and you start risking psychosis . 
  while that psychosis may not be permanent , it could start a big snowball of problems . 
  personally , i eat skittles with my wrists anyway so it 's all good, 
  to my understanding , no respected theological historian claims proof that a historical jesus existed . 
  that does n't mean that he certainly did n't but there is no evidence that he did . 
  so you 're the one to spam with hate pms if the maintenance does n't go as planned ? 
  who reads reddit posts ? 
  i 'm waiting for the imgur version . 
  we could just be respectful and downvote anyone who does n't directly answer the question ... just sayin ', 
  to be completely nonsensical , i think that op needs to grow a bear . 
  it 's very simple . 
  no-one in their right mind would start a relationship with someone who stops a date because he does n't want to pay $ 5 . 
  so she wants to keep doing it, 
  those are long-term problems associated with repeated arousal . 
  one stressful response is n't bad for you . 
  chrome, 
  also , it 's important to note that almost all psychological disorders exist on a continuum as one can be normally functioning while exhibiting elements of different disorders ( everyone has dissociative elements to their personality , are depressed at times etc. ) . 
  if you whipped out the dsm and tried to work out how many half disorders you had you would go insane . 
   psychologists are careful to define mental illnesses as inherently negative to avoid this issue . 
  that 's not * quite * right . 
  normally something goes from being a trait/habit etc. 
  to a pathology if it 's persistent ( one day of depression does n't mean you 're depressed ) , maladaptive and/or distressing . 
  call the police station you filed the report with , tell them what happened and ask them how they think you should proceed . 
  you 're a mexican apple thief . 
  i run the cider house . 
  i catch you hiding behind the stone mill . 
  you chase me into the tasting room . 
  oh , if there 's a crow in there : fine . 
  if not . . 
  i can live with it . 
  anyway , we 're all alone and you do n't speak a word of english , but you teach me more about hard cider than i ever learned from my fermenting exams and our passion is so loud that they can hear it all the way in the distillery . 
  i was just clarifying your point . 
  saying something is ` inherently negative ' is not useful from a diagnostic standpoint . 
  just because he 's a liar that does n't mean he has mental disabilities . 
   drive over with a weapon and take it back, 
  nothing could possibly go wrong with this plan . 
  i do n't really know why you 're persisting with this . 
  i was n't telling you that you were wrong i was just clarifying what you were saying and providing a bit of extra information for people who do n't know much about mental illness . 
  i was n't arguing that persistent behaviours that are n't maladaptive or distressing are mental illnesses , those three factors are just the elements looked at when discussing whether something is a trait/behaviour or a disorder ( to different degrees based on which disorder it is ) . 
  that completely depends on how much they earn, 
  great expectations, 
  take cover boys , this downvote bomb is going to explode, 
  yet ( s ) he still complains about the level of content . 
  i do n't care about karma itself but if you have 17 link karma you can be fairly certaint that the person is n't contributing anything of interest . 
  i just think that complaining about lack of content is boring and if you do n't like it , find a more obscure subreddit or produce something better yourself . 
  if you ca n't , maybe you should realise that reddit goes through an obscene amount of content and not everything can be seen by everyone . 
  you forgot ; 6 . 
  get arrested for stealing the other guy 's bike because you have no proof and/or the op may be wrong about it being his bike ( i mean , no two bikes look the same and all ) . 
  do n't let logic get in the way of his fantasy, 
  i do n't care about karma . 
  i care about complaining when you 're not contributing . 
  i do n't think less of you for having 8 link karma , i would think less of you if you had 8 link karma and complained about the content when not contributing any of your own . 
  just for the sake of clarity since this is often misunderstood : evolution does n't tell us how life started on earth , it only tells us how single-celled organisms became complex life . 
  note : i realise it was unclear whether you were suggesting that from your response but thought it could n't hurt to post it anyway . 
  it 's called abiogenesis and while there are theories , we still do n't really know how it all started . 
  i accept that man evolved from single-celled organisms and that the origin of those organisms is unclear , even though there are some solid theories - [ abiogenesis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abiogenesis#current_models ) . 
  however , i do n't claim knowledge that i do n't have so i 'm not going to pretend i know anything beyond that because i ca n't know . 
  do n't look . 
  do n't do it .
