  in such a short statement there 's so much misogyny and so much contempt for people . 
  i 'm sorry ** if anyone was offended ** . 
  what a jackass . 
   trumpster fire, 
  ftfy, 
   maybe they 'll try pretending trump is a democrat like they did mark foley ... 
  well it 's not a coincidence that it 's happening now as it looks like he does n't have a chance to win anymore . 
   who the fuck let trump make that statement ? 
  that was him in front of a teleprompter . 
  it was literally the best they had . 
  such a short statement says so much . 
  far more egregious than the non-apology is that he still thinks joking about sexually assaulting women is okay . 
  he legitimately finds nothing * worth * apologising for in talking about how he likes to violate women without their consent . 
  he 's not just being a misogynist or an asshole , he 's being a sociopath . 
  such a short statement says so much . 
  far more egregious than the non-apology is that he still thinks joking about sexually assaulting women is okay . 
  he legitimately finds nothing * worth * apologising for in talking about how he likes to violate women without their consent . 
  he 's not just being a misogynist or an asshole , he 's being a sociopath . 
  it 's only fitting that they need to take this campaign to full term . 
  also , let 's not pretend for a second that this is because they all of a sudden learned something new about trump . 
  this is people distancing themselves from someone politically radioactive because he [ finally offended republican voters ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2016/10/the_horror_is_everything_the_gop_could_tolerate_about_trump.html ) and was clearly tanking in the polls beforehand . 
  fuck every single republican who endorsed him and is now trying to pretend to take the high road . 
  and did they all endorse someone they knew nothing about or are they pretending that anything on that tape is even mildly out of character ? 
   so there it was . 
  the republican nominee for president of the united states has promised to imprison his opponent if he wins the election . 
  `` this is what happens in dictatorships , '' wrote the new york times ' max fisher . 
  `` not democracies . '', 
  most people do n't really understand what 's going on in syria . 
  i 'm a psychologist and one of my areas of study is prejudice . 
  even as someone who is academically aware of subtle gender biases , i have been astounded by the magnitude and severity of the role gender has played in this election . 
  i know academically that women who are competent tend to been seen as less warm ( read : likeable ) and that this effect is magnified in traditionally male roles but i 've genuinely been stunned by how hillary has been treated and how similar it seems to be to the experience of so many women in my life . 
  i really hope that other progressive men have taken a lot of note about how much subtle prejudice women face constantly and are also learning from this . 
  the edgiest of edgy comments , commenting on the edgiest of subjects . 
  bravo . 
  now that 's a meal ticket . 
  see that ludicrous display last night ? 
  it tells us is that he has no ability to distinguish between casual conversation about women and bragging about sexual assault . 
  just let that sink in . 
  to him , and anyone else calling it locker talk , there is no difference between `` dude , that chick is hot '' and `` i like to grab women 's genitals without their consent '' . 
  does n't that tell you something really disturbing about how they see women ? 
  it 's telling that none disavowed him because of a muslim , mexican or black person they knew . 
  is it possible to * actually * overdose on schadenfreude ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  you have a very good sense of perspective and likely get your news for extremely reliable sources . 
  i [ do n't approve of his women hating policies but i do agree with his minority hating policies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9adxrz42yw ) . 
  you mean clicker !, 
  i was n't brave enough to try and spell it . 
  locker room attempted rape obviously . 
  just go back to the hole you climbed out of . 
  do n't you fucking dare try to equate media beat up scandals with attempted fucking rape . 
  if only someone would call him, 
  ( not so ) fun fact , the psychology literature has shown consistently that women can be either seen as warm ( read : likeable ) or competent . 
  if you 're competent , people do n't like you as much , if you 're friendly , you 're seen as less capable . 
  we also know that this effect is especially profound in typically male roles . 
  to be clear , this is n't because people having these perceptions are horrible misogynists . 
  it 's called implicit bias and we all have it , just to varying degrees and on different topics . 
  the point is that anyone with a cursory knowledge of the person perception literature could have told you that this is the exact battle hillary would face . 
  exactly . 
  people pretend like this is a perfect opponent for her . 
  sure , it 's great in that trump is exploding but her biggest strength is her immense policy knowledge/skill and she has had zero chance to actually play to her strengths . 
  he has made this entire campaign about mudslinging and conspiracy theories and for good reason - he does n't know the first thing about policy and she 's obscenely skilled . 
  he should change his slogan to gary `` consensual '' johnson, 
  yes , so she can commit treason funneling money into a charity she takes no income from . 
  if you ca n't tell a difference between the two candidates that says far more about your ability to reason than either of their qualities . 
  imagine someone so disgusting that they had to sexually assault women to get what they wanted . 
  now * that * would be pathetic . 
  follow up , which character would look best with an awesome red cardigan ? 
  the grope are getting what they deserve . 
  the grope are getting what they deserve . 
  someone with a spine needed to stand up to the fox newsing of the party but they were too scared to alienate their base by saying crazy things like `` do n't say obama was born overseas that 's insane '' and actually mean it . 
  exactly . 
  trump came and said through a bullhorn what they 've been saying with dogwhistles for decades . 
  i do n't think they 're solely responsible for the type of people voting for trump but they have done a lot to lower the discourse in a way that made it possible . 
  it 's american psycho and european vampire extra in the background of a blade movie, 
  i 'm not the first or the last to notice it . 
  haha yeah after he created a monster by feeding into it . 
  go away, 
  poor guy , between all the ( ( ( media ) ) ) and those damn poll riggers he just ca n't catch a break , even against someone as physically unsuited for the presidency as hillary . 
  all he wants to do is go after illegal immigrants with extreme vetting and deal with all those terrorists . 
  pretty sure a dog went deaf from those two sentences . 
  that economic anxiety !, 
  poor little things , they 're not racist/homophobic/sexist / islamophobic , they 're suffering from the terrible disease * economic anxiety * that just makes you say/think/feel all of those things . 
  both are gross . 
  you genuinely ca n't see a difference ? 
  wow, 
  i see your white riot and raise you a [ taking trump voters ' concerns seriously means listening to what they 're actually saying ] ( http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2016/10/15/13286498/donald-trump-voters-race-economic-anxiety ), 
  eh , todd `` legitimate rape '' aiken still got 40 % of the vote . 
  that just seems to be the benchmark for proportion of people that will put up with almost anything to vote republican and/or genuinely do n't value the well-being of others . 
  my god ... he caught economic anxiety ... 
  it 's probably because they can see putin 's hand in trump 's campaign from there . 
   the worst is that he 's declaring this as a fact to his supporters , this is dangerous, 
  i know it has become almost a trope to laugh about how many disqualifying things he has said but if you step back for a moment and consider the gravity of these statements coming from a presidential candidate it 's genuinely galling . 
  this should be enough to end any campaign . 
  some sort of `` second amendment '' solution ? 
  it 's obviously false flag charity . 
  if you ca n't see any difference between trump and clinton it says more about your ability to reason than anything else . 
  not from your country . 
  i actually voted third party in australia where we have a really intelligent and progressive greens party . 
  swing and a miss buddy . 
  you seem really angry .
