  here 's my rule of thumb : if you would n't be able to tell your so about it without her getting mad , you probably should n't be doing it . 
  i think it bugs because i 've submitted so many posts too ( it sorts them first and even if i use res to scroll all the way through , the comments are n't sorted ) . 
  ps : it 's no secret that i want yours, 
  not the last time i checked, 
  your poor liver, 
  damn , i ca n't even remember what they were now . 
  ps : i never do, 
  it causes a lot of health issues already , if you do n't eat in moderation . 
  my dieting habits would n't change at all because i do n't over-indulge in meat as it is . 
  the friend zone is n't a thing . 
  she just does n't like you in that way . 
  over time , feelings can change and intimacy can grow and some people do go from friends to more . 
  you were n't trapped in some invisible box until then , she just did n't like you in that way . 
  believe it or not , women can be attracted to your personality without wanting to fuck you . 
  does n't really sound worth it to me . 
  why would i feel guilty about fapping ? 
  dude ... you need * some * boundaries . 
  being sex-positive is great but let kids be kids . 
  false . 
  british people are n't the only ones that realise americans do n't know how to spell . 
  not at all . 
  i would assume that it was either a dream or a hallucination unless i had very , very strong evidence to suggest otherwise . 
  2 easy ones :, 
  you 're = you are , your = belonging to you . 
  affect = verb , effect = noun, 
  if you have any sense of morality i implore you to not go into alternative medicine . 
  it kills people , plain and simple . 
  if you choose to , always remember that you were warned but you chose to do it anyway because you care about money more than people . 
  protip : freeze it first, 
  it probably sounds like the vast majority of your brain - the subnconscious part . 
  it may be fascinating but it 's incredibly false . 
  provide me a link to any credible source and i 'll be incredibly surprised . 
  let me start by saying well done for admitting you want to make a change , the first step is already out of the way . 
  start slowly , your body is n't used to it . 
  get on a treadmill and just walk . 
  if you walk for 20 minutes and that 's all you can do , that 's fantastic , you 're 20 minutes closer to your goals !, 
  if you hurt yourself or push yourself so hard that you never want to go back , it 's not worth it . 
  get some good music or a nice podcast/audiobook and just have fun !, 
  your kids will have plenty of time to worry about sex and sexuality in puberty , you got ta let kids be kids a little bit . 
  you make an outrageous claim that goes in the face of everything i learned in my psychology degree and then when i ask for proof you say you ca n't be assed ? 
  i did google bornheimer btw , nothing of note came up . 
  you did n't give me the name of the theory, 
  completely agree with you there . 
  there 's a middle-ground though . 
  you can wait for appropriate times and still be sex-positive . 
  nothing remotely like what you said showing up . 
  i eagerly await your evidence . 
  `` i told you i was sick '', 
  it really just depends on your level of fitness . 
  if you 're not getting benefit out of regular walking , you should mix up your routine and throw some intervals in there . 
  this is all dependant on your level of fitness though . 
  for example , i do a workout where i follow this format : 4 minutes of high pace ( treadmill/x-trainer etc. 
  ) , 1 set of explosive exercises ( squat jumps , burpees , chin-ups etc. 
  ) , 1 minute of recovery and just repeat that over and over . 
  if i make it to 30minutes i 'm ecstatic . 
  please though , do n't do anything out of your comfort zone . 
  if you want to start making it harder , jog for a minute out of every 5 and make small incremental improvements . 
  i like that, 
  i know your intentions are probably good but these people never consented to have their pictures posted on the net, 
  most of those tools are very likely to give you fake memories . 
  beyond cued recall ( looking at things that might remind you of memories ) they do n't really exist . 
  i would n't . 
  it 's one thing to be an asshole , it 's another to pull your friends/siblings into it . 
   cheating is a sign of some serious deprivation within a relationship . 
  not always . 
  some people just have no respect/care for their partner/relationship . 
  that can be because of relationship issues but it can also be because that person is an asshole . 
  sometimes, 
  as an australian , i 'm genuinely proud of our cheapness . 
  he was serious and if you have a hot sister it 's likely an ex/current bf has done that to you . 
  if you 're having suicidal ideation , no matter what your future career plans are , you need to go speak to a psych ** ologist ** . 
  depression is a disease and if you do n't get treatment , it can get much , much worse . 
  right now , your only priority is getting well . 
  i give blood every 3 months ( as often as you 're allowed here ) . 
  in exchange for a small amount of my time and minimal discomfort i can save several lives . 
  how fucking brilliant is that ? 
  next time i go i 'm signing up to be a bone marrow donor . 
  i 'm a bit more scared about that but i think of it this way ; if i was walking across the road and saw someone about to be hit by a car and knew ( for a fact ) that i could save them and only receive minor discomfort in return , i would n't hesitate to do it . 
  such an epic failure on so many levels . 
  i have sooo many other questions too :, 
  1 ) how did he write an 80,000 word novel without his wife knowing/wanting to read it . 
  2 ) how long did it take to write ? 
  3 ) is it literally just like a diary where he charts everything they did together or did he create some storyline about him leaving his wife and ending up with her ? 
  4 ) has she been with women before or is this a sudden change ? 
  5 ) what did he think would happen when he showed her ? 
  6 ) does he plan on leaving his wife since this other woman is no longer an option ? 
  is that why there are so many homo-erotic undertones between sam and frodo ? 
  it all makes so much sense now . 
  the volcano obviously represents her genitals and the ring is , well , her ring . 
  i found meaningless sex pretty boring pretty quickly . 
  i think some people are definitely more wired for relationships than others and i 'm so glad i realised i 'm a relationship guy . 
  even when times are hard , i could n't imagine not being with my so . 
  i am straight and dress badly . 
  australia : where you call your mates a cunt and a cunt your mate . 
  til, 
  i. . . do n't know, 
  put up a sign asking if anyone else uses reddit . 
  while you 're at it , you might find some like-minded people who also use google !, 
  there was a post asking if anyone wanted to be a mod . 
  i said that as i spend all my time on askreddit anyway they might as well and now i get the pleasure of volunteering my time with the only reward being the warm glow of hatred from everyone .
