  my joke was that i have a small penis . 
  it 's not at all the same joke . 
  edit : he deleted his post . 
  i win ? 
  '' * that was the joke * '', 
  9/10 sir . 
  just phenomenal play, 
  reddit has a huge community and if it gets to the front page it just means that enough people on that day , who had n't seen the picture enjoyed it . 
  the karma system does what is intended . 
  you may consider yourself an internet master who has seen every pic ever invented but clearly people upvoting it have n't . 
  [ oh my god ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ezejae4wym ), 
  * worst ... night ... ever *, 
  shermer wrote in one of his books about oprah 's editing , it did n't seem to hurt her career . 
  i think you 'd need to jump out of the closet first, 
  please show me your cock . 
  no homo, 
  it 's not just okay to be takei , it 's awesome to be takei, 
  where ? 
  where ? 
  while it 's pretty lame what happened . 
  i have to admit some of them were pretty funny . 
  we should keep trying to get rid of the fakes but does n't take away some good laughs i had from a couple of those threads . 
  kudos for a few well made fakes ( a couple were terrible though - especially the pickpocket ), 
  i said no homo, 
  simpsons did it, 
  probably a poor choice of words, 
  i did n't read this comic but i thoroughly enjoyed the pictures, 
  did she downvote this ? 
  we got bombed a little in ww2 but yes , most of the time our army has been used is helping out other people . 
  i do n't really understand your point though . 
  did not know this, 
   `` an admirer of the great adolph [ sic ] hitler '', 
   `` i do n't understand why liberals are pro muslim and pro gay when muslims kill gays . 
  it 's confusing to me . 
  the only thing i can come up with is muslims hate god and the gays hate his word . '', 
  i think we won that round, 
  i do n't think special skills are a requirement to find this douchebag despicable . 
  [ ] ( / perfect ), 
  the calmer you stay , the calmer your son will stay . 
  he 's 3 years old and will take your cues . 
  tell him everything is okay and for his sake try to mean it . 
  but she caught me with a collar ( it was n't me ), 
   troll creepy uncle, 
  ftfy, 
  to be fair ; he was typing it one-handed, 
  [ ] ( / troll `` are you saying gay people and losers and indistinguishable ? '' ), 
  redditor for over 9 months , just enough time to have a little closetohome ... 
  this game is banned in australia . 
  to say i hate the australian christian lobby is a severe understatement, 
  edit : mortal kombat is also banned for being too violent . 
  [ ] ( / yey `` always worth it though '' ), 
  just for him ? 
  correct . 
  there was one large study that suggested it caused autism . 
  since then , the study has been rejected over and over , evidence has been found that the results were tampered with and the guy who conducted the study lost his medical liscence ( ca n't remember his name sorry ) . 
  there is 0 evidence that vaccinations hurt a baby, 
  or just find a random picture of a fat dude from the internet ( preferably the same colour skin as you ) and say it 's the before picture . 
  he did n't even leave any time for working out which seat to take on friday, 
   huppy anzuc duy rught back at you r/newziland, 
  ftfy, 
  do n't bother , just throw out your phone and order a new one . 
  worry about karma when the new one arrives, 
   step 1 : eat whatever you want, 
   step 2 : eat whatever you want, 
   step 3 : ???? 
   step 4 : post pictures of cats for karma, 
  ftfy, 
  why does that spider have 7 legs ? 
  bruce willis was dead the whole time, 
  well played sir, 
  that 's not even funny to joke about, 
  no but i did read it in mitch hedberg 's voice, 
  let 's call the whole thing off, 
  do n't stop there , search her history . 
  as she says : down ... vote ... everything, 
  superfunny, 
  psych student here too . 
  it does strike me as slightly small but that does n't mean it 's not a significant result . 
  i would assume that they mentioned it was as convenience sample and a small * ish * sample size as limitations of the study . 
  because the point of being a skeptic is n't saying that you know everything . 
  his point may be misinterpreted but he is staying true to what he believes : it 's all about the evidence . 
  the fact that we do n't always have all the evidence is a very important point even if it can be used against him . 
  it must be * her * car because he would 've lost it in the divorce, 
  honey , i 'm going to need a tea towel, 
   you 're, 
  ftfy, 
  have n't you ever heard of a clean and jerk ? 
  we report , you decide, 
  `` tonight , we report on bradley cooper 's new movie . 
  coming out may 26th , the hangover - part 11 '', 
  this, 
  how did you ? 
  i do n't under ... what is this ? 
  okay , that 's it . 
  i 'm shutting down the internet . 
  we 've gone too far people . 
  nice try anti-viral marketing guy, 
  just make sure you pick the chunks off, 
  credit where credit is due, 
  more to this story , could n't fit it all in title .
