  who 's this larry guy and why 's he getting so much first date sex ? 
  * and * she 's busty, 
  * touches temples *, 
  i 'm also feeling ... that she 's into cuckolding ... 
  god i 'm good . 
  i think that really depends on how the date goes . 
  my first date with current and ex-girlfriends were very long and it was natural to have some pretty good fooling around by that point . 
  if you go for coffee and she comes home with you it 's a different story . 
  yeh but it did n't work out . 
  too much of a prude . 
  no thanks . 
  from my experience a good relationship is far more satisfying than casual sex . 
  depends what it is . 
  normally i 'd say never trying but i 'd say failing is worse if you 're skydiving . 
  we like to go out feb 13 since it sucks going out on the 14th . 
  have a nice dinner planned and i 'm certain there will be some wine, 
  they think you 're a creepy asshole and you should stop, 
  work an hour at my job, 
  i 'm a guy but i identify more with my mum . 
  my mum and i are n't that similar , my dad is just batshit insane, 
  there 's a reason the police protect the wbc and try to shut down occupy movements and it 's not - insert conspiracy theory here - . 
  learn to meditate : open itunes and search for ucla mindfulness . 
  heaps of great studies show it works . 
  if it 's really affecting your life , you should talk to a psychologist though . 
  when i came out of surgery, 
  wake up, 
  nothing beats [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr1pwzolvt8 ), 
  when i was 22 . 
  inside a vagina . 
  any where i 'm involved, 
  the attached lady allowed me to, 
  no you creepy bastard, 
  step 1 . 
  get bruce willis, 
  let me put it to you this way . 
  most people are concerned that there 's too much of an economic divide in america . 
  he wants to combat that by reducing the programs that provide for people with less money , essentially giving them less opportunities than people with more money . 
  apathetic, 
  you co-worker is a fucking moron . 
  the daily grind, 
  hpv is manageable ( and it 's possible that a girl you 're with is actually vaccinated against it ) . 
  you just need to be open and honest and use protection . 
  you 're going to use condoms early on anyway and you just need to tell her what happened . 
  it 's not the biggest dealbreaker in the world . 
  except that current system and paul 's system are n't the only two options , nor does it imply that his system is better . 
  to be honest , if this was n't the internet i probably would 've given a more cutting and realistic interpretation ( i 'm sure it has a lot more to do with his/her upbringing than iq ) but on the internet brevity is king . 
  the general rule is that you 're supposed to compliment effort/actions rather than innate abilities . 
  for example , you ** should n't ** say `` well done getting an a , you must be really smart '' but say `` well done getting an a , you must have worked really hard '' instead . 
  i doubt a single compliment about her hair will change anything but i accept your point . 
  have you considered having an adult conversation with her ? 
  do you know if she 's happy with her weight ? 
  i 'll bet that she knows you 're trying to get her to lose weight and is hurt by it . 
  talk to her . 
  you 're an asshole . 
  based on what you 're telling me , it sounds like she feels pressured by you , instead of supported by you . 
  have you asked her what type of support would help her or did you just buy a treadmill and hope she 'd use it ? 
  just keep talking to her . 
  if she 's not happy about it that 's good news for you . 
  just try your best to keep supporting her ( emotionally ) . 
  yeh , contrary to popular belief you can actually be interesting/funny without being a cock to people . 
  one day when you grow as a person you 'll discover that . 
  statistically speaking , assuming someone on the net is a guy is generally a fair bet . 
  as for your co-worker , some people are under the very unfortunate impression that praise makes a child soft/weak/conceited etc. 
  but it 's simply not true . 
  the study i was referring to earlier is summarised [ here ] ( http://www.nais.org/publications/ismagazinearticle.cfm?itemnumber=150509 ) . 
  no , if i was at a party i would just think it and then walk away , not wanting to spend time with assholes . 
  since this is n't a party your comment is either very unfunny or just a poorly made point . 
  i 'm guessing you wanted to try and make fun of me for being lame and now you 're trying to back out of it as quickly as possible . 
  it 's not working , just let it go . 
  went to school with a guy who could do this . 
  he could also sing the any song with each word backwards as he went . 
  give 321 $ 1 handjobs, 
  only if you 're milking a bull . 
  seriously though , no . 
  it 's milk , much like your mother fed you with . 
  yes but you actually have to still do work ( the number of people who take protein/creatine and just think it instantly makes them big is insane ) . 
  important to drink lots of water though . 
  used to be a bit of a gym junkie but got over it . 
  i did it obsessively ( like i do everything else ) . 
  no more than that , i just like to do things properly ( did the research , worked out efficiently etc. ), 
  the evidence is unclear because clinical testing on children has all sorts of ethical issues . 
  my feeling is that there will be some negative side-effects but in many cases those side effects will be smaller than children having an inability to concentrate in school . 
  yeh a lot are . 
  a good friend of mine knew a lot and i tried to only listen to people who back up their claims with evidence . 
  i 've also got access to a lot of scientific journals through my university . 
  doing one thing at a time ( explains my reddit addiction ), 
  a person smart enough to realise that unregulated markets leave a large proportion of the population marginalised and in need of help . 
  if you 've been thinking about suicide every day i strongly recommend you speak to a professional psychologist . 
  you do n't need to have `` something to be depressed about '' to suffer from depression . 
  please seek help , suicidal ideation is a warning sign . 
  told my so that my ex could deepthroat . 
  i did n't get head for quite a while after that . 
  please remember to spay and neuter your at-ats, 
  because ron paul is a haven on sanity in an otherwise broken system , because , you know , he wants to legalize weed and shit . 
  sure his economic policies are incredibly stupid and will create a larger disparity between the classes but come on , weed !, 
  i 'd hoped that answering psych questions would make my mother love me, 
  why ca n't it be both ? 
   daes are yes/no answer questions . 
  they do n't belong on askreddit . 
  ~ ~ / r/spacedicks ~ ~,
