  i can speed if i really want to . 
  does that make speed limits , cop cars and speed cameras pointless ? 
  so , so stupid . 
  if you really think the gun control argument is `` people with intent to murder do n't want to break other laws so they wo n't get a gun '' , you 're not very bright . 
  the idea is that ( a ) you put up barriers to getting access to guns and ( b ) you make it so that people do n't have the means readily available in times when they 're emotional/unstable . 
  how many died ? 
  thank you for making my point for me . 
  i said that ? 
  my original point was that not having a gun makes it much harder to kill lots of people quickly . 
  you responded by linking me to a very similar situation where there were no deaths * because * there was no gun . 
  when did i say that either was okay ? 
  that feeling when it 's no-one, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nappzufw2zg ), 
  none . 
  solved . 
  meat eater that loves my nike shoes, 
  even in ways you did n't think it would . 
  good looking people are more likely to be found not guilty during a trial and also receive shorter sentences . 
  we 're hardwired to like attractive people more . 
  ca n't make pancakes without eggs . 
  not all of it is crap but a lot of it is . 
  the problem is that you do n't need any qualifications or scientific evidence to write a self-help book . 
  there 's actually quite a few written by psychologists that have real information and they 're useful ( e.g. , mindsight ) . 
  the biggest problem is that self-help often assumes easy , catch-all answers exist . 
  what 's helpful to you is n't necessarily helpful to me . 
  anything on / r/wheredidthesodago /, 
  it 's always good when ` boobies and booties ' is the voice of reason, 
  it may have something to do with your approach . 
  you have n't tried any beans from papua new guinea . 
  hedonism, 
  i 'm sorry chris but i 've had to remove the question for not fitting within the subreddit rules . 
  this is really a poll-type and not a discussion question . 
  no stress at all . 
  sorry to do it , i 'm a big fan, 
  great now i feel even worse since you 've been so nice about it . 
  you 'd be surprised how often you get a page full of angry swearing when i remove `` reddit , how do you poop ? '', 
  any particular topic ? 
  read any of daniel j siegel 's stuff, 
  i 'm not worried about the freedom of the person using the gun . 
  i 'm worried about the freedom of the people being shot by the gun . 
  the spoon is n't a good analogy because he uses to feed himself , there are no unwilling parties . 
  why must it be one or the other ? 
  also , you do n't need guns to kill people but it makes it a hell of a lot easier . 
  calling my sister fat . 
  i did n't really understand , i just knew that it was something people did n't like being called . 
  one of the identical imgur urls was in / r/funny too so he actually would 've had to press the button that says, 
   that link has already been submitted , but you can try to submit it again . 
  no excuse for ignorance in this case . 
  a ) what 's the with sudden influx of using advice animals to make pro-gun statements ? 
  b ) why are they all incredibly stupid and flawed arguments ? 
  i 've decided to go pee straight after chopping peppers . 
  no words can describe that experience . 
  credit to ' i fucking love science ' on facebook . 
  it 's the `` especially women '' that truly makes it art, 
  it really does n't ruin the joke at all . 
  \\ - michael scott, 
  i have used that recipe several times and can confirm it is indeed tits . 
  cute comic , terrible analogy . 
  the riaa are trying to manage the way people use * their * product , not competing with a new product . 
  sure , they 're doing a horrifically bad job of it but it 's not the same . 
  for seafood you 'd need other information . 
  if it was snap frozen it 's going to last a lot longer than some guy catching it off the side of a boat and waiting all day in the sun before bringing it back to land . 
  yeah should always start cooking on a very high heat so you get the maillard reaction ( delicious crispy coating ) so i guess she could start it colder in the middle . 
  i would n't ever freeze a good steak . 
  maybe you should stop trying to give legal advice on the internet when you have no idea what you 're talking about then . 
  i did n't say that there 's no chance you 'll get away with it , i just said you 're making yourself legally vulnerable . 
  by comparing it to something else illegal ? 
  huh ? 
  ehh , it 's a pretty shitty thing to do to someone . 
  i get that they ` deserve it ' but laws are n't built to have a `` they 're an asshole '' clause . 
  laws are designed to be inflexible and clear to avoid abuse and subjectivity . 
  unfortunately , that leads to loopholes and people abusing the system . 
  at least a few times a day we get people begging to be allowed to post something that 's against the rules because they want more views . 
  except for those dozens of cases they 've already won right ? 
  wow , he now has twice as many as kevin durant, 
  grandma has done that before . 
  100 % made the right choice anyway mate . 
  so what 's a wortwhile open zombie survival then ? 
  it looks like the cables under my computer, 
  i think that naturalnews is the single most damaging website on the internet and they 're responsible for thousands of deaths . 
  did it annoy you that all of the talk about bridesmaids became about the fact they were women instead of it just being a kick-ass movie ? 
  or , are you happy that it convinced a lot of people that believed women could n't carry a movie like that ? 
  ** note ** : it 's a chris broussaard article so take it with a grain of salt, 
  what kobe bryant is doing this season is both phenomenal and unprecedented . 
  no player in nba history -- not kareem abdul-jabbar , not moses malone , not karl malone , not any of the league 's famed ironmen -- have come close to scoring as bryant has in his 17th professional season . 
  heck , most greats -- guys like wilt chamberlain , oscar robertson , michael jordan and jerry west -- did n't even play 17 seasons . 
  so for bryant to be leading the league in scoring at a 29.5 ppg clip while shooting a career-high 47.7 percent from the floor is nothing short of incredible . 
  before bryant , abdul-jabbar had been the gold standard for well-worn scorers , averaging 23.4 points in his 17th season . 
  but abdul-jabbar , who was 38 during that season , was clearly not near his prime , averaging just 6.1 rebounds and 1.6 blocks , well below his career averages of 11.2 and 2.6 . 
  bryant , while not the athlete he once was , is still producing at the same level he always has , posting 5.2 rebounds ( 5.3 is his career average ) , 5.0 assists ( 4.7 career ) and 1.6 steals ( 1.5 career ) . 
  so it 's very difficult to argue that bryant is doing anything wrong in what statistically is one of his best seasons . 
  and numbers never lie . 
  but there are other numbers that say bryant 's offensive blitzkrieg is actually hurting the struggling los angeles lakers more than helping them . 
  this season , the lakers ( 12-14 ) are just 4-11 when bryant takes 20 or more shots in a game . 
  yet , they are 8-3 when he shoots less than 20 times . 
  and it 's not necessarily because of the opposition . 
  with bryant attempting fewer than 20 shots , the lakers have beaten the dallas mavericks , denver nuggets , golden state warriors , houston rockets and brooklyn nets , all of whom have better records than the lakers . 
  the four teams los angeles has beaten with bryant shooting 20 or more times ? 
  the bottom-dwelling detroit pistons , phoenix suns , washington wizards , and charlotte bobcats , who have a combined record of 32-64 ( .333 ) . 
  the eight teams the lakers have beaten with bryant taking fewer than 20 shots have a slightly better combined record of 87-112 ( .437 ) .
