  when i was in thailand , i ordered a `` pepper stirfry '' at a terrible resort . 
  the food arrived and i noticed there were a fair few peppercorns in it but at this stage i knew very little about cooking and thought they must have used some process to reduce the strength . 
  i took a nice big bite and ate a mouthful of raw peppercorns . 
  worst thing i 've ever tasted . 
  scientologists are quacks . 
  psychology is a science and therapy has helped millions of people improve their lives . 
  if you 're having social anxiety that is stopping you from doing what you want , you should talk to a psychologist about it . 
  it does n't make you `` sick '' or `` broken '' , it 's just something you could use some help in and why not get that help from an expert , instead of strangers on the net ? 
  what was wrong with the answers you got last time ? 
  everyone told you it 's good and scientologists are quacks . 
  do you plan to just keep reposting this until you get the answer you want ? 
  she 's two, 
  try [ this ] ( http://www.google.com ), 
  watch good eats, 
   you know that cognitive development doesnt really happen til like 18-25 right ? 
  huh ? 
  source : i have a psychology degree, 
  that really depends on how much you like research . 
  it may be slightly different but in australia the main difference is just the size of your thesis . 
  if you enjoy research , do the doctorate . 
  well , then see if you can do some research in an area you 're interested in . 
  yes, 
  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  1 ) that 's piaget and it 's fairly outdated . 
  2 ) there is still a huge amount of progression that goes on in those stages even if you use that model or does object permanence not seem important to you ? 
  lastly , i do n't really know what it says about me that your sister did n't continue her studies further . 
  if she got a psychology degree not knowing that you need at least a masters/doctorate/phd for that to mean anything ( ** from a career perspective ** ) then she 's an idiot . 
  `` hey , why is your mattress on the floor ? '', 
  so you 've stopped even trying to argue . 
  it 's not that hard to admit you 're wrong . 
  you may even grow as a person . 
  start reading . 
  read some religious texts , read some books about atheism and see what appeals to you . 
  you always needed 7 , you just gave fewer fucks . 
  4 hours is n't enough sleep . 
  it takes much more strength to admit you need help than pretend you do n't . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  go tell the cops . 
  haha, 
  too quick !, 
  tell them that if they do n't pay by x date you will speak to a lawyer . 
  stick to that . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  you either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain . 
  because we did n't evolve in an environment where there was a selective pressure to do complex maths . 
  you do n't need a doctor , you need a psychologist . 
  doctors are n't properly trained to treat depression . 
  please ignore this guy . 
  he has no medical training and no fucking idea what he 's talking about . 
  if he was at all trained in mental health he would know that he could n't possibly diagnose you with depression ( or not ) based on your short self-description . 
  go talk to a professional . 
  please ignore this guy . 
  he has no medical training and no fucking idea what he 's talking about . 
  if he was at all trained in mental health he would know that he could n't possibly diagnose you with depression ( or not ) based on your short self-description . 
  go talk to a professional . 
  happiness . 
  follow your passion and if you work hard the money will follow . 
  also , people think money will bring happiness . 
  [ they 're wrong ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/dan_gilbert_asks_why_are_we_happy.html ) ( warning : this video may contain science ), 
  has your husband talked calmly to his superiors about his concerns ( not trying to stir up trouble , just letting them know what 's going on ) ? 
  they may not realise that it will cause an issue and this can all be avoided . 
  they do n't want a prison riot either . 
  if that 's the case and they 're willingly putting him in danger , he needs to leave . 
  who cares about all the other problems , if he does n't feel safe he needs a new job . 
  that simple . 
  if it 's not safe , it is n't his responsibility to `` take one for the team '' that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  my laugh was tempered by my vile hatred for the quack trying to treat real medical issues with bullshit . 
  i do n't know , that 's the point . 
  i 'm not asking for specific claims , i 'm asking for opinions and whether those opinions are * supported * by evidence . 
  something that would compel me to feel as if it 's either a good or bad idea . 
  i 'm looking to be convinced . 
  it really works . 
  it also helped me drastically cut my crack habit . 
  i 'm pretty sure i remember alton saying on good eats : `` do n't cook with anything you would n't drink '' . 
  i do n't think you need to use a $ 30 bottle for your stew but do n't use cask wine . 
  `` the bomb is under the subway '', 
  it 's funny because it 's racist . 
   there is also the psychological factor here . 
  if you cook two products , one with a 20 dollar bottle of wine , the other with a 2 dollar , you are likely going to believe the 20 dollar bottle is superior to the two dollar bottle . 
  this is also true if you drink them . 
  scientific studies on the amount of placebo in wine blew my mind . 
  hey everyone . 
  i got this reference . 
  as an australian ... meh, 
  i 'm not sure what you 're quoting , sorry . 
  and everyone in / new will tell you that there are no less than 100 advice animals for every actual soda post . 
  haha , i follow now . 
  that was actually my first thought but since the numbers did n't add up to 100 % i thought i was wrong . 
  i 'm a mod on askreddit . 
  when i make a mod announcement there it takes me days to clear out in my inbox . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  i know but this is a tabloid . 
  they write about what they think is popular . 
  if they all of a sudden think gay marriage is becoming popular , they 'll support it more . 
  this is an ultra-right wing paper . 
  it was actually far worse but i think it 's getting spread on facebook because the `` yes '' votes are going up fast . 
  see !, 
  it 's rising fast .
