  the idea is that they give a higher proportion , they do n't just have all of their money taken as needed . 
  besides anything else , high income earners end up paying far less tax than lower income earners because they can afford teams of accountants to do their taxes . 
  exactly right . 
  if poor people do n't have money the rich people will lose it soon enough because no-one can buy their products . 
  you should ask annoying and pointless questions on askreddit that no-one cares about . 
  good start !, 
  dobule the size of my penis . 
  obvious reasons, 
  not in person but i see them on here all the time, 
  wonder woman 's lasso, 
  could n't hurt . 
  actually it most likely would . 
  to be fair though , i could have lied . 
  i did n't say i * was * lying , i was saying you ca n't be sure . 
  thanks , really informative answer . 
  so do you think there 's not much value in me making a point to eat yoghurt for health purposes ? 
  also , yakult ( shirota strain ) is quite popular in australia should i assume that does n't help either ? 
  no to both, 
  small percentage does not equal a small amount, 
  they actually home deliver some cake if you send the admins your address details . 
  there are some restrictions but it 's pretty cool . 
  thank you kindly . 
  so who are you subscribed to that you get your news from ? 
  yeh , people having no money to buy products is really good for companies trying to sell products . 
  sound logic . 
  i like to test periodically to see how it 's smelling . 
  the range of smell is pretty amazing . 
  why ? 
  you need to prove you were damaged by it, 
  muslim extremists . 
  done . 
  in what way ? 
  no , but that 's because i 'm sane . 
  i do n't cut my nails , i peel them . 
  i use a different nail to make a small dent , roughly where i was the nail down to then use it as a grip to rip off the top of the nail . 
  about 10 % of the time it goes on a bad angle and goes too far . 
  haha , i read that study too , that 's what brought on my question . 
  awesome . 
  thanks heaps, 
  i think my rl friends would understand the truth of my username, 
  i changed a few years ago from sports management ( studying how to work in sport clubs , run events etc. ), 
  to psychology . 
  best decision i ever made . 
  i 'm seeing him in a month !!, 
  because nurses are hot ? 
  that game i a lot less fun with greasemonkey, 
  nice try , my wife . 
  [ citation required ], 
  do n't do it . 
  if you 're stupid enough to try , make clear ground rules about your expectations of each other ( what is/isn ' t okay to do with other people ) and expect to fight a lot . 
  also , there 's never a situation where you 're not `` allowed '' to feel a certain way . 
  feelings are always allowed , what you do with them is what 's important . 
  efficaciousness and supercilious . 
  in high school me and my best friend used to have a competition to see who could use the word ergo more times in our exams . 
  you 're in the minority . 
  it can work but it 's very difficult . 
  that 's why you replace the steak every 3 nights, 
  a few reasons :, 
  you make me laugh, 
  you say something interesting, 
  i reply to your post ( makes more chance someone sees my reply ), 
  you teach me something, 
  it * is * stupid to try though . 
  i 'm sure there are people whose relationships survive one partner being an alcoholic but it 's still stupid to try starting a relationship with an alcoholic . 
  stop people complaining about which content gets to the front page ( too many pictures , reposts etc. ), 
  if it gets to the front page people want to see it . 
  you 're not better than everyone else and you do n't get to decide what content everyone should see . 
  i think * you 're * a ridiculous comparison, 
  yeh , like sometimes i 'll make a comment and be 1/0 with 3 replies . 
  surely you thought * something * about what i wrote if you 're replying . 
  this !, 
  me thinks that maybe your question is slightly leading and not completely sincere in wanting a balanced response . 
  that being said , i think parent should avoid teaching religion to their kids before they 're old enough to understand it properly . 
  i think teaching kids that one can find truth in ` faith ' is dangerous because it 's the opposite of what they should be learning at school . 
  take away tax-free status from religion and use the money to give research grants to our universities . 
  that 's funny , my girlfriend also calls me a `` peak-too-sooner '' . 
  apparently there 's a nasal spray for it though, 
  get a new job ? 
  it 's a huge responsibility , where mistakes you make can affect you for a really long time . 
  maybe you should stop masturbating at parties then ... 
  my job . 
  you ca n't have it though, 
  audiobooks distract me way more than music, 
  get the fuck out of that house . 
  you deserve so much better than to be treated like that . 
  i know it 's hard to get work while studying but you 'll hate yourself if you lie to live there and you 'll hate them even more for it . 
  move out , start living your life . 
  jeff buckley, 
  working in a call centre for reporting medical incidents ( wrong medication , patients falling etc. ), 
  haha i have n't heard anything * too * crazy yet . 
  one very close to completed suicide , bunch of drugs stolen , one nurse got slashed by a mental patient 's used razor ( patient was thought to have hep c and potentially hiv ), 
  what did you learn ? 
  there are some very clever lyrics in that song, 
  you 've never seen an alabaster egg ? 
  anything works, 
  did you learn it playing the civ games ? 
  i learned more than i 'd like to admit from it . 
  watch something in 21 dimensions, 
  i played it on my laptop despite it clearly not being able to handle it . 
  made the games take forever but it was worth it .
