  alternatively , just allow the mods to block them . 
  have it automatically populate a message to the person and other moderators so that one moderator ca n't use it to hide things from other moderators ( hiding the username of the mod who ended the conversation to the user but not the other mods ) . 
  into an editing booth ? 
  except it 's not easily abusable because they can see who reports things . 
  admins see who report things . 
  it would be very silly to abuse the button if it goes directly to the admins . 
  i definitely agree with this . 
  users are the owners of their own content , we just decide if it should or should n't be displayed on the subreddit . 
   do you mean no editing the submission itself ( assuming it 's a self-post ) either ? 
  users should always own their content . 
  mods decide whether or not it is shown in the subreddit . 
  they should definitely be allowed to edit their own comment at all times . 
   what if this is n't a `` bad '' locking , like it 's some sort of announcement where you just do n't want to allow comments ? 
  if that 's the case , you would be presumably locking it before any comments so voting on comments is irrelevant . 
  this is fraud and should be treated as such . 
  i know it 's being done because they hate her but she literally stole from the country . 
  if i get caught stealing , i do n't just get to pay it back and move on . 
  honestly , it 's not that they want to side with racists . 
  their m.o from day one has been `` do as little as possible '' . 
  they 're doing this because they just do n't want to have to deal with this shit because it takes man hours . 
  seriously , half their staff now is advertising people . 
  it 's a dealbreaker for many default subs . 
  i guarantee you there would be another shut down . 
  i completely forgot that youtube plays ads . 
  if she made an error and decided on her own to pay it back , it is . 
  this is more like getting caught with a stolen car , handing the keys back and saying `` here you go , no harm done . 
  i definitely never stole any other cars by the way . '', 
  i 'm happy for this to be a thing until the election . 
  i 'm just glad the adults are in charge and the age of entitlement is over . 
  am a university teacher , this is very easily solved with `` come talk to me about it after class '' or `` send me an e-mail and we can discuss it further '' . 
  yeah that 's pretty shit . 
  your teacher deserves a lot of the blame then . 
  ca n't let your ego get in the way , even though it 's really hard some times . 
  yeah , i do n't think it 's the worst thing you can do and an easy mistake to make . 
  do n't leave us in suspense , how did he die ? 
  yes but i 'm doing a psych phd so it probably does n't count . 
  it 's literally a quote from the article . 
  that 's almost certainly not true . 
  no way they take the houston offer if the ~ ~ # 3 ~ ~ # 2 pick is on the table . 
  is that jimmy pardo doing the interview ? 
  was depressed and alone . 
  never left the house and spent all my time playing online games and smoking weed to avoid the world . 
  got a good therapist , got my shit together and now i 'm happily married with a beautiful kid and halfway through a phd . 
  i 'm not a millionaire but i think that 's a pretty successful turnaround . 
  psychology , for obvious reasons . 
  loving it so far . 
  ca n't put the tag on once it 's posted unfortunately . 
  we can manually assign the flair as mods but because you ca n't see flair in the modqueue ( where we mostly moderate content from ) , it becomes impossible to moderate properly . 
  i 'm really sorry to hear you have been going through that . 
  i ca n't imagine the pain you must have felt over the last three years . 
  how are you holding up ? 
  [ thanks friend ] ( http://www.reactionface.info/sites/default/files/imagecache/node_page/images/1278532078236.jpg ), 
  it does n't quite work like that . 
  a psychiatrist is a doctor who specialises in mental illness . 
  they prescribe medicine and have some training in talk therapy . 
  psychologists are trained almost exclusively in talk therapies ( but obviously need some knowledge in psychopharmacology ) but do n't have medical degrees and ( generally ) ca n't prescribe medicine . 
  i do n't want to get too specific about what i study because once you start talking phd topics there are very few people study specific things and need to be careful about my identity . 
  many default mods have been doxxed . 
  not as far as i know but i have n't checked recently . 
  we can add the flair , that is n't the issue . 
  the issue is that flair does n't show up in the modqueue . 
  i do n't think it affects many subs though so it 's not really a pressing issue . 
  children overboard . 
  it is not . 
   if marriage is not about sex , an affair is not about sex , right ? 
  someone needs to listen a little bit more carefully to their dan savage episodes . 
  the point of any healthy polyamorous relationship is that both participants are deciding that they want to be open to sleeping with other people , often under specific conditions ( some always want to know , others never want to know etc. ) . 
  the point is that it 's an agreement both parties come to through communication . 
  it 's not polyamory if you just sleep with someone else , that 's cheating . 
  anyone in a health polyamorous relationship would be offended by that . 
  it 's not easy but i just teach a lot . 
  look for someone you feel comfortable with and makes you feel heard . 
  studies show that a good relationship between the therapist and patient are more important than the type of therapy they practice . 
  it gets harder before it gets easier buddy . 
  you 'll have to face some demons but it will all be worth it in the end if you keep fighting . 
  quit smoking , put myself out there to meet a girl , went back to university . 
  just felt safe to try again . 
  have you considered calling a helpline ? 
  look for someone you feel comfortable with and makes you feel heard . 
  studies show that a good relationship between the therapist and patient are more important than the type of therapy they practice . 
  extremely supportive mother . 
  of all of the things that did n't happen , this is the one that the most did n't happen . 
  i 'm just imagining this dog , while eating his own vomit , stops to contemplate how batteries work . 
  that 's racist . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  pop is an abusive husband . 
  as jj redick pointed out on the lowe post , contacting cuban was 100 % his agent 's job . 
  helped me to learn why i was holding myself back and where i was n't being the person i wanted to be . 
  guys , guys , it 's trickle down economics . 
  rich people piss everywhere and it trickles down onto poor people . 
  ( it was a joke ), 
  yes but very expensive . 
  costs 1 vaal orb per chrome cost . 
  that grammar . 
  if the budget worked the same as a family home budget , it would make sense . 
  you want to spend less money than you earn . 
  unfortunately , that 's how most people imagine the national budget . 
  trying and caring about things . 
  what a cock . 
  honestly , i do n't know why anyone is overly surprised .
