  not acceptable as far as i 'm concerned, 
  please listen to your friend . 
  if you 're that sad for an extended period of time , you 're most likely suffering from deperssion and need treatment . 
  i like it because i can sit on / r/askreddit/new and tell people how to live their lives . 
  til that i 'm an independent musician, 
  donate blood . 
  an average blood donation saves 3 lives and it takes about an hour to do . 
  easy choice for me . 
  unlikely as i do the vast majority of my shopping in australia and we do n't have quarters but thank you . 
  it can be a sign of diabetes but it 's most likely a habit thing . 
  if you 're worried , like with all medical concerns , you should talk to a doctor and not anonymous strangers on the intertubes . 
  it 's not necessarily , i 'm just giving you a heads up . 
  also , too much water is actually bad for you as it starts to flush too many electrolytes ( you can die from it ) . 
  just be careful . 
  oh god , / r/circlejerk is leaking again, 
  i had to sit next to a guy who shat himself for 2 hours . 
  yes . 
  related : there 's no such thing as a soul , therefore no-one has one . 
  according to the economist it 's melbourne , australia . 
  because logic . 
  have you considered using the google machine ? 
  it 's normal to still miss him but if you 're getting more and more upset about it you may want to consider talking to a psych ** ologist ** . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with missing him and it 's likely you always will but it sounds like you need some help going through the stages of grief . 
  reddit visitors are n't exactly a perfection cross-section of society . 
  blowjob, 
  they both are . 
  the current race is a joke . 
  how do you feel about closure though ? 
  # 1 rings true for me after i told my ( now ex ) girlfriend that she reminded me of two-face from batman . 
  i get this sometimes when i marvel at how amazing our modern society is . 
  i remember taking a flight home from overseas and after wanting to complain about how uncomfortable my seat was i realised that i was travelling in a metal box that was flying through the sky at an incredible speed and it was more safe than driving my car . 
  incredible !, 
  sounds like your fault pal , pretty clearly too . 
  manic stages are characterised by a lot more than just feeling happy . 
  if he was using extreme risk-taking behaviour or making really poor choices as a result it would be a very different story . 
  til, 
  i 'm guessing that your brain is over-producing dopamine as a way to counter the excessive amounts of cortisol in your system . 
  missing sleep is very unhealthy and should be avoided . 
  their age , interests and gender is somewhat relevant here . 
  i 'm sure your boyfriend knows things they like to do , just join in . 
  ps : yes you have to, 
  pps : tell your boyfriend you 're nervous and why - grow up . 
  a criminal flipped and helped bring down other criminals . 
  it 's fairly inconsequential in the scheme of things and not at all unpredictable . 
  move on . 
  how stupid do you think people are ? 
  anyone with half a brain knows there are health benefits . 
  unfortunately , they 're not the people opposing it . 
  trying to all of a sudden pretend it 's purely medicinal is more transparent than a keanu reeves acting job . 
  \u25e6 daes are yes/no answer questions . 
  they do n't belong on askreddit . 
  hanson, 
  people kept getting me confused with my gardner so i tried to make it easier for people . 
  thanks is fine or if it really means something to you do n't be ashamed to say `` i really appreciate the support '' . 
  in times like that people are desperate to help and support you and they 'd be very happy to hear that it makes it difference . 
  i assumed it was pea shout and imagined some comical yelling peas . 
  thanks for ruining it for me . 
  without knowing which psychometric tests they are you ca n't prepare . 
  get a good night sleep , relax before the tests and just try to be honest . 
  all decent psychometric tests have measures for honesty . 
  combination of contradictions and specific questions to test whether you 're just trying to give the answer you think they want to hear . 
  i ca n't think of a specific example off the top of my head , sorry . 
  in response to the idea that no higher power or predestined fate exists :, 
  `` if nothing we do matters , then all that matters is what we do '', 
  we have a guy named kyle sandilands in australia . 
  he does n't say anything political but a lot of morons listen to him despite many embarassing scandals , including these gems :, 
   on 29 july 2009 , sandilands and co-host , henderson , were leading a segment on their regular 2day fm morning show in which a 14 year old girl was strapped to a lie detector while the child 's mother , sandilands and henderson questioned her , including questions about her prior experience with sex and drugs . 
  sandilands was participating in the radio show from new zealand via hookup . 
  [ 30 ] before questioning started jackie henderson had propositioned to the mother `` what 's your worst fear ? 
  is it the sex ? '' . 
   the girl started by saying , `` i 'm scared . 
  it 's not fair '' . 
  sandilands said , `` she is scared everyone . 
  yeah . 
  '' [ 25 ] the segment went astray when the girl revealed she had been raped at the age of 12 . 
  the girl had been asked by her mother if she had any sexual experience . 
  after a long pause , sandilands then clarified `` right ... is that the only experience you 've had ? '' . 
  and, 
   on 9 september 2009 , sandilands was suspended for two weeks after making comments that were alleged to racially and religiously vilify magda szubanski , an australian tv host and comedian . 
  sandliands said on-air : '' ** you put her in a concentration camp and you watch the weight fall off ... like she could be skinny ** '' . 
  [ 43 ] sandilands and henderson were debating who should be the next face of weight-loss company jenny craig . 
  szubanski had recently lost 25 kg using the jenny craig program during a well-documented public weight battle . 
  [ citation needed ] szubanski , whose father was a polish resistance fighter during world war ii , told ninemsn news `` i could n't give two hoots about what kyle says about me , but to trivialise what happened to people in concentration camps is abhorrent . 
  '' [ 44 ] jewish groups also criticised sandilands and once again called for his sacking . 
  and, 
   on 20 august 2007 , media watch examined sandilands ' on-air comments asserting that smoking was not as harmful to people as many institutions would lead people to believe and that the statistics presented by these institutions are falsified . 
  these comments led to the cancer institute of new south wales pulling their `` 13-quit '' advertisements off the network . 
  [ 24 ] media watch further reported that on 20 july 2009 jackie o and sandilands ` cruelly ' and ` sadistically ' taunted a refugee from pol pot 's cambodia and meted out similar treatment to the woman 's 19 year-old niece whilst on-air . 
  [ read more here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyle_sandilands#controversies ), 
  it 's hard to know which is the worst is n't it . 
  overly simplified question is overly simplified . 
  there is no way this can be objectively answered . 
  yes , yes , yes , religion is defined in the exact way that you define it and everyone else is wrong . 
  edit : does no-one else see the irony in his response ? 
  he 's saying that religion causes harm when they define religion in a way that is convenient to them by defining religion in a way that is convenient to him . 
  wow you really could 've convinced me that that was an onion article . 
   no one knows, 
  protip : the point of the question is n't to find out your weakness , it 's to find out if ( a ) you 're self aware and ( b ) you 're motivated to combat your weaknesses . 
  the weakness itself does n't really matter ( unless you say meth ) , the point is to show them your self-awareness and how you combat your weaknesses . 
  example : my biggest weakness is that sometimes i can put too much emphasis on trying to make sure all of my work is really precise .
