  you mean that thing that consistently does n't outperform sham acupuncture in trials ? 
  they reviewed who touched it . 
  you ca n't review if it went out . 
  similarly , different types of placebos have stronger/weaker effects . 
  for example , an injected placebo has a larger effect than a pill placebo . 
  a more expensive placebo the same . 
  expectation of efficaciousness is important . 
  in theory , you can really be addicted to anything . 
  addiction is measured by the effect it has on your life , not necessarily the type of action/chemical it is . 
  however , some activities/chemicals are more addictive than others . 
  i 'd say that until very recently it would be almost impossible to be addicted to social validation because it 's so hard to attain . 
  that 's changed now with karma/retweets/likes . 
  it 's going to be very interesting to see how that develops but i 'd say there are already a lot of people addicted to those . 
  fair enough . 
  my experience of professional opinions on the topic is pretty mixed . 
  personally , i think it 's certainly an imperfect attempt but i 'm not sure if we have anything better at the moment . 
  it 's easy to say x is n't good enough . 
  it 's harder to say y is better . 
  i 'm certainly getting more enjoyment out of the 47 points i got in this thread than most of my dozens of posts over 1,000 . 
  i do n't know if everyone else is the same but my enjoyment of karma certainly is n't always 1-1 . 
  find a new therapist . 
  like any profession , some are shit at their job . 
  if you bought a bad burger one time , you would n't stop buying burgers . 
  well , in terms of a solution , it 's not really their jobs to tell you what to do . 
  so do n't expect to go in and say `` this is happening '' and they turn around to you and say `` you can fix your life by ... '' . 
  it does n't quite work that way . 
  as for finding one , just type into google `` find therapist [ where you live ] '' and you 'll get a lot of options . 
  if you 're ausralian , get referred by your gp . 
  sounds like you should talk to the dr about your meds . 
  of course you should talk to someone then . 
  that 's a trickier question and it depends on what your options are . 
  i love bohemian rhapsody as much as the next guy but that 's a terrible example . 
  the lyrics are basically gibberish . 
  it 's awesome gibberish , but gibberish, 
  your post was removed for not fitting within the subreddit rules . 
  please review the rules before posting again . 
  the dsm-iv-tr has definitions for alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence - [ link ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/nbk44358/ ) . 
  it 's important to note that ( a ) the dsm v is due very shortly and ( b ) there are many researchers who feel that the dsm does not use the best model . 
  in regards to your question , it 's worth noting that the criteria are a combination of subjective and objective symptoms . 
  this is common for mental health conditions and one of the more common criticisms . 
  if you lined up 100 therapists and asked them all to tell you whether 100 regular drinkers had a disorder , there would be * some * level of agreement but not total agreement . 
  in nature , all mental health diagnoses are somewhat subjective and therefore open to interpretation by sufferers and diagnosticians . 
  i 'm sorry you had that experience . 
  there are some shit therapists out there, 
  mm that sucks . 
  it could 've been just a mistake though , i would n't necessarily judge them on that . 
  soundslike you should talk to a psychologist instead of a doctor, 
  that 's shitty , sorry . 
  there are good ones out there i promise . 
  i found one and it changed my life, 
  diener is the biggest name in the field and he does a lot of work looking at different countries . 
  if you 're ** very ** keen , there 's a phenomenal book by joseph sirgy called the psychology of quality of life which will give you 600 + pages on just about everything we know about swb . 
  in general though , the findings are that the gaps are few and far between . 
  there actually are n't as many things that predict swb as you 'd think . 
  i 'm still new to the area ( writing a literature review as we speak ) so i ca n't think of any specific names that specialise in looking for gaps . 
  i used to work in incident reporting for hospitals . 
  i had a call from a nurse in a mental health facility who just got slashed by a patient 's shaver . 
  they believed the patient to be hiv positive . 
  that 'd be a fun wait for the tests to come back . 
  sorry , health outcomes . 
  for example , grease is a a movie about a sexually innocent girl who gets pressured by her friends and a guy to change everything about herself . 
  this does n't directly answer your question but i love the system in australia . 
  australia does n't give you free university but it does give you the loan required to pay for it ( and pays for a chunk of it ) . 
  you pay a very low interest rate , i assume to match inflation , and as your income rises a percentage is taken out until you 've paid the government back . 
  i think it 's a great middle ground that means anyone can go to university but all of the cost is n't on the government 's back . 
  completely agree . 
  i do n't think it will change the minds of people who believe , i hope it changes the minds of the moderates on how dangerous it can be . 
  exactly , this is the same thing happening all over neuroscience research at the moment in an attempt to take ground from psychology . 
  it 's always the same model . 
  measure psychological mechanism/feature using current psychometrics -  pick the brain area ( s ) * most * related by scanning people high on that feature -  claim people do n't have that mechanism/feature because they do n't have high activity in that brain area . 
  it 's worse than just tautological , it 's fundamentally flawed and leading to some really bad outcomes in trying to measure mental illness . 
  how small are you cutting the onions ? 
  someone found shift f7, 
  [ relevant friends clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s0lqzmsftq ), 
  your post was removed for not fitting within the subreddit rules . 
  please review the rules before posting again . 
  my newest favourite tim minchin song - [ thank you god ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izewpscnolo ) . 
  fixed link, 
  the short answer is , we simply do n't know enough about depression , neurotransmitters or anti-depressant medication yet . 
  also , it 's not as simple as increasing neurotransmitters as there are issues with what does/doesn ' t cross the blood-brain barrier . 
  for example , ssris ( the most common anti-depressant ) does n't increase the amount of serotonin in the brain . 
  instead , it makes your brain more likely to re-uptake nearby serotonin . 
  we also do n't necessarily know what the ` correct ' balance of neurotransmitters is yet or whether it 'll be the same for all people . 
  lastly , i do n't think the evidence is completely clear yet about the directionality of social/neurochemical causes of depression . 
  we know that both ssris and therapy are similarly effective at treating depression . 
  we also know that a combination of the two is the * most * effective . 
  is therapy changing the brain which in turn changes the composition of neurochemicals ? 
  if so , are anti-depressants only treating the symptoms ? 
  what you 're suggesting may be a far better approach . 
  it 's several decades away though . 
  except that the evidence shows that there is n't a significant difference between races in iq when controlling for environmental factors . 
  it 's very well accepted in the pscyhometric community that the disparity in iq is more felicitously explained by differences in nutrition , education and parental literacy . 
  further , the complete recent absence of the flynn effect ( steady increases in iq over time ) in affluent countries/areas in contrast to the changes still occurring in africa all but confirm it . 
  there really is n't any good reason to believe there are genetic difference between race in regards to iq . 
  there 's a part of your inner ear that 's responsible for balance and making sure the world is the right way up . 
  if that part of your ear ( or the messages it sends to your brain ) is interfered with ( like if you have an infection in your inner ear ) , it does n't do its job very effectively . 
  your post was removed for not fitting within the subreddit rules . 
  please review the rules before posting again . 
  looks to me like `` fuck you motherfucker '' . 
  swing and a miss .
