  i then shared it with the other mods to ensure we had more fun than you lowly users . 
  urge to delete rising, 
  search your feelings , you already know the answer . 
  no comment, 
  1 ) psychology, 
  2 ) chemistry because its usefulness is offset by the production of chemists who are the worst . 
  but i only have one . 
  just use the offer code `` butter '', 
  it wo n't shut down as such but prolonged stress does have an impact on your physical health . 
  if you are feeling depressed or suicidal it 's worth seeking help as these things tend to get worse , not better , without intervention . 
  well done with a side of catsup, 
  the other mods are a bunch of timezone racists so i 'm up in the middle of the night answering jerks on the internet . 
  otherwise , good . 
  your question . 
  yes but it 's a temporary high which is why we have to keep doing it more and more often . 
  cinnamon flavoured cereal and gum are the worst things america ever did . 
  get your shit together america . 
  have you downloaded the squarecash app ? 
  serious answer - reddit 's scoring system rewards easy to consume , quick content . 
  if you allow both jokes and in-depth science answers that require ( a ) time to write , ( b ) time for an expert to come along and ( c ) time and effort to read and digest , the joke content will always win out . 
  because our explicit goal is science communication , we would rather sacrifice some of those jokes in favour of better content . 
  as someone who reads the deleted comments i assure you , the vast majority of the jokes are fucking awful anyway . 
  also , people think they 're way more original than they are . 
  but ... but you were then home . 
  this joke is illogical and thus incorrect . 
  if you want to get slapped , sure, 
  motion to remove rseasmith as a mod . 
  you should n't fuck magnets . 
  it 's bad for you . 
  it 's a special kind of love . 
  like the love you have for a family pet that ca n't really see properly and constantly pees on the carpet . 
  all you need to do is go to multiple quaker potlucks simultaneously and bring different dishes and then have the attendees rate their enjoyment . 
  i do n't think you know the fun of deleting a huge thread or banning someone . 
  that having a tantrum in modmail is hilarious to us and makes our day . 
  your momma is multichemical, 
  okay i have a question for you users . 
  why the fuck do so many americans use stovetop kettles instead of electric kettles ? 
  it 's about the dumbest thing i 've ever heard . 
  you know the whole world laughs at you for this , right ? 
  edit : okay , some people are now saying they use their microwave . 
  i 'm going to have to start banning people soon . 
  negative . 
  it 's maddening . 
  that 's the most patriotic thing i 've ever heard . 
  neither . 
  i 'm mostly still here due to inertia . 
  oh my god , rashida jones , is that you ? 
  i 'm such a huge fan . 
  banned, 
  you sweat in your sleep and it makes your pillow salty ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't do a real science . 
  savage . 
  is n't that every day ? 
  what if all of your bench space is reserved for mirrors and photos of perfectly sauteed onions ? 
  nope, 
  fact : spreadable butter is delicious and much easier . 
  the same people who complain that an electric kettle takes up too much space have a fucking butter holder . 
  get your shit together america . 
  not the last time i checked, 
  fuck you, 
  related question to cat lovers : were you born without a soul or did you lose it in some sort of incident ? 
  okay , question for the users : what would compel someone to ** choose ** to study a science like chemistry when there are so many more interesting options available ? 
  were they unaware that there were other sciences available ? 
  sorry i fell asleep half way through your sentence . 
  any other science at all ? 
  old people did old shit . 
  snooze . 
  only a ginger can call another ginger ginger, 
  hi myindustry , your submission has been removed for the following reason ( s ), 
  it is not scientific in nature . 
  posts must be about recently publish peer reviewed research . 
  * if you feel this was done in error , or would like further clarification , please do n't hesitate to [ message the mods ] ( http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fscience&amp;message=my%20post:%20https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/63jxnf/psychology_professor_little_scientific_evidence/ ) . 
  hi shashwatch , thanks for doing this ama it 's a great topic . 
  so the elephant in the room for any of these sorts of longitudinal studies is 3rd variables . 
  for instance , it 's quite easy to make an argument that there could be personality or emotional or experiential differences that make someone more likely to consume alcohol and marijuana but also likely to decline in achievement . 
  do you think this is indeed a causal relationship whereby the combination of alcohol and weed is affecting cognitive ability ? 
  my experience is the exact opposite on partisanship . 
  i have seen a very active effort to not be an anti-trump protest even though there 's clearly an asymmetrical attack on science ( nor is the asymmetry new ) . 
  what 's the best sign you have seen or wish you had seen/made ? 
  have n't had a chance to read the paper but i went to a conference talk on this exact subject . 
  there 's no actual difference , it 's all perceived . 
  hi all ,, 
  as i 'm sure comes as no surprise to anyone who has spent more than 10 minutes on reddit , any post that mentions race becomes inundated with disgusting racist comments . 
  in case it is unclear to anyone here , the mods will ban anyone who makes a racist comment . 
  your warning is this sticky and sidebar - we have 0 tolerance . 
  this includes , but is not limited to : 4chan copypastas/memes , blaming black crime rates for the findings ^ 1 , saying that people * should * be more scared of black men , slurs , general bigotry , that guy who called puerto ricans shifty for seemingly no reason , and all sorts of other gross things that regular users hopefully are n't seeing because of the hard work of our mod team . 
  other than that , we thank all of you who are trying to engage in a messy topic with intellectual honesty . 
  science only advances by doing empirical work on a wide range of topics . 
  kind regards ,, 
  the mod team, 
  ^ 1 - discussed more [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/673xpl/study_finds_that_black_men_are_seen_as_physically/dgo020c/?context=5 ), 
  edit - some faqs :, 
  not all discussion of stats is banned . 
  that 's quite a silly strawman considering this is a science subreddit . 
  there 's nothing to say you ca n't talk about stats but you need to be aware that your words have meaning and your comment does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  nuance is the key here . 
  yes , we censor certain opinions , namely the racist , sexist , transphobic etc. 
  ones . 
  you can disagree with a study , you just are n't welcome on our subreddit if you do so with racist comments .
