  wow !, 
  where are you headed ? 
  disclaimer : do n't know a certain answer but am i psychology student so i 'll answer the best i can with what i know . 
  it would probably depend on why you were visually impaired and how long for . 
  this is because we have the potential for neuroplastic change ( change in brain patterns by using or not using certain pathways ) and to some extent the audio areas of the somatosensory cortex would probably grow as a result of impaired vision . 
  however , we receive large amounts of non-verbal information from people when we communicate . 
  we have mirror neurons that will actually fire in similar patterns to the person we 're communicating with as a way of helping us empathise with them . 
  having difficulty seeing the other person would leave you much less capable of picking up on those signals so we would have a more analytical/less emotional understanding of what the other person is saying . 
  tl ; dr i 'm not totally sure but i 'd say it 's a little harder to understand emotion and meaning at a minimum, 
  despite the fact that my department has literally nothing to do for large periods of time we 're not allowed to read magazines because it makes us look like we 're not doing anything . 
  weirdly though , textbooks are okay . 
  whether it 's legal or not it 's really shitty parenting, 
  because it would make me less balanced for playing angry birds, 
  it 's your homework assignment and you should do it yourself, 
  race car, 
  woah . 
  woah . 
  slow down, 
  in australia , bird is slang for a woman . 
  so yes , yes i have . 
  most current pop singers . 
  if you do n't think justin bieber is incredibly talented , you 're lying . 
  it 's still ear rape to listen to, 
   shoppers of reddit ? 
  do you know what a freudian slip is ? 
  it 's when you say one thing but mean your mother, 
  the sound effects are horrible but i could n't stop laughing, 
  we do n't know what * we * look like but we do know what our parents look like . 
  in studies done on babies , they will look at people of a different race longer than those of the same race ( in testing babies you measure how they notice difference by how long they look at something , the more novel , the longer they look ) . 
  also , not a response to this particular post but i 've seen it said wrong a few times around this thread - we * do * have an inbuilt sense of in-group and out-group which has been very important for survival until modern times . 
  a bunch of experiments have been done ( i 'll give you details if you like ) on young kids and they have consistently found that with no reason to do so , they will segregate into groups and promote their group while denigrating others . 
  that 's not to say we are all naturally or should be racists , it 's just that to say we 're not born racists is a little simplistic . 
  tl ; dr babies do know who is the same race as their parents . 
  kids exhibit in-group favouring behaviours so it 's easy to see how racism starts . 
  it could either mean you 're very emotionally healthy or underdeveloped in a certain area . 
  it depends on a few things . 
  are you able to feel emotion in other areas of your life ? 
  you can and should change it because ( studies show ) it will make you happier to be generous . 
  do n't pressure yourself to be a different person all at once , just in the back of your mind have a voice that says `` be kind '' whenever you 're around people . 
  you 're not a bad person for choosing yourself over others but a deeper satisfaction in life can be found by being kind and generous to those around you . 
  nah , it has no effect because ( like a lot of redditors ) i do n't live in america . 
  edit : did someone downvote me for not being american ? 
  wow, 
  sounds like a good idea to me , a break could help a lot . 
  that 's a god-awful idea . 
  you do n't think people who work hard/have any of the million skills it takes to be good at a job besides iq should be rewarded ? 
  richie rich ? 
  because you 're already sick of her, 
  does that mean red bulls are modern-day mana potions ? 
  when i was younger i was a very , very picky eater , so much so that it was almost impossible to find a meal for me at a restaurant . 
  as a result , more than once , my mother would bring a jar of vegemite with her to a restaurant and ask for plain pasta with butter on it . 
  i would then use the vegemite as a pasta sauce . 
  they 're trying to get rid of you, 
  some old lady who did n't hear about it would decide the election, 
  i 've noticed quite a pro-corporal punishment sentiment in a lot of askreddit threads despite there being clear evidence that it is bad for the child . 
  well i 'm done eating my meal . 
  aliens ? 
  depends which part of europe you 're talking about . 
  a lot of the midwest is quite similar to romania, 
  be offended that they were n't sexually harassing me, 
  it really makes me wonder why so many kids who were victims of corporal punishments are for it . 
  my current theory ( have no evidence ) is that as a child you have to make a decision between `` i 'm a bid child who is deserving of being hit '' or `` my parents are unfair and harsh '' . 
  i know from attachment theory when someone does n't receive consistent love their response is more like the former , really makes me wonder if it 's the same for corporal punishment . 
  please, 
  heroes . 
  it went off the deep end quickly but the whole first season was gripping . 
   `` i 've been a fighter '', 
  first lie , about 8 seconds in . 
  my dad used to smoke in the car with me all the time ( even though i was asthmatic ) and quit smoking when i was about 14 telling me that he thought it was unfair smoking around me all the time given my asthma . 
  despite his noble claims , i heard him telling a friend he quit because his new girlfriend refused to kiss him unless he did and he took it back up shortly after they got back together . 
  skateboarding, 
  a heart attack will teach him, 
  $ 12,000 on penis pills, 
  you ca n't tell her that her boyfriend is bad . 
  it will not work . 
  if you really want to help her , support her and tell her that she deserves to be treated like that all the time , then * drop it * . 
   askreddit is for thought-provoking , inspired questions . 
  go post it in r/gaming, 
  `` illusion , michael . 
  a trick is something a whore does for money '', 
  well done realising that anxiety is n't a choice . 
  what you need to realise is that anxiety is an unconscious defence mechanism that is used to protect yourself . 
  for example , it can be used to stop you from being vulnerable ( being anxious about meeting new people stops you having new and scary relationships ) . 
  what he needs is n't a kick a bum but support and love . 
  i know it 's hard to watch someone you love struggle but he needs to know that you 're there for him no matter what , especially since you 're the father in his life . 
  anything by sondheim . 
  his works are brilliant and often have many lessons to learn . 
  the 20s called , they want their attitude back . 
  i 'm not having a go at you , if i 'm wrong i want to know . 
  i will gladly link you to a some studies if you like, 
  i decided to just simply burn my money because , while i 'd still lose , i 'd prefer that to giving it to some asshole who cons people into thinking they can predict the future . 
  asleep, 
  oh my god . 
  mom was right . 
  i will eventually make friends . 
  wan na braid each other 's hair ? 
  i downvoted both, 
  excuse me , i could n't hear you over the rustling of your tinfoil hat . 
  please seek therapy if you are wishing you 're dead . 
  do not listen to anyone on this thread who says otherwise .
