  it does n't matter for me ( [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tg4f9zr5yzy ) ), 
  ** do not have unprotected sex with anyone until you are in a committed relationship and have both been tested for stds ** . 
  i know you may feel uncomfortable asking him to get tested but if he is going to dump you for telling him that he has to wait a few days for tests then you really do n't want to be with him . 
  it 's quick and easy and if he really wanted to have sex without a condom tell him to go get a blood test . 
  if he pressures you or says that he wo n't you do not want to be with him . 
  edit : just to be clear ; by unprotected i mean not using a condom as well as the pill . 
  also works for : `` can you please babysit for me '' and `` i need some open heart surgery , can you please help me out ? '', 
  you must be fun at parties, 
  it 's definitely that and could n't possibly be the 7 insult average you 're sporting at the moment . 
  i recommend googling the `` self-serving bias '', 
  while i agree in general that is a tad skewed . 
  the team was completely designed to be built around lebron . 
  they also changed coach and lost their best defensive player for most of the season . 
  it 's still and indictment on the talent around him but the record is a bit skewed and should be noted . 
  noooo but then how do you know what you 're up to if you flick to another window ? 
  you should be a motivational speaker, 
  til, 
  thank you for reminding me that i left the stove on . 
  this deserves a megusta wave ( my highest honour ), 
  [ ] ( / son `` please show me on this doll where he touched you '' ), 
  my dad says shit like that when we argue about religion . 
  he 's basically an atheist but he 's just a contrarian douchebag, 
  wow that 's a lot of effort to go to for karma . 
  i normally just respond with [ ] ( / fap ) and get plenty but bravo sir, 
  i * starts counting fingers * ~ ~ fou ~ ~ third this, 
  i like nature ( especially pretty pictures ), 
  losing nature makes me sad, 
  humans seem to be hurting nature, 
  billions of lives are n't worth saving, 
  your logic is flawless good sir . 
  they * did * change . 
  look !, 
  a black guy !, 
  wow awesome graphic . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm pretty sure he deleted his account because he realised it had already reached its pinnacle . 
  like did he have a nice car ? 
  you can get the videos/audio of all of the lectures on youtube and itunes . 
  great intro course i recommend it . 
  i 'm whichever one is about to win the lottery, 
  8 days post-apocalypse ? 
  i ca n't believe it 's not everyone 's homepage . 
  why waste the 8 seconds ? 
  i like masturbating on the bus . 
  oh shit , you said secret shame . 
  ummmm ... hmm ... everyone knows about the cat thing ... 
  i guess it 's that i like twilight . 
  i 'm ** not ** jesus, 
  i type exclusively by banging my penis on the keyboard . 
  quite quick considering . 
  ever try to browse reddit during a lecture ? 
  it 's kind of like when you think you just had a long blink but were actually asleep . 
  i quit my job because it got in the way of my redditting . 
  it 's so weird how it lets you press send when you ge, 
  edit : fixed because i 'm retar, 
  security said they would n't remove me while i did n't have pants on . 
  your move boss . 
  i might have thought of this because i 'm listening to a lecture right now . 
  but you did n't actually say candlejack so he could n't have ca, 
  that 's what i 've been saying !, 
  i 'm glad i 'm finally getting the recognition i deserve . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/hn1h0/reffitcom/c1wpyv3 ), 
  did you finish ? 
  wait , what i do n't get is ; why , if you realised your sister was on gonewild , would you then post the picture into an even more popular subreddit , for even more guys to see and fap to ? 
  the super religious all-girl school jews were by far the biggest sluts of anyone in the jewish community growing up . 
  i 'm 84 ... get off my lawn, 
  shame there were never cross-sections of the poop, 
  i 'm allowed to make racist jokes ... some of my best friends are racist . 
  a poster of cake ? 
  i have fetishes . 
  dear stronginthearm ,, 
  thank you for your considerate letter . 
  i would like to take this opportunity to point out that the point of reddit is that you post things that you think are funny or informative and people use the revolutionary upvote system to decide if they agree . 
  i 'd like to point your attention to that little downwards pointing arrow next to my submission . 
  if you do n't like my post , feel free to press that button and be on your way . 
  alternatively , you could post a sarcastic response that makes you look like a 13 year old keyboard warrior , the choice is obviously up to you . 
  kind regards ,, 
  not jesus, 
  same . 
  when i reddit while i drive i only lurk , almost never post . 
  like 4chan but with less need for therapy, 
  twilight . 
  learn about psychology . 
  the more i know about the way people 's minds work , the more interesting the world is . 
  after my auntie 's wedding . 
  everyone was in the other room opening presents , i was on the computer typing `` jennifer anniston 's boobs '' into a search engine ( may have been altavista ), 
  the life of brian, 
  ( still a virgin and in high school , had only kissed one girl at the time ), 
  girl i 'd been hitting on for ages , slowly becoming closer friends and getting ready to make a move . 
  was at her house and suggested we play poker , where the loser had to give the winner a massage . 
  i deliberately lost and was straddling her , on her bed , giving her a massage when her religious mother came into the room and starting chatting to us ( i think she assumed that if she just kept talking to us i 'd eventually climb off but i was pretty much frozen in fear ) . 
  i left shortly after . 
  6 month old account with -87 karma, 
  well , i mean , i had computer games so i did n't leave the house but that 's what i heard anyway . 
  you ca n't tell me what to do , you 're not my real dad . 
  10 points for a teabag, 
  i love that the dog 's name is lebowski, 
  agreed . 
  i 'm not trading more sex with strangers for less satisfying relationships . 
  would n't even consider it .
