  i loved maths in primary school . 
  i hated maths in secondary school and stopped doing it in year 10 . 
  for me , it became too abstract and unrelatable and i just did n't care enough to put the work in if it did n't come easily because i could n't see any obvious benefit ( thinking from the perspective of the 15 year old me ) . 
  i do n't know enough to say how it can become real and relevant again but that sure would 've helped me, 
  no it 's not cheating . 
  whether it 's advisable is another question . 
  grease . 
  `` danny is bragging about us on facebook ? 
  that asshole . '', 
  it 's not really * that * complicated is it ? 
  when there 's no tl ; dr i make up my own story . 
  lawyer up op and then fap like no tomorrow . 
  `` a census taker once tried to test me . 
  i ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti . '', 
  ** heard the following while i was going through a depression . 
  it changed everything for me **, 
  dwayne : i wish i could just sleep until i was eighteen and skip all this crap-high school and everything-just skip it . 
  frank : do you know who marcel proust is ? 
  dwayne : he 's the guy you teach . 
  frank : yeah . 
  french writer . 
  total loser . 
  never had a real job . 
  unrequited love affairs . 
  gay . 
  spent 20 years writing a book almost no one reads . 
  but he 's also probably the greatest writer since shakespeare . 
  anyway , he uh ... he gets down to the end of his life , and he looks back and decides that all those years he suffered , those were the best years of his life , 'cause they made him who he was . 
  all those years he was happy ? 
  you know , total waste . 
  did n't learn a thing . 
  so , if you sleep until you 're 18 ... ah , think of the suffering you 're gon na miss . 
  i mean high school ? 
  high school-those are your prime suffering years . 
  you do n't get better suffering than that . 
  cats are assholes . 
  dogs are where it 's at . 
  * ducks for cover *, 
  only dogs, 
  i swear on the 30th time i watch that movie i wo n't cry when he starts saying `` it 's not your fault '' . 
  that 's an incredibly complex question and way too difficult to answer succinctly in this forum, 
  do n't fuck with me , alright . 
  do n't fuck with me . 
  [ hug ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lmz3z66lms1qai49x.gif ), 
  my excuse to my so that i need a beard is that it makes me look more like a psychologist . 
  you probably ca n't stop it . 
  keep it as clean as you can though , use a daily face wash in the shower and avoid touching it . 
  porn on , pants down , rub rub rub , clean up , cry . 
  you should give it back, 
  and i 'm sure they appreciate that, 
  exactly . 
  til most redditors who have never had kids think they 're much better parents than people who actually do it . 
  it does n't matter how well you teach your kids , you wo n't get 100 % compliance all the time . 
  they 're supposed to try and push the boundaries , they 're kids , that 's what kids do . 
  that does n't mean you should let them do whatever they want but for fucks sake , lay off if you have no idea what it 's like . 
  you 've never been a parent have you ? 
  this is pretty well accepted in psychology but the effect of the 2nd action is based on two factors ; similarity and automaticity . 
  you 've driven a car a million times so it 's not that taxing to talk while driving but for your first few goes , it 's really not advisable ( automaticity ) . 
  have you ever tried to think of the name/lyrics to a song while a different one is on at the same time ? 
  it 's significantly harder because there is much more overlap in the areas of the brain being used ( similarity ) . 
  so , while it 's an important idea , i doubt that eating would be too cognitively taxing while studying . 
  might as well get him some chaps too , he 'll want them soon enough . 
  well said point . 
  one thing i 'll add is that if you want to raise her self-esteem , telling her that there 's something wrong with her will make her feel worse about herself . 
  instead , the best thing you can do is accept her for who she is and make her feel supported/loved . 
  it 's really what everyone wants . 
  if she is depressed and you fill that role for her , you will be a big asset . 
  it 's not much worse than thinking askreddit is their psychologist, 
  your intentions are admirable and i 'm sure she appreciates it . 
  just be her friend , 
  you 're horrendously ugly, 
  cataplexy . 
  easy one because my so is narcoleptic haha . 
  by research i meant use basic priniciples that i know to try and give a best answer , using other resources if i can find them . 
  i 'm not an expert on alzheimer 's but to my understanding it does generally continue to deteriorate . 
  you should probably talk to his doctor about this though , not a psych student . 
  for me , it 's when robin williams starts saying `` it 's not your fault '' in good will hunting . 
  i cry like a little bitch . 
  it really works best as a puppet show . 
  i did , worked at a couple of football clubs ( in australia ) and then changed to psychology . 
  it was a cool major but just not for me . 
  however , i believe it 's much harder to get a sports management job in america than australia , you need to be an intern for a while to get anywhere . 
  he sounds like a champion . 
  i just did n't want to play the game . 
  i do n't want to have to network and become buddies with everyone to get ahead . 
  in australia anyway it 's very much a ` who you know ' industry and very few jobs are ever advertised to the public . 
   * shoots self in face *, 
  joke ... too ... easy ... ca n't ... hold ... any ... longer ... 
  quickly !, 
  say `` and my axe '' . 
  it never fails . 
  what do you mean , it 's comedy genius . 
  they make a username and then do the thing it says in their username . 
  it 's brilliant !, 
  were you blown away ? 
  sorry , i 'll let myself out . 
  i doubt that would be significant enough to make a difference . 
  do n't fuck with me , alright . 
  do n't fuck with me . 
  me too actually,
