   generally , i 'm lukewarm on the idea of including unpublished data because you are replacing one form of bias ( the file drawer effect ) with another ( who is in your contact list ) . 
  eh , there are pretty big listservs these days and if you 're working in the field you generally know most of the people working on it . 
  it definitely introduces less bias to include properly run unpublished work . 
  these are field studies so they 're specifically looking at experiments and not just hiring data . 
  these were experimental studies . 
  have you tried krennic lead ? 
  so let me be clear ; you want others who enjoy new content to be denied it because * you * can only enjoy the game if you gear everyone ? 
  why do n't you just * not * gear the new characters and let us enjoy new content ? 
  it 's almost like this is a game where choices matter ( unless you 're a whale ) and the goal of development should n't be everyone having everything they want . 
  simple : stop chasing the meta or save up resources if you 're not a whale . 
  again , the point of * strategy * games is to employ strategy . 
  if you would like me to draw you a `` you win '' sign in ms paint with some star wars figures around i 'd be happy to help you out . 
  is the issue being slower than r2 ? 
  it 's like he 's doing some challenge to have the worst opinion on every topic . 
  imagine being such a snowflake that others asking for equality makes you that upset . 
  [ link to the paper ] ( http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1065912917702499 ), 
  to all of us the thought of heaven is dear --, 
  why not be sure of it and make it here ? 
  no doubt there is a heaven yonder too ,, 
  but ` tis so far away -- and you are near . 
  men talk of heaven , -- there is no heaven but here ;, 
  men talk of hell , -- there is no hell but here ;, 
  men of hereafters talk , and future lives , --, 
  o love , there is no other life -- but here . 
  written by rub\u00c1iy\u00c1t of omar khayy\u00c1m - [ source for full poem ] ( http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/rub%c3%a1iy%c3%a1t_of_omar_khayy%c3%a1m_\\ ( le_gallienne \\ ) ), 
  this may be a really dumb question and i apologise if it 's basic but it has made me wonder more than once . 
  my instinct would be that the pane of glass fills x space and that does n't change so if assuming the rain is consistently spread would n't the same amount hit it no matter where that x space existed ? 
  i ca n't decide between these three :, 
  `` i do not fear death . 
  i had been dead for billions and billions of years before i was born , and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it . '', 
  - mark twain, 
  ( after a plot point where it was discovered that there was no divine path for a character ) `` if nothing we do matters then all that matters is what we do '' - joss whedon ( yes it 's embarrassing but it 's a brilliant line ), 
  `` to all of us the thought of heaven is dear , why not be sure of it and make it here ? 
  no doubt there is a heaven yonder too , but ` tis so far away -- and you are near . 
  men talk of heaven , -- there is no heaven but here ; men talk of hell , -- there is no hell but here ; men of hereafters talk , and future lives , -- o love , there is no other life -- but here . '', 
  - rub\u00c1iy\u00c1t of omar khayy\u00c1m, 
  post yours here so we can all share , 
  strobe light !, 
  strobe light !, 
  i do n't know if anyone will want to ask me questions but i know a lot of people on here will be going through what i 've been through and hope that i can give some advice or just let them know things will get better . 
  a little about me :, 
  old me : dropped out of univeristy , computer game addict ( about 14 hours a day ) , morbidly obese , stayed at home when not going to lan , keyboard warrior , virgin and most importantly just really sad all the time . 
  new me : studying psychology full-time ( hoping to help people like me ) , lost 45kg ( 100lbs for you yanks ) , in a long-term committed relationship and living with the girl i 'll marry some day . 
  i 've found things that give me pleasure and fulfilment in my life and ca n't see a way i 'll ever go back to the person i used to be . 
  anyway , i do n't really know what people will ask me but i 'm an open book on here so feel free to ask me about my struggles , tell me about yours or ask any advice you like . 
  hopefully i can help . 
  note : if you 're embarrassed to ask something feel free to pm me . 
  i could 've been reading this for a while but i missed out, 
  he 's a favourite of a bunch of redditors and seems like an immensely funny/interesting person . 
  i do n't care if my submissions do n't get upvotes but when a hugely important piece of scientific study into the mentality of believers gets nothing while rage faces and facebook screenshots dominate the top of the subreddit something is going wrong . 
  april fools, 
  please also mention which country, 
  edit : i love reddit , there are 92 comments and the top 2 responses are about weed and not waiting till midday for alcohol, 
  i quite enjoy a drink with dinner and if i have a beer there is no effect . 
  however , if i have a small drink of a spirit , even a low alcohol content one ( i quite enjoy a frangelico , yes i know how unmanly that is ) i get very hot to the point of sweating a little bit . 
  i 'm not at all drunk and it 's quite unpleasant . 
  any ideas ? 
  for reasons that will take too long to explain here ( no it 's not wow and i ca n't really change it ) i end up falling asleep past midnight most nights . 
  however , i 've always woken up early and even though i 'm a uni student i 'm still waking up early every morning . 
  just before 7 i 'll wake up busting for the bathroom and by the time i get back from the bathroom i 'm too awake to fall back asleep . 
  this happens every morning . 
  i 've tried not drinking any liquids after dinner but it does n't seem to help . 
  anyone have ideas ? 
  i know i * probably * do n't have one but hearing the doctor mention it has made me obsess about it . 
  please post anything you think will make me laugh or smile because i just really need it this morning . 
  thanks, 
  ps : it 's a self-post so i 'm clearly not faking for karma, 
  hey , i was wondering if anyone could help me and my so . 
  she suffers from narcolepsy and it 's quite debilitating . 
  after trying a lot of different treatments she has found out that xyrem is being used in the us and having some good results . 
  i have two questions :, 
  1 ) do any of you know much about xyrem ? 
  2 ) how do you find out if it has been approved for use in your own country ? 
  we live in australia and a while on google did n't help us , any ideas ( we just want to do some research before she tries to make an appointment to see the specialist again ) ? 
  okay , that title may have sounded pretty random but i want some input on some research i 've been doing . 
  ** this will not be taken as medical advice i was just wondering if anyone knows of any research on the topic to supplement my own reading ** . 
  my so suffers from narcolepsy which means that during sleep she is almost completely in rem . 
  this means that her quality of sleep is very low and suffers from significant drowsiness on a daily basis . 
  she takes stimulants for the drowsiness but it is not a long-term solution . 
  anyway , i was doing some reading about anti-depressants and noticed that one of the side-effects is a significant reduction in rem sleep . 
  my questions are as follows :, 
  1 ) any ideas what would happen if that side-effect affected her ? 
  2 ) she was taking a drug that was helping her sleep better but the side-effects are too severe . 
  there 's a drug called xyrem used in america but it is not yet approved in australia . 
  do you know of anything similar ? 
  i want to make something challenging and rewarding for dinner for me and my so . 
  trying to be healthy at the moment . 
  any ideas ? 
  hi reddit , here are some of the facts of the case :, 
  my girlfriend uses utorrent on the same wireless on her laptop and it does n't crash the system . 
  it crashes for about 2 minutes then it gets speed up for a few minutes , crashes again etc. 
  i 've tried limiting upload/download speed but again my girlfriend does n't and it does n't crash the net when she uses it . 
  any thoughts ? 
  i pay in karma !, 
  i 'll start . 
  i hate the `` i laughed because ... '' or `` i upvoted because ... '', 
  i 'll start : have you ever heard of an australian kiss ? 
  it 's like a french kiss , only downunder . 
  i ca n't even believe the maid forgot to make sure there was some, 
  apparently the fbi found osama 's address from sony , he had a psn account .
