  you do n't want to see . 
  just do n't look . 
  i think that 's unlikely given the amount of stuff that we 've created . 
  i see no reason to think that it 's any more likely the god of the bible did it than an an invisible pink unicorn named russel . 
  in fact , i can think of a few good reasons that it 's less likely . 
   note : i realise it was unclear whether you were suggesting that from your response but thought it could n't hurt to post it anyway . 
  was n't trying to be a cock , just trying to help . 
  not a big lie but when i was younger and my mum wanted me to do something she would always say `` okay , let 's see how quick you can be , i 'll time you . '', 
  she never timed me . 
  you can be an agnostic deist, 
  your parents lied about fucking santa ? 
  what monsters . 
  i was n't flaming , i was making a point about what you said . 
  i 'm sorry if you feel like i was attacking you personally , i was just giving my opinion by saying that the idea that god created the earth should be considered less likely than the idea that he did n't . 
  if you feel that 's incorrect you 're welcome to dispute my point but please do n't belittle * my * comments by saying that they 're nothing more than an attempt to flame when it was a serious point on a serious topic . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  that movie was terrible . 
  it was just weird but in a ` we 're trying to be clever ' kind of way but it did n't work at all . 
  nice try , david hasselhof, 
  not everyone lives in your timezone . 
  this website is n't exclusively for americans, 
  leading question is leading, 
  downvote for not understanding what he actually said . 
  upvote for ... well , no actually , just a downvote . 
  paid for my car outright , $ 16,500 . 
  i only had that much money because my last car was written off and i got $ 10,000 of that . 
  i 'd prefer to be notjesus duck, 
  * creepy voice *, 
  we are one . 
  we are reddit . 
  because it 's one of the , if not the greatest modern songs ever written and he is likely the greatest rockstar of his generation . 
   i did n't even know who this freddie guy was before reddit showed ( developed ) their obsession, 
  i do n't know who this da vinci guy is but it just looks like a picture of a face to me . 
  what 's the point ? 
  that 's what i keep telling people, 
  `` sorry but i think you might have the wrong number '', 
  it 's crazy but it just might work . 
  i did n't realise until i read your post . 
  thanks, 
  you 're not really, 
  why ? 
  downvote the irrelevant posts and circlejerking and it 's fine here . 
  do non-australians even know who plucka duck is ? 
  it was a character on a terrible variety tv show called ` hey hey it 's saturday ' that got revived recently . 
  not only was it terrible but on one of the first episodes after the current revival , they had contestants in a talent portion who did blackface . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3btec4e4oq ), 
  if it did , that mutation would n't be selected for . 
  complexity is n't necessarily better . 
  also , it will only confuse you to think of things as ` good ' or ` bad ' when it comes to evolution . 
  there 's no end goal or guiding force involved . 
  mutations that increase the likelihood of the organism reproducing remain in the gene pool . 
  actually , not to be a dick but downvoting on the user 's page does n't work . 
  they changed that a while back . 
  it looks like it 's doing something but it is n't . 
  it would n't be reasonable to stop them . 
  it would be reasonable to * not * give them additional funding . 
  taking too much of many different types recreational drugs can cause psychosis . 
  afaik acid is one of the most likely to cause it . 
  he should be receiving professional attention right now so it 's good news that he 's in hospital . 
  be honest with his family though , they have a right to know . 
  i probably should 've said ` can precipitate psychosis ' . 
  severe lack of sleep can do it too . 
  what makes it even more difficult is that mental disorders often go undiagnosed ** and ** drugs are often used to self-medicate . 
  i do n't know man . 
  his name is truthandjustice . 
  we have to trust that , just like how fox news are fair and balanced . 
  he has also done more for global welfare than just about anyone in the world . 
  and we 're going to need to confiscate your man card . 
  that which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence . 
   we all know that the world is insane 99 % of the time, 
  [ citation required ], 
  people are pretty good . 
  in experiments on < 1 year old babies where they watch a puppet show where 1 was playing nicely and the other was n't , they choose to play with the nice one.we notice the worst of people because it 's novel , it stands out . 
  we are nice , you just notice the bad shit . 
  it 's called the [ availability heuristic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/availability_heuristic ) and it 's largely exacerbated by 24 hour news media . 
  edit : also relevant , [ actor-observer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/actor-observer_bias ) bias . 
  it has been done many , many times . 
  let 's say that i want to open up a lemonade stand . 
  i think i 'll make lots of money but i do n't have enough money to buy all the lemons ( i need $ 10 worth ) . 
  what i might do , is ask all of my friends if they want to own a part of my lemonade stand , letting me still run it . 
  you think that i 'll make lots of money so you buy 10 % of my business ( let 's say that we agree that my stand is worth $ 30 so you give me $ 3 to help buy lemons ) . 
  well , after only a week of selling lemonade i 've been doing great !, 
  i 've made $ 50 and now my lemonade stand is worth way more money !, 
  i 'll put some money into buying more lemons and a better sign but the reward all of my friends that helped me out , i 'll give them a little bit of money ( dividends ) . 
  it 's a week later and now that my lemonade stand is doing great , i do n't need anyone 's support . 
  i ask you if i can buy back the 10 % of my lemonade stand you own . 
  however , now that i 'm making lots of money , you realise that it 's worth more than the $ 3 you pay me so you ask for $ 7 . 
  i decide it 's worth it and give you the $ 7 . 
  so , you 've made money in two ways . 
  i gave you money to say thanks for supporting me and when i wanted the share back ( or someone else wanted it ) it was worth more money than when you bought it so you can sell it for a higher price ( capital gains ) . 
  when they 're dead they stop eating peanut butter :(, 
  that 's the last sound i heard before snuffles died . 
  are you just waiting for the questions on midichlorians ? 
  where 's politeallcapsguy when you need him ? 
  that guy is so delightful . 
  you had to fuck forever to realise what two people fucking looks like ? 
  we do send messages subconsciously , in our body language , tone , facial expressions etc. 
  people are quite adept at picking up on these things . 
  in fact , we have what are called ` mirror neurons ' that help us experience what the other person is experiencing . 
  however , there is nothing supernatural involved in that .
