  i know this sounds like a radical system but if we put it in place it may stop all the people who complain about the quality of submissions on the front page because , as captains of the internet , they are truly wise in their knowledge of what other people should and should n't like . 
  tl ; dr the system is good , shut the fuck up if you do n't agree with what 's on the frontpage . 
  either downvote it , go to a subreddit or give us better content . 
  about two years ago i was working at a job that my girlfriend of the time had gotten me ( she worked in the same department ) . 
  about a month later we split up and one of the first things i did was call my manager and say `` do n't roster us on at the same time , cut my shifts as much as you need . '', 
  he responded by saying `` look , i 'd been meaning to talk to her about her availability so i 'll talk to her about it . '', 
  as my performance had been better than hers and she had pretty limited availability he stopped giving her shifts . 
  i felt so bad . 
  i had a spare but it was such a pain in the ass putting all my playlists back on there . 
  hey , there has been a lot of discussion in r/science about [ this ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20071648 ) meta-analysis . 
  some people have concerns about biases from the authors but the science goes a bit over my head . 
  i was wondering if anyone knew the study or more on the topic than myself and could help me understand whether or not i should consider the study valid . 
  bonus points for a youtube link and an explanation why, 
  seriously , this apartment fucking sucks . 
  my girlfriend gave me a spare but i really ca n't be bothered setting up another one . 
  i 'll start : last night , i learned that when you 're cutting chillis you should wash your hands ** before ** you go to the toilet . 
  darwin ? 
  turing ? 
  freud ? 
  pasteur ? 
  plato ? 
  there are lots of ways to go with this . 
  compiled ideas :, 
  * unsubtle excuse to tell a story, 
  * please justify my beliefs, 
  * anything about weed, 
  * do you think that [ insert really common opinion ], 
  * my question, 
  * how we use the bathroom, 
  * questions about sex, 
  * name my cat name plz, 
  * how do i. ... 
  * wat do u look like lol, 
  * how do i [ insert technical/computer question ] ? 
  * my dad watches / is a . 
  how can i get him to _ ? 
  help me add to this list reddit . 
  i need your help, 
  do you ever receive results and feel like you do n't deserve them ? 
  ever feel like it 's unfair if some things are easier for you ? 
  my biggest question is what 's the best length of time to hold a particular stretch . 
  i 've been told that most people do n't hold stretches for long enough and it should be about 20-30 seconds or you 're getting no benefit . 
  also , i 've heard some people say that holding for longer is useless and other people say that holding some stretches for over a minute ( like in yoga ) is really good . 
  also , if there 's any additional fun facts or useful information you can give me it would be greatly appreciated . 
  i 've posted on reddit a few times about my aversion to corporal punishment from parents . 
  i 'm often heavily downvoted and one of the most common replies i get is `` i was hit as a kid and i deserved it '' , which really made me wonder . 
  do you think that a child believing they deserve to be hit after receiving corporal punishment is a part of the child justifying being hit as they are growing up ? 
  for example , if my parents hit me it either means that hitting kids is a normal thing to do or it means that i 'm worth hitting/not loveable . 
  clearly a child will be more inclined to consciously believe that hitting is normal . 
  if you know of any research on this it 'd be great or just have some ideas about it . 
  i do n't know if anyone cares but i know there are a lot of people on reddit who may feel like they 're in the same place i was a few years ago and i just want to let them know that things can and will change if you commit to making the changes . 
  i know better than anyone how hard it can be and i know how hopeless it may feel now but there is hope . 
  please remember that many redditors are atheists , of different religions and/or live overseas and will want to participate . 
  edit : just to be clear , i 'm not saying that religious based charities are bad or that they do n't deserve support . 
  my point was simply that * some * religious charities do good work * and * proselytise . 
  i just think we should make every effort to be as inclusive as possible . 
  i do n't want this to become political or a fight about the good/bad of religion . 
  i read [ this ] ( http://www.gladwell.com/2000/2000_03_10_a_rock.html ) article from malcolm gladwell and was wondering if anyone can tell me if it 's true or not . 
  1 ) invisibility on command, 
  2 ) flying, 
  3 ) immunity to pain/harm, 
  4 ) super strength, 
  i can never decide . 
  on my 20 minute drive just then i had two cyclists ( at different times ) ride in between traffic at a red light and then sit in front of me at the red . 
  is your coffee too hot ? 
  did someone cut you off in traffic ? 
  is television shit these days ? 
  for me , i 'm passionate about psychology . 
  understanding and learning about the mind and then ( in a few years ) using that knowledge to help people find happiness . 
  what makes you excited for the future or light up to talk about ? 
  i was really hoping someone could help me sort the pseudo-science from the science . 
  bonus points if you tell me what you learned, 
  i 've learned that women do n't want you to solve their problems , they just want you to listen . 
  i 've been practicing mindful meditation using the ucla guided meditations on itunes . 
  i 've really enjoyed them and done it 8 times . 
  the first few times went really well and i felt great after it . 
  the last few times i 've become very emotional , to the point of crying ( not weeping but tears coming out ) . 
  i 'm not sad , just overwhelmed . 
  has anyone else ever had this experience ? 
  the last time it happened i noticed a strong sensation in the top of my stomach , i tried to go towards the sensation instead of away from it and it became incredibly intense . 
  i started a new job about 2 months and am earning decent money . 
  however , after not having any money for a long time it 's now odd that i can buy things and am yet to do anything but save . 
  please tell me what i should spend some money on . 
  not sure if anyone cares to read this but just wanted to say it anyway . 
  i suffered from what 's called a ` double depression ' which is a dysthymic depression that had major depressive episodes and it lasted for about 4/5 years . 
  life sucked , despite having a somewhat supportive family and i just could n't get my shit together ( dropped out of uni , did n't leave the house for periods of up to a month , addicted to online games , gained a lot of weight etc. ) . 
  after years of therapy though , i came out the other side . 
  i now have a perfect job , an amazing girlfriend and i 'm studying something ( psychology ) that i 'm incredibly passionate about ( i ca n't think of anything better than giving other people the chance to recover that i got ) . 
  i guess the reason i 'm telling you all this is that i see a lot of people on reddit talking about their troubles and their lives not being where they want it to be . 
  i just wanted to let you all know that despite things being so dark i could n't even imagine what light looks like , things did get better . 
  in fact , right now , things are as good as i could 've ever imagined . 
  tl ; dr life sucked , things got better , they will for you too . 
  i hate when movies have a scene where the protagonist is playing poker and instead of it showing them making a great play , they get really lucky and show no skill at all . 
  i 've found some great articles constrasting them but i was wondering if you know of , or know how to search for , articles on whether different types of depression patients are more suited to on therapy style or the other . 
  i 've found some great articles constrasting them but i was wondering if you know of , or know how to search for , articles on whether different types of depression patients are more suited to on therapy style or the other . 
  i 'm sure you guys have worse but to start us off :, 
  so on my first date with my ex i took her out for dinner and a movie , everything was going nicely . 
  i dropped her home and walked her to the door like a gentleman . 
  she invited me inside to `` hang out and watch some t.v '' ( it was about 1am at this point ) . 
  i said sure and came in , sat down on the couch and proceeded to watch 2 hours of t.v with her , not realising i was supposed to make a move .
