  my sister convinced me ( for a while ) that it was 100 degrees once ( celsius , not your american crap ) and everyone in the world died except for one man . 
  he only survived because he lived in an ice-block . 
  the separation of unscientific thinking from scientific questions and the proliferation of unscientific ideas . 
  i have no problem is you want to believe that the earth was created in 6 days or that diluting something over and over is making it stronger or even that you can talk to dead people . 
  if you start telling people to use it over regular medicine or try to dictate public policy we have a serious problem . 
  i 'd hate to be radioactive man , what with the cancer giving and all . 
  unprotected sex with a skanky girl that gave me chlamydia . 
  i call him petey the pirate and he tells me to burn things . 
  he 's not * really * imaginary though , he just tells me that people would n't understand . 
  start pretending to write a diary about graphic homosexual encounters, 
  because not everyone that uses the internet is over the age of 15, 
  emotional self-discovery . 
  woah , woah , slow down . 
  why do n't people outside of america just have american time ? 
  told a girl that had had a crush on me for ages that i would go out with her ( it was the only way she 'd let me kiss her ) . 
  got home and told her i 'd made a mistake , she spent the next 2 months sending me pictures of cut marks on her wrist and saying that she would kill herself if we were n't together . 
  [ if i could - jack johnson ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgeaocpqjcy ), 
  [ hallelujah - jeff buckley ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8awff7eac4 ), 
  beethoven, 
  i worked in the produce department of a supermarket where my entire job was refilling produce that was going empty . 
  my boss was generally a moron but one moment really sticks out . 
  i was standing in front of the potatoes with a trolley that had 3 boxes of potatoes on it and one in each hand as he walks up to me and says `` imnotjesus , we need more potatoes , can you please fill them up . '', 
  there 's no way to `` cure '' yourself of being gay . 
  you can live a very happy life as a gay person but only if you come to terms with it . 
  no intelligent person will tell you anything different and i beg you to try it . 
  i know it seems like a horrible alternative right now but i promise that as you come to terms with it , it will feel so much easier and much more right . 
  check out this site : http://www.itgetsbetter.org/, 
  i highly recommend therapy from a professional psychologist for a lot of people . 
  it is completely normal to not have all of the answers emotionally and for a lot of people it can simply make for a happier life . 
  i would n't be a fraction as happy as i am now without it . 
  edit : if you 're scared to do it feel free to ask me some questions ( even in pm ) and i 'll gladly help you out . 
  wow , tough critic . 
  give the guy a break . 
  he camouflaged it with a seal suit . 
  a shotgun, 
   i turned around , got on my knees ( in between his legs still ) , and leaned in for it !, 
  i 'm choosing to ignore the rest of your post and take this part out of context, 
  i was 15 , she was 14, 
  i made her go see the school counsellor who was fucking useless . 
  after seeing her for a little bit he wanted me to come join the two of them so we could all talk together . 
  i agreed because i felt guilty and wanted to help her . 
  so i go to a meeting with the two of them and she sits there not talking while he tells me that she does n't say anything so there 's nothing he can do and then says `` you two should just talk about it '' and leaves the fucking room . 
  she then spent the next two hours or so telling me that she 'd do `` anything '' to be with me ( i was 15 and she was the only girl i 'd kissed , ca n't say there was n't a part of me that was tempted ) . 
  she left the school not long after . 
  sorry but study after study has shown that spanking is not an effective teaching tool unless you 're trying to teach your kids to be aggressive . 
  it leads to immediate compliance but lower overall levels of mental health , aggression and moral internalisation . 
  in summary , do n't hit your kids . 
  clearly there is no way to have a child that is n't a spoiled brat without hitting them , well done sir , you truly know everything there is to know about parenting . 
  i get that but you 're not going to get any other answer . 
  being gay is n't a disease , it 's not even a bad thing . 
  no-one is telling you that you have a terminal illness , we 're just telling you that it 's who you are . 
  it 's exactly the same as if you told me that i have blue eyes . 
  i get that it 's not what you want to hear but i 'm sorry , it 's just the way it is . 
  i was never hit and i do n't have burn marks all over my hand from the stove , neither does anyone i know that was n't hit . 
  you can teach a 3 year old not to do things that will cause them pain . 
  my baby cousin , at 2 years old , would tell adults that she was n't allowed nuts because it made her tummy sore . 
  if you ca n't teach something important without hitting you 're just not explaining it right . 
  you never want to teach your kid that they 're going to be hurt by their parents sometimes or that violence is a way to teach people things . 
  holy shit dude , stop taking everything i say and making it the worst possible extreme . 
  children do n't always understand all reasoning , no , but that does n't mean you ca n't explain things to them or punish them in ways that do n't involve hitting . 
  also , i do n't really know why you keep going back to these extremes of putting kids on medication but it 's really not a choice between ritalin and spanking , there are other ways things can turn out . 
  hitting is never appropriate punishment . 
  sorry , there are other ways to punish . 
  why do you think you `` head is straight '' ? 
  i 'm really sorry that that 's your experience of ritalin and i agree it was hugely overused in the us at the time ( from what i hear , i live in australia ) . 
  clearly you were n't hit as a regular punishment because it only happened once . 
  i 'm not saying i have some catch-all answer to parenting and i accept that there are often hard circumstances that surround it . 
  all i 'm saying is that there * are * other ways to deal with kids than hitting and not hitting your kid does n't * necessarily * lead him to a life of prescription medication . 
  not a joke answer but i 'd want `` what a wonderful world '' played with a note that says i want people to remember me for how much i loved life . 
  mark twain : ' i do not fear death . 
  i had been dead for billions and billions of years before i was born , and had not suffered . ', 
  we experience the universe through our brain . 
  with no blood in my brain i will experience nothing , i will not exist besides in the memories of my loved ones . 
  the moments before will most likely be very painful but hopefully brief . 
  i 'm sure my brain will hook me up with some fun chemicals to make the ride easier though . 
  my virginity, 
  [ insert retort that plays on initial joke ], 
  not sure why this was downvoted , it 's true that it hugely affects public policy even if you think that it 's not right . 
  tonight ? 
  i 've spent the last 2 weeks in the same seat studying for exams and i 've spent about half as much reading my textbook as i have been reddit, 
  its about a story my friend told me . 
  really depends on what sort of thing it is and how capable you are of making it yourself, 
  no way , john beat him up for kissing a girl he liked ? 
  it 's not like she was cheating on john , she just did n't like him . 
  john 's clearly the worst part of this, 
  i like this list, 
  yeh but i was reacting to you saying worse friend . 
  i would be annoyed but i 'd still never beat up a friend over it . 
  right and tim should n't have done it . 
  that being said john is still a * bigger * douchebag for beating him up . 
  no i just comment a fuckload, 
  fair call . 
  i took `` beat the crap out of him '' to mean a pretty decent beating . 
  if he hit him once or twice it 's probably fine . 
  redditor for 7 months . 
  i 'll allow it . 
  no-one should have to go through that, 
  scrubs - my screw up, 
  my so is awesome at small , really thoughtful gifts . 
  i 've been broke recently and desperate to get a subscription to audible.com and she decided to get it for me as a present because i 'd been working so hard on my exams .
