  therefore , i ca n't say scientifically that `` you should be moral '' in the sense that you 're asking ( read sam harris ' book ` the moral landscape ' for a really good discussion on this topic ) , that 's a philosophical question . 
  what i can say is that there is strong evidence that morality is innate . 
  yeh making her more upset by saying she 's not your mum will certainly make her more rational . 
  do n't forget podcasts, 
  she did experience it , that does n't mean that it 's true or proof of anything supernatural . 
  our brains are very complex things and our perception is subject to all sorts of problems at the best of times . 
  in a situation like surgery , especially if there were complications , her body was under and immense amount of stressed and tried to cope with what was going on . 
  her brain created the experience . 
  it 's real because it 's real to her but there 's no mechanism by which one 's essence/soul/mind etc can leave the body and come back . 
  however , we know of plenty of mechanisms that create false memories or false experiences . 
   hopefully after the shock has worn off she looks at things a little more clearly and rationally, 
  your whole point was that you think she needs to be more rational but you 're also doing something that will clearly make her less rational . 
  first you 'll need to define natural in that context, 
  the side of my cubicle . 
  i do n't think it will be an effective weapon . 
  because we do n't use only auditory information to understand speech . 
  ca n't link it to you myself ( am at work ) but search on youtube for the mcgurk effect . 
  the sound of the video will actually be different based on whether or not you 're watching the mouth move . 
  hit on megan fox, 
  put your alarm on the opposite side of the room, 
  5 days . 
  i would n't recommend it , it 's very , very bad for you and you risk severe psychosis . 
  check out the kahn academy, 
  random crap around the house this morning , now i 'm at work, 
  got back from 26 hour flight at 8am , could n't go to sleep so i stayed up . 
  first night friends wanted to see me , did n't get home till 5 . 
  next night , same issue . 
  after that , decided it would be ` fun ' to see how long i could last ( ended up stopping after 5 days when my parents got home ) . 
  in hindsight , it was part of a breakdown that led to a depression . 
  was actually smoking weed most of the time . 
  no other drugs though, 
  yeh i have no idea how i did it . 
  my brain was all full of fuck by the end of it, 
  nice try , netflix salesman . 
  touch my genitals, 
  a few of the leading theories on fetishism ( feel free to add , i 've done a bit of study on it but it 's not my speciality ) - if you want further reading on it , the brain that changes itself by norman doidge discusses fetishism extensively :, 
  1 ) it 's a misfiring of normal circuitry . 
  doidge argues that it 's no coincidence that the most common fetish ( feet ) is located next to the gentials in the somatosensory cortex and that as sensation is n't discrete in nature , activation of related nodes leads to a combining of sexual and other sensations . 
  2 ) fetishism is a way of taking control or creating enjoyment out of an otherwise unpleasant experience . 
  doidge discusses that there is a disproportionate number of people who enjoy sadomasochistic sex that also had to endure severe pain as a child . 
  a similar theory could be used to explain embarassment fetishes etc. 
  3 ) there is simply a natural variation in sexual preference . 
  in the same way that one is born hetero or homosexual , one may be born with a greater affinity for a certain type of sexual stimulation . 
  4 ) fetishes display an unconscious wish of some description . 
  ( this is somewhat of a neofreudian interpretation so take its veracity with a grain of salt . ), 
  sorry , i do n't have any textbooks on me as i 'm at work so this is the best i can do off the top of my head . 
  same could be said for intelligent design , ghosts , hoemopathy etc. 
  people are poor reasoners and are poorly equipped to know the difference between correlation and causation and have many flaws in our reasoning due to biases and heuristics . 
  evo psych is full of what we call `` just so '' hypotheses . 
  something is a certain way , you find an explanation that fits just so and proclaim the evolutionary advantages . 
  while it 's interesting and important to consider evolutionary pressures , you need to remember that this is largely theoretical and unverifiable ( like freud and other out-dated thinkers works ) . 
  that 's not to say this * is n't * true , just to say that we ca n't exactly design a study to show that it is . 
  subtle ? 
  in a thread full of simpsons quotes he quotes the simpsons and you call it subtle ? 
  might want to try spelling it correctly , dingus . 
  what a wonderful world - louis armstrong, 
  i dare you to be in a bad mood while listening to that, 
  a vagina, 
  you could always , i do n't know , talk to him about it and not random strangers on the internet that do n't know you or him, 
  also , steven pinker has a new book on violence and shows that in history you had about 15 % chance of dying from violence whereas in the 20th/21st century ( that included many bloody wars ) you had a 3 % chance . 
  people kept getting me confused with somone else, 
  reddit is a website . 
  it has no opinions . 
  `` get off me grandma , i 'm done . '', 
  - my brother, 
  none because i am an adult of sound mind, 
  i seem to remember that the beatles met their manager on craigslist, 
  you need to apply for a visa first . 
  you ca n't just move to a new country . 
  impressed someone got the reference, 
   this is a personal and important decision, 
  which is why you 're asking anonymous strangers on the internet ? 
  good will humping, 
  oh , sure . 
  yeh , i 'm a girl , totally true and yeh i had one it was totes cool . 
  stupid, 
  morons will think the world is ending, 
  is blowjob one word or two ? 
  you * will * burn more calories if you 're emotionally excited . 
  however , it 's very much unmaintainable . 
  the long-term effects of prolonged stress ( your body did n't evolve in a time when you had consistent psychological arousal ) are pretty dire so i would n't recommend it . 
  we have an ` internal body clock ' that 's called your [ circadian rhythm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circadian_rhythms ) . 
  basically , different external cues and hormonal cycles let your body know when it 's time to sleep for the night ( unless you have narcolepsy ) . 
  a red one , a blue one and a green one . 
  assistant ** to ** the regional manager . 
  #### see what i did there ? 
  i got the reference you were alluding to because we both watch that obscure show . 
  feel free to upvote me if you also like funny things . 
  more wishes . 
  always got ta close that loophole man, 
  mind ... blown, 
  actually i do n't . 
  medic asthmatic who smoked like a chimney . 
  oh , he also helped get one of the worst dictators of the 20th century into power . 
  hooray . 
  contrary to popular belief , being on the t-shirt of douchey college kids does n't make you a good person . 
  according to most twin studies , genetics seems to account for about 50 % of iq ( one recent study that was very extensive estimated it to be a little bit lower but most studies come out around 50 ) . 
  i think the best way to think of it is that genes set the outer boundaries of intelligence and environment decides where you land on that spectrum . 
  psychology :, 
  unconscious processes exist and they affect behaviour , emotions and mental well-being .
