  water . 
  there , all the stupid answers are gone . 
  i think a purpose is the most important . 
  whether that purpose is a career or a passion or a family , striving for the purpose is what matters . 
  / r/self, 
  you ca n't . 
  make a new post /, 
  yup . 
  this could be a phase , it could be really how ( s ) he feels . 
  please note , that being transgender is n't a mental illness ( i assume herborist was n't saying that it is one ) but that a therapist will help him/her clear up how they feel . 
  also , if ( s ) he is indeed transgender , it 's likely that some mental health help is n't unnecessary as it can be very emotionally challenging ( especially as you 're unlikely to give surgery to a 7 year old ) . 
  porn did n't `` drive you mad '' , you wanted more sex than your girlfriend and you did n't have the right tools and/or relationship to talk about those problems . 
  it 's not abnormal for a guy to want sex more than once a week . 
  that place has never helped anyone . 
  mindsight by daniel j siegel . 
  it changed my life . 
  it 's a book on the incredible science behind mindfulness meditation by a psychiatrist and researcher out of ucla . 
  gameboy for sure . 
  having pokemon wherever i go , it was the best . 
  they were forced to give refunds in australia . 
  the bullshit is still strong in america though . 
  it 's also all 13 year olds ** and ** all 40 year old virgins . 
  what claim exactly are you making about the newsgroups ? 
  a series of pulleys . 
  in all seriousness , unless they 're very , very large it 's not really an issue for almost all positions . 
  you 're not a bigot , you 're just not being particularly sensitive to how big a deal this is to him . 
  also , you may be a bigot . 
  they 're not as jaded as us . 
  everything is still new and exciting, 
  making a reddit account, 
  it depends though . 
  i 've read the same book to my cousin no less than 100 times . 
  in fact , she can recite the thing by heart and it 's still her favourite . 
  my mother keeps telling me the story of when i said `` when i grow up , i want to be a mummy '' . 
  yes , i am a man . 
  it 's already out of date . 
  if you 've asked her to let you know when she goes over there and she is n't , that 's a reason to be upset . 
  you 're * allowed * to make any rules you like , she can either accept them or not . 
  if she does n't you get to decide if that 's a deal-breaker for you . 
  what he means is that learning to do things that you do n't like is good for you . 
  he 's being a dick but he 's not necessarily wrong . 
  do n't bitch about subreddits you do n't like . 
  if you do n't like them , unsubscribe . 
  you do n't hear me constantly calling / r/guns a circlejerk because they talk about how much they like guns do you ? 
  why ? 
  he agreed to that deal . 
  if he does n't feel comfortable with it he should say no , not just ignore her request and then get angry at her for being unreasonable . 
  i 'm a confident guy in general but i have this one friend that can walk into any room and just own it . 
  he can instantly be the centre of the room and everyone wants to talk to him . 
  objectively , i know i 'm actually more confident than him but i wish i had that skill . 
  yes . 
  easy question is easy . 
  it 's so much better because, 
  a ) assholes do n't cause you to not get paid sufficiently, 
  b ) you can actually reward good work because tips are a bonus , not an expectation, 
  it 's about signalling your long-term commitment to your partner . 
  it 's not for everyone but it 's a nice way of saying `` i 'm in it for the long haul '', 
  i 'm not the pheasant plucker , i 'm the pheasant plucker 's son . 
  i 'm only plucking pheasants , till the pheasant plucker comes . 
  here 's what helped me through my last breakup . 
  today , this is the worst you 'll feel . 
  tomorrow wo n't be as bad . 
  tomorrow you 'll be able to say `` i 'm passed the worst of it '' with confidence and know that each day it will get a little easier . 
  the few that are actually unique each time , like the etch-a-sketch dude . 
  it 's really difficult to give them standard iq tests . 
  ever found a pencil that small ? 
  let me start by saying that they 're assholes . 
  you ca n't change her parents . 
  you just need to know if she 's going to stand by you anyway , with all that entails . 
  if so , suck it up and take it , hope they soften over time . 
  that 's what i assumed, 
  that 's not a scientific question that 's appropriate for here . 
  if it 's distressing , talk to a psychologist . 
  no yes/no answer questions . 
  daes are yes/no answer questions . 
  they do n't belong on askreddit . 
  if you knew how many posts you never see because of me , you 'd be very surprised . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's like saying `` what 's the point of going to a movie when it 's only going to finish ? '', 
  life has whatever meaning you give it . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  primary school : teach basics of emotional awareness, 
  secondary school : have scientists creating the science curriculum . 
  college : government pays of college placements ( like they do in australia ) as a loan , it gets paid back once you start earning a certain amount . 
  that way , no-one has to miss college because they ca n't afford it . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://reddit.honestbleeps.com ), 
  you ca n't control how she reacts . 
  the only thing you can do is give her time and hopefully she 'll work past this . 
  if not , it may be worth moving out . 
  that 's up to you . 
  i have the exact same thing , except that i was stabbed with the pencil by a crazy kid in my class . 
   your brain records every moment and you 'll always have your memories . 
  while that 's a sweet notion and i do get your overall point , those two claims are scientifically inaccurate . 
  haha the first comment was n't to be on your ass , i was trying to add/clarify since you were getting downvoted a lot . 
  i still do n't agree that there 's enough evidence to suggest that we actually record everything but i could be wrong . 
  learn to meditate . 
  there 's a tonne of evidence that it 's incredibly valuable to your physical and mental health and it will teach you some incredible skills that will help you throughout your life .
