  if the child is being annoying , you can put up with it to some extent . 
  if the child is touching your shit , you have every right to ask the child to stop and if they do n't , politely tell the parent . 
  9/10 times the parent will be incredibly embarassed and apologise profusely . 
  suit yourself dude, 
  no sir . 
  people kept getting me confused, 
  as an australian i 'm thoroughly looking forward to watching the best reality show on american tv . 
  the election . 
  yeh , he 's my neighbour 's gardener . 
  do n't be disapproving then . 
  say something like `` hey , i 'd really appreciate if you stop doing that because i 'm trying to play my game . '', 
  if he keeps doing it , then escalate to telling his mother politely . 
  the leading theories on fetishism depend on which subsection of psychology you 're from . 
  the major theories are ; miswiring in the brain ( that 's why feet fetishes are the most common - closest to the genitals in the somatosensory cortex ) , living out unconscious fantasies based on unexpressed desires as a child or a way of creating pleasure out of unpleasant experiences ( a disproportionate number of children with painful , early childhood diseases then go on to be into bdsm ) . 
  sex, 
  except that not all women are willing to get an abortion . 
  if you have sex with her , you 're buying into that . 
  if you get into the car with a friend that has no airbags in his car , he might be a safe driver but if a crash happens , you 're in trouble . 
  no that 's incredibly stupid . 
  curing cancer would be worth billions of dollars . 
  i agree that she 's equally responsible . 
  however , you do n't have equal rights to decide what happens to her body if a mistake is made . 
  i have a flying unicorn in my pocket . 
  prove me wrong . 
  [ steven novella ripping the hype to shreds ] ( http://www.skepticblog.org/2011/05/16/another-cure-for-cancer/ ), 
  right . 
  he was with someone he trusted and in a shit situation you made an agreement . 
  that 's my point though , you know yourself what distress it would 've caused you to abort at that point . 
  i 'm completely pro-choice but forcing a woman to choose between an abortion or financial support is insanity . 
  yup . 
  that 's right . 
  if that same girl deceives you and gives you hiv you ca n't abort that . 
  that 's what you risk when having sex . 
  if you 're not willing to do that , find someone you trust or do n't have sex . 
  if you 're fucking a girl you do n't know well enough to know if she 'd trap someone into a fucking pregnancy without using a condom , you 're a moron . 
  no problems at all , it helps understand how you feel about a topic to have a good argument sometimes . 
  my feeling is that it 's what you sign up for when you have sex with someone . 
  if you 're not being safe ( that includes trusting her to take birth control when you do n't know her well enough ) then you 're taking a big risk and you have to live with the consequences . 
  if i get into a car with you , i 'm taking the risk that you accidentally hit another car . 
  if you 're the kind of guy that would deliberately have an accident or would be reckless , i do n't get into the car with you . 
  no sir , die-hard lefty . 
  exactly right . 
  sex is a risk and you have to live with consequences of it sometimes . 
  queen - who wants to live forever, 
  tea . 
  i only drink it when sick . 
  i made a new years resolution that i 'd never make another new years resolution . 
  almost 12 months later and i 'm holding strong . 
  at the time i knew 2 atheists and it felt like such a safehaven, 
  con : cold, 
  go to the police and file a report . 
  say that he has n't done anything to you yet , but you want something on record saying that he has threatened you . 
  orthodox/reform/liberal refer to different types of judaism . 
  orthodox is the most based on the torah ( old testament ) and therefore named the orthodox movement . 
  reform/liberal are interpretations that happen to be much more liberal and allowing ( female rabbis etc. ), 
  the life of brian, 
  i hate it but i believe some men like it, 
  i 'm really , really full . 
  i ate way too much lunch because i 'm at work and needed to spend enough to make a minimum delivery order . 
  i would ask bill gates for $ 1 billion, 
  this . 
  op is the asshole in this story . 
  he had no right to look at her phone . 
  you tell him sister . 
  people say stupid shit that other people feel the need to reply to . 
  call her out on what exactly ? 
  what did she do wrong ? 
  if that were the case he would n't be `` getting rid of her '' , he 'd be dumping her . 
  op was clearly hooking up with a girl that he was n't in a relationship with . 
  i upvoted you . 
  you 're welcome . 
  stuck my dick in crazy, 
  r/trees is over there, 
  if you kissed them before you were together there is no issue . 
  if you kissed them while you were together she deserves to know . 
  also , while you 're at college , take a few english classes . 
  is this a sincere question ? 
  if so , you 're an idiot . 
  you need to speak to a professional . 
  this is a serious issue and you should not taking psychological advice from anonymous strangers on the internet . 
  i wish you the best of luck . 
  you 're annoyed because your brother 's girlfriend touches his arm ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  right . 
  you made it very confusing . 
  there 's a convenient place to crap your pants ? 
  santorum, 
  and ? 
  what did the website have ? 
  not with you at all . 
  that 's obscenely retarded . 
  allow yourself to be sad . 
  find company if you need it . 
  do n't try to drink the pain away and do n't try to pretend it 's not there . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  it wo n't ever feel as painful as it does right now . 
  no pics are out yet for this year , it still gets the message across though . 
  happy new year to you too sir, 
  90 % of their posts are from r/occupywallstreet . 
  you might as well take them from r/conspiracy it 's such low-hanging fruit .
