  it 's nice when it 's a link but when it 's a self-post it takes days to clean out your inbox , especially if it 's a mod post . 
  you would n't believe how many people will make a comment when there are already literally 5,000 comments in the thread . 
  yeah , especially when you 're literally reading the 300th version of that same joke . 
  she 's got this really interesting kink . 
  she likes to dress up as herself and then act like a fucking bitch all the time . 
  i hate you . 
  i used to be a virgin . 
  i still am but i used to , too . 
  the only cigarette i 've ever smoked was given to me by a cop in bali when i was 13 . 
  how am i ripping him off when 90 % of the people here know that it 's his gag ? 
  i had no intention to pass it off as my own joke . 
  in fact , the whole point was that i was transposing a well-known joke into a different topic . 
  it 's * less * funny if people do n't know where it 's from . 
  probably , i do n't remember . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/vpmqc/i_have_never_had_a_bowl_of_cereal_what_are_some/c56il8k?context=1 ), 
  you 're about to get 400 messages from / r/trees users who will tell you that it cures cancer . 
  enjoy !, 
  i used to get them almost daily . 
  it was horrible . 
  the only way to stop them was the pinch my nose and wait it out . 
  i got so accustomed to doing this that i 'd keep driving while doing it . 
  the only problem with that is that nosebleeds stop when they clot . 
  one such clot decided to dislodge and fall into my mouth while i was driving on the freeway . 
  give me some sort of set up that lets me steal a joke from another comedian . 
  quick !, 
  it could have been australia too . 
  if it were to be , the last sentence would have to be changed to :, 
   and that reducing the tax rate on the richest few is a viable way to alleviate the national debt, 
  i thought it was funny , i did n't realise what i was getting myself into . 
  i wish i 'd started a count of all the people who have said, 
   are you sure you 're not jesus ? 
   nice try , jesus, 
   lucky you 're not jesus [ insert vague reference to what i said ], 
  are you sure that you 're not in a hitchcock movie ? 
  for those wondering - neurochemicals are n't that simple . 
  they have certain properties in certain amounts but they also have severe effects if there is too much . 
  also , too much of one chemical can affect the amount of another chemical . 
  in the case of schizophrenia , dopamine suppressing drugs as too much dopamine has been linked to the positive symptoms of schizophrenia ( positive symptoms are those that cause something to be there that does n't exist - hallucinations , delusions ) . 
  a very cursory knowledge of neuroscience would show that he has absolutely no idea what he 's talking about . 
  as soon as you say `` big pharma '' or `` pharmaceutical shills '' you immediately lose all credibility with me . 
  best unknown subreddits hits the front page every 3 days or so, 
  apparently the role was going to be very different but it evolved because of how he played it in the audition . 
  i think you can say donald glover too . 
  dan harmon has said that he could n't have imagined the way that relationship turned out and i think it 's the best part of the show . 
  i guess the talent runs in the family . 
  we most certainly do n't only use 10 % of our brain . 
  additionally , using `` all of our brain '' is called a seizure and is generally considered undesirable . 
  you ca n't practice as a psychologist with a bachelor 's degree and you wo n't find many jobs . 
  i study it and love it but it 's a long-haul to get to where you want to go, 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  also , you want to speak to a neuropsychologist , not a psychiatrist . 
  brian, 
  i could have my life back . 
  psychological issues are still medical issues and people `` guessing '' at conditions is the reason the topics are banned . 
  my very excellent mother just sent us nothing, 
  some lovers try positions that they ca n't handle - scaphoid , lunate , triquetral , pisiform , trapezium , trapezoid , capitate and hamate, 
  all orwell books are equal but some books are more equal than others . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  she needs medical help , not advice from strangers on the internet . 
  [ the google effect ] ( http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/therapy-matters/201107/the-google-effect ), 
  i 'm just me . 
  i have a couple of old novelties but that 's it, 
  i thought you were suggesting that i also ran those accounts . 
  i do not . 
  as for how i get the karma , i do n't really know . 
  my old job gave me a fair bit of free time on reddit . 
  i have n't been on much recently though . 
  i installed an iv in my car so i can take my caffeine while driving to work . 
  i 've been training for a new job so my days have been fairly busy . 
  also , i go through patches where i get sick of posting . 
  i 've still be around , modding and the like . 
  andrew is around , he 's just always posting in / r/secretcabal, 
  my problem is that people do n't feel the effects of personal information being posted or inappropriate questions straight away . 
  some guy gets bad medical advice on askreddit and it 's not like the whole community feels the sting and learns why it 's important . 
  i would n't be okay with having no-one monitor those rules for a day . 
  to be clear , by location you mean mentioning that he once went to a state ? 
  that 's not a location . 
  thanks pal, 
  it 's weird looking at fat pete holmes, 
  i did n't but i just tried it , and enjoyed it . 
  i 've never got this one . 
  sure , it 's gory but it 's not actually worse . 
  it 's the better outcome . 
  i love that in a joke about violent anal sex you felt the need to sensor the word ass . 
  melatonin and modafinil ... are you an insomniac , a narcoleptic or both ? 
  if you want further reading , [ here is a link to the largest meta-analysis on the topic ] ( http://www.repeal43.org/docs/gershoff%20meta-analytic%20review%3a02.pdf ) . 
  he 's right . 
  people on the internet never lied before karma, 
  i was recently reading a psych paper on corporal punishment ( parents using hitting as a behaviour modification strategy ) and the authors consistently use the letters cp to signify corporal punishment . 
  there was a lot of cp talk in a paper about naughty children . 
  if you ever see personal info in the comments , ** please ** message us directly with a link . 
  we see reports but much slower than messages . 
  yeah . 
  reports work fine for most things but a message is best for personal info . 
  we ban instantly for it , too . 
  people report all sorts of things and for all sorts of reasons . 
  reporting is `` correct '' for personal info but considering that it 's , by far , our most important rule , it 's worth messaging us so we can remove it instantly . 
  reports do n't always get seen straight away .
