  wow most of the suggestions here are bad . 
  just tell him what you saw and have a conversation about it . 
  for fuck 's sake , i 'm so sick of the `` i do n't know what to do about x in my relationship '' questions when 90 % of the time the answer is have a fucking conversation, 
  capital letters mean more people notice me . 
  hi mom !, 
  sweet !, 
  i only need a bit more karma until i can trade it in at the reddit store . 
  dae like things that most people like ? 
  considering the technological advancements we 'd need to get there , no . 
  do n't confuse `` most earth-like '' with just like earth, 
  take myself out of power because i 'd be woefully unqualified . 
  7 is the perfect amount . 
  i know right . 
  because no-one deserves to die more than talented musicians who make music for a different demographic . 
  what an asshole . 
  ca n't find any references at the moment ( am at work ) but i believe there was a study done that showed older people tend to estimate time differently to younger people . 
  also , david eagleman has done some work on perception of time . 
  for example , he find people estimated time very differently when they felt in danger . 
  i know that 's not the most precise answer ever but i hope it 's a good starting point . 
  `` does period blood look different to other blood '', 
  never again . 
  where 's spot . 
  i ca n't imagine their english skills are that good . 
  `` while you 're down there '' when she 's picking something up has worked a surprising amount of times for me . 
  she 's a keeper . 
  because this is an ama not an r/politics cirlejerk . 
  he did n't ask a question . 
  roll him onto his side . 
  oh , shit dude , you 're probably going to jail . 
  i do n't think that i could say that it 's impossible , but i can tell you that it 's very , very far ahead of our capabilities and it looks like the way memories are stored is far more complicated than x neuron = y memory . 
  my bet would be on no . 
  why would you have an adult conversation with your wife when you can complain and scheme with anonymous strangers on the internet . 
  sahemfullycreative you so silly . 
  learn to be in touch with your emotions and discover your deeper wants and desires . 
  start by spending a few minutes each day just focussing on your breath or exploring your own emotions . 
  in no time at all , you 'll feel freer and more open to yourself . 
  it does ... 
  it does . 
  nothing but friday by rebecca black, 
  some people just want to watch the world burn . 
  it will go * okay *, 
  this is n't really a scientific question . 
  nice try , creepy 42 year old guy . 
  this is n't something i can answer with certainty because you 're asking for a projection . 
  however , all the study i have done about memory ( i study psychology ) has led me to believe we are quite far away from that point ( if it 's possible to do with that level of precision and i do n't think it is due to the semantic nature of memory storage ) . 
  but , you 're more than welcome to keep your current opinion and i 'm not really trying to convince you of anything here . 
  in the time it took you to post this and complain you could 've removed several . 
  ability to press a button that causes fat to metabolise until the button is pressed again . 
  ironically , if he 'd gone to college he 'd know this . 
  i 'm sorry i could n't hear what you said over the rustling of your tinfoil hat . 
   his/her own dick, 
  translation :, 
  i want facts that i can parrot but i do n't want to have to read . 
  either that or you 're crackpot . 
  i 'm leaning towards the latter . 
  is that also your biggest pet peeve ? 
  huh ? 
  what do you base that on ? 
  sometimes when a man and a woman love each other very much they give each other special cuddles . 
  sometimes they 're so eager for special cuddles they do n't wait quite long enough after mummy 's special friend comes to visit and daddy might have to look down and see a nice piece of clot on his member . 
  he will probably see it every time he closes his eyes . 
  never . 
  however , i 'll introduce reddit to my kids if it will result in karma . 
  sweet , delicious karma . 
  great post . 
  as rubes6 alluded to , too much or too little of any of the characteristics have positives and negatives attached , there 's no * perfect * design . 
  the other thing to remember is that the five factors interact . 
  for example , high extraversion can lead to risk-taking behaviour but if they 're high in conscientousness too , it will be somewhat mitigated . 
  i would think that his higher priority would be learning basic math, 
  elton john - your song, 
  are you 8 or 80 ? 
  any age inbetween and i 'm embarassed for you . 
  reading the new posts in askreddit shake my faith in humanity, 
  make your content available online ( in all countries - fuck you hulu ) and use advertising . 
  i pirate for convenience . 
  told my aunt that she had a nice moustache . 
  she 's my favourite aunt too , just did n't think . 
  sure . 
  i 'm more than happy for companies to make money if they 're producing good content . 
  sure , as long as the ads are n't too intrusive . 
  maybe a few less than tv but i would prefer * not * to pirate so i 'd be willing to put up with some . 
  i went with the old alanis morisette double-bluff for the ultimate irony . 
  confirmation bias , confusing correlation and causation , evolutionary pressure to over-estimate the risk in false-negatives , authority and a few other cognitive biases too . 
  people believe lots of silly things , you do too . 
  might not be quite that silly but we all have flawed logic . 
  it 's never lupus . 
  on a serious note , this is a medical issue and you should n't ever take medical advice from strangers on the internet . 
  talk to your doctors . 
  that 's a pretty flawed analogy . 
  i do n't need to understand complex climate models to know that the vast majority of experts on the topic consider it to be ocurring . 
  i have no reason to believe it is n't . 
  however , you have to make many assumptions ( often silly ones ) to believe a lot of conspiracies . 
  you entertain me . 
  if he does n't have one , a computer in his room . 
  if he does have one , some more tissues . 
  first , i 'm not from america , nice assumption . 
  secondly , almost all respected climatologists do accept that the climate is warming faster than expected . 
  thirdly , more research is always needed because these are complex issues and we 're still unsure of many of the feedback effects of certain interventions . 
  lastly , i do n't get my science information from news . 
  go read a real scientific article .
