  who has n't done one and wanted to show it off ? 
  that 's some god awful advice . 
  it would take hours . 
  dumpsta_baby i 'm commissioning you to try this , for science . 
  report back when you have data . 
  `` askreddit is for thought-provoking , inspired questions . '', 
  surely there 's an r/sanjose or something, 
  no thanks , i 'm full . 
  ummm wtf . 
  if this is real then yes you should . 
  of course you should you fucking cheated . 
  75 % now, 
  i was talking to my friend howerectiam . 
  not you, 
  they told me gay marriage was a slippery slope . . 
  i just did that to throw you off . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p64fvyobj4 ), 
  yeh , i edit them quickly before it shows that you editted . 
  a good education . 
  you 'll have fun and do n't deny yourself everything but you 'll forget the parties 2 years out , you wo n't get another chance to become really , really knowledgeable on what you 're trying to learn . 
  owls hoot and there 's more fog at night . 
  the wind caused the banging . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  it 's obviously impossible for me to say why it was happening without seeing the situation myself but let me put it this way ; there have been millions of people that claim supernatural experiences , none of which have been proven to be real . 
  even if it was her and she was somehow still around ( even though she is her brain and that stopped living ) why would she be a fog and wind ? 
  is that really what you think happens to you after you die ? 
  you become weather ? 
  it 's really natural to want to take meaning out of experiences like this , death is very unsettling but this is just coincidence . 
  do n't stress about it . 
  oh ... my ... god . 
  contact admins asap, 
  ps : the 1 upvote you give yourself does n't count towards it . 
  subreddits are always / r / first, 
   / r / * facepalm, 
  ftfy, 
  stayed at a racecar driver 's holiday house and went out on his boat a bunch of times . 
  best fun ever . 
  edit : australian and i figure i should n't say who because he 's a friend, 
  `` oops i did it again '' . 
  i only need one song on my playlist . 
  given that i 've never heard that expression , i 'd say it 's got a different name outside of america, 
  yeh . 
  his fans are hilariously toothless . 
  it 's absurd to say that there are n't racial differences in things like intelligence and physical ability . 
  that does n't mean people should be treated differently but saying we 're all the same is stupid . 
  please speak to a professional therapist and do n't take psychological advice from random people on the internet . 
  you 're fine , you just need to work this through with someone . 
  exactly . 
  it 's the same as going to the doctor if you 're sick . 
  when are you back in the us ? 
  1/8 men and 1/10 women i believe although reporting/diagnosis rates are still lower than they should be . 
  you do n't . 
  either accept her the way she is or do n't . 
  explicit memory is the conscious , intentional recollection of previous experiences and information . 
  tell him very clearly that if you do n't receive any money by x date you will be taking it to the next step . 
  give him a final date to start payment and stick to it . 
  iffy health . 
  alzheimer 's is horrible, 
  then on july 30th let him know that you 've contacted a lawyer, 
  the worst part of alzheimer 's is finding out that you 've got it ... for the 5th time, 
  you accidentally a question, 
  it 's called religion . 
  they 're generally slow to make social change . 
  anything with truffle in it, 
  yes but the vast majority of the opposition is religiously based, 
  i would n't personally advise doing it ( i think you miss things available to someone in monogamy ) but i ca n't think of a good reason it should be illegal right now, 
  yes . 
  i always thought ( and had been told by friends ) that it was okay until you sleep with one of them , then you need to break it off . 
  people got hurt . 
  please do n't do it . 
  there 's some brilliant photography [ here ] ( http://www.google.com ), 
  yeh that 's the sort of thing you talk about before you get married to stop this situation . 
  you ca n't fix this situation and there 's no middle ground . 
  either you have a kid to keep her ( terrible reason for a kid ) or she 'll resent you and possibly leave you . 
  that being said , is there a chance you do n't want to have a kid for any bad reasons that you can change ? 
  everyone has . 
  regularly . 
  katya , my mail-order bride . 
  love you baby, 
  yeh , probably should n't get a diagnosis over the internet for something where our description is similar to a coldsore . 
  why is medical care out of the question ? 
  wtf . 
  why did she have her birth certificate in her wallet ? 
  you do n't * have * to give it to them but they 're allowed to refuse you service if it violates their policy, 
  before : oh god oh god oh god, 
  during : oh god oh god oh god, 
  after : oh god oh god oh god, 
  mainly because our brain is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to complex to understand what making a specific neuron fire will do , even if you power were that precise, 
  i 'm an atheist but i disagree . 
  it was a very important early form of social structure and actually supported agricultural societies and basic law and order . 
  however , if it instantly disappeared tomorrow we would be better off for it . 
  it probably depends how far back you go and if it was replaced by anything . 
  all of the hannibal movies, 
  i want to invade her privacy but ca n't work out a way . 
  advice ? 
  if they refuse to tell you their username but you track them down it is, 
  why would you care if you had karma on your throwaway ? 
  aww it 's okay , you do n't need to be nervous , you have no chance even though i talk to you, 
  snorlax would be a bitch to keep in my house but definitely the most fun, 
  go with whatever you 're most confident cooking,
