  worked on me and now i 'm kind of scared, 
  thor, 
  carrots ? 
  lots and lots of hair, 
  take some nice deep breaths , in through your nose , out through your mouth . 
  close your eyes and concentrate on the sensations - feel the air go into your nostrils and the way it makes you chest fill up . 
  keep doing this for a couple of minutes and you 'll feel a lot calmer . 
  which in particular ? 
  that 's the same for all pidgin languages , it 's what the term means . 
  `` a pidgin ( / \u02c8p\u026ad\u0292\u026an / ) , or pidgin language , is a simplified language that develops as a means of communication between two or more groups that do not have a language in common . 
  it is most commonly employed in situations such as trade , or where both groups speak languages different from the language of the country in which they reside ( but where there is no common language between the groups ) . '', 
  do n't go on a holiday then , backpack and have a working holiday . 
  go to europe and just make it up as you go along . 
  there are no stupid questions , only stupid people, 
  because it makes it harder for me to pretend i 'm motman12, 
  [ i 'll just wait here ] ( http://www.portalversus.com.br/wp-content/uploads/michael-jackson-popcorn.gif ), 
  it completely depends on the contract you signed when you started there . 
  if it said you were working 34 hours you 're entitled to extra compensation . 
  if it said 40 hours and you 've been doing less , you have no recourse . 
  camera, 
  do n't forget small amounts of their respective juices, 
  2 wagyu minced meat patties , a piece of cheese , foie gras , slice of truffle , bacon , herbed mayo , small bit of mustard . 
  either you judge yourself harshly in pictures or you fake smile too much, 
  rickroll, 
  this is not true actually, 
  had you slept with her ? 
  that 's what i figured but thought it was worth a shot , if you upvote it there 's a better chance of it working though , 
  i hate people who hate people that hate phallic confections . 
  6 days , really messed me up , i could n't think at all and apparently i risked psychosis . 
  nothing, 
  not the way i do it, 
  i 'd say there is something called the `` theory of progress '' that you 're supposed to know about . 
  false analogy unless you 're still helping him * after * he has robbed the bank , it would only work if torrent sites consistently took down illegal torrents once they learned of them . 
  edit : clarity, 
  are you flirting with me again pmarie ? 
  is n't that heavy ? 
  sorry editted for clarity, 
  a pink one, 
  i once slipped and a penis fell inside me, 
  this story must be told, 
  because you 're not masturbating properly, 
  any homeopathy/alternative medicine based company, 
  get out of his backyard then . 
  the moment i realised that d&d is really good fun if you 've got a good group and you let yourself get into it . 
  except that they 're misleading people by saying things work when they do n't, 
  have you considered talking to a therapist about your anger towards women ? 
  you need a group that will take it seriously but not too seriously, 
  why ? 
  in what way ? 
  sounds pretty irrational to me , hence my earlier point . 
  i 'm not smart enough to make an intelligent or funny answer to this and it 's upsetting me, 
  but otherwise you 're sweet, 
  i think i speak for all of us when i say ... huh ? 
  it 's important to be sure how the other person sees the relationship and what their intentions are . 
  it is n't important to be ` in a relationship ' on facebook, 
  according to qi the only guaranteed way get rid of hiccups is digital anal stimulation, 
  say you 're gay, 
  is there some meme i 'm not getting here ? 
  he 's turning water into fabulous . 
  conservative estimate, 
  we are pattern seeking animals ( it 's an evolutionary function ) and therefore see patterns in what is really just a series of events . 
  we 're animals trying to understand the world around us and why people are not there anymore one day . 
  this has led to some of the most amazing discoveries we 've had ( science/technology/medicine ) but it also leads us to believe things that are n't real ( psychics/god/fate ) . 
  you do n't need to be mad because that 's just their way of trying to navigate through the world . 
  if you feel so compelled ( and understand the psychology behind it well enough ) you can try explain to them why they feel that way but they 're doing the best they can with the tools they have . 
  i did and we now live together . 
  we will be engaged in the not-too-distant future i suspect, 
  the way you become better at dealing with emotional pain is by first allowing yourself to feel the pain ; explore why it hurts so much , what you feel like you 've lost , what ideas about yourself/others have been changed . 
  once you 've felt it then you can start moving on , try to make positive steps and learn from what happened . 
  focus on the positive elements in your life and how you 're heading towards the things you want . 
  it 's important to allow yourself to feel emotional pain or it will affect you in other ways . 
  it 's far braver to allow yourself to feel than pretend like nothing hurts you . 
  like everything else in life , this pain will pass and you 'll feel like a different person eventually . 
  no it does n't . 
  it masks pain , it does n't allow you to deal with it or grow from it . 
  when will we consume all the porn ? 
  you left it on all night and a loud part of the song woke you in a particularly light stage of sleep ( sleep cycles and you 're much easier to wake at certain times ) . 
  you looked at the clock , as you do when you wake up and would have never remembered the time if it was n't 3:33 . 
  `` so ... funny story ... '', 
  used to be . 
  then i got therapy and i 'm happier than i 've ever been by a huge margin, 
  melbourne , australia : high of 15 degrees celsius , low of 8 . 
  partly cloudly . 
  wind : n at 39 km/h, 
  humidity : 59 %, 
  i felt this way for a really long time while i was suffering from a depression . 
  a few years later and after some therapy and some really big steps in the right direction i 'm a very happy person , i live with my so and i 'm achieving everything i want to achieve . 
  i promise things will get easier than they are now . 
  make some small goals for yourself and look at the little things you can do to make sure your life is headed in the right direction . 
  if you focus on making small changes then at least you can feel like you 're headed in the right direction . 
  worked for me . 
  it makes me feel really old that this is n't closer to the top . 
  i mentioned good will hunting in a thread the other day and people asked me what it was . 
  some really good lube - $ 40, 
  box of tissues - $ 3, 
  take-away food and some dvds for in between sessions - $ 50, 
  in a cinema playing twilight, 
  the devil is my penis, 
  if anything it 's the opposite, 
  your cardiologist thanks you,
