  smell ? 
  proprioception ? 
  you forgot a few senses . 
  no , coathangers are only for communicating * before * birth . 
  because no-one cares * that * much to institute such a more complex/exploitable system . 
  also , company x pays me money to upvote them a certain number of times to get to the front page , why would n't i do it ? 
  you are !, 
  politician jokes on reddit are incredibly low hanging fruit and you still fucked that one up . 
  his suggestion is sounding better and better . 
  gone in 60 seconds, 
  there will be blood, 
  use 4 #s, 
  deep, 
  yay for murdering people you do n't like, 
  be an adult and ignore him ? 
  it was clearly mohammad, 
  not to mention that person a has nothing to stabilise his body against and would need significantly more force as a result, 
  the bible because jesus, 
  that really depends on how you 're defining culture, 
  being the president is a somewhat busy job, 
  i agree with that . 
  i was * semi * - joking, 
  that way you can say `` the bitch isback '', 
  i would defintely just drive blindfolded , it 's much safer . 
  seriously though , it 's shit but some people just ca n't drive . 
  one of my best friends growing up had terrible vision and he knew from a young age that he 'd never be allowed to drive . 
  it 's shit but it 's reality . 
  it 's not practical to remove all strobing lights for you and if you have one you could kill somebody . 
  this question is somewhat relevant, 
  you want to change every police siren in the city , outlaw something that a tonne of people have on their cars and presumably all flashing signs as well . 
  it 's not practical . 
  you 're clearly very emotional about this and i have no interest in upsetting you further . 
  you asked our opinion and i gave you mine . 
  i did n't call you any names actually . 
  if you inferred that from what i wrote it only further proves how emotional you are about this issue ( understandably ) . 
  i 'm sorry this is a tough issue for you . 
  none of those asshole answers were actually from me so i 'm not sure why you 're attacking me . 
  i understand your situation and if you re-read what i wrote , it was a sympathetic `` nothing can be done '' . 
  reddit is n't a warm hug , it 's random strangers on the internet and some of them are going to be assholes when they 're anonymous . 
  no problems . 
  or teach families how to be non-judgemental and loving ? 
  there 's nothing you can name that i would n't still love and support my sister through , especially a stupid teen mistake like that . 
  very , very screwed . 
  they do n't even like caffeine, 
  what brought on this question ? 
  no offense but i have n't heard much that i thought made sense . 
  i used to work in an office with a bunch of mormons and we talked about it all the time . 
  the more they told me , the stranger i thought it was . 
  atheism is n't a religion . 
  that 's like calling not collecting stamps a hobby . 
  fixed that for you . 
  really ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic, 
  that 's why i 'm applying for a concealed flamethrower lisence . 
  are you suggesting that there 's something wrong with a grown man crying in certain contexts ? 
  woah , woah . 
  do n't shoot me . 
  it was just a joke, 
  when someone says `` crying is a strength '' they clearly do n't mean breaking down and crying at the slightest moment of sadness . 
  it means that being in touch with your emotions enough to be able to embrace them and feel them is an act of strength , which i agree with . 
  being in control of your emotions means feeling them , not ignoring them . 
  his logic is flawless . 
  there 's no gun crime in america because of it . 
  [ 65 % of homicides in america are by gun ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_violence#homicide ) and this ranks america 5th worst in the world . 
  hooray for guns !, 
  to be fair , most people downvote him because he 's a [ cock ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/oxela/my_friend_just_said_that_america_is_safer_because/c3ksxzx ) not because they disagree with him . 
  you accidentally a context, 
  he 's probably a dispatcher . 
  just a guess . 
  really ? 
  do n't you feel safer to know this neanderthal carries a deadly weapon ? 
  i do, 
  i live in australia where almost no-one has a gun . 
  coincidentally , the [ proportion of homocides by gun ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_violence#homicide ) are much , much lower than the us . 
  wonder why ... 
  i do n't even know what you 're trying to say . 
  are you threatening me or are you saying you 're such trash that you live in an area where crime is incredibly rampant ? 
  hahahaha that website is hilarious . 
  if you want ** actual ** statistics , here you go :, 
  i 'd put myself forward . 
  i spend a lot of time in / new ( yay for a job where i do n't do work ) , i know the rules , have 40k karma just from posts on askreddit and really love when we get quality content on here . 
  i 'm mature ( generally ) and have , at times , been funny . 
  i think the biggest thing we need right now ( which i could certainly help with ) is getting rid of all the spam/non-questions/daes etc. 
  that go up during peak times and distract from the really good stuff that needs early momentum to get on the front page . 
  a couple of other ideas :, 
  * those who spend a lot of time in / new know that a few questions pop up over and over and over ( yes , that is ironically now a pet peeve of mine ) . 
  i think we should add a tab of faq in the hopes that it will reduce the frequency and actually improve the chance of it turning into a good thread when it does pop up . 
  * i think we need to be quicker to remove medical questions . 
  anyone that knows anything about medicine will tell you that it 'd be very unwise to give out medical advice over the internet . 
  therefore , the only people that give advice are the last people you want to be providing it . 
  * ( temporary ) bans for accounts purely designed to accumulate downvotes . 
  they add nothing . 
  edit : also , i 'm australian so i assume i 'd be on at times most mods are n't ( like right now ) . 
  i actually messaged the mods a couple of days ago asking if you needed any new ones . 
  i got a response from metaranha saying he was keen and asking the other mods for input and then nothing . 
  not sure if i got forgotten or someone found out my terrible secret . 
  okay , listen up . 
  firstly , it 's not your job to tell him what to do , your job right now is to listen . 
  do n't pressure yourself to come up with some magic answer because one does n't exist . 
  support him , listen , be there for him . 
  secondly , if he is genuinely suicidal your number 1 priority is getting him to talk to a professional .
