  no karma for self-posts, 
  sorry but medical advice on the internet is always a bad idea and i had to remove your post . 
  well , there is a certain balance to be struck . 
  some people take it way too far either way ( explaining too much too soon to kids or not telling them at all ) . 
  it 's really not appropriate or necessary to teach your 3 year old about sex . 
  they 're not really old enough to understand it . 
  however , you should n't wait till they 're 15 to broach the subject . 
  it 's a difficult balance for many because their parents may have not taught them about it at the right age or in the right way . 
  not sure if you 're trolling but one of the greatest advances we 've made as a society recently is more and more men are realising it 's okay to have emotional problems . 
  pretending they do n't exist or suffering in silence do n't just hurt you , but it also hurts the people around you by not letting you connect to them and by not letting them know that * their * experience is okay because they 're not the only one . 
  no because thermodynamics . 
  you absolutely did the right thing . 
  good for you not putting up with that shit . 
  yeh , not trying to say you did the wrong thing or you * should * have slept with him but perhaps if you 're in the same situation again and tell him you 're just not interested in him in that way , it may avoid some of the issue . 
  nothing justifies what he did but it may make it easier to protect yourself if you make your intentions clear earlier . 
  found a brilliant psychologist and went through therapy . 
  i took medication for about 2 weeks but i preferred not using it ( it does help some though ) . 
  therapy has been shown over and over to work . 
  if you need any advice on the type of therapy to look for feel free to ask . 
  i think that putting a label on yourself at this moment in time in entirely unnecessary . 
  keep exploring your feelings and try to work out who you want to be with . 
  in the meantime , do n't try to put a label on it or limit yourself , just see where your feelings/desires go and try to have fun with it . 
  not bad . 
  a bit tired but all up not a bad day . 
  biggest three factors are confirmation bias , general distrust of authority and ( funnily enough ) being convinced by authority ( e.g. , the government ca n't be trusted , according to this guy 's blog ) . 
   to be fair , there 's nothing illogical about the popular conspiracy theories . 
  most have massive gaping holes . 
  it obviously depends on which you 're talking about but it takes very little scientific knowledge or logic to disprove moon hoaxers or 9/11 truthers . 
  there 's about a 1 % chance that this does n't blow up in your face . 
  good luck !, 
  like ? 
  by that logic , you ca n't be pro-death penalty and anti-people who murder . 
  sounds pretty typical of narcissistic personality disorder . 
  go speak to a psych ** ologist ** and talk through these issues . 
  my girlfriend . 
  hopefully . 
  i guess it 's better to know . 
  playing devil 's advocate here ( to some extent ) but not everyone thinks weed is as harmless as you do . 
  the idea is that legalising it would send a message that it 's `` not that bad '' and remove some of the stigma attached . 
  now , you can argue whether that makes more or less kids use it but that 's the logic . 
  personally , as someone who smoked a lot for a few years and is now clean , i can see the logic behind not allowing it . 
  i see how insidious weed is and how easily it can take over your life . 
  of course , that 's not everyone 's experience but it 's a very self-justifying behaviour , which always concerns me . 
  bad is a subjective word . 
  they 're creating programs that have viewers . 
  there are plenty of shows designed for you as a target audience . 
  being a good person = / = being sexually inactive . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being sexual if you 're being respectful/open/honest with your partner . 
  i think your values around sex are a bit messed up pal , especially masturbation . 
  i 'm not talking about alcohol but my feelings are mixed on that too . 
  i definitely think we need reform around alcohol but that 's a completely different story . 
  funnily enough , one is allowed to have an opinion on weed without having to change every other law in existence to be perfectly compatible . 
  however , if you ask me , cigarettes are far worse than either . 
  in australia ( i do n't know the figures for * your * country ) it accounts for 80 % of the drug and alcohol related death and injury ( that includes everything from drunk drivers to heroin overdoses ) . 
  kill myself . 
  nothing can prepare you for that kind of psychological torture . 
  you 'll be changed forever . 
  almost certainly nothing . 
  there are also bible passages about not combining different types of fibres in your clothing . 
  are you also planning to take your kids to be stoned by the elders if they misbehave ? 
  how many red ox sacrifices have you done recently ? 
  i 'm not trying to jump on you for your religion , if it 's important to you that 's fine . 
  however , it 's probably not a shock to you that the bible is fairly outdated ( i 'm not even going to go for the low-hanging fruit of it being pro-slavery ) . 
  people had a very different view of sex back then and it 's not really a healthy attitude to sex . 
  repressing those desires is actually far worse . 
  of course , there 's a balance to be struck . 
  it 's not healthy to try and fuck everyone you meet or put yourself in dangerous situations etc. 
  but sexual expression is an incredibly important part of development and intimate relationships . 
  honestly , i feel for people who think of sex as an immoral act because it 's an incredibly immature and fraught way to view an important part of yourself . 
  look , you got ta find your own path and what works for you but denying yourself one of your most basic and powerful wants because of an antiquated view is n't the right way to go about it . 
  it 's called [ pareodolia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pareidolia ) and it 's adaptive . 
  [ for verily i say unto you , till heaven and earth pass , one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law , till all be fulfilled . 
  i think we disagree on the role of sex and do n't have the time to explain it all to you now , i 'm sorry . 
  you got ta do what you got ta do . 
  if you think that 's the right way to go about it , that 's your perogative and you 're not hurting anyone . 
  however , i 'm just trying to let you know that there is a way to be mature and responsible about sex without being a deviant . 
  i 'm sure you would n't tell anyone that a diet with no sugar or fat is advisable . 
  right but discounting the old testament is not relevant any more ignores a specific decree from jesus . 
  also , does that mean you no longer find the ten commandments relevant ? 
  my point is , why pick and choose ? 
  if you want to identify yourself as a christian that 's fine but you clearly do n't think the bible is 100 % factual and relevant to your life or you 'd be much more concerned with cotton blends, 
  fb for sure . 
  they track all of your location information . 
  ~ ~ it 's very possible that your advice is terrible despite what you think . ~ ~ you 're an asshole with almost no understanding of psychology , sexual identity and very possibly come from the 1800s . 
  edit : after a brief view of your comment history i have revised my statement . 
   here is my question to you : can one be sexually successful with the opposite sex without being sexist ( this applies to both women and men ) ? 
  yes . 
  your mom 's, 
  go on then cassanova, 
  that explains a lot, 
  [ this makes genghis khan look progressive ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/r5dl2/i_am_a_transsexual_womanbeing_perceived_as_both_a/c4329z3?context=3 ), 
  it was all fairly horrific and more importantly wrong . 
  philosophy smash !, 
  kierkegaard would be so proud , he said so in a lot of his writings . 
  still waiting ... 
  i personally like on the concept of irony with continual reference to notjesus, 
  i think he a bit of spare time in between the 16 times he masturbates to his own picture ever day . 
  well , anyone who believes that the only way to sleep with women is to be an arrogant asshole clearly does n't have a very empowered self-concept . 
  sorry pal , have a consolation upvote . 
  that 's the thing though , people who suffer from narcissistic personality disorder do n't have it because they genuinely like themselves .
