  you think that reddit celebrates rape ? 
  btw , the askreddit thread about psychology/mental health misconceptions can be found here : http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/utthk/scientists_of_reddit_what_misconceptions_do_us/, 
  sorry , it seems to have gotten lost in transit . 
  [ do n't be cry ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9hg03zhhfy ), 
  / r/asksocialscience is very good . 
  / r/psychology is hit and miss because a decent chunk of the subscribers do n't have much formal education and some terrible posts slip through the cracks . 
  that being said , it 's worth subscribing to . 
  the others i subscribe to are probably a bit more aimed at people with some level of education ( like / r/cogsci / r/academicpsychology / r/neuro etc. ), 
   the economist estimates that annual spending by the church and entities owned by the church was around $ 170 billion in 2010 ( the church does not release such figures ) . 
  you 've, 
  probably shaken the hand of someone who just masturbated with it , while thinking about you . 
  i know you 're joking but i find the whole `` all guys want to have sex all the time and if you do n't you 're a fucking faggot '' attitude to be incredibly harmful . 
  i think it 's similar to dan savage 's view on porn ( if the woman feels at all uncomfortable with it , it 's obviously different if she likes it ) - it 's the man 's responsibility to hide it and be discrete , it 's the woman 's responsibility to pretend she does n't know that he does it . 
  wait , you do n't think that guy who was an asshole to someone on facebook is * actually * a hero ? 
  ooo tough question . 
  i think arrowtotheknee and babytalk because at least i 'd know that one of them will die . 
  i keep trying to walk on water and it does n't work . 
  i even tried frozen water but i slipped off . 
  thanks !, 
  have n't seen it and have no good reason besides a large queue of shows that i 'm yet to watch . 
  mad men is next up to the plate . 
  as for things to check out in melbourne that really depends on what you like to do . 
  the restaurant/cafe culture in melbourne is amazing so i always like to start there !, 
  studies show that professional wine tasters fail miserably at discerning good wine from cheap wine in blind tests . 
  you pay for a pricetag . 
  thanks !, 
  hmmm i guess / r/askscience but i do n't know that i 've got the time to commit to that . 
  thanks !, 
  tough call . 
  easy answer is the holocaust but i never would 've existed if my grandfather did n't move here from poland so i 'll selfishly take * that * off the table . 
  honestly , and this is going to sound like a terrible answer , but i think that i 'd change bush getting elected . 
  firstly , i would n't want to change anything too massive and too long ago because i 've seen enough movies to know that it 'd be a bad idea . 
  the reason i chose that was that i think america could 've gone in two very different directions after 9/11 and i think they took a far worse path and it 's had ramifications all over the world . 
  i do n't think that if bush had two terms fox news would 've become the size it did and mccain certainly would have never chosen palin as his running mate . 
  i think without those events the republican party looks ** incredibly ** different to how it does right now and the entire political outlook in america , and the world , looks very different . 
  but , studies also show that a more expensive placebo works better than a cheaper placebo . 
  so , if i buy a $ 40 bottle of wine , even though it 's not objectively any better than a $ 10 bottle , it still kind of is . 
  i love psychology . 
  probably . 
  i ca n't think of any off the top of my head but i assume it would be a factor . 
  it seems that the most important thing is the perceived efficacy/effect of the item . 
  i imagine it would make a difference . 
  extra resources are your best friend - http://www.openculture.com/freeonlinecourses, 
  are you interested in research and/or do you want to become a therapist ? 
  long term i want to do therapy but i 'll write a phd thesis first . 
  i 'll be able to call myself doctor so it 's worth it . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i feel passionately about a lot of issues but none more strongly than alt-med . 
  why we as a society are okay with letting people , either through their own ignorance ( at best ) or malicious intent deceive people in their hour of greatest need is absolutely beyond me . 
  if i sell someone a couch and it does n't work , they 're legally entitled to their money back . 
  if i go to someone who says they can cure my disease but they ca n't , i have no legal recourse . 
  it 's absurd . 
  thanks !, 
  will do . 
  nah she does n't reddit . 
  the only time she looks at it is when i get 10 tabs of / r/aww pics to show her . 
  she knows we 're pretty close to that stage anyway so i do n't think the timeline would surprise her . 
  many years before that happens . 
  do n't worry , i 'll make a new name !, 
  thanks !, 
  i like you too pal . 
  from my studies so far ( have a bachelors of psychology ) maslow 's hierarchy tends to be taught in a mostly historical fashion , similar to freud 's theories . 
  i would guess that , like many of freud 's theories , there are researchers who attempt to modernise it and are currently doing work on it but it certainly is n't mainstream . 
  he 's really not . 
  dream analysis is pseudoscience and largely discredited by the psychological community . 
  most of your brain is off when you 're sleeping including most of your prefrontal cortex ( the part of your brain that is most in touch with reality ) . 
  in fact , most modern theories of dreams suggest that dreams are nothing but random signals that you give post hoc rationalisations to ( add the meaning afterwards ) . 
  please do n't listen to this guy . 
  if you 're finding your dreams genuinely disturbing you could always talk to a professional but one dream is meaningless . 
  that 's a lovely theory but it 's completely unsupported by science . 
  i used to have a life . 
  [ jim jefferies on pandas ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsowefuhipy ), 
  you sound mature and well reasoned . 
  i am not . 
  no idea . 
  someone messaged me and asked me lots of questions . 
  i was n't on much recently because i took a job that involved several weeks of intense training and did n't really have time for reddit . 
  my interest was partly due to my own depression . 
  i 'd started studying business but dropped out . 
  when i eventually returned , after amazing support from a therapist , i realised that i 'd always had a passion for psychology and wanted to give other people the opportunity i was lucky enough to get . 
  so many people go through crises in their lives with no tools/mechanisms to help them sort out what they want and how to make themselves happy . 
  in my career , i 'll be able to change hundreds of lives . 
  thousands if you count all the lives that * they * will change by being happier . 
  it 's an incredible gift that i 'll be able to do that . 
  kataifi = shredded filo pastry, 
  aioli = a garlic-y mayonnaise, 
  john dory = a type of fish, 
  spanner crab = a type of crab, 
  thanks redexergy , i like you too, 
  that 's not what i said at all . 
  i said that i 've read several papers to the contrary but when i get the time i 'll read his paper too in an effort to better educate myself . 
  i posted a link on / r/science the other day from a very well respected journal saying that use in teenage years is linked to anxiety disorders later in life and it was buried instantly and filled with snarky comments from people who had n't read the paper . 
  it 's not my first experience of something like that either . 
  what do you mean , sorry ? 
  that 's kind of the point of the thread is n't it ? 
  far less . 
  i almost always get `` i was spanked . . '' i would say the majority of the `` as a parent '' comments i get are against spanking . 
  all studies are flawed . 
  some are more flawed than others . 
  spanking is notoriously hard to study for obvious reasons .
