  i like it ... from my girlfriend . 
  really turns me on . 
  glad to help , 
  it 's much better for you than cooking it on the pan because it retains less oil . 
  your boyfriend is an idiot . 
  message the admins, 
  dane cook fans ? 
  because jesus, 
  while i agree that it does have an impact , i do n't think you can say that america was a racism-free utopia before it . 
  there 's a fairly decent chance this asshole would have existed anyway . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ideasfortheadmins ) is the best idea i have . 
  bacon , blowjobs and breaking bad, 
  try online dating , go on tonnes of dates and just get some practice . 
  if something comes out of it , great !, 
  if not , you 'll learn a lot . 
  why not ? 
  messiah complex, 
   daes are yes/no answer questions . 
  they do n't belong on askreddit . 
  make sure you learn the difference between right and write or people with laugh at you . 
  yours sincerely ,, 
  older imnotjesus, 
  i guarantee you half of the people who say negative shit about women on here are also the ones who constantly complain about the `` friendzone '', 
  might want to try / r/asksocialscience . 
  there are a bunch of economists there . 
   any tips on mind-tricks that would make me quit going to gw ? 
  i am genuinely surprised you have a girlfriend . 
   there is n't even a consensus view as to how intelligence is defined . 
  so obviously pointing to a standard of evaluation for intelligence is not possible when intelligence itself is not absolutely defined . 
  have you studied psychometric testing ? 
  i have and know you 're talking out of your ass . 
  as for the rest of that crap , we both know that it has n't even come close to equality until very recently in opportunity so it 's a moot point, 
  i 'm a guy and no i 'm not . 
  i do n't know why but having hot air blown on my ear makes me hot like no tomorrow . 
  when my so starts breathing on it and kissing it while i 'm finishing it makes me go crazy . 
  try to give them the best scientific information ( try steven novella 's blogs ) and if they wo n't listen there is n't much you can do . 
  personally , i would n't feel comfortable being friends with someone who would n't vaccinate their kids because i think it 's not just stupid but borderline criminal neglect . 
  edit : try to find out their specific concern and address that . 
  here is a [ list ] ( http://www.theness.com/neurologicablog/?s=vaccines ) of some of dr novella 's articles he addresses a lot of the common concerns with scientific evidence . 
  it should concern them . 
  it should concern everyone . 
  first of all , these kids do n't have a choice about being put at risk of horrible and potentially fatal illnesses . 
  secondly , the other big victims are immuno-compromised patients and the sick/elderly because they ** ca n't ** be vaccinated against these disease . 
  if we lose herd immunity ( happening for some diseases ) they can die because of other people 's stupidity . 
  the fact that it 's a choice boggles my mind . 
  edit : typo, 
  you 're not a doctor and you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  please do n't try to convince her to get off her meds . 
  if you think they 're not a good long-term solution you can always suggest she gets talk therapy and eventually weans herself off them but please , please do n't try to pressure her to stop . 
  wow . 
  on so many levels , wow . 
  does . 
  not . 
  change . 
  anything . 
  if you have any specific concerns you can feel free to pm me ( i study psychology ) and i 'll try to help clear them up . 
  beyond that , it 's still not your job to change this . 
  i guarantee you , the person who prescribed them know a lot more about them than you do . 
  as i said , i think that in most cases medication alone is insufficient so you can always suggest ongoing talk therapy ( happy to talk to you about types ) as a way to get her ability up to a level where she no longer needs them . 
  i know you care about her but you need to understand that the best thing you can do for her is support her . 
  let her know that you want to help but it 's her thing and she has control . 
  please do n't try to ` fix ' her . 
  whenever you feel comfortable . 
  it 's different for every person/relationship . 
  my petnames with my so change about every fortnight . 
  it started organically though . 
  and what evidence do you have that either of those were related to the vaccine ? 
  temporal correlation does n't equal causation . 
  i do n't know the exact figures off the top of my head but the number of people who believe in god drastically drop with each level of education ( hs -  undergrad -  postgrad etc. ), 
  edit : do n't know why you downvoted me , this has been shown in many studies . 
  i 'm not attacking anyone . 
  it does certainly have merit/credibility in the real world and what it predicts is of value . 
  however , anyone in psychometrics will tell you that it 's not the only thing that matters . 
  the general idea behind modern iq tests is analysing different areas of intelligence ( that 's why modern tests take so long ) and comparing strengths and weaknesses in different areas . 
  this is particularly useful for children who are n't learning well ( for example , a child may be conventionally intelligent but have issues with working memory and attention that pull their grades down ) . 
  the score itself is just a way of comparing that person 's ability to the mean ( average is 100 , sd is 15 so 68 % of people will score between 85-115 ) . 
  as for whether it 's really indicative of intelligence ; the answer is that it depends on how you define intelligence . 
  some experts would say that g is reflective of intelligence ( g is a type of innate intelligence that seems to predict scoring well on other tests - some tests are loaded towards g like ravens ' progressive matrices ) . 
  however , g does n't reflect knowledge which is a large part of what most people consider intelligence to be . 
  `` well yes the lapdance is so much beeettteer when the stripper is crying '' - bloodhound gang, 
  it was really romantic . 
  we were sitting at a bus stop and we kissed slowly and tenderly . 
  lips closed . 
  about two hours later she started telling me that she would cut herself unless we became boyfriend and girlfriend and started sending me pictures of her scars . 
  this is really something you should talk to your doctor about as medical advice is n't appropriate here . 
  it 's okay to leave a relationship if you 're not sexually satisfied . 
  it does n't sound like things are going to change drastically ( although there are things you can try ) so you have to make a decision . 
  well the time issues seem like the biggest problem . 
  have you tried trying to seduce him more ? 
  mixing things up a bit ? 
  asking him if he has any fantasies ? 
  it 's not rude to tell someone they 're scientifically mistaken though . 
  be honest and definitive without being cruel . 
  kind of feel like a jerk but you did n't post a question so this is the wrong subreddit . 
  wan na have sex ? 
   \u25e6 askreddit is for thought-provoking , inspired questions . 
  this is n't an avenue for you to promote yourself or others . 
  he dead, 
  ask that exact question . 
  a psychologist .
