  my front yard . 
  lame, 
  once a week, 
  this is so weird to me coming from australia . 
  i understand it 's because they get paid less there but i 'll generally just round up ( like from $ 48 to $ 50 ) unless they or the experience was exceptional but you really do n't get any odd looks if you do n't tip at all . 
  hanson . 
  okay it 's not a secret , i just love hanson, 
  they 're always playing ... in my heart . 
  the ` oldies ' station where i come from played ` bitersweet symphony ' the other day . 
  i cried for hours . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  however , the most upvoted answer will be something to the extent of `` because the government makes too much money off liquor taxes '' . 
  it 's not lifechanging but it 's a little bit useful . 
  that 's so meta, 
  wrong subreddit . 
  no wonder they call her all the way mae, 
  you 're confused , that 's not from the notebook . 
  it 's from citizen kane . 
  she * does * notice when you grab it though . 
  you just assume i 'm always staring at your ass . 
  they 're pretty hard not to look at sometimes . 
  imagine my cock was hanging out , you 'd at least stare , even if you did n't like it . 
  those kids must regret asking so much . 
  i think they 'll still come a distant second to the religious right in america . 
  i think they 've got a point though . 
  i mean , anti-abolitionists were n't against slavery , they were simply pro-farming . 
  i agree , their rights to enforce their beliefs on other people are being stripped away and it 's just not fair . 
  as an atheist living in australia i would n't say it 's so much a product of christian culture , it 's a product of ( attempted ) religious influence on political affairs . 
  for this reason , i have several issues with religious groups in australia but as they 're less extreme and there are n't as many outspoken anti-progressives in australia it creates less of a rift . 
  i think i speak for most atheists when i say that the vast majority of us have no issue with you having a personal belief . 
  however , when those beliefs affect public policy it becomes quite scary and i , personally , feel compelled to combat it in any way i can . 
  this is in no way an attack of religious belief or religious values , they just have no place in science , public policy or education and that happens * more * in america . 
  i think it 's a great idea and would n't be that difficult to get local news medias to run the story either . 
  you 've never experienced a truly awful smell unless you 've been present when a dog 's anal gland has been squeezed . 
  yeh but i 've found that hookers tend to frown on personal relationships, 
  or a local secular group if you 're not religious , there are plenty around . 
  a repost of what ? 
  either that or reposts occur because not all 700k + accounts look at reddit every single day and remember every single link they 've seen . 
  it 's definitely one or the other though . 
  depends on the age group . 
  i see so many dress-up parties where 16-25 year old guys want any excuse to dress up as a girl . 
  for that reason , i 'm going with bieber . 
  make sure you read up on the food health and safety legislation . 
  once you start selling them , especially if you package them yourself , you leave yourself very liable to a lawsuit if someone gets sick . 
  make sure you follow the legislation . 
  justin bieber is far more successful than you will ever be . 
  yes . 
  you fucking moron . 
  is ` ass ' a food ? 
  the macarena, 
  his middle name is harold, 
  i beat myself up in my boss ' office once . 
  my point is that if we have a single organisation that we are all going to volunteer for ( i know that 's not the only alternative ) then we can get more people to be active if the organisation is worldwide ( access for all people ) and avoids any personal beliefs/biases ( i would be far more likely to volunteer for some organisations than others - irrespective of religiosity ) . 
  i do n't know of a specific example off the top of my head but i just do n't want this to be sullied by in-fighting over how ` good ' the organisation is or if they really represent people that want to get involved . 
  i was n't sure so i just wanted to make sure we are as inclusive as possible if it is easier to make it ` volunteer for x day ' . 
  melbournian keen here, 
  who cares about any of those things ? 
  i get to watch shit , whenever i want , almost always for free . 
  because it creates a logical order that helps kids to learn it . 
  we learn things better if we have semantic knowledge . 
  by yelling at me . 
  my second toe on each foot is about 3/4 of an inch longer than my big toe . 
  it 's quite unpleasant because it means shoes do n't fit me properly . 
  male or female ? 
  it decides whether it 's cool or hot . 
  i know you asked the girls specifically but there 's really no health reason why you ca n't take the pill for the entire month . 
  the sugar pills were originally used because it was believed that women would be weirded out by not having their normal cycles . 
  edit : [ link ] ( http://www.gladwell.com/2000/2000_03_10_a_rock.html ), 
  i ca n't think of an application but i guarantee you i 'm working on it . 
  nice try , american apparel marketing guy . 
  a several month old sandwich in my school locker . 
  i dropped the bag out of shock and a puff of green smoke went into the air . 
  depends on the job . 
  nothing wrong with it as long as it makes you happy . 
  i 'm not an expert and check with your doctor to be sure , this is just what i 've heard . 
  i 'm going to ask on askscience and see if anyone there can be definitive . 
  the reassurance is nice for me too, 
  please do n't, 
  i like being alive . 
  yeh i do n't want to know for personal protection , i just think we 're all better off if you do n't have any spawn any time soon . 
  i kid . 
  i kid because i love, 
  it 's called the thailand special, 
  dude . 
  too soon . 
  had he made you smell any handkerchiefs the night before ? 
  i do n't like to disappoint my fans . 
  `` big pharma '', 
  `` the corporations '', 
  `` ron paul '', 
  my head just exploded . 
  i think i need to add `` people who write zing in their own comments '' to my list . 
  less cat molestation, 
  none because i 'm not a cock . 
  at my old job a couple of co-workers called me and pretended to be from a competing company , offering me a job ( someone from our department had just moved there ) . 
  they called me a few times before letting me in on it . 
  here 's the kicker , they were offering me more money so i did n't go for a job i really wanted because i needed the money so badly and missed the job . 
  they were my friends but did n't actually realise that it could have real life consequences and felt horrible about it . 
  the question was in regards to taking the hormone pill all month to avoid periods . 
  2 ) does n't make sense .
