  you are now a [ +1 ], 
  it only happens one day a year but * that * username on your reddit birthday deserves an upvote . 
  that photographer is really trying to get as low as possible is n't he . 
  your first point on the scientists getting grants to work on things is pretty silly . 
  i heard the same thing when people talk about evolution scientists , that they 'll be ostractised or will piss off people writing their cheques . 
  it 's absurd . 
  if you disproved climate change you would win a nobel prize . 
  if you disproved evolution you would win a nobel prize etc. 
  the science always wins out in the end . 
  i agree , i think the best way to combat climate change is through capitalistic processes . 
  the first people to perfect fusion or take the next big step in solar will make a fuckload of money and so they should . 
  the issue i have is with companies using the fear of global warming to sell products that do n't help the problem ( like hybrids ) . 
  should black out the guy 's number . 
  if someone really is keen on buying the bike from seeing it on reddit they can pm you but you should n't be giving out people 's personal information . 
  mum , that 's really inappropriate . 
  learned this one the hard way : no masturbating on the bus . 
  i thought it was okay if it was under my trench coat but apparently not . 
  do what you want really means : do what you think i would want you to do but not because i specifically told you to . 
  hold on . 
  you 're actually both right . 
  there is a huge amount of data but there 's also a lot we still do n't know , especially about what will happen as it gets hotter . 
  for example , we still do n't actually know whether clouds make global warming better or worse . 
  it 's very possible that some of the feedback effects of the warming itself will help buffet against future warming or it may reach a tipping point very quickly . 
  tl ; dr we know a lot but far from everything . 
  til . 
  thanks, 
  which was important when farmers were using ddt . 
  the current pesticides used have no discernible health issues . 
  when someone says there is a consensus they do n't mean that scientists voted on an objective truth . 
  it means that there are n't a significant amount of scientists who think that the current theory does n't have enough data to support it . 
  also , the falsifiability is there in the models that have been used to show climate change is occurring . 
  falsifying climate change would mean a new model that more accurately shows the climate patterns . 
  provide me one peer-reviewed article ( in a reasonable journal ) that says climate change is n't real and we can talk . 
  until then calling it a religion is just stupid . 
  fair point . 
  except we have much more stringent testing now . 
  that 's just so naive . 
  as i said in a different post ; if you prove global warming wrong you would win a nobel prize . 
  if you prove evolution wrong you would win a nobel prize etc. 
  university funding is based on getting published in journals not on conforming to party lines because their funding does n't come from private companies . 
  this is n't some conspiracy and the fact that you say so-called peer review like that means you have little to no idea how the scientific field actually works . 
  do n't know a lot about them , sorry . 
  brings back so many nice [ memories ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn-eqdwm6u4 ), 
  that 's not a seal suit he 's wearing ... 
  but you * can * indiana jones it, 
  i heartily agree with this . 
  it 's important to know where you 've come from and respect your heritage but i do n't think it needs to define you . 
  i think we can all agree that the u.s , the extreme end of that continuum , are pretty terrifying most of the time . 
  i love australia as much as anyone and i 'll drunkenly defend it all night but in terms of things that really define who i am as a person , it would n't crack the top 10 . 
  could have done with using ` le ' a few more times . 
  sex offender registry . 
  it 's a bit of a sausage party but the few women who are there are totally loose . 
  i was sitting on a plane one time and we 'd just taken off . 
  as usually happens the captain got on the intercom and starts telling us that the flight will last 3 hours , we 'll be flying at whatever speed it was etc. 
  he finished his little speech but clearly did n't realise that he had left the intercom on . 
  all of a sudden we hear him say to the co-pilot `` god , now what i really need is a coffee and a blowjob '' . 
  the flight attendant next to me freaks out and starts running towards the cockpit when the guy behind me yells `` you forgot the coffee '' . 
  not scary but thought i 'd entertain you anyway . 
  yes . 
  not to say that you 're broken or need fixing or anything like that but it sounds like you 're going through a bit of an existential/identity crisis at the moment and it would really help to talk to someone about it . 
  that would be the worst blowjob ever, 
  it 's true , did n't you see those pictures of the jews during the holocaust, 
  pfft the second one is just a repost, 
  careful that you do n't accidentally choke the chicken . 
  i downvoted you just to compensate for all the guys stupid enough to do this . 
  i upvoted for qi then had to take it away for dr who, 
  yes, 
  i had an older troll sister . 
  she convinced me that the hottest day ever was 100 degrees ( celsius - we live in australia ) and only one man survived . 
  he only survived because he lived in an iceblock . 
  i believed it for ages . 
  i could tell everyone that what you said is also from goodwill hunting but instead i 'll just upvote you . 
  quick !, 
  while she ca n't see !, 
  breaking news : teen kids who carve shit into their arms are n't very bright or worldly . 
  jew think he 'll regret it ? 
  no it 's a fucking joke , it works better if i tell it in the first person . 
  i * have * been laid . 
  luke . 
  i am your mother . 
  * haaaaaaaaaaaaaah *, 
  i 'd like to see her darkside . 
  here 's the distinction you need to make . 
  there 's an important difference between finding someone attractive and being attracted to someone . 
  i see plenty of women i find to be attractive but i 'm not attracted to any of them because the only person i want to be with is my so . 
  if you 're really changing how you see your so because you 're seeing other attractive people it probably means one of two things ;, 
  a ) you 're not really that emotionally invested in the relationship or, 
  b ) you 're using it as an excuse to push yourself away from your so because you 're scared of commitment/being hurt etc. 
  give it to a homeless guy, 
  robo-tripping sounds like the best sci-fi movie ever !, 
  same . 
  guys have nice chemicals release when they look at attractive women . 
  it makes you feel nice , it 's that simple . 
  i could look at attractive women all day and not be any less attracted to my girlfriend . 
  `` the best part about quoting on the internet is nobody knows if you 've made it up . '', 
  - abraham lincoln, 
  hit random buttons not knowing moves . 
  still win . 
  as you 're about to lose rip out the controller . 
  say it 's the only reason you lost and you now have to leave ( even if it 's your own house .
