  i live in australia where insurance is n't mandatory ( only registration ) so i ca n't comment on american law but i have no problem with people that have suspended liscenses being aggressively taken off the road because i know lots of people who have driven like that and endangered people around them . 
  it 's fucking selfish . 
  got glandular fever ( mono ) when i went away for the weekend with my new girlfriend which was also the weekend before a new semester at uni started . 
  i 'm pretty sure trey parker and matt stone are atheists based on what they write in south park . 
  joking about how ludicrous religious belief is has become pretty well accepted . 
  they were n't picking on mormons for being bad people they were making fun of how absurd the story of joseph smith is . 
  i think it 's a really complicated issue that we do n't fully understand . 
  there is reason to believe that for some asexuals , their experience of themself as unsexual can be about their self-perception , hormone levels or caused by a trauma . 
  that being said it 's also possible it 's just another variation of sexual preference . 
  as for how i personally see them : i think it would be hard to date an asexual person but certainly not a deal-breaker . 
  people do n't lose their careers for attacking a religion , they lose it for attacking a group of people . 
  mel gibson did n't say `` i think it 's silly to believe that the jewish people walked in the desert for 40 years after building the pyramids '' he went on a rant against a group of people . 
  it 's not so much about the group that is being targetted it 's about the way it is being done . 
  probably about 7 in the 30 seconds i last, 
  nothing at all ^ nothing-at-all ^ nothing-at-all ^ nothing-at-all ^ nothing-at-all ^ nothing-at-all ^ nothing-at-all ^ nothing-at-all, 
  nor is it funny , insightful or worth reading . 
  * because casual sex becomes unsatisfying, 
  * because companionship and love are fulfilling, 
  * because it feels nice to share your life with someone, 
  * because it allows you to instil a deep level of trust in one person, 
  * because it allows you to procreate together, 
  * because you have someone that you 're connected to that you share experiences with, 
  * because sex feels better with someone you 're in love with, 
  * because until you 've felt it , you do n't know how it feels to wake up next to the most important person in your life . 
  get that finger out of your fucking nose . 
  serious answer : your parents splitting up was n't your fault and it 's not your job to fix it . 
  please spend some time being a kid and having fun . 
  it 's an ambivalent moment , like watching your children move out of home . 
  you 're proud of it but sad to see it go . 
  as an australian i did not reaslise people would not understand those lyrics and it just makes the song more awesome for me . 
  my penis, 
  my friends are starting to get into reddit and it 's shit . 
  now i ca n't just link people stuff and appear to be interesting/funny . 
  volume of poo / number of poos, 
  this guy i gave a handjob to once thought i was gay . 
  after , for sure , especially if you 're not using a rubber . 
  that 's right , everyone should disobey the ones they think are shitty . 
  personally , i think equal rights are shitty because black people are n't equal to me . 
  you do n't mind if i refuse them access to my store , do you ? 
  i 'm just disobeying a law i think is shitty . 
  on the other hand , maybe , just maybe , each person picking and choosing which laws are ` worth following ' is a bad idea . 
  you 're going to get a lot of sarcastic answers . 
  i would recommend asking this in r/christianity because i do n't know how long i can resist making fun of you for . 
  lots of empathy because you can learn to manage how that is expressed . 
  my heterosexuality . 
  especially to my so, 
  it 's not a problem - it 's an algorithm that stops spam bots . 
  all submissions have downvotes added to them as upvotes go up . 
  the devil, 
  the devil, 
  get your religion out of my government, 
  i am the same person irrespective of what the people around me do . 
  i 'll still be a good person if you 're a dick but i 'll just not have you in my life anymore . 
  why randomly repost the same question 15 minutes later after you got 15 responses ? 
  each other, 
  seeing my dad driving off , asking my mum when he was coming home and her saying `` he 's not '' . 
  just use the brown to colour it in ? 
  just ... be careful ... 
  i 'm going to do 8 years of total study . 
  if i do n't earn more than 80k i 'm going to be pissed . 
  use some of those gymnast skills to fuck his brains out for 2 weeks solid, 
  i really think you should seek professional therapy . 
  i had the same feelings and it helped me turn my life around to a point where i now consider myself to be a very happy person . 
  edit : in terms of dating , i understand that you feel really lonely right now but it sounds like you 're not ready to be dating yet . 
  i did the same thing a year ago and found myself in a really bad situation . 
  focus on the factors in your life you can control and how you 're working towards what you want . 
  i believe this is the only valid response, 
  which part of my statement said that i think the 21 year old drinking age makes sense ? 
  all i said was that his statement was retarded , which it is . 
  i do n't want to live in a society where everyone decides which laws are reasonable and which to follow . 
  they 're laws not guidelines . 
  hmm . 
  not again , i guess, 
  print screen, 
  edit : just to be clear , do n't print the screen then scan it in or some crap . 
  you have a button called print screen . 
  all you need to do is then paste it into a medium like ms paint, 
  6 days , had about a 1 hour nap . 
  i just got back from holiday with my family and had the house to myself ( was 18 ) . 
  i smoked a lot of weed and played absurd amounts of wow . 
  at the time i justified it to myself by saying that i needed to go to bed at a good time to get my body clock right ( first couple of nights friends wanted to see me so i was out till ~ 4 ) . 
  after like 3 days i just wanted to see how long i could last . 
  anyway , a few months later i realised this was part of a pretty big emotional breakdown and i risked permanent damage/psychosis from such a long period of insomnia . 
  the stolen generation . 
  [ wiki here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stolen_generations ), 
  pretty horrific . 
  you accidentally a point, 
  collingwood/geelong are the dominant teams at the moment . 
  between the big 2 posts is 6 points , 1 point for between a big/small one . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcarpcfrpsu ) is a highlight video for anyone insterested, 
  it does have a name ; i call him `` the helmetted warrior '', 
  corollary : if your pizza lands face down, 
  yeh mine did n't start getting good until about 23/24 and most of the shit i want is still 5-10 years away, 
  `` handjob '' and `` exotic massage '' are n't that rare on craigslist, 
  $ 15 a month + a life . 
  simply sacrifice a homeless man to appease the wow gods, 
  if you 've drunk so much water that you start getting ill or if you 've got terrible diarrhoea gatorade does help but in both cases hydralyte works better, 
  real , honest introspection, 
  i gave myself a vasectomy !, 
  it wo n't always feel like this .
