  actually everything mislabelled as irony in that song is pretty much just a bad day . 
  ps : why is she looking for a knife in a fucking spoon shop . 
  the guy responsible for cancelling arrested development . 
  agreed . 
  also , fuck her for getting angry about not being able to smoke at work . 
  bitch, 
  you do n't want to see the picture i took of * my * dad 's cobra, 
  child services did step in shortly after, 
  blonde . 
  30 rock or big bang theory ? 
  deaf . 
  would you do oprah or dr. phil ? 
  hey !, 
  we do n't take kindly to gay trees around here, 
  12 inches is n't normal ? 
  * checks calculator *, 
  hmmm, 
  it checks out people . 
  god exists everyone , he 's real . 
  let the press know . 
  i did not read ducks the first time i read that . 
  glad i re-read it . 
  my night browsing reddit, 
  try a bro or manzier, 
  a small african child . 
  all it costs me is a dollar a day , through this company called worldvision, 
  pulse is generally a big positive for me . 
  the departed fucking rocked though, 
  i love 3d , most of my best friends are in 3d . 
  best tip ever : do n't try to use tips or tricks . 
  just fucking be yourself and say hi to women . 
  by being yourself i mean do n't pretend to be what you think women want . 
  obviously there are things you need to do like shower and actually talk to them but do n't listen to people that say `` women want x , y or z '' becaue it is n't true . 
  all women are different and there is n't some trick to getting them all . 
  if you want to find someone you can bond/share your life with then be yourself and the woman who is attracted to that is the person you want to be with . 
  if you realise that , it will actually make it heaps easier to talk to them in the first place . 
  ( i ca n't believe how many askreddit questions where this is my response but ... ), 
  hi , my name is ... 
  might as well [ ] ( / fap ), 
  no but it also differs from person to person to there are no hard and fast rules . 
  the quantity grosses me out more than anything else . 
  cracker please . 
  also works for birds . 
  speak to a proper therapist you 'll find it much more relieving than random people on the internet . 
  eat less . 
  exercise more, 
  i 'm not a teacher but my university let 's us use the program to make sure we have referenced enough . 
  i 've had a couple of deep fried mars bars in australia . 
  my heart stopped for about 15 minutes ... worth it . 
  me as a [ baby ] ( http://www.turnbacktogod.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/09/baby-jesus-0113.jpg ) . 
  me [ now ] ( http://tallskinnykiwi.typepad.com/.a/6a00d8341c5bb353ef0134899cb209970c-pi ) . 
  i listen to [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2hx_x84lc0 ), 
  maybe talk to them and not reddit about it ? 
  this is actually fairly true based on social psych studies of the topic . 
  i love hanson but hate bieber, 
  same as australia but they 're still pretty cheap . 
  i think i just got diabetes, 
  oh god no . 
  nobody with a job drinks vb . 
  narcolepsy has a wide range of symptoms and varies from person to person . 
  i was hoping that * that * particular symptom had a name . 
  i sent an sms to my mum saying : `` it was really good but now it hurts to pee '' . 
  she sent me back a message saying `` do you need to see a doctor ? '', 
  i 've never seen any of the rocky movies or braveheart . 
  as a guy , most of my friends think this is shameful . 
  easy question : [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dre7yed33jc ), 
  haoks have you seen [ this ] ( http://www.itgetsbetter.org/ ) ? 
  ( no it is n't a link to a penis ), 
  yes , i wish you many happy experiences with the penis . 
  right , i 'm with you now . 
  thanks muchly . 
  carve your phone number into something . 
  if anyone finds it they 'll be an awesome person who you want to meet . 
  pretty standard cheap domestic beer . 
  see a therapist not people on the internet, 
  here 's the thing ( despite not liking giving psych help over the net because it can be really dangerous ) you 're most likely doing it for 2 reasons ; either it 's an issue with anxiety about being hurt so you push them away before they hurt you , and/or you are doing it as a self-destructive behaviour for any of a myriad of reasons . 
  whatever the case is , the best way to get out of your own way is through self-analysis via therapy ( please do n't see someone who will do primarily cbt since that is n't what you need - make sure they 're trained to do a longer form of psychodynamic therapy ) . 
  why do you care when people laugh at your jokes ? 
  why do you want your friends to think you 're impressive ? 
  why does it feel nice to be really good at sport ? 
  the answer to all of these questions is that we care what the people around us think and it 's actually not a bad thing . 
  people care about karma because it means that people find them funny and/or interesting . 
  i 'm not ashamed of the fact that it 's a nice thing to think about yourself . 
  it 's not necessarily quite as severe as you make it out to be but yes , it can be a side-effect of some medications or be a psychological issue . 
  i would recommend seeing a therapist as it may allow you to enjoy another facet of your life . 
  also , it 's worth noting that desire for sex exists on a continuum and can be affected by many things ( stress , level of sleep , medication , previous history , trauma etc. ), 
  how to last a really long time in bed, 
  do n't be afraid to grieve . 
  losing someone is losing someone and it 's important to mourn the loss of what you did have and what you thought you would have in the future . 
  first thing to do is feel safe and loved and let it out , once the sting is gone a little bit , then you start looking to move forward . 
  also , download torrents that i want and them help seed them . 
  edit : fixed so i look like less of a toolbag, 
  wow and weed . 
  80 % of success is simply showing up, 
  i still want my fucking back to the future 2 hoverboard . 
  because the fear element in post-apocalyptic worlds is the isolation . 
  it works because i would n't know how to get food without a supermarket anymore . 
  i spend 19 hours a day on reddit . 
  it 's not really somethign that 's easy to explain but it 's just all about creating a rhythm where you alternate between thrusting and moving while inside , it kind of works like active recovery in interval trainings, 
  easy : only evil person .
