  be an adult . 
  if it 's that pathological that you ca n't control it you need to see a therapist . 
  in all honest it sounds like a neurological issue . 
  you should consult a neurologist as this is probably a disorder that you can treat . 
  did you even read what i said ? 
  i said the religious right ( as in crazy right wing religious nutjobs that try to affect public policy ) . 
  irrespective of that , even if the correlations he draws are n't what was ` intended ' from the original dream , he 's still going to put his experience on top of the dream and be able to benefit from the analysis anyway . 
  walked into an elevator in an office building with a friend and starting singing `` row , row , row your boat '' whenever businessmen got in . 
  a fair few joined in . 
  sorry , i did n't mean to say that you have a problem , it 's just an interesting issue . 
  this helped me when losing a bunch of weight and i think it may cross-over . 
  the big thing i did better than most people do when trying to lose weight is that they look at each meal that they eat healthily as one more meal they 've deprived themselves of what they want ( i 've done this many times ) . 
  you end up in a situation where after a few good meals you 're `` owed '' a bad meal and you obviously get nowhere . 
  if you own the goal ( being free of cigarettes ) instead of the action ( not smoking ) you end up feeling empowered instead of like you 're missing out on something . 
  for example , each time you feel like you want to smoke and do n't it 's a big fucking victory . 
  you should pat yourself on the back and feel great about yourself . 
  you 're closer to where you want to be !, 
  each cigarette you do n't smoke takes you closer to what you want . 
  what you want is to free of them . 
  pretend i like clubs/partying . 
  masturbate furiously now so it lasts longer ( in case it does happen ), 
  brad pitt . 
  i do n't have any current pictures of myself to post though, 
  hope it helped . 
  feel free to pm me if you 're struggling and need some support, 
  call your phone company and register it with the cops . 
  do n't change your number you do n't need to since the phone company will know who 's calling you . 
  have sex, 
  just for that i 'm going to f5 even harder next time . 
  studies show people perform best at a medium level of arousal so it 's good to be a little bit stressed but do n't let yourself get too overwhelmed . 
  if you start to notice yourself getting too stressed , stop for 30 seconds , close your eyes and take a few deep breaths and try to concentrate on the sensation of the breath going in and out of your lungs . 
  i know it 's hard to do when stressed out but 30 seconds could make you much more effective for the next hour . 
  do you ever sneak a look at the guy next to you when you 're at the stalls ? 
  you should read up on terror management theory if you have n't already . 
  you 'll find it quite interesting . 
  there are dozens and dozens of theories of personality that assess character traits . 
  the big easy one is probably the big five personality traits where you 're marked on openness ( to experience ) conscientiousness extraversion agreeableness and neuroticism - i remember it as ocean . 
  almost all personality tests exist on continuum because no one person is all of one trait and none of another . 
  also , it 's important to remember that it will describe your habits and how you are more likely to react when anxious but it does n't completely define you . 
  it 's important to know yourself and understand your instincts but take it with a grain of salt . 
  i do n't think reddit will provide a cross-section of society on this question based on the demographic, 
  how hard it can be to position your gentlemen parts if you like sleeping naked . 
  my co-worker killed a man with a trident, 
  without a doubt . 
  if i 'm dead my family will be well-supported afterwards . 
  sounds great to me . 
  it does n't matter . 
  you 're not doing the speech for your own benefit you 're doing it for his . 
  if he loves her then you have to do the same . 
  everyone has some features that are likeable and you only need to talk about her for 20 % of the speech ( if you 're * his * best friend it 's normal to talk more about it ) and just make most of what you say about her stuff like `` it 's wonderful to see how happy derpette makes derpington . '', 
  mnemonic devices work in two differente ways, 
  chunking = your working memory ( the amount of things your brain can focus on at once ) is 7 + / - 2 items so by chunking items together you can keep more information in your working memory and it that gives it more time to convert into long-term memory . 
  assisted recall = i use mnemonics like creating phrases for different things i need to remember . 
  the reason this works is that information is generally stored semantically ( next to similar topics ) and a hint helps you remember what it is . 
  other than that you need practise and adequate sleep . 
  dude i think your salmon is off, 
  indoctrinated people who are taught not to question who they are and what they want ( not just religious people , it comes in all sorts of forms ) . 
  man ... she 's got it going on, 
  my penis, 
  eat kangaroo . 
  it 's fucking delicious . 
  serious answer : ask them about themselves . 
  seriously , i do n't know why more people do n't realise this . 
  `` what do you do ? '', 
  there you go , conversation started . 
  we have hundreds and hundreds of rats here so it 's not really safe without shoes . 
  a green one , a red one and a blue one . 
  one day ... 
  because i pee way more often than you . 
  my arch-nemesis, 
  no silly : someone with gangreen , someone with severe burns and a smurf . 
  therapy . 
  seriously , i know it has some negative connotations but i 'm a much , much , much , much , much happier person than i used to be . 
  i think most people can get serious benefit from it . 
  yes . 
  me too , huge changing point in my life . 
  it 's funny how okay you convince yourself it is while you 're doing it . 
  something really , really , offputting . 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2hx_x84lc0 ), 
  friday - rebecca black, 
  just so you know , some versions of synesthesia can be really debilitating and unpleasant . 
  please do n't kill me, 
  that 's a lot of effort for a free soft-drink when you 're already paying for a meal, 
  you 're laughing at my poverty ? 
  you sick , sick fuck . 
  do n't worry baby , i 'll do the dishes , you just go to bed and relax . 
  do n't worry , it just means it 's lagging :, 
  502 it went through, 
  504 try once more, 
  haha dude i 'm totally messing with you . 
  here , have a picture of a cute [ cat ] ( http://www.dilshil.com/photos/data/media/65/cat_pictures_23.jpg ), 
  if it 's a group ; get a doderant , shapoo , condoms etc. 
  to share so it does n't take up space in all of your bags . 
  commenting on reddit while listening to science audiobooks, 
  handjobs in men 's restrooms . 
  $ 20 for 5 minutes work . 
  release 2 pigs into the school . 
  paint a # 1 on one and a # 3 on the other . 
  502 it went through , 504 try once more . 
  raiiiiiiin on your wedding day .
