  it 's too late now, 
  stretch ( if it 's actually a cramp ) and drinks lots of water, 
  because i 'm australian, 
  that which has been fapped can not be unfapped, 
  combination, 
  so 's your face is the best come back to everything . 
  my so loves when that 's my reply to her telling me i 'm wrong . 
  so 's your face, 
  who has that as a motto ? 
  people who say that are the people that peak at high school/college . 
  i did n't have a bad time in high school and i love college so far but i 've got so much to look forward to , so many richer experiences than partying and freedom . 
  really ? 
  she seemed like the kind of girl i could take home to meet my parents as long as there were n't any hoses around . 
  my girlfriend decides that i 'm celibate quite regularly, 
  depends what you want to do . 
  it 's a waste of money if you go there and party or have no idea what you want to do after college, 
  first think you need to do is wait until she 's masturbating in her room . 
  walk in and ask her if she needs a hand . 
  yes . 
  send them a letter saying that if you do n't receive payment by x date you 're going to be contacting a lawyer . 
  if you do n't receive the money , contact a lawyer . 
  so you think that we can improve the economy by spending money overseas and forcing companies to spend more money , inefficiently ? 
  current and by a huge margin . 
  things seem messed up because we hear about it all the time but it 's simply not true that times are more violent/corrupt ( watch steven pinker 's ted video - the myth of violence ) . 
  additionally , we have by far the lowest infant mortality , lowest poverty , longest life span , best access to medicine/food/technology . 
  face it . 
  modern times rock . 
  we have great security and no cash/products on the premises . 
  * okay *, 
  enjoy, 
  also , enjoy this, 
  not my fault, 
  basically the idea is that if you do n't eat carbs at all for a couple of days your body goes into a state of ketosis ( you can buy ketostix to test when it happens ) . 
  while your body is in ketosis it absorbs proportionally a lot more fat/carbs than protein . 
  however , that state is n't maintainable because 1 ) you go into ketoacidosis ( happens to diabetics who do n't monitor their diet and 2 ) your body starts getting sick of carbs/fat and will start using stored protein ( muscle , including your heart ) . 
  tl ; dr it 's really effective for short term burst of weight loss but if you do it for more than 1-2 weeks you can really endanger your health, 
  look at a picture of it to find out why . 
  you accidentally some details, 
  if you could go anywhere in the world you would go somewhere where you could do what you 're currently doing , but slightly faster ? 
  something to the extent of : `` ninjas killed my parents , need money for karate lessons '', 
  amazing answer . 
  thank you . 
  it 's made it really hard the last few times but i 'm really keen to persevere . 
  based on my reading ( it was extensive but a couple of years ago now ) i believe it 's safe for a short period . 
  ** disclaimer ** : i 'm not a doctor . 
  do n't rely on me for health advice , just telling you what i 've read . 
  you marry that woman, 
  original max payne, 
  and your expertise on these issues are ... 
  vd clinic . 
  at least i knew she 'd put out, 
  i did, 
  it sounds like you 're depressed and should seek clinical support ( a psychologist ) . 
  the term you 're looking for is ` neuroticism ' . 
  it 's okay to still feel sad about it but maybe if it still brings you to tears you should consider talking to someone about it . 
  can you have a session or two with a psychologist to discuss why it 's still so raw ? 
  it may really help take the edge off the emotion for you . 
  they do n't call it the second coming for nothing, 
  i feel exactly the same way about `` being real '' as i do about vague questions . 
  that 's the point though . 
  depression sufferers sometimes use sensory overload to stop themselves having their depressive thoughts ( for example , i 'm too busy thinking about my computer game to dwell on my thoughts ) . 
  you need to be all of those things to get a certain kind of girl . 
  you need to be a caring , sensitive person to get most other girls . 
  be yourself and you 'll find women who are attracted to * that * . 
   problem comes when i am away from my computer . 
  when i drive to work , i start to get depressed , by the time i am at work i am so bored in my head that i can hardly get through my day . 
  i end up depressed to the point i just want to die if i goes for more than ten hours, 
  it sounds like when you allow yourself to think you become quite sad . 
  i 'm not trying to win an argument here , i may be misunderstanding you . 
  it was clearly a misunderstanding . 
  whether or not you * have * to apologise , it 'd be the nice thing to do . 
  what you should really do is learn mindfulness meditation then . 
  it has had great clinical results in recent studies and will really help you feel more relaxed at times you 're not focussing on a single task . 
  if you search for ` ucla mindfulness ' on itunes you 'll see some intro guided meditation . 
  i know it seems hard but give it a shot . 
  the point of meditation is n't to stop your brain from working , it 's to train it to be better at focussing on single things when required . 
  i would n't because i do n't want to get kneed in the crotch, 
  gattaca but only if i have awesome genes, 
  really ? 
  it sounds so boring . 
  you 'd clearly be in hufflepuff, 
  yes !, 
  yes she 's real, 
  according to xianrazius ' logic , my internet penis could be in boogie nights, 
  yes but i 've also told you it 's tiny . 
  which is true ? 
  which is true ? 
  i just learned about [ dissociative fugue ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fugue_state ) in my psychopathology class . 
  it 's the coolest thing ever . 
  only if she does n't clean it, 
  when a man and a woman love each other very much ... 
  i 'm not ? 
  your understanding of the word fact is n't quite there, 
  so ... current world ? 
  three subjective opinions ? 
  yes and nothing you listed is a fact . 
  what are you not getting about this ? 
  that 's cool . 
  are you an expert in any other made up things ? 
  this is an urgent question,
