  i 'll only do it if it 's a direct message to a poster , like if i can give them some sort of information but i generally do n't bother . 
  melbourne , australia . 
  they 're just actors trying to advance their career . 
  stephanie meyers on the other hand deserves to be punched . 
  forgive my lack of delicacy but this post sounds like something a black guy would say, 
  i think that if i had one bullet and was in a room with her a child rapist , the rapist would be walking away . 
  it 's called a [ mondegreen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mondegreen ) . 
  because they pay money each time and it does n't matter to the show who wins as long as it is someone that people are passionate about . 
  click that button that says ` top ' it will give you the most popular ones , 
  small steps , do n't expect to just be a different person all of a sudden . 
  find situations where you feel * more * comfortable and just start slowly . 
  worst quality : my arrogance, 
  best quality : my ability to know everything that everyone else should do, 
  cough medicine, 
  i was n't allowed to graduate for not knowing the difference between were and we 're . 
  people who promote alternative medicines that stop people using real medicine . 
  you know what they call alternative medicine that has been proven to work ? 
  medicine, 
  i do n't think you know what the word ironic means . 
  i really recommend speaking to a professional therapist about these fears if you can afford to do so ( this does n't mean you 're broken or anything like that but it may help you to learn how to cope with the trauma better ) . 
  it 's like writing an entire song about irony and not actually listing anything ironic . 
  it could be many different things , some you can control some you ca n't . 
  he may be very stressed/overtired , it may be a hormone issue due to ageing , he could be upset about something etc. 
  try talk to him about it in a way that does n't sound accusatory and does n't diminish his manhood and see if it 's something he 's also worried about . 
  it 's highly likely it is n't anything you 're doing so do n't take it too personally because you getting freaked out about it may make it harder for him . 
  except for the fact that almost every single religion believes that and that there is n't a concept of hell in judaism . 
  you must be trolling me at this point . 
  if you intention was for me to facepalm so hard i almost broke my nose you have succeeded . 
  haha you do n't need to apologise , just giving you shit . 
  tell him that if he does it again you 're going to the cops . 
  that 's not okay . 
  redtube, 
  same banner of disgusting human being . 
  i feel for the people caught in the echo chamber that do n't know better but the people who profit off the bullshit are as evil as they get . 
  you just missed 5 minutes of reading how one guy occasionally tricks vapid women into sleeping with him that unfortunately half the people who read it will take as advice . 
  when are you doing an ama ? 
  it 's seriously fucking depressing . 
  if you really , really want to sleep with stupid women then sure , it 's not for me but if that makes you happy , go for it . 
  the part that 's really sad about it is that so few guys in their 20s realise that you actually do n't want to meet a girl if you 're not being yourself . 
  think about it this way : you want the kind of girl that is attracted to you to be attracted to you . 
  it sounds so obvious but if you 're pretending to be someone you 're not , the person you find will be someone who is n't into * you * . 
  not every single person on reddit has seen every single submission . 
  if you 've seen something downvote it . 
  all the people that upvote clearly * have n't * seen it and want to . 
  i stayed home and raided molten core ( wow ), 
  you were drunk , are you * sure * you put one on ? 
  also , some stimpaks for after fighting the mutants . 
  1 ) it can vary a lot depending on the partner , the mood , your relationship etc. 
  2 ) significantly better but it 's not unimaginably different . 
  3 ) different for everyone : it often hurts for girls ( breaking the hymen ) and most guys are very quick . 
  you are likely to be quite bad at sex the first time you have it . 
  4 ) best tip is to try and make it with someone you feel comfortable with . 
  you 're going to be nervous and you want it to feel like a safe place . 
  enjoy the intimacy and foreplay , if you focus on the thrusting it 'll be over before you know it . 
  also , the more foreplay the more likely it is that she 'll enjoy it too . 
  overall , relax , have fun and just try enjoy sharing the experience as opposed to doing it to get off . 
  i use it to follow basketball writers ( get pretty up to date news ) and people who release science stories . 
  i never really say anything unless it 's to ask someone i 'm following a question . 
  playboy, 
  i 've heard it 's really bright . 
  you 'll probably get a good answer from r/askscience, 
  i agree to some extent but it 's the `` at x moment turn away '' crap that i hate . 
  as you said , the best thing you can do is just ask her about herself , it makes conversation really easy because she 's talking about her favourite subject . 
  i guess the point is that it 's not a science and i resent people who say that you need to play certain games to be successful when it 's not true . 
  if you 'd prefer just send me what you 're supposed to do for your homework and i can do it for you . 
  depends why you have it . 
  possible remedies can be :, 
  better habits ( getting into bed earlier ) , therapy ( for anxiety issues ) , sleeping pills etc. 
  it really depends why you 're not sleeping . 
  most super-skinny actresses . 
  i just do n't find kiera nightly hot . 
  tl ; dr do n't be a douche , just say hi to women and be yourself . 
  my dad taught me how to cook . 
  my mum taught me how to pee standing up . 
  that 's what i think . 
  i find ribs incredibly unattractive . 
  haha yeh , i 'm losing weight at the moment and my girlfriend constantly says she 'll miss my belly . 
  kind of kills the motivation . 
  did they completely corrupt you to the point where you 're an immoral person that jesus himself could n't redeem ? 
  that 's what my pastor said would happen . 
  vaccines do n't actually cause autism . 
  found a good link for you [ here ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=random+facts ), 
  i heard about him . 
  his name was i_rape_cats or something, 
  you 're getting confused . 
  osama got him . 
  you should really tell oscar to clean up after his sexcapades then . 
  i often laugh at things that are funny . 
  i tend to find them humorous . 
  never stick your dick in crazy, 
  attend to your mental health . 
  also , do n't get shot . 
  1 ) get crucified by angry mob . 
  2 ) resurrect 3 days later . 
  once . 
  when he touched my special area . 
  or the 6th option ... reddit has an algorithm that automatically downvotes things that get heaps of upvotes to avoid spam bots . 
  wow that must have really pissed him off . 
  it took very specific circumstances because growing such a large brain comes with some really big drawbacks ( think about how long a human child is useless against a predator for ) . 
  glory for the winner .
