  not to say that there is anything wrong with you but he/she may be able to help you get in touch with your emotions and teach you how to have empathy . 
  i may have been chewing my shirt as i read this , stopped , thought about it , then kept chewing . 
  wow this thread is perfect for your username, 
  disregarded, 
  at my aunty 's house , after her wedding while all the adults were opening presents . 
  i typed `` boobs '' into altavista, 
  not living in america i guess , sorry , i do n't know what your services are like there but in australia i can get emergency counselling free and therapy hugely subsidised . 
  this man speaks for all of us here, 
  this . 
  please do n't do anything to your ear on advice from people on the internet that may cause you hearing loss . 
  i went 5 days once and kind of did n't realise ( i decided to do an all-protein diet that meant steak for breakfast ) . 
  i went to the chemist finally and asked for the strongest laxative i could get which she told me to take at night , before bed and i would have a movement in the morning . 
  i thought it would be dangerous to wait that long so i took 2 pills straight away . 
  half an hour later , nothing had happened ( i did n't realise that they took hours to work ) so i decided to take another 2 to speed up the process . 
  an hour later i was at gym when i was getting really bad stomach pains , so bad i was doubling over in pay . 
  i finally went to the toilet and i swear it was like when someone cracks open a fire hydrant . 
  best/worst feeling of my life at the same time . 
  that 's really unhealthy dude, 
  i live in melbourne and have never met any that were n't friendly and helpful . 
  `` be kind to others they are also going through a great tragedy '' - philo, 
  caught in a landslide, 
  i 've seen it , heard of it multiple times . 
  the point is , anything less than arresting you is a positive but them arresting you is just them doing their job, 
  i 'm so jealous of your consistency, 
  oh wow totally said that wrong , i meant you 're better off asking . 
  i have 4 exams in 3 days starting tomorrow and i ca n't make myself study . 
  this lack of studying is making me feel more anxious and then again less likely to study . 
  i tried eating ice-cream and it did not help . 
  excuse me for a moment while i pop a sock in there, 
  if i 've done something wrong , even if i 'm not the ` most wrong ' in my mind i 'll apologise first . 
  if you 're the bigger person and he treats you like a dick then it 's his problem but it does n't hurt you to try . 
  mmppphhh the ball-gag is too tight mmmppppmppph, 
  i 'd steal what spike milligan wanted on his tombstone :, 
  `` see ... 
  i told you i was sick . '', 
  i 'll allow it, 
  hahaha no . 
  i 'm white . 
  i spend all day on the internet and i have a girlfriend, 
  dude . . no spoilers, 
  any contract signed while intoxicated , if the other party knows you are intoxicated , is invalid . 
  yeah , have to agree . 
  he can still be there for the kid and support it financially but tying yourself to it financially for the next 18 year is absurd . 
  it really depends on what the difference is , how important it is to them and how they treat each other on the topic . 
  my mum/step-dad are opposite ends of the political spectrum but it 's not a huge issue for either of them and they just almost never talk about it . 
  i 've done this , when i had glandular fever ( mono ) , my piss was bright orange and i had a bad fever so i just assumed i was still dehydrated . 
  i started getting the worst fucking headache of my life , drank more water , it got worse . 
  eventually i went to the doctor and told me i had completely washed all the good salts out of my body . 
  apparently the vitamins i 'd been loading up on were going straight through me , making my piss orange , because my liver was underperforming . 
  one gatorade and i felt 10x better . 
  none , officer, 
  i really like so 's your face , it works in every context . 
  when it happens i 'll let you know . 
  honestly , i say well played sir and shake their hand . 
  i 'll admit when i get owned . 
  i had a really bad groin injury that needed regular physio work so this is something i 'm well versed in . 
  i normally try to distract myself but if the situation got critical i would remember that time i saw my grandmother skinny dipping . 
  there is no greater boner killer on earth, 
  dispatch :, 
  [ chill song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3jjlkfx5gk ), 
  [ funkier song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5p3hvmlvwy ), 
  man who finger girl on period caught red handed, 
  i ca n't comment with certainty on american law but in australia/england it is a cause for cancellation of a contract if the other party knows the intoxicated party is intoxicated . 
  corollary : most questions appear 15 times a day and making a joke about them is interesting the 15th time, 
  i do n't believe in luck but i have the first note my so wrote me in my wallet and i look at it before exams . 
  thanks , pal, 
  as someone who went from almost no feelings to having deep emotional understanding of myself ( through years of therapy ) , i say , without hesitation that i would n't go back . 
  they would work out that i was a nerdy atheist who likes to masturbate, 
  my mum walked in on me masturbating . 
  i quickly pulled up my pants and said `` it 's not what it looked like '' , she said `` sure it was n't '' and walked out . 
  you got me to read it all , i 'll pay it . 
  my virginity . 
  i 'd lost it a week earlier and was so worried . 
  my penis, 
  if i have an erection, 
  that 's weird , your toaster told me to follow my dreams and become a dancer . 
  will you hold me closer if i do ? 
  i ca n't do it . 
  if i did how would everyone know that i 'm really well informed and have lots of funny links ( all of which i steal from reddit ) ? 
  `` excuse me but does this smell like chloroform to you ? '', 
  * come on imnotjesus ... close the deal ... you 've been training for this in all of those `` how do i know if she 's flirting '' threads . 
  so ... uhh did you fall from heaven because your face is really fucked up, 
  anchorman . 
  people hyped the shit out of it and i expected to go in and be very disappointed . 
  it was even better than expected . 
  yeh , this is a really good point . 
  do n't focus on the goal focus on making a connection and then it will naturally flow . 
  shit . 
  i do n't know what to do next . 
  can you wait until there are some more responses to [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/hxoco/so_now_that_we_can_differentiate_female/ ) ? 
  `` why thank you , it is surprisingly large . '', 
  have you tried `` thanks '', 
  better than the guy asking what to do when you get a compliment . 
  because calling it hanging up a black guy is racist, 
  go see a psychologist first and deal with the issues without medication . 
  ( s ) he might still recommend medication as a supplement to your therapy but medication alone will not fix the issues , it will only take away the symptoms, 
  in your back yard . 
  by the way your couch looks great with that coffee table . 
  awwww . 
  you have a lovely username .
