  most superstitions are also presented by authority figures ( religion generally runs in families , people who proport to be more educated present ` facts ' about alternative medicine etc. ), 
  3 ) we are poor estimators of causality . 
  you 've probably heard the phrase that correlation does n't equal causation . 
  this is of fundamental importance to understanding the world objectively but consider how recent the scientific method is . 
  humans have to make rules about the universe and correlation is often a good short-hand rule . 
  4a ) humans are poor at changing their opinion or beliefs . 
  two concepts are important here ; cognitive dissonance and confirmation bias . 
  cognitive dissonance is a psychological discomfort with conflicting answers . 
  we 're programmed to try and eliminate this dissonance because we want the world to be explicable . 
  the way we do this is primarily by confirmation bias . 
  confirmation bias is a bias wherein we over-estimate the importance and truth of information that supports our current belief and derogates the importance and truth of dissonant information . 
  there have been some amazing studies on this - most notably , a seminal study that showed participants who were given less money to participate in an incredibly boring task actually enjoyed it more as they had no way to rationalise their involvement . 
  4b ) once we have a certain belief , we also start to consider those with a similar belief an ingroup and those who do n't the outgroup . 
  ingroup-outgroup dynamics are an amazing phenomenon that have been shown to happen when 2 groups are made arbitrarily ( with both groups knowing that ) and both groups will start derogating the outgroup while supporting their ingroup . 
  5 ) mortality salience and terror management theory - this is somewhat more controversial but i think there 's some merit in the data coming out . 
  terror management theory is the idea that our awareness of our own mortality ( mortality salience ) provides psychological discomfort . 
  to combat this , we try to act in ways that give us life after our death , such as having a family , creating a legacy , giving charity , believing in life after death or being a part of something bigger than us ( such as science or a shared belief ) . 
  it 's important to note that all of these factors affect skeptics , atheists and scientists alike . 
  there are methods of inquiry that limit our propensity for error but do n't make the mistake of thinking that you 're not as likely to make fundamentally flawed attributions and conclusions . 
  they ca n't be worse than [ these ] ( http://theflatearthsociety.org/cms/ ) guys, 
  that 's mighty kind of you . 
  i tend to post in askscience/eli5 more since i love talking about and educating others about psychology . 
  publication bias is inherent in both so i do n't know that it 's worth making the distinction on this issue . 
  the best solution i 've heard is that attempts should be made to create a database of all null and boring unpublished research results so they can be used for meta-analyses and references . 
  this would be an immense undertaking but it could really limit the impact of publication bias . 
  there are some studies i know of that look more at the areas of the brain activated by religious belief . 
  two starting points would be looking at sam harris ' neuroscience research on belief and if you do n't have access to journals try searching for the ` god helmet ' on youtube . 
  ( sorry i ca n't give you links , i 'm at work ), 
  my point is that people believe in weird things for all sorts of fascinating reasons and calling them ` retarded ' misses a lot of the story . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you of anything just giving some information for those who are interested . 
  thanks for picking that up . 
  it 's actually far better for the environment too . 
  i remember from a talk by bjorn lomborg ( one of the world leaders in global warming ) he argued that we should be building with only wood houses . 
  the 1920s called , they want their understanding of mental health back . 
  in australia , if you 're on a healthcare card/pensioner card/veteran card almost all prescriptions are $ 5 . 
  my partner has to buy really expensive meds but because of that she qualifies for a healthcare card and pays almost nothing . 
  i fucking love this country . 
  not a physicist so i ca n't comment on the figures but the line of argument itself is incredibly flawed . 
  1 ) if you were n't in a universe that had those constants you would n't know about it . 
  therefore , we 're guaranteed to be in a universe that works if we 're there to observe it . 
  2 ) even if you could somehow prove that those figures could only come about through ` fine tuning ' ( not saying that , i think it 's stupid but let 's just assume for this point ) then it still proves nothing as to which force/god/etc created it . 
  i would argue that given the incongruety of the bible with our scientific knowledge i could make a strong argument that it 's more likely a unicorn named kevin created the universe than the god of the bible . 
  nice try , government . 
  there are drugs like adderall and modaffinil that are effective at increasing wakefulness and concentration and are therefore used by people with adhd and narcolepsy respectively . 
  because of this , some people also misuse the drugs for partying/studying/etc . 
  however , in respect to the movie , the basic concepts are very flawed . 
  firstly , we do n't `` only use 10 % of our brain '' , that 's a very old myth and our brain is far more complicated than we use x amount of it . 
  additionally , if there were a drug that made more of our brain active , it would actually do a far better job of lower our productivity than raising it . 
  ** it is as important for your brain to inhibit signals as it is for it to send signals ** . 
  if you were in some way able to overdrive your brain it would become less effective . 
  additionally , neurochemicals tend to impact on eachother ( more dopamine = less serotonin etc. ), 
  so there would be very weird side effects . 
  i ate a big red candle, 
  better downvote it or he 'll ruin the upvote economy with all these fraudulent votes . 
  i want that 0.25 of a second i spent clicking the upvote back . 
  talk to a professional , not strangers on the internet . 
  this is an important issue and i 'm sure there are psychological reasons behind it . 
  talk to a professional for advice or convince her to see one . 
  to add to this , our brains rapidly create new connections after birth and then go through a culling period where the connections that are n't used are gotten rid of . 
  and try to encourage her to seek help . 
  there are counselling/psychological services she can get that could really help her . 
  if she 's cutting in an obvious place ( eg . 
  wrist ) it 's a cry for help . 
  she needs support . 
  it 's not your responsibility and do n't take on more than you can handle but she needs support getting to professional help . 
  studies show that it does n't . 
  one study that compared amputees and lottery winners found that their happiness level returned to normal after only 6 months . 
  we are designed to adjust to our situation . 
  more money means we adjust our expectations to a life where we have more things . 
  that 's not to say money is bad or does n't provide certain comforts but it is ** not ** enough to get you happiness alone . 
  protip : studies have shown that paying money for experiences is better for your happiness than spending money on items of the same price . 
  the logic is that items you buy , you get sick of and like less and less over time . 
  positive experiences tend to get embellished in your memory and you remember them better than they were . 
  these sorts of studies are useful but it 's important to remember that they 're correlational . 
  for example , people with higher incomes could be more satisfied because they have achieved a lot or have high mastery which is important . 
  i did 3 iq tests in high school . 
  i found them online so did n't trust the validity and that 's why i did 3 . 
  they were all within 3 points so i figured they were relatively accurate . 
  i scored , on average , 140.3 . 
  as it turns out i 'm listening to a lecture on iq testing as we speak , i can give some better information in 2 hours haha . 
  cool, 
  not at all trying to discount the study , it 's just important to remember that correlation does n't equal causation when looking at these sorts of studies . 
  i know a little about iq tests so i 'm happy to share if you have any specific questions but not sure of any online ones , sorry . 
  it 's culturally biassed , ill-defined , poorly tested and misunderstood . 
  my girlfriend got me a voucher to do an entrance exam for last christmas . 
  still have n't got around to doing it haha . 
  different types of psychologist would give you answers based on their perspectives but given the impossibility of studying this empirically i do n't think you 're going to get a very satisfying answer . 
  [ citation required ], 
  thank you kindly, 
  completely agree . 
  however , i do n't think you can take correlational studies to mean that more money = happiness considering there are way too many confounders ( personal achievement , task mastery , job autonomy etc. ), 
  also , the reason i posted that study is that when people ask if money can buy happiness my interpretation is that they 're asking `` if i had x amount would i be happier than i am now '' . 
  i think showing that having more money does n't actually make you happier , it 's the things that * normally * go along with it . 
  inspired by everyone else . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fox4d.png ) is $ 20 from a poor uni student . 
  another one that others have n't mentioned is quite a simple argument . 
  1 ) do you believe at some point in there future computers will be good enough that we can run simulations have people in it ? 
  2 ) would it be an integral part of that simulation that those in the simulation do not know they 're in one ? 
  3 ) has more than one simulation ever been run ? 
  if the answer to all 3 is yes , logically it is more likely that you 're in a simulation than not in one .
