  eventually you 'd start getting tired or they 'd get enough nut shots in to slow you down . 
  somewhat similar to unicorn meat, 
  the allied atheist alliance is way better than the united atheist alliance, 
  really ? 
  that would turn me on, 
  just bieber is more talented and successful than you will ever be . 
  i wish i was a girl so my answer could be : `` slippery when wet '', 
  it 's delicious, 
  you have to be a pretty callous person to say `` get over it '' . 
  it sounds like his experience was pretty damn traumatic . 
  mind ... blown . 
  is that why my bacon plant is n't growing ? 
  i planted it like 6 months ago . 
  [ just world hypothesis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/just-world_phenomenon ), 
  please do n't blame the victims . 
  they 're assholes . 
  i 'm sorry you were bullied , it must have been horrible . 
  you can * try * [ this ] ( http://whatstheharm.net/chiropractic.html ) but you will probably have little luck . 
  there 's a difference between walking down a dangerous street by yourself and getting bullied by your peers and teachers at school and you know it . 
  the point is that you saying he could 've done something different is insensitive , ludicrous , adds nothing and in fact can be harmful . 
  i do n't really know what you were trying to achieve . 
  jeff buckley, 
  dispatch, 
  billy joel, 
  queen, 
  muse, 
  apparently human meat is most analogous to pig . 
  i 've heard a theory that that 's why most old religions ban pig . 
  i could create a serious panic in the state health system, 
  make sure it 's always topped up with oil , never completely run out of fuel and your tires should be properly inflated . 
  it will greatly reduce the stress on your car, 
  i 'm really a broom, 
  you 're daydreaming about her because she has become idealised . 
  she is n't real , she 's an impression of your perfect woman and a way of keeping some level of distance/safety from your so . 
  speak to a professional . 
  this is n't incapacitating but you 're going to stop yourself having the kind of relationship you want with your so . 
  i could give you a list of a bunch of situations where you think you 're making a free choice and you 're not . 
  read up in cognitive biases and heuristics . 
  why are you still with her ? 
  that makes me fucking angry at the parents . 
  it 's tongue-in-cheek, 
  women love when you talk about their vagina on the internet . 
  you should post that she has a yeast infection and then show her . 
  she 'll think it 's really romantic . 
  you need to work out why you 're an asshole . 
  are you pushing people away because you fear intimacy/vulnerability ? 
  speak to a therapist . 
  speak to a professional, 
  i had 120 days played of wow in a year . 
  i quit after i realised that . 
  then i ran a dota league for a while . 
  one day , i went to work and sat on reddit all day answer questions on askreddit . 
  respond by saying `` i completely agree , that 's why we do n't allow black people to marry '' . 
  i assume i would throw up and faint . 
  probably would n't get any words out at all . 
  that 's a shocking idea, 
  exxon . 
  i would immediately send otu a press release saying that as we rely on natural resources to create profit we will be giving a large amount back . 
  i would then create a new department ( if it does n't already exist ) designed to give out money to good charities/funds/scholarships / research and give them an absurd budget to work with . 
  you learn your secretary 's name before you sleep with her ? 
  i 'm about to finish my undergrad but i do a lot of extra reading and wo n't answer anything without referring to research/textbook first, 
  i 'm confused . 
  they raided an apartment that you own because the tenant was growing marijuana ? 
  i wanted to be certain what he meant before i gave advice . 
  contact insurance then, 
  night terrors do n't result in sleep paralysis because they happen in non-rem sleep . 
  would have to be a nightmare . 
  yes , you can return your food . 
  if your fish smells like that it means that it 's not fresh enough . 
  beware though , your replacement will most likely be spat on . 
  also , their policy is bullshit and you should n't go back . 
  used to happen to me :, 
  1 ) does he get worried about not cumming now because it has become an issue ? 
  2 ) do you use your hand ? 
  3 ) do you alternate speeds ? 
  you should probably talk about it, 
  so try to do it just for the enjoyment of the blowjob itself and try to take the pressure off cumming . 
  tell him that if he does n't finish , it 's okay and that you can finish with sex or w/e . 
  personally , i like different speeds at different times . 
  i like average speed then as i get closer to cumming faster and faster , maybe it 'll work for him ? 
  my insides are all gross and intestiney, 
  just be there for him . 
  support him , be his friend . 
  make sure he knows that not everyone is like that and he is likeable for who he is . 
  protests about what ? 
  i 'm not going to go join a protest i do n't agree with . 
  you had me until capitalisation . 
  i spent all morning at work , working on my university assignment and have got a nice chunk of it done . 
  also , it 's sensationalising and annoying . 
  what would be really good is if you did your own homework, 
  yes it is and has proven to be in many clinical studies . 
  you should also note that anxiety disorders and mood disorders have very high rates of co-morbidity if untreated . 
  if you want some advice on the type of therapy or need more info feel free to ask but if the anxiety/depression is negatively affecting your life , you should really see a professional . 
  i get paid to reddit, 
  none because i 'm not insane, 
  never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever, 
  one time my penis stayed inside my pants, 
  have public sex with men, 
  good idea . 
  you want to show that you 're bisexual , not gay .
