  we need pictures to assess the situation, 
  people make their choice . 
  if you do n't want your personal information out there , do n't post it on a public website . 
  being an adult means understanding things are never black and white . 
  you need both . 
  there 's no grand unifying rule about which is better . 
  do n't be a dick, 
  a kid in my class ( about 15 years old ) asked the teacher what the time was . 
  he put out his arm and continued talking to which she replied `` i ca n't read analogue '' . 
  he then spent the next 20 minutes slowly , and condescendingly , teaching her how to read an analogue watch . 
  at the time it was hilarious , in hindsight he was a massive , massive douchebag . 
  look , no arguments that she 's dumb as dog shit but it 's still a fucking horrible thing for a teacher to do . 
  saw a penis, 
  i found a balance by having no life, 
  drunk sex is much much worse than sober sex . 
  that depends on the substance and situation, 
  that is a magnificent tag !, 
  exactly . 
  all reddit content needs to be pure reddit repost . 
  we do n't want any 9gag bullshit getting in the way of our cats and reposts, 
  also , it was n't actually fapper in the show , it 's been edited . 
  that really depends on how you define religion . 
  i do n't think christianity/judaim/islam will be that common in western countries in 100 years time . 
  that being said , learning more about science has done little to curb people believing in horoscopes , chakras and psychics . 
  the point is , we will certainly have less organised religion but we 'll still have a lot of people believing a lot of stupid things . 
  he cracked the shits and stopped answering questions, 
  well ... 
   former intern, 
  ftfy, 
  yes . 
  all the time . 
  i started farting in front of her after a few weeks . 
  i get terrible stomach pains if i do n't regularly and she was getting a bit suspicious about me going to the bathroom constantly . 
  she farts in front of me from time to time and i always cheer when she does . 
  i do n't believe that 's possible . 
  life is about contrast . 
  living 200 + years for sure . 
  you deserve to feel that guilt . 
  it 's your brain telling you you 're a massive btich, 
  you did n't call dibs, 
  200 $ 1 handjobs, 
  do n't be a dick, 
  you 're right , there 's a niche there . 
  he can probably charge more * . 
  ask him why he has n't told her . 
  when he says `` it would upset her '' , you tell him that 's why . 
  then call him a dingus . 
   is there another way i can earn about $ 200 ? 
  she can talk . 
  just ask her, 
  show me a picture and i 'll tell you what you are, 
  neuroticism , that you normally associate with intelligence , tends to correlate with introversion . 
  introversion is why they 're bad with women , not their intelligence , you have a third variable problem . 
  [ citation required ], 
  as a non-american , i find it * very * creepy . 
  and carat, 
  you ca n't buy good rope these days, 
  also consider a child and mortgage to really make sure, 
  the guy i live next to ( in suburban australia ) has a bunker in his backyard . 
  we 've never heard him talk to anyone or have any visitors and he just looks creepy in general . 
  okay , so there are a few different types of intelligence and they come under two major banners ; crystallised and fluid intelligence . 
  crystallised = book smarts ; knowing facts etc. 
  fluid = ability to reason ; solving puzzles etc. 
  you two have different types of intelligence . 
  one is n't better or worse than the other , they 're just different . 
  okay , here 's an exercise . 
  whatever you do , do n't think about a pink elephant . 
  stop it . 
  stop thinking about that elephant . 
  does n't work does it ? 
  our brains are designed to remember things that are important ( be it good or bad ) . 
  there 's no way to force yourself to forget and the harder you try , the more it will stick there . 
  if it 's genuinely upsetting you , you should consider talking to a counsellor about it . 
  it may have brought up some issues that would be fruitful to talk through . 
  try [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com `` you dingus '' ), 
  `` purely caused by chemicals '' . 
  that 's what your mind is . 
  electricity and neurochemicals causing the electricity . 
  spend lots of time in the sun , sleep face down and hit the gym . 
  say goodbye or seek couples counselling, 
  it will make you look older by aging your face, 
  they taste like shit . 
  unless they 're apple martinis . 
  you lose man points but fuck me they 're delicious . 
  woody harrelson : did you fuck her ? 
  the numbers are fudged by reddit for reasons i 'm not smart enough to understand, 
  the only guaranteed method is digital-anal stimulation ^ 1, 
  give $ 100million away to family charity . 
  stick $ 25million in an account that sits there earning me interest, 
  spend $ 25million flipping houses, 
  spend $ 50million buying myself everything i 've ever wanted, 
  wil wheaton is a redditor, 
  i 'd punch justin bieber in the face because i hate it when people become famous for making music that does n't appeal to my specific tastes . 
  what an asshole . 
  i did . 
  then i realised that lacking the technical knowledge also meant i had no idea why it was such a terrible , terrible idea . 
  see that button that says ` formatting help ' ? 
  ] ( http://reddit.com `` op is a dingus '' ), 
  yeh , he got murdered . 
  i do n't know this for a fact but the odds are good,
