  massive tips in the study where they did that . 
  you clearly have a lot of shit to talk about and if you 're seriously depressed you should be doing that with a psychologist , not anonymous strangers on the internet . 
  ginko are crap . 
  good sleep/exercise/diet will make a difference . 
  meditation has also been shown to help . 
  have you been told there 's no pay ? 
  it may have been an accident . 
  put like 90 % into an account that gets me interest, 
  house prices do tend to go up over time so if there has been a down period it is likely to improve . 
  also , if you have a mortgage , the longer you stay the more principal ( money towards the actual house instead of interest ) you 're paying off which means borrowing less for your next place . 
  in australia it does but do n't know about where you 're from . 
  i 'm secure enough in myself and my masculinity that i do n't feel the need to put up a guise, 
  you wanted a pro at getting sex and you went to a website populated by nerds ? 
  like , sure , some of us do get laid but pros ? 
  masturbate on the bus, 
  to what end ? 
  they 've already split , it will only hurt him . 
  tell the brother you know though , blackmail opportunities abound . 
  because your job is n't to be interesting , it 's to give information . 
  be an adult , just ignore him . 
  you won . 
  you 're not lifting with both arms equally ( by the sounds of your description ) . 
  focus on keeping the bar flat and * do not * lift heavier than you should . 
  if you ca n't do 10-12 reps with perfect form and slowly , it 's too heavy . 
  go down in weight , keep the bar flat ( make sure your hands are equal widths ) and focus on technique . 
  if you still get pain , go see a physiotherapist . 
  i 'm an atheist myself but you go to a catholic school . 
  what did you expect ? 
  it 's poor pr on their part but surely they should be allowed to have people who they feel comfortable with doing it when your friend could have a conflict of interests . 
  making a joke = / = racism . 
  you may think it 's distasteful but that does n't mean it 's racist . 
  also , reddit is a collection of people that have different views . 
  plenty of shit gets upvoted by paultards that does n't represent me at all . 
  there was a book called `` the bell curve '' that argued it . 
  turns out that every study since has shown that iq is n't based on race , it 's based on academic opportunities and nutrition . 
  in fact , due to the availability of both of those rising , iq scores are also rising ( termed the flynn effect ) . 
  your position is objectively false . 
  however , it 's not racist to ask the question . 
  many studies show that 's due to nutrition and academic opportunities , not genetics . 
  iq scores are rising in africa far faster than in western europe as a result . 
  you 're simply wrong . 
  read any data on the flynn effect from the last 20 years . 
  i study this shit . 
  edit : as you can see he editted his post . 
  actually it 's been studied extensively and been shown to not be true . 
  honours currently but just finished a paper on the flynn effect, 
  obviously is , i did n't think anyone here wanted to read thousands of words on it . 
  it was n't a thesis , just a research essay . 
  i 'm happy to explain further if you 'd like but did n't think it was necessary to explain it there . 
  beyond being wrong about the cause of iq disparity in certain areas ( as i said above , it 's related to nutrition/education and not genetics ) you 're also making a ** huge ** assumption that iq is the only factor that leads to criminal behaviour or welfare . 
  do n't have anything on hand , am at work . 
  there 's been a tonne of papers on iq disparity in the 20 years since the bell curve and they basically show that nutrition/education/parental literacy etc. 
  are far better predictors than race . 
  also , if you 're getting it as a result of increased sexual activity , make sure to urinate after sex . 
  yes , but is it really living ? 
  pornography since it would be 90 % masturbation . 
  you accidentally a link . 
  also , this is n't the right subreddit, 
  expected feelings to become a factor at some point . 
  you need to be willing to potentially get hurt/hurt someone, 
  best cure is drinking lots of water/electrolytes before bed . 
  before you go out , put a powerade on your bed-side table and drink it before sleep . 
  guarantee you 'll halve your hangover . 
  ca n't possibly know and it does n't happen every time . 
  no matter how much you try , sex is an intimate and shared experience that , if done right , is emotionally charged . 
  plus , your brain releases lots of oxytocin ( neurochemical responsible for pair-bonding ) after sex . 
  i have a creepy neighbour who has a bunker in his backyard ( in suburban australia ) . 
  he lives alone and no-one ever visits . 
  does she have a record of the texts/emails ? 
  make sure you keep them , they 're evidence . 
  sounds super culty . 
  edit :, 
   as part of a new social order , we have a different culture from the rest of society . 
  we have different goals and different standards . 
  we serve the god of abraham and want to train our children to keep his way -- to always do what is right and fair . 
  that 's why we home-school our children and make opportunities to include them in what we do . 
  we want to equip them to make wise choices , and not be swayed by the media manipulation and love of pleasure that drives the modern world . 
  we want them to understand the value of the treasure we have found , and to appreciate the one who rescued us from a lonely and futile existence . 
  these guys are batshit dude . 
  read up what they actually believe . 
  no because i 'm a rational adult . 
  not sure if trolling or very stupid . 
  edit : [ relevant ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/om6jy/i_plan_to_lose_1500_comment_karma_in_a_2_week/ ), 
  because porn, 
  is that the thing where you mean to say one thing but say your mother ? 
  no they 're fucking insane conspiracy theorists and they 're full of shit . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.skeptic.com/eskeptic/09-02-25/ ) a thorough rundown of everything wrong with the film . 
  read the link . 
  no problems at all , 
  we 're still yet to see 4,000 `` i ca n't believe how productive i was '' posts and at least 8,000 `` i went outside for the first time '' jokes . 
  top submission on askreddit within 30 minutes will be `` how did you spend the blackout '' , top response will be something to do with sleeping by an aussie , potentially written upside down . 
  the guy in the middle looks like he 's trying to cheat off the guy to his left 's answers, 
  by pre-emptively making fun of people who post that . 
  it 's like a meta-circlejerk, 
  keep it as even and flat as possible, 
  worked with a girl who became a mormon and went from being suicidal/drug addicted to regularly attending church and completely cleaning up her life . 
  it says nothing to the veracity but i did n't exactly feel compelled to tell her that her belief was wrong . 
  / r/dae or / r/doesanybodyelse, 
   well i 'm a police, 
  i think i found your problem and it is n't your job .
