  ask a question . 
  stop partisan politics and actually try to represent the people . 
  why not all crimes ? 
  i 'd argue that there are plenty of gang members who are much more deserving/needing of help than white collar criminals who were greedy . 
  i meant , post an actual question . 
  i had to remove this post . 
  yes . 
  my mother took a while to adjust but she 's used to it now . 
  i decided that i had not good reason to believe and the more i learned about god , the more i realised that he 's not someone i want to worship even if he were real . 
  have sex with my girlfriend . 
  i hope . 
  [ it already is ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079470/ ) . 
  an awesome one too . 
  i 'll be honest . 
  i did n't see the word work . 
  the number of times i 've been told that i 'd love it is ridiculous . 
  i 've seen like half an episode and it looks like the douchiest thing i 've ever seen . 
  if that 's the only thing stopping you , you 're totally missing out . 
  i watched an episode of malcolm recently after watching heaps of breaking bad , it messed with my head . 
  that dude can act . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's people pretending to do science but really doing magic . 
  `` oh , well , i can paint well so here , i 'll draw up a program that will give you a visual demonstration of different weapons going into the wound that perfectly measures the fit . '', 
  `` a different angle ? '', 
  * mashes some keys * `` here you go '' . 
  australia : video games that are supposed to have an 18 + rating . 
  we do n't have an 18 + rating so they 're just banned . 
  apparently legislation is working it 's way through currently to fix it but , for example , it was illegal to buy mortal kombat here . 
  also , there is n't even a full season . 
  the worst part of watching it is realising how many loose ends there are . 
  nice one !!, 
  how many times have you donated in the past ? 
  where ? 
  really ? 
  so , all of the best shows on tv ? 
  same man . 
  i watched one episode and just thought `` wow , i 'm nowhere near high enough for this to be funny '' . 
  it 's like watching someone else 's acid trip . 
  if anyone is wondering , i was the one who removed the post and i did so because it did n't fit within the rules of the subreddit . 
  he was trying to use askreddit to push his idea and never intended to create genuine discussion . 
  i explained this to him in modmail . 
  also , his second thread was n't deleted , it was 2/16 and fell below the threshold . 
  vienna - billy joel, 
  it 's about slowing down and trying not to have everything in your life all at once . 
  let things come in their own time . 
  imagine a reddit where people follow the rules of the subreddit . 
  yes . 
  any sexual attention that you did n't want and explicitly said no to is not okay . 
  dumping terrible people . 
  also , i 'm currently re-watching louis c.k. 
  's stand up specials - i 'm on [ shameless ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7ditjpndr8 ), 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  why did n't you ? 
  you 're some sort of evil genius . 
  three times total . 
  i only started this year though . 
  good luck !, 
  do n't spend the whole conversation waiting for your chance to talk . 
  you can spend an entire conversation doing nothing but ask questions and the other person will think you 're the best conversationalist they 've ever met . 
  also , protip : that 's not what the halo effect is . 
  the halo effect is the idea that your positive impression of a person will colour your continuing impressions of them . 
  that is , if someone thinks you 're a `` good person '' , they 're likely to have a bias towards maintaining that impression . 
  the reverse is also true . 
  that 's what i 'm aiming for in life , no-one noticing my existence . 
  that 's the thing . 
  if the story had ended with `` i 'm so ashamed . 
  i was just so emotional because of that day and i could n't control myself '' it would n't have been ** anywhere near ** as bad . 
  / r/ar _ blood_drive, 
  this is most important in relationships . 
  hourly, 
  nice !, 
  thanks . 
  when i was much younger , i went outside and saw my sister smoking a bong with some friends . 
  i , being the naive young child i was , asked her what it was and she explained it was called a bong and told me not to tell anyone . 
  fast forward a few months and me and my sister are arguing about who has more dirt on the other . 
  my dad , smartly , decides to say `` why do n't you both write something down on a piece of paper and i 'll tell you which is worse '' . 
  we both agree and write our thing down . 
  he reads my sister 's note , gives me a slight look of disappointment but does n't say anything . 
  next , he reads my note and just starts pissing himself laughing . 
  my sister , seeing him pissing himself laughing , rushes over and reads the note and instantly starts laughing too . 
  they later explained to me the difference between a `` bong '' and a `` bomb '' . 
  you should only rape people if you 've got a really good reason . 
  like if they wo n't have sex with you . 
  on one hand i really regret not removing that post when it came into new . 
  on the other hand , it was hilarious . 
  australia - the fucking spiders, 
  that or our lack of genuine separation of church and state . 
  that was surprisingly entertaining . 
  / r/findareddit, 
  good lobster is amazing . 
  bad lobster is terrible . 
  it 's the sort of thing you should only eat at expensive places . 
  i 've never had sex with a man . 
  it seems quite popular but i do n't think it 's for me . 
  yeah . 
  like with some other types of seafood it 's got a really nasty texture if you do n't cook it perfectly . 
  kind of gritty . 
  if it 's cooked nicely though it 's got a wonderful taste/texture . 
  he did n't leave , karmanaut kicked him out during the last sw drama .
