  stay out of this . 
  human brains are designed to get used to whatever circumstance we 're in . 
  there was a very important study a few years ago that charted the happiness of lottery winners and amputees . 
  for the first 6 months , the lottery winners were much happier than the amputees ( obviously ) . 
  after 6 months , they both returned to their baseline and were almost identical . 
  there is no circumstance where it 's okay for him to have told you that . 
  also , there are plenty of guys who appear to be `` great guys '' who have bad tempers or make bad mistakes . 
  you do n't know and you ca n't know . 
  stay the fuck out of this . 
  it does n't mean that you ca n't . 
  what it means is that happiness is a moving target that can only be attained through growth and development . 
  think of it like watching your favourite movie . 
  the first few times you watch it , it feels great . 
  however , if that 's all you had , all day every day , it would stop giving you what it was providing . 
  but see , that 's a wonderful example . 
  a brand new relationship is fun and exciting and sexy and filled with crazy ups and downs . 
  however , that is n't sustainable forever . 
  over time , you have to learn to develop other parts of your relationship . 
  you learn to support and care for each other . 
  you learn to find joy in sharing your life and experiences . 
  if you try to hold onto that initial * kind * of happiness , it 'll never work . 
  if this is true ( unlikely ) say nothing . 
  why are some people more athletic that others ? 
  people are different . 
  it 's called genetics, 
  you ca n't . 
  you just think you can, 
  imnotjesus works for me . 
  it 's helped clear up a lot of confusion . 
  she * should * call you to confirm but you also * should * call and check when she needs you . 
  if she 's your friend , suck it up and just call her ( or text her ) anyway and check . 
  it 's probably just slipped her mind . 
  what makes you think they did n't evolve much and how are you even defining that ? 
  i think your entire presupposition is wrong . 
  the dream sequence in the original max payne was genuinely haunting . 
  wax !, 
   posting other people 's personal information will result in a ban . 
  i 'm going to remove this post before it gets to that because i think you have good intentions but please do n't post or ask for any personal information on askreddit . 
  seems very , very logical . 
  they 're at constant risk of their lives/well-being in the process of doing a job that protects us . 
  there 's no situation where touching a cop is okay . 
  there are plenty of situations where a cop needs to be forceful in doing his/her job . 
  i know there 's a large anti-cop sentiment on reddit but this is a 100 % needed part of them doing their job . 
  or the speech is dangerous in itself . 
  for example , yelling fire in a crowded movie theatre . 
  you do n't get karma for self-posts, 
  for me , i think the line is whether it feels like the question is genuinely seeking out other opinions/perspectives/experiences or does the question part seems like it was only put there to make it fit within the subreddit . 
  the rule, 
   askreddit is for though-provoking , inspired questions, 
  is a tricky one to enforce . 
  it seems like there are two different types of questions that get to the top :, 
  1 ) questions designed to elicit information, 
  2 ) questions designed to elicit stories, 
  as far as i 'm concerned there 's room for both and i think you 'll find plenty of great examples of both when looking through / top . 
  if a thread leads to a great discussion through sharing stories does that make it though-provoking or should we try to make it more informative ? 
  i 'm not sure what the answer is . 
  i 'd be for a blanket ban on any direct medical advice questions but i do n't know if that 'd have popular support . 
  does n't change anything i said . 
  there have been a couple but it happens regularly . 
  i thought it could n't hurt to remind people and make sure people knew why the rule exists . 
  yep , that 's very helpful . 
  if you report the post it also makes it stick out to us and we can remove it if necessary . 
  yes sir . 
  i do n't distinguish my posts unless it 's relevant to my comment . 
  valid question . 
  i think linking to santorum 's twitter account is fine . 
  however , if you gave us his personal home address that would n't be . 
  the question is , does the person have a reasonable expectation of privacy ? 
  i would say that santorum does n't expect his twitter page to be private . 
  yes i 'm aware you 've made this criticism a few times . 
  i 'm personally for a ban but the mods are split on the issue . 
  i 'm happy to keep the discussion lines open and perhaps another time i 'll make a post asking for general opinion . 
  i 'm very serious and have deleted a bunch of posts in my short time as a mod . 
  if you see an offensive post , report it and message the mods to be sure . 
  we ca n't possibly read every post . 
  never tried, 
  you ca n't . 
  we have no way of verifying if you are genuinely that person or you 're pretending for some purpose . 
  personal information is not okay . 
  i think it 's a borderline case and probably depends on the context . 
  i generally want to err on the side of avoiding internet vigilantism . 
  hey !, 
  remove that username !, 
  why would you want to ? 
  if you have any suggestions you 're welcome to submit them to the mods . 
  worrying about one issue does n't mean that we do n't care about any others . 
  this is the most important one though . 
  damn , as an australian i had a great chance to do an april fool 's joke when a large proportion of redditors would n't have seen it coming . 
  then i will happily ban you . 
  you can always message it to the mods and we discuss individual cases . 
  that 's the other part of the problem . 
  i do n't really see a situation besides `` can you help me work out this cop 's badge number from my cellphone video ? '', 
  or `` blah blah blah one side of the story blah blah blah , please help me complain to his commanding officer '' . 
  neither is really what we want on here anyway . 
  exactly right . 
  that 's why you 're not allowed to post ** any ** personal information . 
  nope . 
  the lifelong guilt would be way worse than the 30 seconds of enjoyment i 'd get from that experience . 
  a lot of posts get deleted ( spam bots mainly ) . 
  if you 're concerned about one particular instance you can always message the mods .
