  i am my brain . 
  when i die my brain stops receiving oxygenated blood and therefore stops doing anything meaningful . 
  there 's no scientific or logical reason to think that once my brain stops doing things i , as a person , exist anymore . 
  yeah , does n't work that way , for a lot of reasons . 
  i completely agree with that and actually work for one . 
  i 'm saying that it 's not very similar to seeing a psychiatrist or a psychologist ( which is a little closer ) . 
  your friend is a fucking asshole and deserves to lose his license . 
  nothing , do n't be an asshole . 
  i know that you find it really offensive that he makes music for a different demographic but do n't be a cock . 
  i think that your conception of aliens is almost certainly false and completely unfounded . 
  however , it 's likely that there 's at least single-celled life somewhere in the universe . 
  i love your editorialising of the title . 
  there is n't just a complete lack of evidence it works , it also goes against pretty basic rules of physics and chemistry and has no basis in logic or science . 
  from wiki :, 
   homeopathic remedies are prepared by repeatedly diluting a chosen substance in alcohol or distilled water , followed by forceful striking on an elastic body , called succussion . 
  [ 7 ] each dilution followed by succussion is said to increase the remedy 's potency . 
  dilution usually continues well past the point where none of the original substance remains . 
  have to move out and start paying rent in 3 weeks and i ca n't seem to find a job no matter how hard i try . 
  i could have said accepted principles or physics and chemistry but this is eli5 , why are you being pedantic about my wording when the overall answer is clear and correct ? 
  much appreciated, 
  i saw [ this documentary ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113957/ ) on hacking . 
  how accurate is it ? 
  hey this post really is n't suitable for askreddit so i ca n't approve it but you really need to encourage her to call a suicide helpline . 
  you 're doing god 's work . 
   your own answer to the question should go in the comments . 
  anyone can say anything in a self-help book . 
  there 's no requirement of a scientific basis . 
  i 'm assuming this is supposed to be like a / r/facepalm post where we laugh because they 're * both * idiots . 
  they should try getting rid of a star player . 
  it worked out okay for us . 
  i ca n't believe that pringles is n't causing the lakers to win more games . 
  their defense was terrible so they brought in the maestro of defence mike d. . . oh . 
  at least your starters are getting lots of rest to make sure they 're ready for the playoffs . 
  i 'm so glad we saved a few millions dollars by getting rid of harden . 
  why is n't kyle lowry being kyle lowry yet ? 
  my favourite team is anyone playing against the lakers but there is n't a flair for that . 
  i 'm sure that his athleticism wo n't be affected and there 's no chance that he becomes the next brandon roy . 
  exactly he should be more like kobe and be humble, 
  they should draft more point guards, 
  this joke is as old as the clipper 's bench, 
  metta world peace is still a stupid name, 
  the general idea that big life changes can be made by these really simple one size fits all principles is just unfounded . 
  there 's no magic cure to changing one 's life , it 's a complicated and individual thing . 
  that 's a very small sample size and 2 bad games probably should n't damn one of the best young players in the league . 
  he has to take 40 shots because he has no-one to pass to . 
  it 's still 2006 right ? 
  i 've seen a bunch of disappearing beard gifs but this is by far the best executed . 
  bravo sir, 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  how does applying them to a small sample size make it any less likely that those two games are outliers ? 
  basketball is n't a coinflip but there is a large amount of variability in play that is n't all indicative of the player 's ability or ` level of clutch ' . 
  the whole idea of `` performing on the big stage '' is incredibly overblown and shows a complete lack of knowledge of basic statistics . 
  there is n't some magic switch that `` clutch '' players can flick to make them instantly better at basketball . 
  this is an amazing idea if you want the awesome convenience of having to go down to your basement every time you take out the rubbish . 
  nice try , steve . 
  this would 've been very valuable information * before * the shit talking thread . 
  the video is excellent , your title is not . 
  kobe took as many fg attempts as all the other starters combined ( as well as 12 ft attempts ) . 
  he also had less assists than turnovers . 
  just remember to take it off before you go to bed . 
  exactly , it 's each coaches job to give their team the best chance to win within the rules . 
  relationship status : engaged, 
  because you 're not very good in bed . 
  i 'm so aroused right now . 
  also , basketball is a game of runs . 
  if you do n't play any offence for 5/6 minutes that really has an impact . 
  technical, 
  completely agree . 
  larry does n't have a 1-1 game . 
  also , lebron is a * far * superior defender . 
  the skateboarding one is a standout . 
  magnificent . 
  no testing is perfect , iq testing is far better than most and the top few tests have ** incredibly ** high reliability and validity . 
  however , it 's also worth considering that a large portion of the iq disparity can be attributed to socioeconomic status . 
  i 'm in / r/circlejerk right ? 
  i think he * is * just that big a douche . 
  i meant by subreddit . 
  which subreddit is the most selective ? 
  that would unfairly favour the small subs . 
  i just want to see the sheer number of posts we 've removed/spammed, 
  a ) there 's a month to go, 
  b ) why would anyone do that ? 
  c ) would n't it be really obvious to the admins anyway ? 
   highest karma per comment, 
   highest karma per submission, 
  would need to be a minimum number of comments/submissions . 
  really do n't know why they let kids sit courtside . 
  it 's just straight up dangerous and puts the players in an unfair position . 
  not even kahn makes that trade . 
  honestly , the move i 'd be most worried about is one that gives a solid 4 ( who can shoot 3s ) and some depth . 
  you 're not going to get a better player back for pau ( at his age and contract ) but what you could do is improve one of the worst benches in the nba , take some pressure off the starters and improve defensively . 
  ^ that 's my point . 
  i was n't saying the test is biased , i 'm saying that it explains the religiosity/iq relationship better than a direct relationship . 
  deadb33f too, 
  i do n't understand your question . 
  are you asking if 100 is the global mean or whether it 's the mean for each individual country ? 
  rightfully so too . 
  diaz is coming off an incredible 1 loss streak which obviously has him ready for a title shot . 
  once again , being a dick and having a loud mouth pays off in the ufc . 
  sure , it 's an interesting fight in some ways but if you 're going to try to be a legitimate sport you at least have to pretend a little bit .
