  the same information comes out either way , this just makes it seem like less of a witch hunt . 
  thing to remember though is d'antoni 's pnr is n't just about having nash and a good big , you need to surround them with shooters to create space . 
  are kobe and pau going to go and stand in space watching while nash/dwight work ? 
  who can actually space the floor besides nash who 's presumably handling the ball ? 
  and do n't forget that dwight can roll but he ca n't pop like stod because he has no midrange game . 
  it 's going to look different to the suns offence . 
  but hey , he 's looking for work . 
  the moon is n't too much when it 's money . 
  the moon is too much when it 's taking power away from the buss family . 
  do you follow him on twitter ? 
  he live tweets games sometimes and it 's awesome . 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  they have two guys who can shoot from 3 and they 're both point guards . 
  i think the spacing is going to be a mess for a pnr team . 
  sure , the transition might be fun but i do n't see the offensive explosion everyone is hoping for . 
  / r/samplesize, 
  it may sound pointless but i like accruing meaningless internet points on a popular website . 
  you sound like a wonderful person to be around . 
  do you start monroe at the 4 ? 
  the lack of durant touches is making me very sad . 
  durant has 4 fga to russ ' 13 . 
  should never happen . 
  is monroe 's mid-range game good enough ? 
  i worry that with your lack of shooters it would make the floor spacing even worse . 
  i love drummond but just not sure how it would work . 
  is monroe 's mid-range game good enough ? 
  i worry that with your lack of shooters it would make the floor spacing even worse . 
  i love drummond but just not sure how it would work . 
  westbrook tries to not let him, 
  as a human being and someone who does n't like children being abused , i welcome this royal commission into pastoral sexual abuse of minors and wish it all success . 
  morris playing much better defence so far than i 've ever seen from blake . 
  the other really sad thing about it is that his `` explosion '' on twitter on confirms the misconceptions that a lot of people have about mental health issues . 
  dancing with a gay abandon that should never by seen by anyone else . 
  it looked like an olivia newton john workout video . 
  tl ; dr - previous research shows that religious people tend to be happier than non-religious people . 
  the authors suggest that they 're happier not because being religious itself changes happiness but because they live in a society where they get respect and social inclusion because they 're religious . 
  i do n't think prince is a given . 
  johnny flynn, 
  it 's a very large list of all the things he 's done in office so far . 
  click the button for more . 
  sorry , i should say that i think he 's the most likely on that list to move . 
  this happens in australia and i really do n't see where it 's hurt our economic growth . 
  we also have a higher top tax bracket than you . 
  i 've never heard anyone say `` i do n't want to make money because some of that money will go to the government '' and our economy technically never went into recession during the global financial crisis . 
  we also , get a lot more in return from our taxes . 
  i agree , i 'm not saying it * will * happen , i 'm saying it * should * happen . 
  america fetishises `` freedom '' and the `` american dream '' so much that no-one could sell it . 
  that 's the problem with having a national identity built around the idea that ` anyone can make it ' . 
  it puts a premium on individual liberty and demonises those who do n't achieve financial success but ignores the underlying factors that actually deny those opportunities - healthcare etc. 
  to be fair , it seems like a bad therapist was involved here too . 
  anything that causes you distress or is maladaptive should be taken seriously , irrespective of its position in the dsm , in the same way that a headache should be taken seriously if no clear illness can be found . 
  if you have symptoms that are distressing to * you * , your first port of call should always be a medical professional . 
  hold on a minute , are you saying that you ca n't objectively measure subjective experiences ? 
  the medical field would like to have a word with you . 
  you 're being absurdly reductionist in what you call science here and i really do n't think you see the different levels of understanding required . 
  let 's talk about depression . 
  it 's a cluster of subjective symptoms that can be measured objectively and have a physical * and * psychological cause ( it 's very well established that the physical/psychological causes are bi-directional ) . 
  if you take the approach that you can only measure physically identifiable issues , you could make some claims about serotonin levels and not much else . 
  but , since you reject operationally defined subjective experiences , we have to throw out 80 % of the recognisable symptoms of depression . 
  alternatively , you can operationally define the common cluster of symptoms we call depression - as done in the dsm . 
  you can objectively measure those clusters and experience of those symptoms . 
  we can then create treatments , measuring how those treatments reduce the subjective experience of those symptoms ( obviously using double-blind placebo controlled trials ) and scientifically present the results . 
  in this way , you can use the scientific method to objectively measure and define subjective symptoms and treat them in ways that do n't necessarily cohere with our current physical understanding of the brain . 
  of course , without objective measures of subjective experience , how would anyone find those disorders anyway ? 
  ps : `` the decade of the brain '' as the 2000s was called by those that thought that the improvements in brain scanning was going to uncover all the truths of our unconscious world was wildly underwhelming . 
  edit : clarity, 
  exactly and any field that does n't change/adapt to the discoveries of attached fields is doing a disservice to the science . 
  you can look at a cell on many different levels and if you only look at the level you study , you 're missing a lot of the picture . 
  commenting on downvoting new content by posting possibly the most reposted gif of all time ? 
  so meta . 
  patty mills sighting !, 
  showing off your grand canyon ? 
  mom was worried about me reposting , i sent her this link . 
  as someone with a phobia of heights , that makes my stomach churn . 
  could work . 
  because they 're brown ? 
  for those wondering , the answer is actually d. 
  a ) why were your parents embarrassed about a small child doing the sort of thing that a small child does ? 
  b ) how strong a 4 year old were you that it took 30 seconds to stop you ? 
  were they trying to debate with you whether it was a good idea ? 
  that 's why you have to watch for runaway glasses of water on full moons . 
  driving stoned is a fucking stupid and selfish thing to do . 
  and podcasts . 
  there is literally thousands of hours of free comedy from all of the biggest names . 
  or audible.com, 
  let 's assume that your point is valid and it 's the same thing ( it 's not , they 're very different types of tasks ) . 
  let 's assume that you 're still an excellent surfer despite being stoned . 
  if you surf with your cognitive capacity limited ( let 's agree that it clearly limits cognitive capacity ) and make a mistake , you get dumped , no big deal . 
  if you drive on a highway and lose concentration because of limited cognitive capacity , you can kill an entire family . 
  you 're behind the wheel of something that can kill people , treat that with some respect . 
  in the interview , his soon to be new manager eric son certainly did n't think that the name would be an issue . 
  it 's like a modern day who 's on first, 
  [ original paper ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/ana.23636/abstract ), 
  i ca n't imagine any problem with committing yourself to a business named after a soon to end fad . 
  my hey macaroni restaurant is still going strong and gumbo number 5 is better than ever . 
  i 'm pretty sure he posted it here instead because it 's a repost . 
  protip : animaniacs were n't in the first thousand to parody who 's on first . 
  yes, 
  did anyone hear a whooshing noise ? 
  every time i have a popular comment , at least 25 % of responses reference my name and they 're all as unoriginal as the last .
