  if you want to be a psychology researcher , it 's the obvious path . 
  if you want to be a practising clinician , you 're better off doing a doctorate or masters . 
  ca n't tell you about others , sorry . 
  to add to his excellent points ; people are simply incorrect when they say that we live in violent or cruel times . 
  with 24 hour media , it is natural to over-estimate crime because of the [ availability heuristic . 
  ] ( http://www.google.com.au/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=availability%20heuristic&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;ved=0cceqfjaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fen.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2favailability_heuristic&amp;ei=divettpmpkqiiaelnuhcbq&amp;usg=afqjcnhxzg-rf43lzzsoaluqdy5x-cgbyw ) the reality is that your chance of being a victim of violence is lower than it [ has ever been ] ( http://www.amazon.com/better-angels-our-nature-violence/dp/0670022950 ) . 
  a 14 year old filipino boy, 
  the world , as a whole , is about 20 % as violent as it used to be ( according to pinker 's new book ), 
  interestingly , priming has all sorts of effects . 
  for example , one study had participants unjumble words . 
  half of the participants had unrelated words and the other half had words to do with being old . 
  the participants who unjumbled words about being old walked slower down the hallway than the other group . 
  in addition , it 's useful in dealing with severe anxiety ( like panic attacks ) as it can stop you getting sucked into the cycle of anxiety ( emotionl upset -  physical response -  increased anxiety due to recognition of the response -  increased physical response etc. ), 
  by allowing you to focus on internal , controllable and consistent parts of your body . 
  the actual process of ` in through the nose , out through the mouth ' is less important than the focus on breathing it provides . 
  although , i have heard some claim that air coming through your nose is colder ( due to nose hairs ) and therefore easier to focus on but that may be a myth . 
  i have two immediate response to that ;, 
  1 ) if we are n't able to understand or quantify their experience we ca n't comment on it scientifically and, 
  2 ) those first 2 in particular led to exponential growth and therefore i do n't think it 's fair to compare . 
  to explain , our ability to record knowledge , explain concepts , create advanced tools , have complex social structures , create co-dependent cities etc. 
  is only possible because of our thumbs and use of language but we 've come so far in the time we 've had those , comparing us to other mammals seems odd to me . 
  imagine that your consciousness is the ceo of a large company . 
  it 's there to mainly focus on planning for the future and will occasionally get some reports from department heads about how the company is running . 
  however , if every employee was constantly telling the ceo what was happening , he 'd never get any work done . 
  while the work that employee is doing might be important , it 's not really an efficient use of time or resources to have him reporting everything he does to the ceo . 
  in the economy of evolution and brain development , any ability you gain has costs . 
  as it is it takes years until a baby can defend itself at all because the brain takes so long to develop . 
  building in more processes that do n't * need * to be there has the cost of either over-loading other processes or increasing the immense demand our brain development already has . 
  point being , while it would be cool to be able to focus intensely on our pancreas , the adaptive value is relatively small from an evolutionary perspective . 
  yes but we did n't evolve in an environment where people were dying at 80 from pancreatic cancer . 
  we evolved in a situation where run or do n't run was the biggest decision of our day . 
  definitely . 
  the main culprit is in-group bias . 
  studies have shown that even when arbitrarily put into groups ( with participants know it 's arbitrary ) they will start to denigrate members of other groups and prop up members of their own group , using similar sorts of cognitive justification that one uses to maintain positive self-regard ( confirmation bias , fundamental attribution error etc. ), 
  the seminal work on this was done by sherif ( ca n't give you a link because i 'm at work but if you google `` sherif camp '' i 'm sure you 'll find some summaries ) and it involved splitting boys at a camp into different groups . 
  there have been a tonne of experiments since but that was the most important early work into in-group biases without external reasons for bias other than an in-group mentality . 
  that 's the one . 
  i 'm not really sure i 'm understanding your question but are you asking why we remember concepts better once we understand them better ? 
  if so , the answer is that you have to conceptualise thought as working in a network wherein we have semantically linked ` nodes ' . 
  for example , your computer node would be connected to a reddit node and a gaming node and a work node but to different degrees depending on how often they occur at the same time . 
  so , the more you reddit , the more easily you will think about computers when you 're thinking about reddit . 
  this is why we 're far better learners when we understand context . 
  for example , i 'm terrible at chemistry so if you started telling me about some complex chemistry-based discovery , i have almost no neural connections and no context for the knowledge . 
  it wo n't be reinforced ( neurons that fire together , wire together ) when i 'm activating close-by nodes and the information will sit there on an island , not being activated . 
  however , if you started telling me about new research into psychology ( what i study ) i have huge numbers of nodes that will instantly light up and connect the information , making it not only easier to understand but easier to recall . 
  i think this is more of an / askreddit question than an / askscience question as there is n't really a scientific answer to this question . 
  being a cock, 
  less . 
  no-one wants to watch me cry and masturbate 6 hours a day . 
  experiment with your sexuality . 
  this . 
  why should the attorney not get paid for doing work just because her husband did n't show ? 
  i have at times but i did n't really notice much of a difference . 
  glitter . 
  `` it will make it weird at family dinners '', 
  not with that attitude . 
  there 's nothing a lot of lube and foreplay ca n't fix, 
  no way you tell the truth . 
  you say that you do n't know the father and it was a drunken mistake but that it 's the best mistake you ever made . 
  you ca n't convince her but if there is one piece of advice it 's ; do n't try to make a rational argument about an emotional issue . 
  listen to her , listen to her concerns , open up about your fears/concerns and try to have an honest conversation about it . 
  if you tell her what to do or try to convince her , you have 0 chance . 
  on a bus going through a suburb that had a lot of asian people :, 
  `` lots of asians here , that 's why i have to carry my knife '', 
  thank you . 
  i was n't trying to be a dick but i was really confused . 
  you 're not , you 're just a human and therefore see patterns . 
  i 'm sure you fall somewhere near the middle of the bell curve ( since it 's statistically likely ) . 
  a book about some dude complaining about his luck ? 
  sounds riveting . 
  the point is more that there 's a reason people do n't normally paint with cardboard . 
  also , having an extra coat on random parts of the wall , not very convincing . 
  this . 
  he sounds seriously ill and needs help . 
  i get the joke but like , do n't your doctors have computers ? 
  my doctor prints all my prescriptions . 
  additional question : do you get a sleep deficit ? 
  if i go for 3 nights getting only 4 hours of sleep and then have a good night 's sleep , do i need to make up for all the hours missed , a portion of them or as soon as i get a good night it resets ? 
  it 's a mechanism for babies to communicate upset to their caregivers when they do n't have language which has obvious adaptive advantages, 
  thank you kind sir, 
  to understand intuition , you need to think of brain power and thinking time as an economy . 
  if you 're a hominid on the planes of africa and hear a noise the time you spend deciding whether that 's a predator or the wind , could be the difference between you getting away or not . 
  intuition is an unformed , uncalculated feeling that leads you to act or not act . 
  what if you alternated bottles of water with electrolyte replacement drinks ? 
  if you 're concerned , please speak to a psychologist or grief counsellor about it , not strangers on the internet . 
  the grieving process is important and many people go through it in different ways . 
  what works for one person wo n't necessary help another . 
  i 'm really sorry for your loss . 
  sorry , affinity for binding to the receptors . 
  because i ca n't do be a psychologist without it . 
  well , without getting arrested for it anyway . 
  ^ what he said . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  the reason this piqued my interest in particular is that i used to suffer from depression and also drank a lot of diet coke everyday . 
  i do n't think it was the only cause or anything like that but the idea that it could have exacerbated it is fascinating . 
  gravity makes them spherical, 
  i think ( s ) he may be right , i 'm not 100 % sure sorry . 
  i 'm still new to learning neuroscience ( hence me having lots of questions ) . 
  it 's russell 's teapot . 
  holy war over it ?
