  real cautionary tale there . 
  yeah . 
  redtaboo is definitely the cancer . 
  it 's definitely not assholes like you who spend all day complaining about other people and fighting some fake war over being told to be slightly less of an asshole . 
  you and that whole src crowd are fucking pathetic . 
  how about a tiny bit of insight ? 
  maybe , just maybe , instead of complaining about the people who do n't like your racism/sexism/general bigotry you could actually just be less of a giant cunt . 
  [ relevant onion article ] ( http://www.theonion.com/article/no-way-to-prevent-this-says-only-nation-where-this-36131 ), 
  [ relevant onion article ] ( http://www.theonion.com/article/no-way-to-prevent-this-says-only-nation-where-this-36131 ), 
  `` but it 's about mental health , not guns '', 
  i used to work on a crisis helpline . 
  when someone is suicidal , once you have helped them take care of their emotions in that moment , the first thing you get them to do is disable their plan . 
  flush the pills ( or lock them away if they need them ) , put the gun in the shed , hell even put that rope in the car instead of inside the house . 
  whatever you need to do . 
  do you know * why * we do that ? 
  because people make emotional decisions . 
  people who are mentally ill or people who are scared and hurt make bad decisions . 
  yes , if someone really wants a gun badly enough they can get one . 
  the point is to have barriers in place to them touching that gun . 
  every single second between someone deciding to make an emotional decision and them being able to carry it out is a second where their emotions can lessen and they can change their minds . 
  if someone really wants to die they can get the rope out of their car pretty easily but that 30 seconds of going to get it can make all the difference . 
  sincerely , how long do you think someone with no criminal connections would take to get a gun ? 
  angry guy , desperate to hurt people , wants to buy a gun . 
  how long ? 
  are you sure that nothing that happens between him and getting that gun is going to make a difference ? 
  obviously it wo n't stop all gun crimes but if it stops some is n't that worth something ? 
  let 's assume the number is more than 0 and less than all of them . 
  ask yourself honestly , how many lives being lost makes it no longer worth your right to own a gun ? 
  if it stops 1,000 deaths would you give up your gun ? 
  try to put a number on it . 
  because cynicism is more helpful ? 
  she never claimed to be . 
  she 's using her status to promote positive change , what a monster !, 
  is she not allowed to have political opinions anymore ? 
  it was n't removed by admins , the post was deleted for breaking the rules . 
  it 's not censorship , it 's just a bad title . 
  drop your pitchforks . 
  in my almost 4 years modding defaults i ca n't ever remember seeing an admin remove a post . 
  you 're welcome to make a new post asking for alternative websites to reddit ( there have been thousands before ) . 
  you could also ask about people 's experiences of the front page and if they think there has been a change . 
  both would be fine , op 's was n't . 
  mod here - the post was deleted for breaking the rules . 
  it 's not censorship , it 's just a bad title . 
  drop your pitchforks . 
  you 're welcome to make a new post asking for alternative websites to reddit ( there have been thousands before ) . 
  you could also ask about people 's experiences of the front page and if they think there has been a change . 
  both would be fine , op 's was n't . 
  well , you 're welcome to believe whatever you want . 
  rest assured that if admins were removing posts ( for reasons other than obvious things like urgent doxxing concerns ) i would n't still be a mod . 
  because that post happened in a time where no mods spotted it . 
  we 're volunteers and do n't work to a roster . 
  sometimes things slip through . 
  kk has barely mad a mod action since becoming an admin . 
  like , one every few months and nothing ever questionable . 
  kk is immensely respectful of us as mods and even put up with us having the timer ( which put her in a super awkward position ) . 
  sure . 
  the first part of the question is baiting/loaded . 
  the question itself is `` what are some reddit alternatives ? '', 
  which is a not particularly uncommon post . 
  this post is a fantastic example of why we do n't allow stuff like that anymore . 
  most of the top level replies were about the claim that the front page has been ruined . 
  our rules are designed around the idea that the question should stand on its own merit . 
  that why we no longer allow things like `` i just saved a baby from drowning . 
  what was the best thing you ever did on a walk ? '', 
  i never said it 's not true . 
  it 's baiting and loaded and not needed for the question itself . 
  we remove posts like this constantly . 
  it 's just normally much faster . 
   i mod a 150k sub with about 7 mods and we see every post within 5 minutes . 
  not possible with the amount of traffic we get . 
  also , that particular time of night is a real dead zone . 
  the aussies are normally eating dinner/watching tv etc. , americans are n't up . 
  why would i lie about not seeing it ? 
  what would my motivation be ? 
  all good man . 
  happy to answer questions , that 's why i 'm here . 
  i just find it funny that all the top comments are getting angry at the website because they ca n't see my hidden comment at the bottom explaining exactly what happened . 
  ironically , the ones downvoting me are the ones trying to hide something now . 
  yeah i understand that . 
  the reason we do n't do that is then the next person points to that post and says that theirs should be allowed because they saw others . 
  also , a lot of people do n't read the rules so if the top posts are bad examples it creates more bad posts . 
   it 's a popular opinion being expressed . 
  it does n't matter if it 's popular or not . 
  the popularity is in fact the issue at hand . 
  the post was being upvoted partly because of the statement and , as you can see , most of the answers ended up being about that . 
  correct . 
   that 's called freedom of speech in action is n't it ? 
  i do n't think you know what freedom of speech is . 
  freedom of speech protects you from the government , it does n't relate to private websites at all . 
  we are literally allowed to make any rules we want and ban you for any reason we want as long as it does n't circumvent the sitewide rules . 
  you asked like 14 other questions . 
  pick your 3 favourites . 
  i did not get the reference . 
   you 're one of the people claiming the front page has n't changed then i presume ? 
  of the top 12 posts in all right now , none are older than 5 hours . 
  it 's probably to do with the time you 're logging on . 
  around 8et is when the old posts start to get overtaken by fresh ones because activity is n't exactly the same all hours of the day . 
   why not ignore them instead of deleting the post ? 
  because my role as mod as to moderate evenly , not based on individual cases . 
  again , we changed the rules against baiting tactics because baiting works .
