  when i propose to my so she will know that it 's because i 'm certain i want to spend the rest of my life with her . 
  it 's about shouting it from the rooftops . 
  one where no-one will give me up or let me down . 
  i certainly would n't want someone to run around and desert me . 
  otherwise , any music video would do . 
  you should both get tested for stds and then retested in 3 months as some take up to 3 months to appear on a test . 
  best of luck, 
  as someone who went through long term therapy for mdd i really recommend seeing a therapist instead of a psychiatrist at this point because it will allow you to work through the root causes of the issue . 
  i 'm living a thoroughly happy life now and have my psychologist to thank for it . 
  could be interpreted either way : either she wants to use a rubber because she 's careful and is probably clean or it 's because she has an std and is trying not to give it to you . 
  given that you 're dating and still in contact it makes me strongly think it would be the former . 
  of course , i got the clap from a girl who did n't know she had it so it 's definitely not a guarantee . 
  this is really important , especially because most psych meds have withdrawal symptoms . 
  has he talked to you about them ? 
  i think you 'll find that most atheists wo n't say that it is impossible that * any * god exists but that they think it 's incredibly unlikely that the god of the bible exists given that the bible is so scientifically and historically inaccurate and it seems odd that he would care so much about my penis . 
  great point . 
  my therapist used psychodynamic therapy and it was perfect for my type of personality . 
  for others that need a more practical , short-term solution cbt is much more applicable . 
  beyond the type of therapy it 's just important that it 's someone you trust and feel comfortable with more than anything else . 
  depends how you define rational really . 
  we have an inclination to be against things that ` feel ' unnatural and you may feel uncomfortable with the idea of something being able to control your brain . 
  the reality is that all mood stabilisers do is release more of certain chemicals or stop certain ones leaving your system . 
  it 's understandable to have a natural hesitancy and psych meds are quite imperfect but overall they 're still valuable . 
  it varies from guy to guy . 
  it 's most likely that they find you sexy because you 're not intimidating though . 
  that they should get a job, 
  your brother being a dick does n't make marijuana any different, 
  dicks who normally control their dickishness act like dicks when they 're drunk . 
  that girl in high school who was a slut when she drank was really just a slut who did n't want to think of herself as a slut . 
  your brother is a dick . 
  malcolm gladwell - outliers, 
  richard dawkins - the god delusion, 
  hahaha he probably would , mainly because i 'm * not * a dick and he 's been in way more fights than i have . 
  luckily for me i do n't care and have two working arms . 
  shame about your brother though ... maybe if he was less of a dick . 
   my older brother , has just stumbled in a drunken stupor . 
  he has yet again been in a drunken fight , but this time fallen over whilst fighting and broken his forearm . 
  `` yet again '', 
  your brother is a dick . 
  you said `` yet again '' . 
  irrespective of what your brother said happened , he has been in many fights when drunk . 
  given that was your whole premise for why alcohol should be banned the edit changes nothing . 
  your brother is a dick . 
  if being takei is wrong , i do n't want to be right . 
  wo n't somebody think of the mormons ? 
  this is ludicrous . 
  next women are going to want to vote . 
  it 's ironic in the same way that rain on your wedding day is . 
  if being a republican is right , we 're fucked . 
  shit , how do i get on this karma train ? 
  ummm ... fabulous !, 
  rainbows !, 
  republicans suck !, 
  that was the point of the joke , pointing out how silly it is . 
  as for 1 , have a look at the name of the journal and the university the posters are from . 
  it 's certainly not true that any article in the journal ` nature ' written by a harvard researcher is true but it 's far more likely than if there are no credentials involved . 
  other than that , you can still get abstracts off google scholar . 
  if it 's a terrible paper , other people will have also written papers on it . 
  i do n't go on reddit to research non-profit organisations , i go to be entertained and sometimes read science articles . 
  i 'm sure there 's a subreddit that would care but you ca n't expect everyone to care about what you care about . 
  also , have you considered that the vast majority of reddit is n't from your country ? 
  is it a worldwide charity ? 
  is it relevant to me in australia ? 
  is it in any way amazingly distinct from the hundreds of thousands of charities around the world that help people besides your own , personal interest in it ? 
  really ? 
  they drive me bananas . 
  so you responded to someone trying to help you by beating them up ? 
  nice one !, 
  masturbate, 
  you 're both dicks . 
  be less immature , problem solved . 
   my usual response is to open 20-30 tabs of facebook or nyan cat . 
  well , you 've certainly tried all reasonable tactics, 
  a penis, 
   just like / r/atheism was never about atheism, 
  i do n't go on r/atheism very often but i do find the bashing of it quite funny . 
  i 'm very curious to know what you think talking about atheism would entail that is n't being fulfilled on the subreddit . 
  it 's designed to be for people who define themselves as not believing in god . 
  shock horror , those people are making posts about not believing in god and that it 's kind of funny that people do believe in it . 
  also , you might want to consider that a huge proportion of r/atheism members seem to be from america where separation of church and state is a constant issue . 
  i totally agree . 
  here 's a mock discussion for you :, 
  person a : i do n't believe in god, 
  person b : i also do n't believe in god . 
  well now that that 's done we might as well talk about related issues . 
  does n't complaining loudly and making sarcastic jokes cause change ? 
  if not i 've made a terrible , terrible mistake . 
  do you drink hard liquor at all ? 
  make her not your friend anymore . 
  problem solved . 
  * grandma naked *, 
  * grandma naked *, 
  * grandma naked *, 
  * grandma naked *, 
  shit, 
  speak for yourself, 
  speak for yourself . 
  i was being distracted by cat pictures, 
  i do n't really understand how you took that from what i said but i 'll assume what you mean is that discussing things with like-minded people who will probably agree with you is in some way a bad thing . 
  again , i 'm just going to reiterate that the point of a subreddit on a topic is to discuss that topic .
