  but does n't kind of knowing the what the word myriad means make me smart ? 
  if by heart you mean testicles . 
  then yes . 
  that 's not a rule it just means you 're hanging out with guys who are dicks and do n't know how to treat women . 
  chewing on a chilli to impress my uncle . 
  did n't work when i drank half a bottle on milk . 
  yes . 
  general rule : if you would n't tell your so about it , you probably should n't be doing it . 
  your mum . 
  always . 
  i 'll answer anyone who calls me . 
  please call me . 
  biped, 
  wilson ? 
  atheist : insufficient evidence to believe any god claims and there 's good evidence to believe none of them do exist ( omniscient/omnipresent/omnipotent god 's text would n't be incompatible with science/history therefore , it 's either all false or the god is different to how he 's described ) . 
  grew up jewish and became an atheist at about 16, 
  because your mother kept cheating on me . 
  not every woman wants to sleep with me all the time . 
  some guys just want attention and get off on the idea of someone wanting them . 
  mine is awesome . 
  one night in paris, 
  hold control and scroll your mouse . 
  hide her posts ? 
  you realise that his post was a caricature but you 're just a cock right ? 
  same thing that happened to all the rapture people earlier this year . 
  some will say they were wrong , some will say it will still happen and some will rationalise it . 
  malcolm gladwell - outliers, 
  leonard mlodinow - the drunkard 's walk, 
  sam harris - the moral landscape, 
  add the http : / /, 
  when i found that hooker 's body in my trunk, 
  the matrix with calculon playing neo, 
  my mum was a single mother and never had a huge amount of money but she would always help me and my sister pay for stuff if we were working . 
  i never went without basics but she would be far more inclined to go halves on a computer game with me if i earned the money myself than buy me things outright , even if they were much cheaper . 
  if you 're fatally allergic please do n't risk it . 
  hire someone . 
  it 's true that recent studies show that kids are more influenced by their social peers than their parents but that does n't mean you ca n't teach them anything . 
  if you teach them to work for what they want they 'll either adjust their aims or work hard for it . 
  either way , it works . 
  an 8 day old baby is too young to understand how wrong it is that their genitals are being mutilated . 
  they 'd have to be pretty dumb to want to have sex with you . 
  i think in some cases it * can * be selfish to not abort if the child will suffer . 
  yeh , like i 'm going to answer * this * question . 
  if it 's maladaptive you need to seek professional help in the mean time , try [ this ] ( http://marc.ucla.edu/ ), 
  that 's not disappointment smeared all over your face . 
  oh god the second half of hancock was god awful . 
  so much potential , so much failure . 
  squirted me with water . 
  if you want to name your child derp you have far bigger problems than working out how to tell them about reddit . 
  soap . 
  do it and post pictures for science, 
  in australia the biggest brand of cheese is named ` coon ', 
  who cares ? 
  there 's no violence or nudity, 
  trusting my so . 
  no amount of jealousy has ever stopped someone from cheating but it has caused it several times . 
  mass exodus from new york and california to europe and australia, 
  your brain is still functioning . 
  you would throw up a lot and end up in the hospital, 
  like a fox, 
  or a legen ... 
  wait for it ... 
  dary one . 
  there 's a small chance but probably not . 
  115kg is n't * that * big, 
  go back to the doctor and get a stronger/longer course . 
  the fact that it was going away tells you that it was working . 
  reddit 's servers work so well as it is . 
  found [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw4ssokf1pk ) from a documentary on women . 
  '' ... so i said , get off my grandma i 'm done . '', 
  robin williams, 
  r/askscience may be able to help you if no-one here can, 
  louis armstrong - what a wonderful world, 
  the panties you buy from a japanese vending machine, 
  do not drive around friends that are going to make it harder for you to drive . 
  wow that actually makes the the entire thing better . 
  seriously , i assumed that legend referred to him being a superhero or some shit but now it actually makes sense and is a very cool idea . 
  this works especially well if they are of the opposite sex . 
  glitter, 
  my dad not being able to find a condom, 
  one guaranteed way is digital-anal stimulation . 
  not lying . 
  boring askreddit questions, 
  the same reason you never see the newspaper headline : `` psychic wins lottery '', 
  part of it is genetics and part of it is an interplay between genetics ( and everything that comes from that ; brain structure , hormone levels etc ) and the environment . 
  also , by which measure are you saying some are greater or lesser ? 
  it 's just not as simple as `` it 's all nature '' or `` it 's all nurture '' was my point . 
  there 's a ** very ** complex interplay, 
  that redsunglasses guy would know that i really , really dislike him . 
  same here . 
  i 've been told vitamin e cream can help but i 'm skeptical . 
  why do you assume that all of the people that use reddit are the same person ? 
  i could be a right-wing , bible-bashing , anti-gay , anti-abortion , libertarian , stoner , skeptic who really , really likes justin bieber . 
  the moral of the story is that you were a dick to impress your friends and then bragged about it on the internet . 
  bravo, 
  i plan to do all three and have already cleared it with my so . 
  i get `` the earlier you come to bed the more likely you are to get laid '' but it 's not really a threat as much as a helpful hint . 
  definitely not, 
  it 's called a frat, 
  will you leave your friends behind ?
