  let 's go for -1000, 
  first they have to overthrow the reigning [ champion ] ( http://images.wikia.com/villains/images/f/f8/carmen-sandiego.jpg ), 
  holocaust jokes are n't funny , anne frankly i 've had enough of it . 
  * ca n't tell if girl or partially obscured bieber *, 
  i think she 's looking off into the distance , trying to find her dignity . 
  perception is * your * experience of your subjective reality . 
  perception is * not * the objective reality . 
  y u no use face properly ? 
  the magic of science, 
  as someone addicted to psychology books , i 'd be more than happy to make up a list . 
  maybe a podcast list too ? 
  that 's a great idea . 
  there are loads of great psychology ted videos . 
  and let 's have it controlled and well sorted . 
  there are tonnes or criminology books that are full of bullshit and the same is true for psychology . 
  not with criminology itself , i 'm under the impression that large areas that are published about ( like profiling ) are pretty bunk . 
  nice try , lonely 13 year old guy masturbating with his bedroom door locked . 
  we met in line at a vd clinic . 
  i knew she 'd put out . 
  the most romantic way possible . 
  online dating . 
  ability to make $ 40 billion with no-one asking where it came from . 
  he calls is plan c because plan b clearly did n't work, 
  i wish i could eat whatever food i wanted without having to worry about health ramifications, 
  too many . 
  you just crashed your country 's economy . 
  hand the job over to someone who could understand the complexities of running a country . 
  i have lots of opinions but absolutely no idea if they 're right or would be good for a country . 
  `` why are you listening to me ? '', 
  that was unnecessarily snarky, 
  so is attacking people anonymously over the internet . 
  i guess they 're even then . 
  this is n't appropriate . 
  it 's 5:43 pm here . 
  i 'm from the future ama, 
  bad parents . 
  non-divine and all, 
  might get a good answer on r/asksocialscience, 
  i made mine get ` property of notjesus ' on her forehead to make sure she could n't stray, 
  facebook is too big to fail, 
  just try to relax . 
  it 's happening because of anxiety so you just need to talk to her about it ( when you 're not about to have sex ) . 
  explain that you get nervous and she will probably be udnerstanding and it will reduce a part of the anxiety . 
  be well prepared ( have it nearby and open ) , make sure you 've got the right size - if it 's too small it will be difficult to put on , practice by yourself and most of all do n't freak out if it happens . 
  laugh about it with her and keep having foreplay . 
  you 're not in a rush !, 
  ( psych student here ) clinically diagnosed depression is more complicated that someone being upset and is n't a function of how ` good ' their life is . 
  often , a depressed person does n't know what change they need , are incapable of making that change or might not even need one ( some depressed people are wildly successful but are depressed for interpersonal or historical reasons ) . 
  first port of call should be a psychologist , not medication . 
  as for things you can do yourself - exercise does genuinely help , mindfulness meditation can greatly reduce anxiety and make sure you 're keeping up positive social contact . 
  if you have any more questions about it , feel free to ask . 
  edit : i accidentally a letter, 
  it 's generally accepted that it 's a combination of many factors that lead to and perpetuate depression . 
  i ca n't think of the name of the model off the top of my head but the basic idea is that several factors ( biological predisposition , anxiety response , behavioural modelling etc. ), 
  feed into each other and create behavioural and emotional patterns that lead to a depressed state . 
  i had the same problem . 
  girl was on the pill . 
  shame that did n't stop the chlamydia . 
  no problems at all , this is what i 'm passionate about . 
  let me know ( pm or on here ) if you need any more support . 
  i do n't think it 's really a logical goal because those funds could do much more good in other research areas . 
  i do think we 'd be ** much ** better off in 20 years though . 
  okay well the best way to explain it would be with a phobia . 
  let 's say you 're someone who naturally gets very aroused ( body reaction to external stimuli ) at scary things . 
  then , one day when you 're 6 you fall off the play equipment and break your arm . 
  next time you climb up on the play equipment you 're going to be pretty scared , especially because you 're genetically inclined to react strongly . 
  so , you get half way up the equipment , get very anxious , decide it 's too scary and get down . 
  what you 've done is negatively reinforce ( taking away a negative stimulus ) the fear and made it stronger . 
  you now know ( perhaps only unconsciously ) that running from the fear takes away the unpleasant feeling ( anxiety ) away . 
  now you 're 7 and you 've been avoiding high equipment and need to walk over a tall bridge . 
  looking down makes you remember that fear and the cycle repeats . 
  in fact , you now completely avoid going near bridges at all becaue thinking about them makes you start to feel a little bit scared and all of a sudden it 's a complete phobia . 
  so what happened is , you had a predisposition ( genetics ) which would n't have caused a phobia by itself . 
  when it was combined with experience ( falling ) and behavioural ( aviodance ) factors it became pathological . 
  there could 've been other factors too . 
  what if your mum was also scared of heights and you saw her avoid them ( modelling ) ? 
  it 's more complicated with depression but do you see how any one of those factors would n't have caused the phobia by itself ? 
  it took a confluence of factors to create a pathology . 
  while there may be benefits from the r&d , i 'm sure it could be more efficiently used to benefit in society if it went into other research areas . 
  in response to the notion that there is no greater meaning in life :, 
  `` if nothing we do matters then all that matters is what we do '', 
  you should spend a chunk of that team learning mindfulness meditation . 
  it 's had awesome clinical results recently . 
  in a similar vein to yours :, 
  `` i do not fear death . 
  i had been dead for billions and billions of years before i was born and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it . '', 
  - mark twain, 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i 'm in the same situation but i 'm normally doing my uni work or listening to non-fiction audiobooks/podcasts . 
  that sounds like a pretty sad existence to me . 
  the beauty of life is n't in freedom from failure , it 's in the striving . 
  if your life does n't include any fear , you 're doing something wrong . 
  please do n't get mental health advice from people on the internet , it 's not a smart idea as anyone who knows enough about it to be of use , would n't be stupid enough to try and diagnose you over the internet . 
  i highly recommend you see a psychologist . 
  it will never be as good as using tap water because there are far too many processes involved in getting the water packaged and to you . 
  also , consider that recycling adds several processes that add environmental damage ( truck to pick it up , machine to process etc ) . 
  not saying you should n't have bottled water but the answer is that recycling it does n't do a lot to mitigate the damage . 
  are you on lithium ? 
  the general rule of thumb with diagnosing mental illness using the dsm ( diagnostics and statistics manual - the bible for mental health workers ) is that it must impair normal functioning or be sufficiently distressing . 
  everyone is sad sometimes , it does n't make them depressed .
