  because they 're very addictive and the activation of the nicotinic receptors release so much dopamine that other activities are more enjoyable when smoking ( unfortunately you do n't have unlimited dopamine so you then have a lower baseline of enjoyment ) . 
  they 're both quite different answers to cigarettes . 
  it makes me feel like a big man . 
  i ca n't help you identify them but at least put the camera upright in case they come back . 
  you 're in shock and do n't know how to process it . 
  you did n't instantly become emotionless . 
  it sounds like you guys are doing the right thing but that does n't make it the easiest thing . 
  just try your best to love and support her . 
  that means listening to her and trying to be open about how you feel ( even if it 's `` i do n't know how to process this right now '' ) . 
  do n't try to fix this , you ca n't . 
  just be there for her . 
  it 's alright , you 're going to get through this . 
  just take some nice deep breaths and relax . 
  first thing is , let her know you do n't expect her to act or feel a certain way . 
  you 're not asking her to put on a show , you just want to support her and do n't know the best way to do that right now ( remember , supporting and fixing are very different things ) . 
  do n't ignore her but also do n't push her to talk . 
  you 've got to find a very tricky balance and there 's no right answer . 
  just remember that this will all be a memory soon and it 's perfectly normal to feel upset and anxious right now . 
  you 're going to be okay . 
  if you notice yourself `` standing outside of your body '' again , i want you to do something for me . 
  just try to take some really nice deep , slow breaths . 
  as each breath comes in , try to feel the sensations that provides . 
  do you feel your shoulders going up and down ? 
  the coolness in your nostrils ? 
  maybe you feel your stomach moving . 
  just follow those sensations and keep breathing . 
  you 'll be okay , just breath as long as you need to until you feel like ` you ' again . 
  that was the first episode i listened to and fell in love with it when they were talking to gladwell . 
  but ... but ... why would n't you link to [ this movie . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltexn413xwy ), 
  i kept waiting for that movie to get good . 
  the potential in the build up was there , it could have been brilliant . 
  then it went full retard . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://youtu.be/-1gadtfgfvu ), 
  unless he went up there , was murdered by the homeless man . 
  then the homeless man who was now safe to explore the house saw reddit left logged on and worked out what happened . 
  he posted an update to throw people off the trail . 
  he 's probably in / r/aww as we speak . 
  fluid and bed rest . 
  i ca n't believe he kept it for 20 years . 
  those boots were so out of style by then, 
  why does your mother have naked pictures of yo . . 
  actually never mind . 
  i prefer not knowing . 
  `` yeah , we got the mona lisa in just a few weeks ago . 
  it 's marked at 50 but you can have it for 40 if you pay cash . '', 
  while i feel sympathy for your situation and country 's poor healthcare , the reason it 's heavily inadvisable to ask for medical help on here is that anyone trained well enough in medicine to be able to help you , would know that it 's incredibly stupid to try and diagnose you over the internet based on your description of the symptoms . 
  the only people that will comment are going to be people that are n't qualified to tell you but think they are . 
  maybe it 's lupus ? 
  you did n't work that out before getting married ? 
  / r/douchebagproblems, 
  that try as we might our perceptions of reality will always deceive us in one way or another . 
  with practice , hard work and training you can become much better at understanding your inner world but you can only ever go so far . 
   it does n't matter how it 's spelled , as long as they get the message . 
  sites like reddit say that you 're missing caps and commas . 
  fyi , i 'm typing with an on-screen keyboard and a mouse , so it 's necessary to take shortcuts . 
   what do you think ? 
  i fixed your grammar but i ca n't fix your stupid , sorry . 
  have n't had one but a fuckload of pain . 
  that depends on whether trolls are the only sub-group that correct grammar . 
  if not , ` e.g. , ' is correct . 
  which part do you think is incorrect ? 
  no , no it 's still funny the 4323rd time someone replies to one of my posts with `` are you sure you 're not jesus ? '', 
  i assume you mean winston churchill mode, 
  because that would be a horrible , horrible idea . 
  this is n't your blog , it 's a public forum . 
  it does n't belong to you , that 's the point . 
  you can delete what * you 've * said . 
  i get asked why i 'm tagged as things quite often , never that . 
  sorry , i 've got no clue pal . 
  just be yourself dingus . 
  if you 're truly that well matched , she 'll like you . 
  if you 're not well matched , why would you want to woo her anyway ? 
  what actually happened ? 
  did you help them or did you disappear ? 
  ca n't really tell you what to do next without knowing that . 
  just a heads up , freddie mercury was gay too . 
  a part of your brain called the [ default mode network ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/default_network ) becomes * active . 
  research is still fairly fresh in this area but there are some interesting results about differences in peoples dmns and the correlation with pathology like depression . 
  it has also been linked to creativity which may be partly why some people say they have their best ideas as they 're drifting off to sleep . 
  and i 'm sure that this random guy 's assessment of their parenting style is unbiased and based on very solid information . 
  [ citation required ], 
  thank you kindly, 
  you can still sue them for damages , it just comes out of their pocket , not their insurance company 's . 
  because they 're telling you that they were n't able to do it without being forced into it . 
  the studies show that the vast majority of people fail and dieting and the majority of those that succeed , put the weight back on . 
  it 's an incredibly difficult thing to do ( when you 're significantly overweight ) and there are all sorts of reasons that most people fail . 
  it 's funny because spousal abuse is the only answer to a music genre that is n't designed for you . 
  great joke !, 
  get yer pitchforks out, 
  this . 
  it sounds like you 've got a lot of concerns to figure out and you 'll get much more value and sound advice from a psych ** ologist ** than you will from any of us . 
  there 's no shame in seeing one and there can be incredible benefit . 
  as long as they 're not followed by `` be my baby daddy '', 
  keep a hidden one that you use on yourself and add hot sauce to that one , hoping he uses it again . 
  i think it 's always good to give a warning `` oh god i 'm cumming '' . 
  if nothing else , she may be about to give her mouth a break or getting frustrated and the encouragement is helpful . 
  oh shit dude , sounds like you 've got cinnamon poisoning . 
  drink 2 spoons of cooking oil to nullify the effects . 
  hurry,
