  you keep thinking it 's going to stop getting better , but it just keeps going . 
  thanks hrafnpdx . 
  i wo n't lie , i 'm kind of hurt i did n't make that list . 
  i * was * # 7 in comment karma before getting my new job a couple of months ago . 
  to be fair , 216k of my 264k karma came from askreddit . 
  i guess if you do n't read comments on askreddit too much you would n't know me . 
  do n't know if any of * my * ancestors are directly involved but a lot of people in australia were - [ stolen generation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stolen_generations ), 
  hmm let 's see how good you are . 
  if you have reddit gold it tells you . 
  i 've had it given twice but i figured that with the amount i use reddit i should probably give something back . 
  thanks !, 
  it was more changing jobs . 
  i had a great reddit job before . 
  thanks . 
  had a new job , lots of training etc. 
  [ there was some recent research ] ( http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/04/120406234458.htm ) into homophobic people who are also homosexuals . 
  basically , it found that homosexuals were far more likely to copy their parents ' homophobia if they received little unconditional love as a child . 
  basically , if the kid was taught that they would be loved no matter what they did or who they were , the kids were likely to accept their own homosexuality . 
  if the child received conditional love ( only when the child got grades or fulfilled certain standards set out by the parents ) they were far more likely to not only be in the closet but be outwardly homophobic . 
  or a yellow pantsed coward . 
  i got the jew thing a lot in year 7 , almost leading to several fights . 
  luckily my sister had gone to the same school a few years earlier and a year 12 kid she was friends with made a point to walk up to me randomly while talking to other kids and ask me if `` anyone was giving me any trouble '' . 
  it worked . 
  not sure if you know but sarah silverman has written a fair bit about it . 
  her [ book ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-bedwetter-stories-courage-redemption/dp/0061856436 ) is awesome . 
  note : the book is n't only about bedwetting . 
  but if i do n't , how will all of my high school acquaintances know that i 'm having so much fun that i decided to tell everyone on facebook . 
  case in point , the euro, 
  any sort of alternative medicine practitioner/suppliers . 
  just typing that made me happy . 
  standard drink scale . 
  any girl that i would sleep with without the aid of alcohol is a 0 . 
  any other girl , their score is how many drinks it would take for me to sleep with them . 
  after a certain point , it requires me passing out and them taking advantage of me . 
  a mod decides to do it . 
  we do n't do flair on askreddit except for extreme circumstances . 
  so no , do n't ask, 
  you wanted to teach your daughter about being nice by being aggressive and violent ? 
  well planned !, 
  white guys trying to dance . 
  oh well , if you need it . 
  still no . 
  thanks for the backup !, 
  called you a cunt . 
  you cunt . 
  who 's `` they '' in this scenario ? 
  hospitals ? 
  do you think there should be a cost-benefit analysis before saving any life ? 
  oh well , what can you do . 
  talk to a doctor or psychologist . 
  haha, 
  i bite my tongue when people talk about psychics/horoscopes/alt med/other forms of quackery in front of me . 
  if they ask me or engage me about it , i always forewarn them that i have strong opinions on the topic and will only tell them what i think if they 're okay with that . 
  cops, 
  you need to have a conversation with her about it . 
  do n't be judgemental . 
  just tell her that 's something to do by yourself , in private and not around other people . 
  she simply does n't understand what she is doing and it will be far worse if you do n't say something and she does it at school or around other adults . 
  it 's not at all abnormal to touch your body and i 'm sure it feels nice to her , that 's why she 's doing it . 
  just have a very gentle and loving conversation where you explain that it 's private but nothing to be ashamed of . 
  eat badly and do n't exercise enough . 
  some girls are funny about it . 
  it 's fine if she is , she just needs to deal with that like a grown up . 
  remember that it is n't taboo for her . 
  it wo n't be awkward unless you make it awkward . 
  australia : where you call your mate a cunt and a cunt your mate . 
  i just like that you called it pure onions . 
  when i was younger , i used to use vegemite as a pasta sauce . 
  that 's right , just pasta , vegemite and a little butter to help mix it through . 
  roast garlic is n't weird . 
  if you make a roast and you do n't have some whole garlic cloves in there , you 're a fucking idiot . 
  mmm you should try confit garlic . 
  i study psychology which is why i think he needs to see someone . 
  he 's a jerk . 
  that has nothing to do with porn . 
  he has no regard for you and takes advantage of you being `` submissive '' . 
  that makes him a jerk . 
  i would have thought that the biggest potential area of difference is n't the definition of `` waking up in a panic '' but which stage of sleep they awake from . 
  i would assume that someone with an alarm clock is more likely that one without to wake during rem or deeper stage sleep . 
  could * that * difference be meaningful ? 
  i think you 're confused . 
  i was literally born as a monkey and have changed into a human during my lifetime . 
  that 's why you do n't remember your childhood . 
  it was the monkey stage . 
  do n't you ever go to the zoo to watch the monkeys turn into humans ? 
  hail is him having a dump ? 
  i heard it as, 
   what 's does anal sex and spinach have in common ? 
   if you * were forced to have * it as a kid , you 'll hate it as an adult . 
  that 's really inappropriate . 
  my grandmother died just recently . 
  i can still remember her last words to me `` notjesus , what are you doing with that pillow ? '', 
  that 's also how she lost her virginity . 
  save your money and go buy one instead . 
  this :, 
  just doin ma job, 
  * tips hat *, 
  a lot of people in this thread are confusing `` joke '' for `` inappropriate thing to say '', 
  as someone who has spent a lot of time in the new queue and had a lot of comments and links reach the front page i feel fairly qualified to answer this . 
  one big thing you need to realise is that there 's a * huge * amount of ** luck ** involved .
