  of course you 're careful and of course you get a second or third opinion if necessary . 
  as long as it 's consensual and both parties are mentally capable of making that decision of course they can . 
  many people have sex that involves s & m, 
  mountain dew . 
  how unexpected, 
  also , you probably would n't want to start in a sprint in such cold weather . 
  make sure you adequately warm up your body before anything intense . 
   who is to say that they are n't mentally ill ? 
  we have professionals who make those decisions every day and they have huge consequences . 
   who is to say that if they survive the agony they are in they would n't regret wanting to die ? 
  i 'm only talking about terminal cases where there is no indication that they will recover, 
   there is not another situation where you can say that someone is in their right mind who wants to die . 
  correct and i 'm only talking about severally debilitated and in pain terminally ill patients, 
  `` mom i really like this girl but i do n't know how to tell her . '', 
  `` give her flowers , all girls like flowers . '', 
  `` thanks mom , you 're the best . '', 
  * inappropriately long hug *, 
  #### it 's funny because all guys want to bone all girls all the time and no guy ever does something nice for a female friend unless he 's trying to fuck her amirite guys ? 
  i 'm right guys, 
  i probably could 've sold the article better in the title of the post . 
  personally , i 'll read anything by pinker ( even though i do disagree with some of his conclusions about the nature-nurture debate ) . 
  iqs are steadily rising over time ( it 's called the flynn effect ) . 
  i know it 's not * proof * but we 're certainly at least outweighing the negatives with positives at the moment . 
  he * is * sponsored, 
  my apologies . 
  i saw it for the first time today . 
  he means go to his house from the lan cafe he 's at . 
  there are far more crappy self-help books than good ones but a few do exist . 
  generally speaking , you 're better off looking for one by a researcher than a therapist from my experience ( both is best though ) . 
  i think there are 3 categories of article and you see a decent proportion of each : 1 ) based on old stories that are n't really true . 
  2 ) based on a single study and written with a limited understanding of the bigger picture or other research or 3 ) good articles . 
  i think the trend is definitely moving towards more 2/3 . 
  i do n't think we can ` blame ' freud for that . 
  firstly , introspection is * important * and it actually * works * ( from a therapeutic perspective , psychodynamic therapy is just as effective as cbt for depression ) . 
  however , some self-help books do teach bad practices within that . 
  there 's a very hard line to find between introspection and rumination when distressed and suggested too much introspection can be harmful . 
  also , i think it was inevitable as that sort of introspective self-help is ready hard to falsify on a personal basis and feels like you 're getting somewhere . 
  my experience of public opinion is a little different so i ca n't comment on your experience ( i live in australia ) but i think it 's really , really important psychology and mental health is more and more in the news . 
  this youngest generation will know about , and have more access to mental health care , that any previous generation and that 's a wonderful thing . 
  `` what 's the holocaust ? '', 
  - 21 year old girl, 
  how old was this person ? 
  well . 
  they * were * right . 
  apologies . 
  did n't see it . 
  be interesting, 
  circlejerk . 
  you can masturbate each other while talking about things you agree on . 
  at the point you start touching your penis, 
  then why the fuck did i even bother buying these binoculars ? 
  breasts are nature, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfvsfosbjy0 ), 
  if she wants a divorce and he `` refuses to sign the papers '' why does n't she just move out ? 
  does she have family ? 
  can she live at your place temporarily ? 
  if her husband is n't bringing in money why ca n't she afford to move out ? 
  and if she does n't agree to say he did it to the police ? 
  it makes it much much more likely to happen though, 
  ewwww, 
  but it 's so bright, 
  what ? 
  i 'm about to die ? 
  what happened ? 
  are you going to kill me ? 
  fuck my last words . 
  please do n't kill me . 
  please . 
  i have a family . 
  i 'll do whatever you want . 
  want me to suck your dick ? 
  i 'll do it . 
  please do n't kill me, 
  do you really care that much ? 
  a blowjob is a blowjob , just let her spit man . 
  i 've heard pineapple does make it taste sweeter though . 
  ( not american but since most are i 'll do my top 5 issues for there ), 
  gay marriage, 
  a better public healthcare system ( seriously , it 's not socialism , it 's just smart to have good public health care , even if you do n't care about people it 's just smart economically ), 
  proper separation of church and state, 
  limiting lobby group power/donations for campaigns, 
  change the private jail system ( seriously , it 's modern slavery ), 
  it 's true . 
  we all took turns . 
  i can too , i just cut myself a lot . 
  why do you think she died ? 
  i am * now *, 
  i still do but i used to also, 
  you wo n't get the job . 
  if your holocaust lasts for more than 4 hours please consult your physician, 
  [ more of jimmy carr and hecklers ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzlllm7rgm8 ), 
  the bravest place on earth, 
  finishing my doctorate and getting some papers published . 
  would potentially be the biggest achievement of my life . 
  eat a handful of pepper . 
  so much vomit . 
  ground but that really , really cheap stuff that you only see on school camps, 
  still a few years off but i study psychology . 
  going to do a doctorate before being a practicing clinician . 
  not yet ... not yet,
