  no-one who knows enough about medicine to give you advice would be stupid enough to diagnose someone over the internet . 
  `` this was a mistake '', 
  it might be worth adding a quick rating system that says how much prior knowledge is needed . 
  it does n't have to be anything complicated , maybe just ( b ) eginner ( i ) ntermediate and ( a ) dvanced . 
  just a quick list off the top of my head while i 'm at work . 
  maybe categorise it at psychology/brain science since a lot of them overlap heavily :, 
  mindsight - daniel j siegel ( b ), 
  the brain that changes itself - norman doidge ( b ), 
  richard wiseman - 59 seconds ( b ), 
  paul bloom - how pleasure works ( b ), 
  ernest becker - the denial of death ( i ), 
  steven pinker - how the mind works ( b-i ), 
  oliver sacks - the man who mistook his wife for a hat ( b ), 
  michael shermer - why people believe weird things ( b ), 
  i 'm sure there 's more , i 'll edit it as i go . 
  see a psychologist . 
  do n't take medication without professional support . 
  you realise that they 're outdated concepts right ? 
  did n't realise i could edit it myself . 
  i 'll go do it now . 
  people used to use tree bark for headaches . 
  it 's now called aspirin . 
  anything more than ears becomes a turn-off for me, 
  haha . 
  good luck !, 
  you do realise that a woman does n't * have * to change her name right ? 
  easiest clinically proven strategies are exercise and meditation . 
  leading question is leading . 
  well , i guess i know enough to turn you inside out , you sockdologising old man-trap . 
  i think wearing an eye-patch is probably a good call whether you need it or not . 
  i wish i had an excuse to wear one . 
  why do you think it should be ? 
  just because it 's in there , it does n't mean that it excuses the behaviour . 
  it simply means that it 's a situation where someone is more inclined to act maladaptively in a way that will impair functioning or cause distress . 
  the dsm is basically the diagnostic manual for mental disorders . 
  for example it says to qualify for major depressive disorder the patient must suffer from x number of the following symptoms for at least y period of time . 
  you might have better luck if you spell his name correctly . 
  yes, 
  * not sure if karma whoring or genuinely interested *, 
  there is a call from some scientists ( david eagleman has done some fascinating talks on it ) that the criminal justice system needs to go from a punitive system to a system based on likelihood to re-offend . 
  i think what you 're saying is really valid . 
  i do n't think people should be shipped off to jail to be warehoused and this may be a way forward . 
  dan ariely has done research on this and talks about it in his book predictably irrational ( very worth a read ) . 
  your emotional state affects your decision-making . 
  there are n't many stronger states than sexual arousal . 
  that request is not worthy of two excalamation marks . 
  one at an absolute maximum . 
  people kept getting me confused, 
  are laws against stealing a violation of my 1st amendment right to pursue happiness ? 
  what if i 'll be happier if i steal that tv ? 
  if i could reach ... 
  i had a crappy job in a food court at a takeaway italian place that i kept because my manager and co-workers were cool . 
  head office decided that they were n't making enough profit and changed managers ( it was definitely management and not the policy of reusing pizza * and * pasta the next day by splashing water on it and heating it up ) . 
  anyway , i was working with the new manager and told her i was heading to the toilet . 
  she responded by saying `` okay but you better be quicker than [ the girl i was working with ] because she just went and took 7 and a half minutes '' . 
  i never worked there again . 
  `` if you wannabe my lover , got ta get with my friends '', 
  turns out that making out with her friends was a bad strategy . 
  damn you spice girls !, 
  if it 's brown flush it down , if it 's yellow let it mellow, 
  how does one wang chung ? 
  and we 're always trying to analyse you . 
  if you 're seriously considering suicide , whether you have a genuine intention to kill yourself or not , you should be speaking to a professional psychologist . 
  the feelings you have this second are n't permanent and there are ways to give yourself a happy and fulfilling life . 
  that depends on whether you 've seen the other hannibal movies . 
  the entire series is phenomenal . 
  as a general rule , drugs that are mind-altering are not legal . 
  whether or not it * should * be legal is a different question . 
  watch the hannibal series , in order . 
  messed around in high school because it was easy for me to get good grades . 
  i now have no studying skills and it 's making my university life harder . 
  only if you 're brother and sister, 
  i send the girl i 'm stalking links to funny reddit posts . 
  i assume she appreciates it . 
  i 'd see a doctor about that weird sensation in your bones, 
  did you call out her name in bed ? 
  i got all my karma from calling people sockdologising old man-traps . 
  til that wtf is a verb too now . 
  put a rubber glove in it then smash it with a hammer . 
  when you 've done everything else , pour it into a swimming pool , it looks fucking cool . 
  that reminds me of the time i was in cuba ... 
  it does n't mean that he 's not interested in you anymore . 
  tell him that it made you feel unwanted and you do n't care if he does that but you do n't want him to hide it from you . 
  [ this ] ( http://panicdisorder.about.com/od/understandingpanic/a/anxvspanic.htm ) explains it pretty well . 
  a panic attack is a type of anxiety disorder . 
  panic attack is the correct term but if you use anxiety attack a mental health professional will still know what you 're talking about . 
  edit : let me know if you have any more questions about it , happy to help ( i 'm a psych student ) . 
  move out of your parent 's house . 
  it means attach yourself to a dialysis machine and sleep for a really long time with short breaks to piss yourself . 
  call the police station . 
  message the mods, 
  therapy is the best way to go . 
  i would seek a clinical psychologist . 
  most likely , what they would do is called cognitive behavioural therapy ( cbt ) which is a way of learning to feel the emotions and understand whether or not they cohere with reality ( as in , is the level of panic warranted ) . 
  in the short-term , i recommend doing some mindfulness meditation . 
  10 minutes a day can have a really big impact on anxiety and has heaps of other benefits . 
  if you search for ucla mindfulness on itunes there are some intro level guided meditations ( i 'm trying them myself too ) . 
  if you have any other questions do n't hesitate to reply to this message or pm me . 
  i love behavioural econ . 
  it 's such a natural complement to psychology .
