  i think that every girl has a drink rating . 
  that is , how many drinks it would take for you to sleep with her . 
  anyone who is hotter than a 0 is irrelevant for your purposes . 
  if someone is so ugly you could n't be drunk enough to sleep with them , it 's how many drinks it would take for you to pass out and not realise they were having their way with you . 
  social is the most practical , you 'll enjoy it . 
  let me know if you need help with anything . 
  4 months renting an apartment on the beach somewhere in the carribean . 
  4 months in new york city , going for trips to different parts of america . 
  4 months in italy/france getting fat . 
  go on ... 
  like it would be a massive clusterfuck full of 13 year olds spamming, 
  all good meat you should try to flip only once unless you 're cooking the sides too, 
  not for a little while yet , it 's only been 18 months . 
  find a good psychologist and talk about your fear of failure, 
  you missed the point . 
  she gets you so drunk that she takes * you * home . 
  also , as i learned a while ago : having sex with a fat girl is like riding a scooter , it 's fun as long as none of your friends find out . 
  you 're probably trying too hard, 
  this second - actually reading my textbook instead of sitting on reddit . 
  so many blowholes , so little time, 
  none because i 'm no longer 12 . 
  be less awesome ? 
  twilight, 
  paraplegics often struggle, 
  no thanks, 
  by not being a spiteful person and just being happy, 
  freudian analysis : you 're ` limp ' bodied in your dream because you feel castrated that you never had sex with your mother . 
   men of reddit, 
  stay out of this little girl . 
  the men are talking . 
  twice since i got to work, 
  you might want to understand the terms first . 
  if you 're an agnostic , you 're still a theist or an atheist . 
  it 's a dichotomy . 
  you can be an atheist without believing the world is meaningless . 
  i personally gain a lot of meaning from the fact that my life is all that matters in this world . 
  what could mean more than the fact that a confluence of incredibly unlikely events led me to exist and have feelings . 
  how much more meaning do you want ? 
  i do n't use my real name but give a very good hint, 
  please learn what the terms mean, 
  wrong thread , pal, 
  well it sounds like you 've got it all figured out champ . 
  well done , clearly it 's making you happy . 
  also , 58 % of all statistics are made up on the spot, 
  jersey shore, 
  there 's a lot of tech/science work there . 
  that being said , having spent a few weeks there , the entire place smells like a combination of sweat a cheese . 
  it 's a very poor country that relies on foreign aid to have an ambulance service and what money they do have , they spend on conscription . 
  are you * sure * you want to live there ? 
  tel aviv is n't what it used to be . 
  the beach is pretty nice but it was pretty run down when i was there ( end of 2005 although i 'd say it 's only worse since ) . 
  good falafel though, 
  not sure , sorry . 
  make me . 
  right except you took that statement and then assigned meanings to all the terms in the exact way you want to define them . 
  surely it 's just more functional to talk in terms of the commonly accepted ( current ) meaning . 
  yes . 
  people with money need people with only a little bit of money to at least have some . 
  if they do n't , they ca n't buy the products that the rich person is selling . 
  but it does n't . 
  the entire point i was making is that most atheists do n't take the position that op was assigning them . 
  * most * atheists define themselves as what i would call agnostic atheists - they do n't believe in god but do n't necessarily believe that a god can be ( dis ) proven . 
  were you randomly looking through my posting history ? 
  thanks !, 
  step 1 ) get over her and move on, 
  step 2 ) see step 1, 
  google ` reddit enhancement suite ' it will solve all of your problems, 
  i closed reddit to study . 
  it stayed closed for 20 minutes !, 
  nice try , officer, 
  beat me to that, 
  tomorrow 's lottery numbers sense, 
  you are dick is huge ? 
  you probably should n't be showing your cock to mentally challenged girls . 
  i baked you something for your birthday . 
  come into my van to find out what it is, 
  you 'd think that , would n't you , you sockdologizing old mantrap, 
  it went * okay *, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/our_american_cousin#the_lincoln_assassination ), 
  vague question is vague . 
  are you talking about sex ? 
  you never go ass to mouth, 
  i assumed you were talking about pokemon ... 
  ` crazy bitch fire mouth ' stored in spank bank . 
  i did n't downvote your comment because i thought you were trolling . 
  i downvoted it for being stupid and wrong . 
  it 's a clerks 2 reference . 
  try a therapist , not anonymous strangers on the internet, 
  if they 're a performer, 
  listening to avril lavigne makes me cry for different reasons, 
  no but give it a rest buddy . 
  you 'll chafe . 
  too skinny, 
  top try so far, 
  a for effort though, 
  e for effort ? 
  my girlfriend complains when my beard gets too long because it tickles her when we kiss . 
  then , when i shave it off , she gets annoyed because she misses it . 
  women, 
  okay .
