  glitter has already been made, 
  i did it until i was 12 ... 
  nice try , officer, 
  no for many reasons . 
  go to r/askscience if you want a good explanation why, 
  the new section of askreddit, 
  availability heuristic . 
  it 's much easier to think of examples of people being assholes than happy marriages . 
  i bet you are , buddy . 
  i bet you are, 
  iiiiiit 's friday , friday , got ta get down on friday, 
  i think the more important question is : could a bear hear you do it ? 
  who pays for it ? 
  [ does n't matter for me ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tg4f9zr5yzy ) . 
  serious answer is the present . 
  by all standards we have by far the best civilisation that has ever existed , despite constant bitching to the contrary . 
  i think it 's great . 
  there are no shortcuts , like buying an nba that already had lebron james on it then crying as he leaves . 
  then tell him you 're going to stop paying . 
  my girlfriend says that i have full conversations with her that i have no recollection of . 
  and the overwhelming odds that you 're a serf who lives in squalor . 
  david eagleman ( neuroscientist ) does a brilliant talk i found on itunes about why the internet is the best reason that our society wo n't break down /, 
  dating, 
  i hate when the driver shoots up heroin at red lights, 
  notamishstopasking, 
  inb4 pretty fly for a wifi, 
  your southerners sound like morons . 
  the female southern accent * can * be attractive if she 's very cute . 
  sorry , that 's a fair point . 
  it was an unnecessary jab . 
  really appreciate the apology . 
  yeh , it was n't anything that majorly different to what i expected but part of the reason for the thread was making sure of that . 
  i saw some links of things that have happened in the states i was n't aware of and i do understand how those high profile cases can impact the perception of the issue . 
  that 's not possible because everyone on the road is a retard but me . 
  therefore , you must be a retard . 
  without knowing her she will mostly likely have an avoidant attachment style which means it will be very hard to trust people . 
  most important thing is she needs to know , always , that you love her and will protect her . 
  if you get a chance to , tell her that you 're never going to bring it up yourself but she 's allowed to talk about it whenever she wants . 
  the most important thing is that she always feels safe . 
  it sounds like you handled it pretty well so far . 
  it 's disturbingly common and often does n't get talked about - even with a lover . 
  if it 's something she still worries about or it stops her sleeping it may be worth suggesting talking to a therapist because sexual abuse can cause ptsd and that * does * need treatment . 
  obviously , be gentle if you do suggest that . 
  it 's a really tough position you 're in but your job is to be tough but also do n't hide your emotions about the issue . 
  tell her you 're angry at whoever did it or that it makes you feel really sad but at the same time remember it 's her trauma and you need to be strong for her when she needs it . 
  i had both at one point and balls hurt more but i do n't think that accurately answers your question, 
  i wanted the heat to win ( once thunder were knocked out ) . 
  i 'm an aussie ( who watches basketball obsessively ) so i do n't have a team that i grew up going for or any connection to a team so i like teams based on players i do/don ' t like . 
  wade/lebron were my 2nd/3rd favourite players before the season so i was pumped to watch them play together and it was heaps of fun . 
  edit : also , the sheer volume of the vitriol and hate from the media made me want to like them even more . 
  as i saw said just before : rick carlisle said it was all dirk , dirk said it was all kidd , kidd said it was all his teammates , the media said it was lebron . 
  is your google broken ? 
  nose . 
  otherwise i 'd snore like crazy, 
  edit : after considering death by stuffy nose i 've changed my vote to mouth, 
  simply no . 
  edit : just to be clear so everyone else knows to disregard this stupid post . 
  the people that research treating disease are not the people that profit from people being sick . 
  have n't watched yet but for context ; 60 minutes is normally god-awful television so i 'm quite excited to see them doing some good . 
  * i 've seen it many times before, 
  * it 's a conspiracy theory from a moron, 
  * it 's generally wrong, 
  * the joke is n't funny, 
  you 're a dickhead and you should tell him and accept whatever beating he gives you . 
  it does n't matter . 
  if it 's a repost it will get downvoted and that 's the end of it . 
  no-one cares if you 're a douche and no-one remembers your name . 
  what do you mean ? 
  clearly scientists are getting paid to cover up global warming being a scam and they have all agreed not to disprove evolution despite either guaranteeing an instant nobel prize . 
  ( was a joke ), 
  first time i woke up next to my so, 
  `` carlisle said it was all dirk . 
  dirk said it was all kidd . 
  kidd said it was all his teammates . 
  the media said it was all lebron . '', 
  hey everyone , this guy has a small penis, 
  hey everyone , this guy is poor, 
  1 ) study, 
  2 ) watch basketball, 
  i do n't know if you would call this a craft * just yet * but i have a stomach that is amazing at collecting stomach lint . 
  i 've been making a pile over the last few weeks and i think i 'll make something out of it . 
  suggestions ? 
  can you draw a picture of the reddit alien studying for me ? 
  i 've got 4 exams in 3 days and it would cheer me up . 
  you skipped drinking wine, 
  i am, 
  you accidentally the wrong subreddit, 
  deal !, 
  you should start with something light . 
  try a long island ice tea , they have barely any alcohol in them and taste quite sweet . 
  / whispers to everyone else `` shhhh '', 
  i have no problem with it . 
  i 'm all for the police taking people that are n't legal/safe drivers away from my car that has my kids in it . 
  meeeee . 
  tell me a story about a redditor stressing about exams . 
  they beat my thunder :*(, 
  so i 'd get laid at least ... hmm ... could be worse . 
  wait a minute ... boobs ... caroline ... if my math works out that make you a. . . a. . . lesbian !, 
  [ grace ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3adfwke9je ) - jeff buckley . 
  if you have n't heard it before : put it on , close your eyes , have your life changed .
