  eli5 the general belief behind their policies, 
  you may find that you 're not understanding something . 
  you could even ask in r/asksocialscience , may get a good answer there . 
  that really depends . 
  what 's more important than the medium is how actively you 're doing the learning . 
  for example , if you 've been sitting there reading your textbook for 2 hours and not actually considering the words , you 're going to remember very little . 
  in the same way , if you 're watching a documentary while sitting on reddit you 'll absorb the same amount . 
  point being , do whatever helps you focus the most on the content ** and ** try to think about context/other ways of explaining it while you 're watching/reading . 
  for example , i try to read my textbook and think `` how would i explain this on reddit ? '', 
  the more active your learning is , the more you 'll retain . 
  but if he was a terrorist , is n't that what he would want you to think ? 
  they share the same dna . 
  there 's your proof . 
  upvoted . 
  please change my flair to your favourite bible passage . 
  it 's funny cause atheism, 
  meditation is a basically taking some time to focus on one specific thing as opposed to the usual flood of information we receive . 
  try as an exercise , sit there , close your eyes , and concentrate on the sensation of your breath going in and out . 
  nothing else . 
  you 'll find that it 's actually harder to keep your focus there than you think , but you just meditated . 
  different kinds of meditation will use different types of focus but breathing is the most common one . 
  it 's actually had great scientific results in the last 10 years or so , showing it to be very good for general pscyhological and physical health ( i can go into more detail if you need ) . 
  if you 're interested , search for `` ucla meditation '' on itunes and they have some introductory guided meditations . 
  set aside 5-20 minutes and just try it . 
  makes you wonder why he stuck his dick in crazy ? 
  i read that the egyptians that built the pyramids were considered very highly in the society , it was a great honour and certainly not done by slaves . 
  who decides which are the corrupt ones ? 
  is the evidence presented before each killing ? 
  either way , i do n't think people would feel comfortable with a vigilante killing people because it makes law and order too unpredictable . 
  yay, 
  wooo, 
  wooo, 
  people on reddit ! = national support, 
  think about how incredibly dangerous and taxing it is for a woman to have a child . 
  they 're unable to mate for a year minimum , risk death and have a huge need to then care for the child . 
  if you 're a male who has invested in a woman , there is a very clear incentive for you to make sure that she does n't go through that process with someone else as you gain nothing from it ( from the perspective of passing on your genes ) but risk losing the chance of that woman being able to carry your child . 
  everything that affects the survival of the species alters evolution . 
  if you keep stopping the blood supply , they die . 
  passing out is just a very good warning sign you should let go . 
  i 'm sorry but i disagree . 
  this is a smart political move and nothing else . 
  abbott has * explicitly * said that he will not allow his party to vote on conscience . 
  that means that a vote will fail unless the party says to vote on party lines . 
  this is a way of looking good without doing anything . 
  if gillard had any brains she 'd push this through a few months before the election since it pretty much guarantees a win . 
  i think it means two things :, 
  1 ) articulate speech is normally confused with profundity . 
  if you 're talking in circles and making it more complicated than it has to be , there 's a fair chance you 're trying to bamboozle people . 
  2 ) really understanding a concept requires being able to break it down into small parts . 
  you may know an impressive fact , but if you do n't truly understand what it means , you can only recite it not explain it in simple terms . 
  for example , i can tell you that the speed of light is 299\u00a0792\u00a0458 m/s but i do n't have near enough knowledge to tell you why or give you an understanding of the importance of it . 
  having little to no knowledge of the situation you 're talking about i 'm going to give you a kernel of wisdom imparted to me by my psychology of relationships lecturer . 
  when a couple are fighting , things only get resolved if you 're speaking the same language . 
  if one person is talking from reason and the other is talking from emotion , neither understands anything the other is saying . 
  she 's not wrong for being emotional when she 's upset . 
  you 're not wrong for being rational . 
  stop yourself from trying to convince her that she 's wrong about being emotional and just ask her questions . 
  i promise , you 'll get a very different result . 
  no experience but i study psychology :, 
  postpartum psychosis is basically a much more severe version of postpartum depression . 
  bipolarity is common and does explain a lot of her behaviour . 
  the thing to try and understand is that our brain governs the way we understand the world . 
  however , our brain is a combination of electricity and chemicals , that 's all . 
  when your friend went through childbirth the chemicals rapidly changed and they became unbalanced , greatly changing her ability to understand the world . 
  i understand this is difficult but most cases do ease over time with treatment and will actually be quite short-lived if she can be talked into seeing someone . 
  if you have any other questions about it , feel free to ask . 
  there are two reasons that can be explained by evolution :, 
  1 ) women have a shorter window of reproduction . 
  2 ) men can have far more babies than women as they require less investment . 
  it is advantageous for a woman to have a husband that will care for her , and her child , through childbirth and the early years of the child 's life . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_australia#public_opinion_polls ), 
  [ citation required ], 
  it will probably help and i would trust the opinion of the professionals who are reviewing her over me any day haha . 
  a lot of psychopathology is quite cyclical ( good periods and bad periods ) but because this is due to an event that wo n't reoccur and because her neurochemistry will start normalising , the worst of it should be over . 
  give the meds a chance to work , i 'm sure she 's being monitored closely . 
  i believe the normal treatment is meds to stabilise her and then combining it with therapy and is normally quite effective . 
  yes but you 're confusion correlation with causation and then adding a whole bunch of un-cited meaning on top of it . 
  no stress at all . 
  feel free to message me any time if you have more questions or just want to talk about it, 
  ahh more unfounded crap . 
  how unexpected . 
  i never denied that women are more emotional than men . 
  i said that it did n't prove your original post and it still does n't . 
  i done did summin clever ? 
  exactly this . 
  being a skeptic does n't mean you ca n't assert anything without a research paper sitting next to you . 
  you do n't need to be an evolutionary biologist to believe evolution is real . 
  about to start my honours in psychology and loving every minute, 
  abbott has already said that he wo n't let his party vote conscience , several months ago . 
  i live in australia so i 'm not sure i 'm the best example either sorry, 
  that 's not really a satisfactory answer . 
  i know you were probably being flippant but suggesting that anyone who believes in something unreasonable is ` retarded ' misses some very important truths about the psychology of humans . 
  there are a few reasons we believe weird things :, 
  1 ) from an evolutionary perspective , there is a far greater risk when you have a false negative rather than a false positive . 
  think of the case of hearing a rustle in the bushes . 
  you have to choose quickly whether it 's a predator or not . 
  if you think predator and you 're wrong , you may feel foolish or waste some energy but you 're alive . 
  if you think not predator , you 're lunch and do n't pass on your genes . 
  2 ) some theories posit that it 's an over-generalisation of a biological urge to trust authority . 
  you 've probably heard of the milgram experiments ( authority figure instructed participants to give incredibly painful electric shocks to a 3rd party ) which showed how willing we are to act out of character if told to do so by an authority .
