  at least he did n't yell out hadouken, 
  a wild spider appears . 
  human uses cumshot . 
  it is super effective . 
  there were at least 3 more faps in that . 
  i drove home stoned once and got pulled over by a cop for a ` random breath test ' since he said it was a quiet night ( and it was 4am on a suburban road ) . 
  i 've never been more terrified in my life . 
  stopped me doing it again . 
  always happens when i quote twilight at the gym . 
  i. . . uh ... op where do you work ? 
  i meant the opposite as in we should trust them * less *, 
  okay so what if i imitated a southern drawl or kept saying ` six ' with a kiwi accent ? 
  my aunty always tells me : `` do n't be the only uncomfortable person in the room '', 
  when you wrote ` out of body memory ' you accidentally misspelled ` fake memory ', 
  no : it 's barbaric , dangerous and unnecessary . 
  related : i almost died from mine, 
  well they 're not completely fake ( necessarily ) they 're just heavily influenced by your perceptions of your own childhood . 
  memories are imperfect - they 're more like a description of an event than a photograph . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't trust any memories but memories of being that young are very flawed , the fact that you have a perspective in it , that you could n't have possibly experienced , is a good tip off . 
  my mum did n't realise it was more than normal and if it was n't for a friend of hers coming into the room ( who happened to be a doctor ) i may have bled to death . 
  had to get stitches all the way around it . 
  no she did n't do it herself . 
  the guy who did it screwed it up and did n't realise . 
  she was holding me a little while later . 
  songs that are supposed to be beautiful love songs but are really shallow bullshit ( i 'm looking at you james blunt ) . 
  seriously , singing about staring at a good looking girl on a train and not talking to her because you 're too shy is n't romantic , it 's fucking creepy . 
  actually , the term muggle is an old slang word for marijuana . 
  the story ends when we realise that harry had been taking waaaaay too many drugs and had imagined his own powers . 
  til that there are angry james blunt fans, 
  til that the no masturbating rule is not unspoken, 
  because people do n't live * having * to do things . 
  you hate getting out of bed because you do n't think you should * have * to . 
  you hate going to sleep because you 're lying there thinking i wish i did n't * have * to sleep . 
  paper towels ? 
  wtf ? 
  tissues !, 
  the pyramids . 
  well done ~ ~ jews ~ ~ egyptians, 
  it may mean you 've caught the cold . 
  i 'm not a doctor but this seems plausible, 
  iama slightly overweight white guy in his twenties . 
  yes inb4 90 % of reddit . 
  how old are you and was this the first time you 've had sex ? 
  you seem very worried . 
  most stds take ages to kick in and be detectable , you 've just got a cold . 
  condoms, 
  most girls will offer on a date, 
  i do n't think they have a choice whether or not to shake it all about, 
  everything is funnier with a midget . 
  everything . 
  tough call . 
  i think there 's an intuitive sense that she should be allowed to decide . 
  however , a doctor ca n't refuse to give all black guys prostate exams . 
  if you 're truly saying it 's a service divorced from the emotion of regular intercourse then you have to say it should n't be allowed . 
  exactly , then you just explain it in the interview if they ask more . 
  it 's called `` robin sparkles in outer space '', 
  it 's a sore subject, 
  activists for everything i disagree with are insane . 
  activists for everything i disagree with are insane . 
  would n't that lead to an uneven tan ? 
  a ) you 're both stupid for having an upset over this, 
  b ) it clearly takes a combination of the two and trying to assign an arbitrary % that you 're sticking to is retarded . 
  c ) why did n't you ask her why she was so upset about what you said instead of bitching to reddit about it ? 
  i quite dislike both of you, 
  the lion the witch and the wardrobe was supposed to be a way of teaching kids the easter story . 
  do n't be such a brat, 
  many different ones have many different reasons . 
  most are evolutionarily/psychologically based . 
  is there a particular taboo you 're wondering about ? 
  they do n't . 
  that being said we do have a cognitive bias to favour good looking people ( ie. , they tend to get shorter sentences for the same crime ), 
  do n't like them . 
  i 'd prefer small and real to big and fake, 
  a concentration camp ? 
  try him out for theater, 
  my penis, 
  i 've never tried any of the cures but i guarantee you that this man is correct unless your drink is swapping all of the blood in your body for new blood . 
  you are a tiny insignificant dot on a planet that is a tiny , insignificant dot , that is in a solar system that is a tiny , insignificant dot . 
  what 's more ; if the history of the universe was condensed into a one year calender , as a species we do n't appear until 10:30 pm on december 31st . 
  we matter so little it 's quite comical and oddly empowering to me . 
  any good coup needs to start from the ground up . 
  try getting lots of support before you start making any major moves . 
  it 's a proven fact that it 's not racist if you 're making fun of another caucasian group . 
  has it been done for research purposes ? 
  i would be incredibly surprised . 
  you hear about some barbaric experiments from 50-100 years ago but we have ethics boards now and you ca n't cause harm to anyone without a really , really good reason . 
  even psych experiments you ca n't deceive the participants unless you can explain to an ethics board why it 's wortwhile . 
  i only have access to a kitchen 3 nights a week so i make up big batches of soup . 
  as a psych student - people are n't rational, 
  you accidentally a question, 
  masturbate furiously, 
  it 's about saying to the other person `` i 'm so certain that i want to share the rest of my life with you that i want everything to be shared and connected . '', 
  it 's not about signing the document so that it forces the person to stay with you ( clearly that does n't work anyway ) , you sign the document to show the other person that they should feel * that * safe being with you . 
  friday . 
  so many seats to take , i could be entertained for ages . 
  i 'd respond but after listening to a bit of that song i 'm too depressed, 
  what did you accidentally post ? 
  of course and i 'm not saying marriage is some perfect entity but that 's the ideal behind it . 
  you asked why people do it and that 's why ( other than social pressures ) . 
  many people do n't see the marriage document that way but many others do .
