  one time ( when i still lived at my parents ) i was out with some mates and forgot a dvd we were going to watch . 
  they all quickly came back to my place with me while i picked it up only to all hear my mum/step-dad having * very * loud sex . 
  i do n't really understand the counter argument to that . 
  should people with hormonal problems not be allowed to have adult relationships ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5tqidff_dq ) is the only `` feel good '' son . 
  `` you 're like my sister '', 
  this man , will make your liver quiver, 
  i am right now . 
  she 's sitting next to me , working , while i lie in my underwear watching peep show . 
  it takes time to heal . 
  do n't rush back into it too quickly , i made that mistake and ended up in a destructive situation . 
  relationships need to be mourned , they 're a loss . 
  let yourself grieve and over time you 'll move on . 
  i had that but it turned out to be gas . 
  ftfy - fuck them , fuck you . 
  why is your caps lock on ? 
  as long as you do n't get so hot that they start chasing you . 
  might turn into a forrest gump kinda thing . 
  you should probably just change your username to mrn, 
  i bet you 're the first person to reply that to him . 
  quick , ask me if i 'm sure that i 'm not jesus . 
  you 're more normal than i give you credit for . 
  considering all that . 
  nature podcast, 
  brain science podcast, 
  freakonomics radio, 
  neuropod, 
  neuroscene, 
  point of inquiry, 
  psychology in everyday life, 
  psychobabble, 
  shrink rap radio, 
  the skeptic 's guide to the universe, 
  wise counsel podcasts, 
  60 second mind, 
  hamish and andy, 
  dr karl on triplej, 
  i would love to know how many farts i average per day and how that has changed over time . 
  i fart a crazy amount . 
  do n't try to swipe it on the cop without asking . 
  it will not go * okay *, 
  such a scumbag thing to do, 
  politely say thank you and then throw it in the bin . 
  or ... you know ... do n't be a cock, 
  this is a really easy question to answer without knowing anything about her, 
  you 're going to get abused here, 
   i do n't even consider the possibility, 
  yes . 
  that 's kind of the definition of narrow-minded, 
  as long as there is * some * genuine intent to consider it and willingness to change point of view if proven wrong . 
  you are being a dick . 
  anxiety attacks are n't a choice and if you 've ever experienced one you 'd know that no-one wants to have them , they 're fucking terrifying . 
  from a psychological perspective , it 's hugely important that his kid 's mother is supporting him and i give her a huge amount of credit . 
  untreated anxiety disorders in children have a huge co-morbidity rate and the kid will most likely suffer from depression ( at a minimum ) if told to just suck it up . 
  it 's an illness , not a kid asking for attention . 
  i really hope you 're joking because your attitude is n't just wrong , it 's harmful . 
  you 're simply wrong . 
  i can gladly explain to you how anxiety disorders work or why parental support in that situation is hugely important if you wish . 
  everyone has anxiety , to differing degrees , although you may be saying you have an anxiety disorder , i 'm not sure . 
  the point is that if you 've ever studied anxiety disorders ( i do ) you 'd realise that saying `` man the fuck up '' is like telling a chance patient to `` stop fucking metastasising '' . 
  this is n't about coddling or making excuses . 
  it 's about a disease . 
  severe panic disorders make the sufferer genuinely feel like they 're going to die . 
  you 're missing the point though . 
  i do n't know why you posted , if you 're just hoping for confirmation or something but try listening . 
  i 'm happy to teach you about this stuff ( i study psychology ) if you 're genuinely interested . 
  you need to understand that saying `` man the fuck up '' to someone suffering from an anxiety disorder is kind of like telling someone with cancer to `` stop fucking metastasising '' . 
  i 'm not talking on behalf of every redditor . 
  i 'm talking about serious mental disorders that i know more about than you as i study them . 
  i 'll offer once more to help you learn more about them if you like but i have no interest in a back and forth where you just make blanket statements like that over and over . 
  and you say that based on what expertise ? 
  in your backyard, 
  still missing the part where you have expertise . . 
  one where you have expertise , know-how and have done a lot of research into the market . 
  boobs, 
  i 'd say the marginal difference is smaller after each year ( which kind of makes sense ) and there is n't an age where it levels out as such . 
  more importantly , i think it 's different for everyone . 
  i made some really big changes at 23 and would consider that when i started being an adult . 
  for other people it may be earlier or later . 
  you 're right . 
  i do think that about you all the time . 
   askitt, 
  you do n't know about ice soap ? 
  well it does n't really matter if you believe that since it 's a scientific fact . 
  nice putting words into my mouth . 
  i was n't arguing with your other points , i only commented on the fact that you said that you said :, 
   i do n't believe mental capacity correlates to physical brain development as an upward trend . 
  which is wrong . 
  abraham lincoln, 
  to be fair , selling chocolate to women on their period is like shooting fish in a barrel . 
  the whole death thing would get in the way of weighing ourselves . 
  [ fight or flight response ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fight-or-flight_response#physiology ) . 
  also , defecation/urination makes you a less appetising meal and lighter ( from an evolutionary psychology book i 'm reading at the moment , do n't have a source ), 
  proportionally speaking , yes , a republican is far more likely to be religious than a democrat . 
  well after the first guy paid me for a handjob in the men 's toilets it all kinda just snowballed, 
  apparently for a few months in primary school i was sure i wanted to be a maths teacher . 
  thank fuck i grew outta that . 
  the question is n't just stupid , it 's also impossible to answer . 
  i believe in love but not ` true love ' . 
  true love implies that there 's one magic person that fits you and while that 's a romantic notion , it 's pretty nonsensical ( basic understanding of statistics or relationship psych will tell you that ) .
