  these types of posts will be removed . 
  because they signal sufficient oestrogen production during puberty , suggesting an adequately developed reproductive system . 
  oooo sexy, 
  go to the faculty . 
  this is n't okay . 
  again , i do n't really see what you 're trying to achieve by randomly attacking me about my course . 
  it 's just sad that you feel the need to follow me around trying to have a dig at me . 
  the psychological evidence says that it is n't just a great way to significantly damage the parent-child relationship but it 's also not a very effective behaviour change tool . 
  of course , on reddit this is a fringe view and i accept the flood of downvotes coming my way from people replying `` i was hit and i turned out okay '' . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://psycnet.apa.org/?fa=main.doilanding&amp;doi=10.1037/0033-2909.128.4.539 ) is the biggest and most respected meta-analysis on the topic . 
  he 's not a nice guy . 
  what he 's doing is very , very wrong . 
  [ false ] ( http://psycnet.apa.org/?fa=main.doilanding&amp;doi=10.1037/0033-2909.128.4.539 ), 
  basically they measured the outcomes of corporal punishment on several different factors . 
  the only positive from corporal punishment is `` immediate compliance '' and there is n't evidence it actually changes behaviour in the long-term ( i.e. , i 'll behave now because i do n't want to be hit but it does n't change underlying behaviours ) . 
  in addition , it caused the the child to be more aggressive , less mentally healthy , have a worse relationship with the parents and heaps of other things . 
  tl ; dr corporal punishment is bad . 
  okay . 
  people are also really good at deciding scientific evidence does n't apply to them . 
  you ca n't without changing your diet , sorry pal . 
  what are you asking for then ? 
  right . 
  and everyone is telling you diet change is necessary . 
  i ca n't even remember now . 
  he got upset at something i said and now he follows me around attacking me and saying i 'm butthurt . 
  the irony is so magnificent . 
  oh god not this guy again . 
  if anyone is wondering , he got upset because a post was removed for not fitting in the askreddit guidelines and his comment was on track to `` win comment of the year '' according to him . 
  my lack of fucks given is immense . 
  [ this ] ( http://marc.ucla.edu/body.cfm?id=22 ) . 
  been proven to reduce anxiety . 
  are you two friends or something ? 
  is that why he follows me around , because you 're annoyed that your comment did n't get seen ? 
  is this supposed to upset me ? 
  ignorant moron on the internet does n't think my life goal is worthwhile , oh my god , how distressing . 
  i 've dragged my sister around the tiles of my childhood house by her ankle . 
  does that count ? 
  reaction : my mum thought it was hilarious . 
  she 'd been warning my sister for years that i 'd `` eventually be stronger than her '' . 
  if you 've spent any time in the new queue , you 'd realise that the number of questions that go through askreddit is incredible . 
  for something to get to the frontpage it needs to appeal to people in the new queue and ** quickly ** . 
  it 's pretty rare to think of something that has n't been asked before that will also appeal to lots of people and have room for interesting discussion . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  maybe you 're struggling because you 've decided on an answer , not a question . 
  you 're missing the point of science . 
  why do n't you ask * him * instead of strangers on the internet ? 
  in my unscientific opinion , i think sexual repression causes desire to come out in other ways . 
  i do n't think a disproportionate number of pedophiles become priests , i think priests try to suppress one of their most basic desires and it just does n't work . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  / r/asksocialscience is brilliant, 
  upvote and downvote what does and does n't add to the conversation . 
  if you 're downvoting people because you disagree with them , you 're doing it wrong . 
  edit : i want a second . 
  i 'm so sick of complaining about reposts . 
  if it 's on the frontpage , enough people have n't seen it that it deserves to be there again . 
  it 's impossible to see every single submission . 
  i did n't say that all `` eastern medicine is bs '' . 
  i 'm saying that all unproven medicine should be considered bs until shown otherwise . 
  if something works , studies can be done to show that it does work . 
  have you tried online dating ? 
  it 's how i met my so . 
  it 's not just for serial killers ( anymore ) . 
  no yes/no answer questions . 
  daes are yes/no answer questions . 
  they do n't belong on askreddit . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  tell her how you feel about it , dingus . 
  start with `` i said some really mean things to you and i feel horrible because i do n't feel that way ... '' and just be honest from there . 
  not married yet but i 'm with the girl i will marry soon . 
  we 've both agreed that cheating is n't something that we can come back from and would both instantly terminate the relationship if that boundary was crossed . 
  there is n't much else though . 
  racist, 
  you have to actually ask a question . 
  this is n't / r/rant or / r/soapbox, 
  what did ( s ) he do ? 
  that 's tough , i 'm sorry . 
  i guess my question would be : if you assume nothing is going to change , can you live like this ? 
  given that it 's clear he ca n't / wo n't get help , if the answer is ` no ' then that 's your answer . 
  before you make any big decisions , it could be worth talking through it with a psychologist , just to make sure you 're happy with what you decide . 
  sounds like it, 
  sorry pal , i just took it because people kept getting me confused with my gardener, 
  this has to be bullshit . 
  i call bullshit until i hear the story . 
  we are not cool until i get more specific details . 
  how does she not know you ? 
  does her mother know ? 
  what 's the entire story ? 
  you 'd make a killing, 
  [ gigantism ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/pmh0002157/ ), 
  i 'm hoping to trade it in for a reddit snowglobe at the reddit store . 
  also , i study psychology . 
  there are tonnes of awesome free courses available online . 
  it just depends on your net access at work . 
  nothing because as a 25 year old male i realise that the music clearly is n't designed for me . 
  i do n't really get being `` angry '' at bieber for being a talented musician who makes music for a different demographic . 
  it 's bizarre . 
  `` just because science ca n't show that it works , does n't mean that it does n't work . 
  my naturopath told me that ... '',
