  you ca n't possibly come up with a universal rule for that . 
  sometimes it 's important to stand up and other times it 's not worth it . 
  you need to make that decision on a case by case basis . 
  edit : is there a particular situation you 're struggling with that i can try to help with ? 
  acceptable, 
  this one time , i got lucky . 
  it was awesome . 
  that i do n't believe it really exists, 
  use 2 alarms then or one that is harder to turn off . 
  better chocolate and beer . 
  yeh but if people get karma for things i do n't consider justified , they 'll ruin the karmaconomy with karmflation . 
  not that terrible but hip cramp when close to finishing is horrendous . 
  stopping to stretch kinda kills the mood and continuing can be excruciating . 
  got caught in a rip at a beach . 
  struggled for about 10 minutes without getting anywhere until i remembered that you 're supposed to swim on an angle . 
  had a panic attack and was struggling to breathe . 
  overall , it was a horrifying experience . 
  breaking news : people say hurtful things when they 're anonymous and unaccountable . 
  that being said , what they said really was n't * that * bad . 
  it 's really impossible for anyone to say that , especially if the professionals reviewing her do n't know . 
  wish you the best of luck though . 
  i think that 's the same for a lot of people . 
  i was referring to the other jokes about chromosomes , sorry if i was n't clear . 
  i had an ex that was with a guy that caused quite massive tearing and she would bleed quite significantly everytime from then onwards ( with significant pain peeing afterwards ), 
  as far as i know, 
  wait till you hear her masturbating . 
  walk into the room and ask if she needs a hand . 
  it will go * okay *, 
  nothing until i get my god damned hoverboard . 
  i figuratively hate it when they get that wrong . 
  it 's so ironic that i literally explode with laughter . 
  tell myself to invest in apple stocks, 
  either that or stop myself from sticking my dick in crazy, 
  it 's just a mnemonic device . 
  it 's works on the principle of ` chunking ' . 
  that being said , you still have a fairly exceptional memory if you can write down a whole poem like that and remember what it is ( unless it 's a haiku ) . 
  have you given your partner any reason to not trust you ? 
  did you try being an adult and talking about it ? 
  are you using the freudian sense of the term or the conventional sense ? 
  your memory is fairly remarkable if that 's the case . 
  do you remember it by visualising the mnemonic ? 
  do you create a sound for it ? 
  is it easy to remember the mnemonic itself and then when you do , is it easy to know what each letter stands for ? 
  the ego is based out an outdated concept of how the human mind works . 
  the ego in that sense is referring to [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/id,_ego,_and_super-ego#ego ) but it 's not actually accurate . 
  if you can tell me the sort of thing you were hoping to get from that phrase , i can probably help you out ( for example , are you concerned about anxiety controlling your life ) . 
  that 's genuinely fascinating and after several cognitive psychology units i have absolutely no idea what mechanism you 're using . 
  make a post about it on / r/askscience i 'd love to know if anyone on there knows more about how it works . 
  ahh in that case it somewhat depends on which psychology background you come from . 
  i ca n't think of a good reading off the top of my head , sorry but it kind of depends on how you define your ` true ' self . 
  if you 're looking for explanations of why people are different , you want to look into the subsection of ` personality ' and i can suggest some specific theories . 
  if you 're more interested in how to know when you 're acting or thinking maladaptively , you should look into cognitive behavioural therapy, 
  yeh , explain how much you can remember from viewing it once since that makes it quite unique, 
  have n't read it but again , jung is quite outdated and his work is n't really used in the psychological community anymore . 
  the bits of jung i 've read are interesting but he was influential in the period before psychology became a scientific endeavour and therefore his theories are n't really verifiable and based out very outdated information . 
  out of the other 3 , without reading any of them , i 'd be most confident about the second based on the descriptions but i ca n't promise anything without reading it myself . 
  the other thing you can do , and this has had amazing experimental results recently , is learn to meditate . 
  if you search for ucla mindfulness on itunes , you can get some introductory guided meditations . 
  daniel siegel ( one of the ucla researchers on mindfulness ) has also written some really fascinating books ( start with mindsight if you 're interested ) and that will give you another really useful tool for understanding these big questions . 
  let me know if you need any help with any of it or do n't understand something, 
  yeh that 's fairly exceptional, 
  cool !, 
  let me know how you go or if you have any issues, 
  is the answer * always * rape ? 
  i would also kill a celebrity because he made advertisements i did n't like as it seems like a fair and rational response . 
  while i 'm at it , i 'll kill a teenage musician because he makes music for a different audience . 
  made my so come 7 times before i came . 
  that 's not an achievement , you 're just a cock . 
  iseewhatyoudidthere , that 's really funny because implying that i 'm gay is an insult . 
  well played !, 
  based on what you said i was completely justified . 
  i 'm still not convinced that fucking a girl just to piss off a `` mate '' is bullshit . 
  if he was that much of an asshole you should n't have been his friend . 
  that simple . 
  swing and a miss again buddy . 
  i used quotation marks because you were describing someone who is n't a mate . 
  and how would it be an achievement if i was a girl and my partner was a guy ? 
  it would just mean he was shit in bed . 
  you do n't use headphones when they 're awake ? 
  pump pump , shit . 
  okay i 'm ready, 
  pump pump , shit . 
  okay i 'm ready, 
  pump pump , shit . 
  okay i 'm ready, 
  pump pump , shit . 
  okay i 'm ready, 
  pump pump , shit . 
  okay i 'm ready, 
  pump pump , shit . 
  okay i 'm ready, 
  pump pump , shit . 
  okay i 'm ready, 
  pump pump , * fake orgasm * . 
  ** yes !!!!, 
  did you fuck her before or after she peed the bed ? 
  improved search function . 
  banning if an account has more than a certain amount of negative karma ( would stop morons and accounts deliberately aiming for downvotes ), 
  yes . 
  i do n't think * anyone * deserves to die .
