  i lucked into the course i wanted to do , just did n't rock up when it started . 
  after about a month my first assignment was due and it 'd gotten to the day before without me going to a class or reading anything . 
  it all finally hit me and i had a pretty bad panic attack . 
  my sister asked me if i was n't ready to start university and i instantly knew she was right . 
  my mum 's deal was that if i pulled out of uni i had to go see a therapist which i did and it was the best decision i 've ever made . 
  basically , i had an identity crisis that 'd been steadily worsening and when that met the anxiety of my first assignment and my neurotic personality i fell in a heap . 
  only on reddit will you see a guy named `` bitcheslovemycash '' saying `` do n't be afraid to meet new people and let yourself be vulnerable . '', 
  and `` keep your doors unlocked to your heart . '', 
  itit = i tought i taw, 
  go on ... 
  idid = i did , i did, 
  moist, 
  thanks mate, 
  sorry to hear that , i 'm surprised your meds were n't changed if your nausea was that bad . 
  unfortunately we 've still got a long way to go with psychopharmacology because reactions to certain drugs vary hugely from person to person, 
  it really depends on the situation . 
  anti-depressants can be really useful at helping stabilise a patient while they get therapy to help the symptoms so they can eventually get off the anti-depressants . 
  you accidentally a context, 
  people kept getting me confused, 
  should n't you be tittytittybangbang the 3rd then ? 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zk20wwy15uc ), 
  searching through the top of the pantry for some hidden chocolate when i was younger and i found a plastic bag . 
  pulled on it , apparently it was full of rock salt . 
  i brought the wine, 
  the difference between you and a dead guy is electricity in your brain . 
  you are the product of an unbroken chain of human mothers that goes back ~ 150,000 years , if any of them died before they reproduced you would n't exist . 
  holy fuck , i threw up a little in my mouth reading that . 
  you do realise we have a constitution too right ? 
  we 've only changed it a handful of times in the last hundred years and half of those were to allow more people the right to vote . 
  we just do n't talk about it as much . 
  shit , i read really slowly . 
  [ seriously ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/search?q=fast+walkers&amp;restrict_sr=on ), 
  first time getting laid, 
  turn it upside down but put something below it first because you 're going to get a fuckload of crumbs with it, 
  if i had a nickel for every flying tart i 've caught, 
  shit where 's my parachuuuuuuuuuuuu ^ u ^ u ^ u ^ u ^ u ^ u ^ u ^ u ^, 
  i was at a music festival ( one where you stay there for the week ) waiting in line to have a shower in the morning . 
  so i 'm just standing there in my boardshorts with a towel flung over my shoulder and a woman decided to go into the men 's line ( this had been annoying me all festival because the lines for the guys toilets were always really long for that reason ) . 
  anyway , with no prompting or previous conversation she takes her toothbrush out of her months , pokes me in the stomach with the back of it and says `` bit chubby there are n't we '' , `` typical apathetic white mother . '', 
  was so shocked i did n't even say anything . 
  my first thought was : she has a really nice ass, 
  must be fake . 
  there are no confirmed girls on wow, 
  we would need a sample to understand, 
  do n't know canadian law but by australian law you 'd have a case, 
  he has incredibly low self-esteem , obsessive personality type , unknown ( to him ) anger issues and i 'd say very few friends . 
  it sounds like he 's over-compensating a lot for his own perceived short comings , alienating those around him which then makes him feel less secure and more likely to act in those ways . 
  personally , i 'd avoid him . 
  if that 's not an option , stroke his ego but only at times he 's not ` acting out ' . 
  edit : this is based off of assumptions from your ( biassed ) description of him . 
  it 's an educated guess and i ca n't know without meeting him, 
  some people are less shallow than you , that 's how it happened . 
  last thing you want to do is be passive-aggressive towards him . 
  i 'd avoid him and humour him when i had to be around him . 
  if you 're passive-aggressive towards him ( assuming that he acts like a douche as an over-compensation for low self-esteem ) will only make him more douchey because he 'll feel under threat . 
  if you were taking it in regularly i would say that it sounds like they 're acting in bad faith . 
  i 'd go back and tell them that you 've contacted a lawyer who says that you have a case and do n't want to sue them but will since the ring is important to you . 
  my hotmail account , it 's been active for about 14 years , still use the same one . 
  yeh all williams are assholes, 
  edit : for those telling me that i 'm misjudging williams , please look at op 's username . 
  that 's why you say your cousin/uncle/brother is a lawyer, 
  same but it makes my joke way funnier if i pretend, 
  see that - frontpage button on the right , give it a press for those subreddits, 
  either buried ( ryan reynolds ) or glitter, 
  sniffing my dirty underwear just before i throw them into the basket, 
  then do n't go the the / all queue . 
  instead press the reddit symbol in the top right corner to get you back to the homepage and then click new, 
  holding strong !, 
  i still use it for msn messenger too . 
  i 'm old school baby, 
  if only you too increaseyourpenissize@hotmail instead , would 've been worth millions now, 
  all in a day 's work, 
  even being a girl that 's shameful, 
  my underwear certainly are, 
  says he plays xbox live , spells things with a k. story checks out guys . 
  shit that 's why i 'd been doing it, 
  could be the daughter 's porn, 
  do n't cook bacon . 
  no-one makes that mistake twice . 
  instrument ? 
  at least it does n't bite you in the lackofforeskin, 
  considered to be continents everywhere in the world . 
  you are certainly crazy . 
  because they 're trying to find a nice way to say no, 
  it 's illegal to * not * vote in australia , we get a fine . 
  from my experience of working in an almost exclusively mormon workplace , mormons are split into either massive sluts/manwhores who completely act out and then feel really bad for it or people that are so nice that they make you feel uncomfortable ( my old manager re-tiled his employee 's mother 's roof ) . 
   you believe in the ** second ** most retarded bunch of bullshit imaginable . 
  you forgot scientologists, 
  do you feel the same way about people who believe the world was created in 6 days ? 
  underpants, 
  you do n't need to actually type bold the asterisks will suffice, 
  hazelnut, 
  see that top button at the top of your screen ? 
  you forgot homeopathy practitioners, 
  that it 's a blight on society ( several studies are now showing that religious people are less happy , give less charity , are more likely to be imprisoned etc. ), 
  and i wish it was n't considered indecent to say that i do n't think it 's fair to teach children to believe absurdities and that one should n't question . 
  why are you leaving at midnight ? 
  that sounds really dangerous . 
  extreme fatigue on the road is a killer . 
  ask a question on askreddit and people will look out of courtesy .
