  they may be good friends in other ways just emotionally limited . 
  it sucks but there are people out there that are good at dealing with these things . 
  iw ish you the best of luck, 
  it 's not even that . 
  just do n't be a cock . 
  i would never , ever , ever cheat . 
  not because i love my so but because it 's a fucking horrible thing to do . 
  if you want to fuck around , go for your life . 
  if you ca n't be monogamous , do n't try to be . 
  no-one is saying that you have to . 
  what you 're doing is selfish and is going to end with her getting hurt . 
  do n't be a cock . 
  maybe . 
  they 're still generally cocks anyway . 
  i would n't personally support them . 
  i think it depends on what sort of thing you 're talking about . 
  if they see a brain tumor , it would be unethical to not tell you . 
  `` i do not fear death . 
  i had been dead for billions and billions of years before i was born , and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it . '', 
  - mark twain, 
  sometimes when a man loves a woman very much they give each other special cuddles . 
  other times , when a man prefers the cock , he gives those special cuddles to other men . 
  did an awesome hands-on cooking course with the chef from my favourite restaurant and then sat around eating mountains of awesome food with him and the other 6 people in the course . 
  i 'm fairly certain that currency has been around longer than vending machines . 
  it would n't be that hard to know if you 've done an iq test . 
  if your score is about 135 + you 're in the top 1 % comfortably . 
  i ca n't remember the exact score you 'd need but i know that an iq of 140 means you 're in the top 0.025 % . 
  use internet explorer, 
  ask questions . 
  `` anything planned for the weekend ? '', 
  `` how 's work/uni ? '', 
  `` how 's the girl/boyfriend '', 
  well , i worked it out a few months ago when i was driving to my girlfriend 's house . 
  hold on , let me go back a bit . 
  i was born in 1989 ... 
  conversely , do n't forget about tabs . 
  my girlfriend regularly has 3 google chromes open ( i finally made her get rid of ie ) and each has 6 tabs open . 
  the worst part is , the same website will be open 2/3 times and she 's just forgotten about it . 
  go to a doctor . 
  it 's not appropriate to ask medical questions on here . 
  seriously , anyone who knows enough about medicine to give good advice also knows how stupid it is to give medical advice over the internet to someone you ca n't see/diagnose . 
  the only people who will give you advice are people who know little enough to think they should say something . 
  suit yourself but it 's very stupid . 
  my house key . 
  it leads to my bed , my computer , my girlfriend and my wine . 
  how do pixies work ? 
  our questions make as much sense to ask . 
  because everyone wants to be a part of the in-group they consider to be cooler . 
  we can share the wine , 
   if america became too fascist, 
  ahhh melodramatic americans on reddit . 
  how you entertain me with your lack of perspective . 
  anything you feel a part of can be an ingroup, 
  do n't do anything you do n't feel comfortable doing . 
  that being said , there 's a big difference between 2 glasses of wine and drinking a bottle of vodka . 
  a little bit of alcohol is fun , a lot of alcohol is dangerous . 
  all the people from r/ronpaul could go live together in a state . 
  i do n't care which , as long as it 's not mine . 
  i tried , did n't work :(, 
  nothing like porn . 
  do n't do it for an ego boost . 
  try your best to just stay in the moment and enjoy sharing the experience . 
  you 're going to be shit at it . 
  lots of foreplay . 
  i 've read that in journal articles before ( assignment on obesity in children ) and it seems to be fairly widely accepted . 
  i 'm sure there * are * interventions and it 's impossible to project when a ` game-changer ' breakthrough will dramatically increase lifespan but it seems like it may be true . 
  if you eat it , you no longer have it . 
  ie. , you ca n't have it both ways . 
  in the list of things you probably wo n't ever see , `` breaking news : billionaire gives up wealth because guy camped outside '' is pretty high on the list . 
  swing and a miss, 
  is smearing it on your body not effective ? 
  no problems at all , i 'll do anything to avoid my assignment . 
  he was clearly coming on to you . 
  you would absorb at least a portion of it as nutrients . 
  also , the poop will decompose . 
  the cake is a lie . 
  i played wow for a little under a year and logged 130 days of playing time . 
  some people would be stuck in incredible pain for way too long, 
   attempting to do some awesome shuffling, 
  there was your first problem, 
  halo 2 ? 
  fuck i 'm old . 
  on holiday ( in another state ) with my dad and sister ( i was 10 , she was 13 ) . 
  my dad was getting sick of me and my sister just wanting to watch tv the whole time and decided to go off and do some work . 
  we then decided to play a game where one person lies on their back with their legs straight up and the other balances on their feet , pretending to be flying ( awesome when you 're that age ) . 
  anyway , this got boring and i decided it was n't high enough so we then tried it on the couch . 
  needless to say , she did n't have the same balance and i fell off her feet , landing wrist first into the ground and shattering my growth plate . 
  on the plus side , i got laughing gas before the ambulance ride !, 
  fuck and never call ? 
  you probably grip too hard . 
  ca n't google the exact name because i 'm at work but there 's something called traumatic masturbatory syndrome ( or something similar ), 
  there 's plenty of stuff you can learn about all sorts of areas that inform your knowledge about psychology , that does n't mean it 's relevant for this subreddit . 
  i 'm a little bit disappointed to see a moderator posting this sort of fluff . 
  agreed . 
  very sad to see this from a mod and it should be removed if this subreddit has any standards . 
  correct . 
  it would n't be appropriate for me to post a genetics article , unless it was directly related to psychology , even though all psychology students/practitioners should be well versed in genetics . 
  go donate some blood . 
  you could save a life which will then affect many others . 
  okay , the first responder to a sexual assault victim is * very * important .
