  yeh the big pharma conspiracy angle is really bizarre because they 're not the only people doing research . 
  if i 'm a university researcher and i find some herb that cures cancer , i 'll gladly accept my nobel prize . 
  hard to know what to tell you without seeing her . 
  tl ; dr free will is an illusion but a meaningful one because intentions still matter . 
  no matter how many people disagree with you , you have science on your side and therefore win . 
  backdoor sluts 9, 
  noooo . 
  do n't walk away . 
  just listen , do n't try to fix . 
  hear what she 's upset about . 
  she wants to feel heard and understood in those moments . 
  she wants to feel safe . 
  be patient and allow her to be emotional . 
  you 're trying to fix it because ** you ** feel uncomfortable with her being emotional , not because there 's actually anything wrong with it . 
  thanks for such a detailed answer !, 
  get new/different friends, 
  you 're clearly not an expert if you 're recommending that someone with an illness self-medicates with weed . 
  is your mood generally down otherwise or are you just finding interactions with your friends unfulfilling ? 
  sounds like you need new friends or new activities, 
  getting caught in a rip at a secluded australian beach and swimming against it until i was almost completely out of energy and started having a panic attack . 
  you 'd potentially freak him out but it 's hard to know without knowing * him * . 
  me and my so have joked about it and i would n't like it if she proposed to me because ( even though it would save me a lot of money ) i 'm looking forward to doing it . 
  for all you know , he 's already bought a ring . 
  also , he may not be ready . 
  but , it 's up to you , you know him better than us . 
  i do n't know . 
  something smells fishy about this . 
  that account has been spamming those pictures for days now . 
  i see it all the time in the mod queue for askreddit . 
  it 's fucking weird and i ca n't for the life of me work out why he 's doing it . 
  you 're so , so bizarre . 
  stop following me around randomly commenting on my psychology degree . 
  it 's weird and pointless and nowhere near as upsetting as you think . 
  i know !, 
  if we have karma going into the wrong hands it will ruin the karmconomy . 
  yes , my scientific degree which gives me research opportunities as well as a career providing help for people is truly useless . 
  when i grow up , hopefully i can live up to your stellar example . 
  thanks pal . 
  stds . 
  i almost have bingo . 
  fat disposal function . 
  no more watching what i eat . 
  actually , people with amygdala damage really suffer . 
  fear is a functional part of being a human , we need it . 
  i think it would be much less satisfying if it was mandatory . 
  recent studies show a link to [ dopamine ] ( http://www.livescience.com/20026-brain-dopamine-worker-slacker.html ) which is a brain chemical . 
  you do n't need the grades right now but learning some work ethic will do you a world of good in university . 
  also , stop eating so much you idiot . 
  it took a lot of hard work to get rid of that . 
  never lived up to potential , had a breakdown , got help , started living up to potential , now life is awesome . 
  on the run from the law for what ? 
  if i did that , my girlfriend would n't think i 'm funny anymore, 
  give me a category ( e.g. , violent , fraudulent , stealing , white collar etc. ), 
  he looks really happy, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/c.cgi?u=puns ) is easily my favourite maddox article ever . 
  that really depends on what you 're trying to achieve . 
  changes in the brain that will show up on a scan require a few hours of practise . 
  if your result is enjoying the process and the clarity that comes along with it , you can get that on your first try . 
  if you want to be `` enlightened '' that really depends on your definition . 
  i walked in on my mum and step-dad once . 
  my mum come out and asked me if i knew what was happening , to which i responded '' [ my step-dad 's name ] was doing it to you '' . 
  she tells that story often . 
  my advice , do n't be afraid to get help . 
  seeing a psychologist changed my life . 
  trying to get laid ? 
  well , if you have a close enough relationship you can suggest therapy . 
  either way , being a supportive friend is generally the best answer . 
  when i was going through my depression i avoided all of my friends but some of them kept trying anyway . 
  it meant a lot to me . 
  it really sounds like she needs help though , if you can , try to encourage her to talk to a psychologist . 
  ask her about it then . 
  if she 's not still going talk to her about finding a different therapist that she `` clicks '' better with . 
  otherwise , taking an interest in the process ( assuming she 's comfortable talking about it ) may help you realise that she 's currently grappling with the issues you 're worried about . 
  it will also open the door for you asking her how you can best support her . 
  did you read the question ? 
  if yes ... creepy . 
  glad to hear you 're getting out . 
  i do n't think i could ever forgive cheating and you 're right , you deserve better . 
  also , glad you 're not talking about revenge . 
  best next step is to move on with your life . 
  neither of them are worth it . 
  monogamy did n't ruin the relationship , cheating and lying did . 
  if she was n't capable of being in a monogamous relationship she should n't have been in one but to suggest monogamy is innately flawed is ridiculous . 
  when i want to understand women , i go to the catholic church . 
  while this * is * a cool picture , i do n't really get how this is about, 
   recent scientific research , science news and discoveries , reviews , or critical responses to studies . 
  or a, 
   direct link to : the study itself , the researchers ' or universities ' summary , a peer-reviewed article or a direct summary, 
  perhaps it 's better in / r/pics ? 
  surely people notice after a while . 
  if i were caught fucking a duck i would run too, 
  can we please avoid the incredibly easy `` pussy '' jokes . 
  they were barely funny when i was 13 , they 're not funny now . 
  that 's because france does n't have le renard nouvelles ( fox news ), 
  that 's because the `` new '' thing you 're seeing on facebook was on reddit a few days earlier . 
  exactly this . 
  overall , jesus ' message was one of acceptance and love , not judgement . 
  i find it so bizarre when christians focus on the couple of homosexuality passages but ignore :, 
   `` he who is without sin among you , let him be the first to throw a stone at her . '', 
  and,
