  i 'm really terrible at focussing on one thing at a ti ... oo a squirrel, 
  edit : i should probably mention that i 'm at work right now . 
  a series of tubes, 
  are ... are you in prison ? 
  ... you 're a douche, 
  nice try , my so 's fake account . 
  i study psychology and plan to be a therapist . 
  that 's a good rule but it 's important to realise that there is n't always a happy medium . 
  also , many times your partner is n't actually seeking a solution and just wants to be listened to . 
  if you try to ` fix ' everything it might not actually satisfy your partner even though it seems like that 's what they 're asking for . 
  i ca n't think of a good answer . 
  or the contemporary stuff on terror management theory . 
  there are n't good books but if youhave access to scientific papers it 's fascinating, 
  as presented by becker it 's controversial as it 's still quite neo-freudian and empirically hard to test . 
  that being said , 20 years of papers on mortality salience have shown a moderate effect so there is some foundation . 
  that 's some really good advice . 
  thanks , i 'll try it . 
  not caring if they 're cool, 
  1 ) in grade 5 i convinced a substitute teacher my name is lucy . 
  being that i 'm a boy she said `` come on , that 's not your real name '' at which point i started crying and asked her what 's wrong with the name lucy . 
  needless to say she was very nice to lucy for the rest of the day . 
  2 ) i convinced a really well behaved kid in my class to send a letter about how bad one of our teachers were ( that i wrote for him ) and got it signed by his parents . 
  she was n't working at the school the following year . 
  the thing you need to understand is that we can say fairly certainly that evolution as a concept will not be proven wrong . 
  it 's fairly likely that elements of it or mechanisms involved are wrong but it is 100 % certain that evolution exists . 
  we see genetic mutations every day . 
  if anything came along it would be an addition to evolution not a replacement . 
  let him practise surgery on you ? 
  rainbows are awesome . 
  who would n't want to be associated with them, 
  you know what colour is on rainbows though ... red . 
  that 's right , they 're just hiding the fact that they 're socialists . 
  oh ... my ... god . 
  this is going on beck 's black board . 
  the world must know, 
  i 'd be naked a lot more, 
  unless he 's an asshole or you 're proselytizing there 's no issue . 
  if you try to convince him it 's right , it wo n't end well . 
  just tell him what you believe and why . 
  but it goes both ways , you have to listen to why he does n't believe, 
  audiobooks . 
  more distracting, 
  exactly . 
  whether a ` reasonable ' member of the faith would do the same thing is irrelevant . 
  these people are telling us why they 're doing it . 
  make sure she talks to her dad about it , explaining you like eachother and it 's not just a fling . 
  you 're not a bad person , it 's okay . 
  you 're clearly not attracted to babies you were just exploring and got scared . 
  that 's fine , if nothing else it 's good and means you know that 's not who you are . 
  you should n't worry about being tracked or anything . 
  that being said , if it 's still upsetting you it might be worth talking to a professional psychologist . 
  anything you tell them is confidential and they can help you work through it . 
  you accidentally a question, 
  an amazing pokemon mmo, 
  masturbating ? 
  yes . 
  not me but my cousin was annoyed by her sister using her iphone to change her status to `` derpina loves cock in her ear '' and in response threw her own phone across the room , breaking it . 
  i should mention that she 's 32 and a doctor, 
  i 'm still freaking out about the millennium bug, 
  can i pay $ 120 to stop you from doing that ? 
  you can kill yourself all you like but fuck you if you endanger me or my family, 
  yes, 
  slightly ? 
  it 's ashame that destroying america would be distasteful but scoring points for chaos in a random vietnam-like place is totally cool, 
  jeff buckley - vocals , lead guitar, 
  3 other people . 
  i do n't care . 
  flawless victory, 
  yeh . . 
  i ca n't top this response . 
  reddit or my beard . 
  thanks because it 's been in my face for ages . 
  because then people wo n't want to hear about my emo drama, 
  do n't choke . 
  whatever you do . 
  do not even think about choking . 
  it will only make you more likely to choke . 
  try to have a bad day after looking at a baby dolphin . 
  i fucking dare you . 
  my name is leonardo , i was named after a turtle . 
  comic sans is as bad a name as it is a font . 
  your grandfather was a sock ? 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  you 're like the worst canadian ever . 
  weird . 
  can i do my thesis on you ? 
  what ... the ... fuck, 
  in europe they tend to wear aprons so they do n't get seal blood on themselves . 
  imagine how hard it would be for him to ride that hoverboard now . 
  too soon ? 
  it 's too late you country music hillbilly, 
  no-one believes that he had friends with him, 
  the world is actually doing far , far better than it has ever done . 
  we can just see a lot more chaos because of the speed information travels . 
  stop drinking then, 
  so proud of you, 
  and that 's why you do n't house sit for people that own a korean restaurant . 
  nice try , bono, 
  hookers without borders,
