  way to completely miss the point of what i said . 
  early dunk of the year contender ? 
  my last job was writing up incident reports about accidents in hospitals/nursing homes . 
  whenever someone in a hospital/nursing home in ( that particular state ) got the wrong medicine , got some unclean surgical tools or had a fall , they had to tell my team about it . 
  terrifying . 
  you made a small mistake in your title . 
  removed for breaking several rules . 
  btw - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dysthymia, 
  hey buddy , i missed you too, 
  posting any personal information will result in a ban . 
  i feel like my markers get bored so i try to keep them interested by doing each line a slightly different colour . 
  apparently i gave you too much credit . 
  your comment would be far less stupid if it was a novelty . 
  this is n't about censorship , this is about protecting the users from malicious attempts on them . 
  if you ca n't see the difference , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  excellent question . 
  you 're welcome to post information that is * private * , what you ca n't do is post any information that would ** identify a single person ** . 
  so , you 're welcome to tell us about your deepest and darkest secrets as long as you do n't give any information that would lead to a specific person . 
  one important thing to remember is that as we have no way of verifying whether the op is being truthful , we ca n't allow people to present personal information even if they say it 's their own . 
  can you give me an example ? 
  we ban on the first offence . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't prevent anyone else from doing it . 
  what i can do is try to protect the askreddit users . 
  as long as it was n't too specific it 's fine . 
  we tried enforcing that as a rule and it did n't go well . 
  you 'll never know !, 
  edit : unless you look at [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/13s0o9/modpost_personal_information_and_you_why_zero/c76o8er ), 
  no stress at all buddy, 
  publicly available information is different . 
  for example , you 're welcome to post mitt romney 's twitter account but not his personal address . 
  i wish that everyone who does n't want to vaccinate their kids had to first ask my grandfather about how much fun polio was . 
  i do n't know , it was an attempt at an example . 
  i 'm australian . 
  use your common sense . 
  if it 's really important to you to post something and you 're not sure , just ask the mods . 
  we 'd prefer you to ask us than post it . 
  not unless it can be used to track you down in some way . 
  if they 're a celebrity that 's obviously fine . 
  depends on how publicly available the information is . 
  have been for months , just do n't distinguish unless there 's reason to . 
  correct . 
  how are we supposed to know that it 's actually you and you 're not using someone else 's name ? 
  we make blanket rules to protect people . 
  you do n't * lose * anything by not posting your name . 
  aww , that 's sweet . 
  you 've got quite a high number from me too . 
  best to ask the mods of / r/tattoos, 
  ask the mods of / r/iama, 
  genuinely , we take people 's kids away if they do n't get adequate healthcare for them . 
  why is n't not vaccinating enough cause ? 
  subjecting your children to potentially getting dozens of fatal illnesses seems like neglect to me . 
  too many people did n't follow and it just became a nightmare, 
  i would recommend to anyone stupid enough to do that they change their name but i wo n't ban someone for that . 
  unless your name is john smith , no . 
  it 's hard to police scattered info, 
  we could n't make it work, 
  how do we know it 's actually your name and you 're not giving someone else 's ? 
  that 's fine, 
  ca n't tell you, 
  it was a joke, 
  see faq 3, 
  we 're not going to ban you for your username . 
  impractical with 2.5 million users, 
  i 'm not going to ban him for his username , that 'd be impossible to maintain . 
  at that point , he 's only going to harm himself . 
  we judge on a case-by-case, 
  i ca n't control all of reddit, 
  100 % we do n't want those posts on askreddit anyway . 
  that 's not the point of the sub . 
  see faq 3, 
  i 'm not an admin , ask them . 
  ask us if unsure , we ca n't see everything so some slip through . 
  they do n't just expose themselves , they expose others too . 
  no one should be able to deny their children healthcare, 
  tell the admins , they take that stuff very seriously, 
  i think you mean dissociative identity disorder, 
  that would break other rules anyway, 
  i 'm only in charge of askreddit , not other subs, 
  if in doubt , ask us first . 
  that would break rule 5 anyway, 
  that 's up to the / r/iama mods, 
  see faq 3, 
  when i say zero tolerance i just mean that we do n't give warnings . 
  we will ban on the first offence . 
  if you see something like that , please message the mods with a link, 
  yeah , that 's fine, 
  you do it for a reason andrew , you love the e-fame . 
  i did not understand that second sentence at all, 
  i did n't agree with that but at the time i was outvoted . 
  this post is n't exactly codified , it 's just something i wrote up in a sleepy haze in an attempt to curb the bs like that tsa post . 
  i get what you 're saying though, 
   3 ) please do n't post poll-type or yes/no answer questions . 
  you make a post about changing the rules but do n't want to go to the effort to follow them yourself ? 
  well , i 've removed your post either way . 
  being a dick to mods is a sure-fire way to get what you want . 
  true story . 
  i 'm really excited about both matchups - they 're the two to watch this game - but i really think dragic/lowry will decide the game . 
  scola is obviously a better player but i like the change to the suns starting lineup . 
  how is it a repost if it 's from another website ? 
  i 'm sharing content .
