  i did n't call him one . 
  i 'm saying that was the undertone of what people thought of him . 
  the hulk 's fist when he 's on acid . 
  replication rate in cancer research is 11 % . 
  hello local_faggot !, 
  i 've removed your submission from iama . 
  if this request were fulfilled , it would be in violation of our posting guidelines , which are listed in our sidebar to the right . 
  at the risk of sounding verysmart myself , 90.8 % of people have iqs below 120 . 
  iq distributions are very well known ( mean = 100 , sd = 15 ) so no more than 10 seconds of googling can find you that answer . 
  also , given that he died 150 years before the first iq test was invented , i 'm sure newton would 've done better if he had n't been dead as long . 
   the only thing iq `` measures '' is how well you can do on that particular iq test . 
  that 's a pretty massive oversimplification . 
  while it 's a truism that is taught to undergrads to emphasise that iq testing is flawed , it still measures a real construct . 
  there are meaningful differences in cognitive ability between people with high iqs and low iqs . 
  to reduce it all to test-taking ability is silly . 
  or , you know , she did n't know about what travis browne allegedly did at the time . 
  holy shit , the bernie sanders and racist circlejerks are about to collide at high velocity . 
  1 ) racism is dead, 
  2 ) there is no current impact from any racism that happened in the past, 
  3 ) statistics ca n't be racist and african americans commit more crime, 
  4 ) therefore racism is justified . 
  but do n't worry , racism is dead . 
  so edgy, 
  this was already changed back a few days ago . 
  it 's exactly the same . 
  i ca n't think of a single difference . 
  keeps getting rolled back when i log on too . 
  i 'm 1.6180339887 of those people who feel that all the time . 
  he may be being manipulative , he may not be . 
  it 's possible he 's using it as a tool and it 's also possible that he 's just not aware of what 's appropriate . 
  it does n't actually matter because he 's not your responsibility . 
  if you want to talk to him and find out if he 's genuine you * can * , but just because he is possibly unwell does n't mean that it 's your job to help him . 
  if you do n't feel comfortable talking to him , i would say something like this :, 
   i 'm really sorry to hear that you 're going through a difficult time but i 'm not really able to give you what you need right now . 
  there are lots of services freely available ( feel free to link to a helpline or something ) but i do n't feel comfortable going any further , please respect my wishes . 
  you 're not his carer . 
  i 've heard they 're down for anything . 
   i am trying to think of something witty to say about / r/conspiracy here but i just ca n't think of anything . 
  sorry to disappoint folks, 
  no one expected you to come up with anything so we 're all good . 
  boy , that escalated quickly . 
  there are two important things to point out here :, 
  1 ) this issue has come up because people are n't simply standing outside a centre and complaining about abortions . 
  [ multiple reports ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-08-30/bill-proposes-safe-access-zones-around-abortion-clinics/6735394 ) describe disgusting behaviour directed at the women . 
  2 ) this is n't about protesting . 
  if they wanted to protest the laws , they would do it outside of parliament . 
  this is a deliberate attempt to harass women into changing their minds . 
  they 're not standing outside an abortion clinic and saying that they disagree with abortion though . 
  they 're approaching women as they get out of their cars and yelling at them . 
  this is n't a protest . 
  you seem to have accidentally clicked on reddit . 
  i think you were looking for voat . 
  hello j6sh !, 
  your post has been removed because this topic is n't suitable for / r/iama . 
  try posting in [ / r/casualiama ] ( http://reddit.com/r/casualiama ) instead . 
   a female protester was seen blocking a woman from leaving her car after she pulled up outside the clinic , speaking quietly to her as the clinic 's security guard tried to intervene . 
   another clip showed a protester stopping a couple on the street as they approached the clinic . 
   `` their ( the protester 's ) behaviour can be quite like stalking , so they will walk behind someone in their space , they will go up to the car and make it difficult for them to get out of their car . 
   `` they can film patients sometimes . 
  generally it 's just very distressing and confronting . '', 
  this is n't people crossing a protest line , it 's protestors actively harassing vulnerable women . 
  not enough guns obviously . 
  what you do n't understand is that guns work like diseases and mr burns . 
  you just need enough guns to make sure that none of them work anymore . 
  wait , you 're saying that when they move to a country with no money and a language difference they do n't instantly get a high paying job ? 
  have they considered wanting it more ? 
  [ f ] want to see my gully ? 
  you 're not interested in his leg slip ? 
  statistics ca n't be racist / s, 
  it 's a common cry of a specific type of racist that can be often found on reddit . 
  they generally post a long diatribe about higher rates of crime for african americans without appropriate context and when challenged yell `` stats ca n't be racist '' . 
  naturopath explains why she quit the profession and now tries to talk out about pseudoscience . 
   that 's what in hell , not the nonsensical what the hell . 
  your assertion is that it does n't matter how the world behaves , so that you will not compare other standards to your own , only how you are affected . 
   what determines mental capacity other than age ? 
  i 'll bet you refuse any objective qualifier ( such as learning or iq ) . 
  when i was 11 and 12 i went to college with 18-yeareds , and qualified for every entry-level class . 
  you can only project your shortcomings onto everyone . 
   i spend most of my time in dictionaries ( and grew up with dictionaries ) to see how the world has becomen more rotten ; english has been dead for 1000 years after the norman conquest and is not productive in other than compound words and slang ; professionals in commonwealth steal words from other languages , mistranslated , and misapply them amids english talk . 
  dog does not mean doghouse yet psycho is expected to mean psychopath and pedo pedophile . 
  these lackwits can not respect word boundaries nor the roots ' meanings . 
  p\u00e6do - does n't mean child - ; it means kid - . 
  literally it refers to someone who is fed and shares a root with father and food . 
  a child is someone born , to a parent , a son or dauhter . 
  a grownup is a child . 
  a teen is a child but not a kid . 
  child in hell\u00e8nic is tecno . 
  a filo is a friend and filia means friendship ; it has nothing to do with sex . 
  contrast with erastia which means lovership , eros for love , erast\u00e8s for lover , and eromenos for beloved . 
  the substantive in a compound goes first . 
  therefore a p\u00e6dofilo is a kidfriend , a kid who is a friend ( after boyfriend , girlfriend , etc. 
  ) ; someone who loves kids is a erastop\u00e6dia . 
  like in english , hell\u00e8nic does n't distinguish between love of mind and body and context is important to determine a word 's meaning . 
  if you consider the literal meanings of words your world uses , you 'd know how twisted , absurd , and perverted it is , and may think of better , narrower terms that befit the subject more . 
  that 's some serious verysmart shit right there . 
   i 'm almost certain she 's schizophrenic, 
  based on what diagnostic criteria doc ? 
   i 'm almost certain, 
  is fairly definitive . 
  either way , it was just a joke .
