  did you name your socks ? 
  it 's certainly surreal, 
  because the barriers to entry into space travel are still too great and it 's better for society if private companies start trying to develop the technology needed . 
  i 've got really bad mammaries about pun threads . 
  let 's just stop it right here . 
  irrespective of how you see yourself right now you did an amazing job and i 'm proud of you even if you 're not . 
  it 's worked several times - i went on dates and acted like a gentleman , asked sincere questions and listened to the answers . 
  practice being a nice guy will teach you how to be good on dates and good in relationships . 
  i just got over 1000 upvotes for `` this is great advice for anyone , not just gay people . '', 
  my second most upvotes is about peeing in the shower . 
  i give up . 
  ps : i assume you 're talking to me specifically and i love you too, 
  dibs watching, 
  you 're just jealous because you ca n't get it down the drain from outside the shower . 
  expected lsd in the cake . 
  i am disappointed . 
  no problems with peeing in the shower or most forms of grossness . 
  i just do n't want my own jizz in my mouth . 
  same thing happened to me ( i lost 100lbs ) but it 'll come with time . 
  for now , just enjoy that they 're saying nice things . 
  i have an amazing job where i have no supervisors , only do 30 minutes of work a day and have explicit permission to use the rest of the time for uni work . 
  oh and i get paid way more than i 'm worth . 
  i fucking love it . 
  just keep it cool, 
  `` you 're much more flexible than you look '', 
  some advertisers pay per page view as well . 
  i wan na * sob * be the very best too * sob * * sob *, 
  i once cried during a rom-com called [ the family man ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0218967/ ) because i was heartbroken at the time . 
  i was at the cinema with my mum/sister too , not my finest hour . 
  also , i was 13 . 
  also , i 've cried several times watching garden state and although it 's not a movie but i cried every time i watched [ my screw up ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/my_screw_up ) which is an episode of scrubs . 
  diagrams needed . 
  for science !, 
  easy . 
  brad pitt from fight club . 
  it 's what i think of at the gym when i need to fire myself up . 
  once he hits high school it starts getting awkward . 
  `` i do n't think we 're headed in the right direction and do n't think we have a future . '', 
  i 'm significantly closer than i was !, 
  i hate religious lobbies . 
  nothing against religious people but trying to enforce your religious beliefs on everyone else is really wrong . 
  long island iced tea, 
  delicious and efficient, 
  cookies and cream, 
  amanda seyfried ? 
  slow your breathing , in through your nose , out through your mouth . 
  try to think about why it 's making you so mad . 
  is there something it brings up for you besides the event itself ? 
  try to think about who you 're angry at and what the actual damage is . 
  if you 're angry at someone else it 's worth realising that at this point the only person you 're hurting by feeling mad is yourself and you can use this as a learning experience about that person . 
  you now know they 're a bad friend because of x and it probably means nothing about you . 
  i like you but i just do n't think i can see us working long term and respect you too much to pretend otherwise . 
  why do n't you tell us the details , it will make it easier to help you . 
  some of it was over 3 decades ago, 
  fuck i feel old right now . 
  so you did the right thing in the situation , that 's all you can do . 
  i always try to remind myself that it 's only worth getting upset about the things i * can * control . 
  if it 's bad enough you should move jobs but at the end of the day you did the right thing and you should be proud of that . 
  i think that 's the official definition . 
  i hate you . 
  sing a song about not being jesus, 
  we 're fundamentally different people . 
  for example , i would want to raise my kids as atheists but that would be a problem for you . 
  it 's nothing personal , i think you 're great but i just think we 're better as friends than a couple . 
  ask a doctor . 
  do not take any other advice from this thread . 
  you ** need ** to spend some time apart before you can be friends . 
  get some space and work out what you want and then contact him in a month if you both still want to be friends . 
  i went to a jewish school growing up and we were taught to do this out of respect . 
  we even had to write ` him ', 
  love shack, 
  even if you 're looking at it from a mathematical perspective i do n't think a plague that wiped out half the population would make the other half twice as happy . 
  also , how is it decided which half ? 
  is it random ? 
  are families broken up ? 
  is it decided on utility ? 
  it really is quite an enjoyable song . 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  would help if we knew anything about him/her , maybe even a gender . 
  that hedonism is n't tenable because life is more complicated than that . 
  i returned at 22 . 
  i know it 's not that old but it was still an adjustment . 
  was/is going well for me, 
  agreed . 
  you 're far more likely to just vomit . 
  beneficial on what basis ? 
  you 're just making assertions and not actually saying what you mean . 
  also , your attempts to make yourself sound smart in your response to me show that clearly you clearly know nothing about genetics and just make me think you 're an idiot . 
  exactly . 
  australia is just as , if not more multi-cultural than america . 
  i do n't have an answer , i just want to commend you on your username . 
  does being asleep count ? 
  if so , about 8 hours . 
  human sized chess board . 
  just search for ` cat ' on youtube . 
  ca n't be that many results . 
  blade runner, 
  no but that 's mainly because i 'm sane . 
  well it would be silly not to make it blacks against whites . 
  would be a waste of money otherwise .
