  because we are in / r/science which is curated . 
  if you click through there are no removed comments . 
  did you click on the article ? 
  because it links to the peer reviewed paper in a very well respected journal . 
  for context , the personality lab at my university have fake mbti profiles on their door as a joke . 
  the big 5 is the gold standard and incredibly robust . 
  the mbti has no scientific support . 
  i found a new link , 
  who is the you in the sentence ? 
  the mod team or is it a general question for any user ? 
  as a subreddit we spend a lot of time and effort educating the public about climate science . 
  i know several moderators have made significant changes in their personal life but we do n't have a collective fundraiser or anything like that , if that 's what you 're asking for . 
  there are also now twice as many solar jobs in america as there are coal jobs . 
  changing to the new economy can actually stimulate incredible job and gdp growth . 
  such a slap in the face to have characters that are paygated for months and then have them lead to an important character . 
  * wave *, 
  and the other is an organisation of some of the best lawyers in america . 
  all three are * really * legit . 
  that 's certainly true of some but there 's also a lot of concern trolling that happens too . 
  the reality is that a belief can be harmful to a marginalised community even if the intent is n't malicious . 
  you may genuinely believe that being gay is a choice and want gay people to know that for benevolent reasons but that does n't make public proclamations of your position less damaging . 
  i think an important distinction to make here is that we absolutely want people to discuss this difficult topic . 
  we are having an entire week of amas about being trans because we think discussing the science is immensely important . 
  you are absolutely allowed to ask _ why _ being trans is n't a mental illness . 
  that 's literally the entire point and we have experts speaking to that exact topic . 
  what we wo n't allow is people asserting anti-science positions as fact , especially when they do so as a cudgel . 
  genuine inquiry is always welcome here and it 's how people learn . 
  i 've tried to address this in the sticky, 
   furthermore , what kind of scientific discussion is to be had when the moderators , the should-be neutral party , publishes their own take ? 
  if we are not to discuss the relationship of transgenderism and mental illness ( as there is plenty ) what is to be discused ? 
  these discussions are had in academic journals and expert panels , not internet forums . 
  we are a science subreddit and we treat anti-science comments about global warming the same as we do about trans people . 
  we are n't neutral , we are here to proliferate scientific knowledge . 
  the science of gravity is n't settled but we can sure make some useful statements about it . 
  there are plenty of questions to ask on every topic but the overwhelming evidence is that being trans is n't a mental illness, 
  have a look at the link provided, 
  no humans are complicated and this is still a very new area . 
  it 's an analogy . 
  we literally invited guests to speak on that exact topic . 
  we 've also linked to pages of explanation of why . 
  we do n't tell the guests what to say . 
  we invited experts . 
  you seem to be confusing `` our narrative '' with the declared position of all relevant psychology bodies, 
  the problem is that the venue to challenge scientific orthodoxy is in journals with scientific evidence . 
  that 's how the position of the apa changed in the first place . 
  this is a fairly nuanced question and we certainly invite inquiry based on this line of thinking . 
  i encourage you to ask some of our experts about the accuracy of your position . 
  to be clear , we are n't banning * positions * , we are banning those who claim that all trans people are mentally ill as a cudgel to harm both the trans * and mentally ill communities . 
  as i stated in the sticky above , you are never going to be banned for asking genuine questions . 
   not everyone even agrees that there is such thing as `` gender identity '' in the first place . 
  the point is that you are entitled to believe whatever you like . 
  you 're entitled to believe the world is flat or that it 's 6,000 years old or that the day you were born predicts your future . 
  but , like any question in science , that personal opinion has no bearing on the scientific consensus unless you do the work to become an expert and publish something that says you 're right . 
  until then , it 's just your opinion . 
  since we 're a science subreddit and not a `` your opinion '' subreddit , only the former is relevant for our purposes . 
   not necessarily a bad goal , but it seems somewhat intellectually dishonest . 
  it 's an important distinction because there 's a difference between something that is a minority characteristic and something that is a mental illness and in need of treatment . 
  the existence of genders that do n't match biological sex are important to understand as normal variation within our species , just as homosexuality is . 
  to call it a mental illness harms the discourse and maligns the trans * and mental illness communities . 
  sure . 
  anyone can make replies as long as they meet our normal rules . 
  personal experience can be useful as long as it 's not stated as scientific fact . 
  exactly !, 
  it 's the difference between asking questions about global warming that you do n't understand and going around a post claiming that it 's all a hoax . 
  which is why we are spending a whole week educating people and allowing them to ask questions !, 
  go for it !, 
  ( respectfully ) ask hard questions , just do n't assume you know better than the experts on the topic . 
  you should definitely ask climate scientists to explain things you do n't understand or intuitively disagree with , just do n't assume that you know better based on googling or your gut feeling . 
  i did not . 
  we ban people who make anti-scientific declarations in a range of topics . 
  if you go around posting that climate change is a hoax everywhere your fate is the same . 
  we are a science subreddit . 
  we have , in the past , sometimes hosted amas from fringe elements in different fields but it can be a problematic practice . 
  the maligning comes in the form of labelling behaviours that are not socially normative or you do n't like as necessarily the product of mental illness . 
  it implies that the mentally ill are just a grab bag of negative behaviours and not a specific set of defined illnesses with empirically based diagnostic criteria . 
  terminology matters . 
  calling gay people mentally ill implies that their attraction to the same gender needs to be fixed , instead of them living their lives happily with a same sex partner ( s ) . 
  we help trans * people live a happy life by allowing them to live as they feel comfortable , not by trying to fix their belief that they have a nonmatching gender identity . 
   as far as i know , there is no scientific proof or consensus that there is such a thing as gender identity . 
  that could not be less true . 
  because of the limitations of this as a forum mean that the scientifically backed answers do n't always float to the top . 
  we are a science subreddit catering to a mostly lay audience . 
  3 % of scientists do n't think global warming is real . 
  there are fringe elements in every field . 
   i hope this does n't sound sarcastic because i have never been able to find anything about the innate feeling of gender that is independent of society , gender roles , or physical sex . 
  those are all elements of it . 
  gender is socially defined and influenced by a range of factors . 
   you ca n't even begin to make a statement like this until there are decades of research under the belt . 
  firstly , there is . 
  second , please tell that to the relevant psychology institutions . 
  sorry , i was too busy helping my uncle jack off a horse . 
  you 're right , i missed a comma . 
  was typing on mobile and i got lazy . 
  have a look at the link in the op, 
  of course . 
  we care about the science here . 
  hi periodicallytabled , your submission has been removed for the following reason ( s ), 
  it does not include references to new , peer-reviewed research . 
  please feel free to post it in our sister subreddit / r/everythingscience . 
  * if you feel this was done in error , or would like further clarification , please do n't hesitate to [ message the mods ] ( http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fscience&amp;message=my%20post:%20https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/6q1842/what_science_has_to_say_about_gender_identity/ ) .
