  the internet 's worst aspect is also it 's biggest strength . 
  whoever you are , whatever you feel/think/like , you can find people who feel/think/like very similarly to you . 
  what that means is that people can find confirmation for whatever they believe . 
  it 's a wonderful thing , especially for those who are isolated and lonely , but everyone deserves to find `` their people '' . 
  the problem is that this often leads to `` circlejerks '' where fringe opinions quickly become the norm . 
  it also means that you can spread misinformation like wildfire . 
  i hear science news on reddit just as fast as some alternative medicine quack can read about how amazing homeopathy is . 
  i 've also read that more specifically , it 's a way of spreading information about those who do not co-operate/adhere to social norms . 
  in small groups , knowing who shares and can be trusted is one of the most important things . 
  [ link to sciencedaily article ] ( http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/10/121008082953.htm ) . 
  i have no idea . 
  if i sell you a couch and it does n't perform it 's most basic function ( holding your weight ) , i do n't just have to give you a new couch , i 'm liable for any damage done to you . 
  why , in medicine of all areas , do we allow people to sell products that do n't work and cause incredible harm by delaying real treatments ? 
  i do n't understand why people are n't angry about it all the time . 
  [ choke - what the secrets of the brain reveal about getting it right when you have to ] ( http://www.amazon.com/choke-secrets-brain-reveal-getting/dp/1416596186 ), 
  i need to put one caveat on this excellent answer . 
  if you believe that someone you know is at risk of suicide ** asking them if they are considering it will not cause them to take their life . 
  ** in suicide intervention , the first thing we 're trained to do is not be ashamed of the word suicide . 
  in fact , in many cases , having them say the word out loud can have a profound effect . 
  the effect that plasticfingernails is talking about refers to media reporting of suicide which is a very different story . 
  did you apply ndj ? 
  prove causation , it does not . 
  this is a great comment . 
  one thing i 'd add is that large sample sizes are also better at hiding small effect sizes . 
  if you 've got a sample of say 20 people , you need a much larger effect size to find significance than a sample of 200 . 
  what that means is that you can find studies that have statistically significant results due to their excellent sample size but really tell you nothing because of the tiny effect size . 
  tl ; dr always look at the effect size . 
  and now you 're banned . 
  for the high crime of making music for a different demographic . 
  the monster . 
  it contains personal information about a user which is strictly against reddit policy . 
  i did n't say that . 
  * yeaaaaaaaaaaaaah * denver . 
  yogi bear 3d * yeaaaaaaaaah *, 
  i agree with you . 
  srs * are * cunts . 
  it 's most likely staged . 
  the door is not completely open and left to sit in the perfect spot . 
  that 's not because it 's illegal though , that 's because you 're a risk to your own safety and require mental health care . 
  when i dream about my so , that 's not the part of her i dream about . 
  ( australia ) we get a fair bit of info about your elections but i also seek out my own news for 2 big reasons . 
  the first is that , like it or not , the us has a huge impact on the rest of the world . 
  the second reason is that your politics are fucking hilarious and make me feel much better about the few loons that we have here . 
  posting any personal information will result in a ban . 
  this includes linking to pictures hosted on facebook as they can be linked back to an account . 
  i do n't care how many people already know his name . 
  it 's not odd , it just means you do n't feel the need to say things superfluously . 
  you should be commended for that . 
  nor would jeff garlin, 
  plus , pete holmes does his tj impression constantly on his own podcast, 
  i ca n't think of a specific term but as others have rightly pointed out , it 's essentially a combination of cognitive biases designed to avoid cognitive dissonance . 
  in fact , jonathan haidt basically wrote a book saying that no-one really ever changes their opinion , especially when it comes to politics . 
  i think ( like with most things he says ) he overstates the case heavily but the overall point is true . 
  as a general principle , people are rule based in their thinking of the world and very hesitant to break those rules . 
  politics is basically a perfect storm of dogmatic ideology . 
  you 've got incomplete information ( people will fill in the gaps in self-serving ways ) , in-group biases ( studies show that even if you 're shown that you 've been placed in a group arbitrarily , you still show in-group bias ) , cognitive dissonance ( mitt ca n't be right on issue x because i know him to be always wrong ) , confirmation bias ( see !, 
  jon stewart agrees with me ) and access to one-sided information ( see !, 
  fox news agrees with me ), 
  it takes balls to post that picture of your mother on the internet . 
  was she worried that you were n't getting enough diabetes at college ? 
  i know right , when the youth of today do n't know musicians who died before they were born i also think that the entire planet is doomed . 
  you ca n't like someone 's music and not know what their lead singer looks like ? 
  you ca n't just like the look of a t-shirt or have it given to you by an older sibling ? 
  not especially groundbreaking , especially if you 're read any of the recent moral psych work . 
  why it 's important is that it provides a clue into the * mechanism * of moral shifting that allows in-group bias in the face of group atrocities . 
  cognitive dissonance theory , as much as i love it , can be a bit of a catch-all for social psychology . 
  it 's important to discuss the mechanisms and how they fit in with modern theories of behaviour . 
  no , this builds on those findings . 
  this says that while people have different trait levels of the 5 foundations , those foundations are also context dependent . 
  that 's the most important part of the study . 
   author 's of this paper relied on for the conceptualization of morality . 
  pretty much every study since 2001 relies of haidt 's and/or greene 's models . 
  do n't see a lot of kohlberg these days haha, 
  i 'd be more worried about posting your email address to everyone on reddit . 
  ooo a whole party about lemons . 
  maybe they 'll have some good recipes to share . 
  yeah , some dude 's comic is n't the * most * well respected academic source . 
  our senses take in an incredible amount of information every moment . 
  not only do our brains have to decide which parts of that information is most important , it also has to fill in some gaps . 
  for example , if you were to try running down a hallway holding a video camera , the picture would be unwatchable . 
  however , if you just run by yourself , your eyes adjust to the bouncing to make the picture more fluid . 
  the point is that your experience of the world goes through several filters whose primary purpose it is to give you the best snapshot of the world . 
  so , for example , have you ever been in a loud room and all of a sudden heard your name ? 
  that 's called the cocktail party effect and it 's a brilliant example of one of those filters . 
  your brain was processing a huge amount of information , registered that your name is an important piece and let you know that someone said it . 
  of course , that means that your brain has to do the opposite too and filter out noise that seems unimportant , like noise that is heard regularly and ignored . 
  the dog looks so impressed . 
  that 's more of an observation than an analogy . 
  yes , i 'm judging you for that error . 
  please do n't diagnose people over the internet . 
  please do n't diagnose people over the internet . 
  these are things you should be talking to your therapist about . 
  i understand your concerns but ( as seen below ) , you 'll get plenty of uninformed opinions when you consult the web . 
  satisfaction and sustainable contentment . 
  death by repeated nutpunch, 
  you need a code and section to know that forcing people to view pornography is a type of sexual assault ? 
  projecting it onto a large public wall and into people 's homes does n't really give them much choice does it ? 
  people have a right to not view your porn . 
  guys , this guy definitely knows what he 's talking about . 
  all internet lawyers know that it 's really called incident exposure .
