  there you go . 
  polite_allcaps_guy makes me laugh and i just like the guy , he 's so damn polite . 
  outside of your sentence . 
  i 've got a glass of wine in my hand right now . 
  it 's helping . 
  i like you . 
  i 've been spamming f5 hoping someone would say this . 
  get this post to the top . 
  if it makes you feel better that comment made me laugh and you 're a +1 from me according to my res, 
  my so would frown upon that but i can send you pictures of cute animals if you prefer or other random penises , i 'll google it for you . 
  now 2 . 
  what am i to you ? 
  ooo good one . 
  `` now that we know x , how about y ? '', 
  holy crap . 
  what am i ? 
  if it 's not more we 're through . 
  +3 now !, 
  i start getting self-conscious if i upvote the same person too many times . 
  i do n't know why , i 'm weird . 
  oh fuck me i get that , on average , once every 5 minutes . 
  cheers !, 
  oh come on , surely i can get you a picture of something that would make you happy . 
  anything , i 'll do it for you . 
  and you wanted a nude picture . 
  i do n't do nude pictures for less than +100 comment karma, 
  `` really ? '', 
  fancy seeing you here, 
  fuck my dogs live with my parents . 
  would you settle for a baby falling over ? 
  ca n't see why she 'd have a problem with that . 
  [ here ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-5nzuvi5zou8/tcajmapuozi/aaaaaaaaary/craidfnm3vm/s1600/the%2bman%2bwith%2bthe%2bworld%2525e2%252580%252599s%2bbiggest%2bpenis%2b1.jpg ) you go . 
  [ yay !, 
  ] ( http://www.gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs2/1100510_o.gif ), 
  because it makes you the dominant person in the relationship . 
  you do it to control the other person because you fear being hurt . 
  on it cap'n, 
  cash money ? 
  or `` go see a fucking doctor '', 
  i was going to give you a serious answer and then i saw the lol in your title . 
  now i 'm just going to say `` my penis '' . 
  i know this does n't help you op but can i just say that i do n't get the compulsion to see strippers with your friends . 
  there 's nothing about seeing naked women that makes me think `` damn , i wish all my friends were here to look at my erection . '', 
  if the swelling still is n't going down , after 2 months , get it looked at again , may be a microfracture . 
  that was way too close to helpful information . 
  i almost downvoted you . 
  take a deep breath . 
  in through your nose , out through your mouth . 
  every time you notice yourself getting worked up ( even in the exam ) just stop yourself for a second and start breathing . 
  focus on the sensation of the air going in through your nose and out through your mouth . 
  then what you need to do is tell yourself that you 're anxious because the exam is important to you and it 's going to make sure you do well . 
  being a bit anxious for an exam is actually a good thing ( a moderate level of physiological arousal is best ) so just keep breathing and you 'll be fine . 
  context ? 
  because it 's not about dominance in that way . 
  you want to feel relied upon , like you matter , like you 're needed . 
  unless it 's your mom/sister, 
  my so took me away for my birthday last year to a small country town about 2 hours away that is known for having lots of resorts/amazing food . 
  a whole weekend of an amazing room/insane amounts of sex/spa treatments/amazing food . 
  it was the best . 
  melbourne , australia, 
  it 's not the lol itself it 's the doucheyness of asking help from people while insulting them in the same sentence . 
  i was circumcised and almost died from it and now have marks from stitches all the way around it . 
  true story . 
  me in my current relationship but in my previous one my ex was first . 
  you accidentally a picture, 
  edit : just to be clear the picture was editted in later . 
  i 'll never give you up, 
  yes . 
  and my axe, 
  used to have one on my upper thigh that i thought looked like a microscope . 
  was feint and barely darker than skin colour, 
  well played sir, 
  no sir , i 'm nice to people because it makes me happy . 
  i gain pleasure out of helping people and that should n't change just because other people act like asses . 
  if someone treats me badly i do n't let them be a part of my life . 
  simple . 
  huh ? 
  where was the judgement besides the post above this because he was being a douchebag . 
  you know nothing about me , i 'm a bleeding heart lefty . 
  i was just curious because it seemed odd to me . 
  make fewer assumptions about people . 
  points for honesty ? 
  do n't lie . 
  your dad was the boy . 
  i know this is the internet and people will just think i 'm lying but being big is n't necessarily good , it creates issues . 
  remember though , if she does n't answer straight away it just means she 's playing hard to get . 
  you just need to prove that you want her by calling over and over , every 5 minutes until she answers . 
  you 're oversimplifying things and getting it a little bit wrong . 
  men have an inclination to have many partners but that 's not a good result for the woman ( who ca n't have many partners for reproductive purposes ) . 
  the woman needs a man who will support her/the child while she is pregnant since she ca n't hunt/gather while pregnant or caring for an infant . 
  rock with a note attached that says `` remember me ? '', 
  right , but you were incredibly wrong so clearly it did n't work out for you, 
  i like that , it shows that you do n't mind commitment . 
  put it down on the table in the middle ? 
  i always ask my friends : would you rather do dr. phil or oprah . 
  it generally leads to a minimum of an hour of discussion . 
  i 've spoken about dreams a lot with a therapist i know and he tells me that he still finds it useful to talk about dreams with patients because they will always overlay what is going on in their current situation onto the dream and it provides a safe way to talk about their unconscious fear . 
  saying psychoanalysis is outdated is a fairly simplistic view of it . 
  there are situations where a longer form of talk therapy is more valuable than cbt . 
  sorry i probably jumped on you a bit based on my own personal biases as well .
