  to be fair , most of the advice in that thread was just god awful, 
  read up on the self-handicapping bias . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-handicapping ), 
  thanks yourfacehere i posted that then went to bed . 
  learned it in my social psych class but was n't here to defend myself, 
  yeah man i remember my first time , you know like when you grab a woman 's breast , you feel it ... it feels like ... a bag of sand . 
  that 's actually wrong . 
  the cold air crystallises the bread molecules and will make it go hard much quicker . 
  protip : do n't do this when keeping a bad tasting liquid in the bag . 
  kill myself or anyone in my family ( just immediate relatives - probably would kill some cousins ) . 
  give away # / $ 100,000,000,001.00, 
  mark twain : ' i do not fear death . 
  i had been dead for billions and billions of years before i was born , and had not suffered . ', 
  cry and ask me to try better again next time, 
  yuch i 'd rather eat mouldy bread than rock hard bread, 
  i do n't think graves are 2 for 1 if you 're looking to save a few bucks, 
  that 's a great question and it does n't have an easy answer . 
  one answer i love is that you do n't become an adult until you stop blaming your parents . 
  for me , it came when i took responsibility for my own life and my own happiness . 
  through cognitive dissonance . 
  ps : i think you 'll find most id supporters are pro-hymen given that virginity is considered a virtue for women in most religions, 
  because it is generally considered ( not saying it 's true/false ) that sex offenders are more likely to commit sexual crimes again as it 's a compulsion whereas someone who steals may only steal in certain situations, 
  historical jesus ( assuming one existed - there is bits of evidence here and there ) . 
  seriously , i 'd be really fascinated to know what is/isn ' t true about his life . 
  my gay friend told me that that 's part of the benefit of being a little bit flamboyant , it 's kind of like a mating call for other gay guys . 
  people are nowhere near as aware of you as they think you are . 
  there still are but we 're no longer that shocked by rednecks being stupid so it 's not news . 
  as someone who lives in an apartment above a restaurant that makes mostly italian food i can attest to this . 
  that being said , when they make chocolate chip cookies for fun it probably smells even better, 
  call centre for an electricity company where my job was to call people who were leaving our company to go to a different one . 
  what made it worse was that 95 % of the time i 'd call someone they 'd have just been lied to by a door to door salesman . 
  have you ever tried spending 20 minutes explaining to an 80 year old that when they were quoted their electricity price it was quoted without tax but it has tax on their bill ? 
  you 'll need to go somewhere where you can concentrate on german , like some sort of camp . 
  some sort of german concentration camp would do the trick . 
  stubborness with your so is a cycle . 
  it does n't work in all situations but i 've made great ground sometimes by stopping and saying `` okay , let 's just stop for a second . 
  i feel like '' ... '' and you feel '' ... '' let 's see if there is a way we can find some middle ground '' because then you take it from an adversarial thing to trying to make both of you happy . 
  1 ) remake comic, 
  2 ) get caught, 
  3 ) make new comic, 
  my mum ` likes ' every post i make on facebook, 
  having to watch glitter from start to finish . 
  twice . 
  i. . but ... you 're clearly not understanding . 
  the question was n't `` should there be a sex offender list as well as lists for all other crimes '' it was `` why is there '' . 
  i answered that i think that it is ** generally considered ** that they 're more likely to reoffend . 
  in fact , i wanted so much to make that clear i put ( not saying it 's true/false ) in brackets . 
  i do n't really understand how you can not understand that . 
  pay me to be your marketing manager, 
  they do n't . 
  that was a guy, 
  shirt pulling : caught on something ? 
  misremembering ? 
  light : is there a window or any source of outside light in the laundry ? 
  breeze : do you have any windows in your house ? 
  a polo bear would have a polo mallet so it would clearly win, 
  search basements everywhere, 
  excuse me sir but do you happen to be from jersey ? 
  somewhere near a shore perhaps ? 
  it explains them all on the help page, 
  pump money into fusion, 
  take a break from drinking, 
  my very hairy nipples, 
  either that or i 'm making a joke . 
  it 's definitely one or the other . 
  if you want to have sex with another guy just do it . 
  you do n't need permission from us . 
  none unless it 's a wedding ring or you 're a douche, 
  you had me at my boobs, 
  one ring to rule them all, 
  but what about when you get sick ? 
  second life purchases would skyrocket, 
  hipsters inc, 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://reddit.honestbleeps.com ), 
  yeh , like sarcasm could work, 
  that 's racist, 
  i do n't know if that would be legal, 
  i 've always understood it as :, 
  nerd : someone who likes nerdy activities but may/may not be socially active . 
  geek : someone who likes nerdy activities but is not socially active . 
  dork : someone who may/may not like nerdy activities but is not socially active . 
  he was a semite . 
  he probably had hairy everything . 
  the best thing you could do to train yourself would be to combine it with a positive stimulus to match the memory of drinking dark liquor with endorphins . 
  edit : i 'm not really sure why you 're getting criticised for not knowing what classical conditioning when you 're simply asking if that process is possible and mentioned the best example of it . 
  i do n't think there is a classical conditioning fix for the issue but ciriticising you for a misunderstanding here is wrong . 
  umm would n't need to be quite that extreme but there 's an idea called neuroplasticty that says ( among many other things ) that continuously pairing a stimulus with positive emotions will make you think of that stimulus more positively ( kind of like how you can be attracted to someone that 's 80 because you 've been married to them for 50 years ) . 
  stage hypnosis is pretty crap . 
  you can get people to do something things but most will be aware of what they 're doing and only do it due to social pressure ( that 's why it works better on a stage ) . 
  hypnosis for memory retrieval is very bad since it can implant false memories . 
  however , hypnosis can be good if it 's basically a guided meditation that allows someone to create a calm place for them self . 
  that 's mainly reddit 's anti-spam algorithm, 
  facepalm, 
  this thread needs more cowbell, 
  since you 're 14 it probably does n't matter either way, 
  if by viable alternative you mean a completely different website with a different purpose then yes , yes it can . 
  if there 's grass on the wicket , let 's play cricket, 
  it depends why they ca n't write . 
  if they have no arms they can probably still read . 
  nice try , my boss .
