  she often takes me out for dinner or buys me small gifts when i 'm working hard or struggling and they mean so much more than large , material gifts . 
  1 ) they 're just as/more nervous than you . 
  2 ) be the person that you want the other person to be attracted to not who you think they want . 
  i know that was a confusing statement but if you try to act a role they 'll be attracted to that person . 
  if you act like yourself , the person who is attracted to you is the person that you want to be attracted to you . 
  3 ) have a couple of conversation starters in mind . 
  my back to the future hoverboard . 
  no substitutes . 
  i do n't think the average redditor is downvoting many lesbian questions, 
  would it focus on the love triangle of misty/ash/brock ? 
  nancy astor : `` if you were my husband , winston , i should flavour your coffee with poison . '', 
  winston churchill : `` if i were your husband , madam , i should drink it . '', 
  i do n't understand . 
  why was she hanging out with the girl that molested her ? 
  i thought that all the programs on our computer were taking up way too much space when all we use is the . exe file so i cleared everything i could find that was n't one . 
  smbc the movie, 
  honestly , i do n't ever struggle with it because if i thought my gf could ever cheat on me i 'd already be gone . 
  my so, 
  * okay *, 
  it 's not really a basement, 
  light impaired sub-structural dwelling . 
  that 's what i tell the ladies anyway . 
  hanson, 
  glitter . 
  watch it as a comedy and it 's a 9/10, 
  i 'm 82 . 
  get off my lawn, 
  fsu drumline - 1997 sequence . 
  i can punch through a wall after that . 
  some people are assholes and some women do n't know how to think that they deserve better . 
  she loves him and will do anything to convince herself that he 's not a bad guy ( read up on cognitive dissonance ), 
  they 'd be cousins but genetically more like siblings ( i think you 're asking genetically ), 
  how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb ? 
  it 's a really obscure number , you probably have n't heard of it . 
  yes but context of this question is necessary, 
  my comment was brief as i was about to go to bed and i can see why you made some of those presumptions but to be clear about my point : religion is less progressive than modern secular culture . 
  different levels of religiosity , separation of church and state and different religions in themself create a variation in how big an impact they have on the particular state . 
  islamic states stalled several decades ago ( in my opinion - mainly because of their lack of women 's rights ) . 
  cheating . 
  i take lots of homeopathic and alternative preventative measures . 
  hahaha no really , i 'm not a moron , i drink lots of water and rest . 
  none, 
  edit : do n't know why anyone downvoted this it 's 9am on a sunday morning and i 'm in bed . 
  it was n't a bad joke , it 's just true . 
  i downloaded it off limewire like 10 years ago , sorry . 
  head . 
  easy choice . 
  why do n't you just pm me with the details of what happened to you and i 'll gladly talk to you about it . 
  it 's impossible to say without context or knowing the person . 
  i would n't forgive my so for lying to me about something big but that 's partly because we 're very honest with each other so if she lied it would have to be something she thought was really bad . 
  it depends on the rules you 've set out . 
  1 ) why are you assuming that i 'm american ? 
  2 ) many experts believe women 's rights is one of the best ways to move a society forward ( whether or not that happened in america is irrelevant ), 
  3 ) i never said technological advancement is a cure for evil . 
  4 ) i never said atheism is a perfect answer i just said that certain religions are anti-progression and that 's pretty obvious by the islamic nations of the world . 
  certainly you can agree that islam lends itself to totalitarianism more than jainism . 
  of course . 
  do n't you ever talk about it ? 
  is there a precedent ? 
  something either of you have lied about in the past ? 
  when a girl can take a joke and make fun of me back, 
  i introduce myself dragonball z style : i yell my name then stare for 4 episodes . 
  i play std bingo, 
  you do n't want to know how they caught jizzy jeff, 
  did ... did you just fart ? 
  male or female ? 
  i ca n't ever spell the word habit write . 
  also confirmation bias : if you get better it 's because of the vitamin c , if you do n't it 's because you were going to get sick anyway . 
  everyone has cognitive biases , do n't sweat it . 
  that fact that you admit you were wrong when you saw evidence is noble . 
  [ * cough * ] ( http://www.reece-eu.net/gallery/var/albums/funny/thats-the-joke.jpg?m=1272640610 ), 
  what did you say sonny , you 'll have to speak up because my hearing is n't very good, 
  courier is the only way, 
  it 's been common for years in australia . 
  if it 's busy it 's useful if it 's quiet everyone sits wherever they want anyway . 
  nothing you can do about it . 
  if he talks to you about it you can say that you think it 's a bad idea because she 'll probably do it again but if not you just have to try your best to be a friend to him . 
  unprotected sex, 
  the whole system and structure of a language or of languages in general , usually taken as consisting of syntax and morphology ( including inflections ) and sometimes also phonology and semantics, 
  the process or activity of writing or naming the letters of a word . 
  the way a word is spelled . 
  also , very clearly a joke . 
  i do n't really care if he misspelled a word but i thought it was funny to be ironic . 
  because jesus would kick buddha 's ass in a fight . 
  i 've recently changed my point of view on this because i do n't think it 's absurd to say that you 're an atheist who is gnostic about specific gods . 
  obviously you can never prove a negative so it 's impossible to say that no gods exist ( especially with how ill-defined the term is ) but i think it 's not a stretch to say that we can prove the god of the bible does n't exist . 
  all you need to do is accept that if there were an omniscient/omnipotent god then his book would be perfect . 
  therefore , the fact that the bible is clearly historically and scientifically wrong means that either it is not written as intended ( therefore , the god of the bible is different than explained ) or the god does n't exist at all . 
  proposing before living together is a big mistake too in my opinion . 
  you learn a lot about a person when you live together . 
  i think the point he 's missing is that you should n't have to worry that they 'll cheat if they get the opportunity . 
  my so could go on a week long holiday with 10 available guys and i would n't worry for a second she would cheat on me . 
  not much you can do man , i 'm sorry . 
  even if we did get it wrong though it would mean that we 're worshipping a different god to what actually exists . 
  2 reasons off the top of my head :, 
  1 ) talking faster makes you appear like you 're more knowledgeable than you are ( learned about this in a psych class , ca n't remember the term ) . 
  2 ) at an auction you want people to make emotional decisions not rational ones . 
  the faster you talk the more risk there is . 
  more risk = more emotional decision . 
  i realise this and it 's not a sales pitch but more just me thinking about how i categorise myself .
