  those are both costs of having a highly evolved brain as it takes such a huge proportion of our early growth . 
  i love the behavioural econ/cog psych cross-over . 
  there are some great easy reads on it . 
  okay , happy to teach you a bit about it . 
  what 's your base of knowledge like ? 
  do you know about classical v operant conditioning ? 
  yes . 
  i do n't believe in the death penalty but i have no issue with deliberate infection being treated as murder or at the very least assault with a deadly weapon . 
  the bible . 
  while i agree with your stance on alternative medicines , your response is n't helpful or constructive . 
  getting karma = / = whoring karma, 
  well ... 
  i ai n't sleeping tonight . 
  yeh , posting anti-r/atheist pictures in r/atheism is * such * a circlejerk ... 
  they had a fundamental disagreement on the ontological truth of the universe and the correct level of punishment and praise in child rearing . 
  also , that bitch be * craaaaazy *, 
  behaviorism is a certain perspective in psychology , not a method as such . 
  it 's based on the idea that behaviour is based on learning and reinforcement . 
  for example , a behaviourist would explain a disobedient teenager as having had bad behaviours reinforced ( a cognitivist would say that it was faulty thought patterns , a psychoanalyst would look at unconscious conflicts etc. ), 
  edit : sorry that is n't a very 5 year old explanation . 
  if you want me to explain it better feel free to ask questions . 
  let 's just say that i need a thicker rope, 
  i 've been told i 'm like the flash, 
  so definitely not him . 
  not sure why you 're being downvoted for this . 
  there is no such thing as a hypnotic state that gets unlocked by your brain . 
  derren brown 's book that teaches you how to hypnotise says the exact same thing . 
  good meditation is basically a guided meditation . 
  edit : i see you 're being downvoted more because of your second comment . 
  religious institutions should n't get tax exemption aside from their non-proselytising charity work either but that ai n't changing any time soon . 
  liberty has limits . 
  i have a right to free speech but i do n't have the right to yell ` fire ' in a movie theatre . 
  when what you do is dangerous , you lose liberties . 
  til about [ unfriendable ] ( http://www.unfriendable.com/ ) . 
  goodbye , my afternoon . 
  i believe it 's called african american friday, 
  really ? 
  i 'm australian so i have no idea but that 's a really absurd argument . 
  does that mean that taxation will destroy capitalism ? 
  what do you really believe ? 
  i 'm more impressed by my magical backpack that seems to be able to fit as many greatswords and ingots as i can carry . 
  a penis, 
  some evidence suggests that * specific * types of brain training will help stave of neural degredation . 
  from memory , novelty is key as dopamine is an important part of neural growth . 
  it 's been a year or so since i read about it so someone may be able to give you a more specific answer . 
  if you 're interested there 's a great book on neuroplasticity that goes into this topic , it 's called ` the brain that changes itself ' by norman doidge . 
  not a song but here 's a 224 word paldromic poem by demetri martin :, 
  dammit i 'm mad . 
  evil is a deed as i live . 
  god , am i reviled ? 
  i rise , my bed on a sun , i melt . 
  to be not one man emanating is sad . 
  i piss . 
  alas , it is so late . 
  who stops to help ? 
  man , it is hot . 
  i 'm in it . 
  i tell . 
  i am not a devil . 
  i level `` mad dog '' . 
  ah , say burning is , as a deified gulp ,, 
  in my halo of a mired rum tin . 
  i erase many men . 
  oh , to be man , a sin . 
  is evil in a clam ? 
  in a trap ? 
  it is open . 
  on it i was stuck . 
  rats peed on hope . 
  elsewhere dips a web . 
  be still if i fill its ebb . 
  we sleep . 
  deep , stark cuts saw it in one position . 
  part animal , can i live ? 
  sin is a name . 
  both , one ... my names are in it . 
  i 'm a fool . 
  a hymn i plug , deified as a sign in ruby ash ,, 
  a goddam level i lived at . 
  on mail let it in . 
  i 'm it . 
  oh , sit in ample hot spots . 
  a loss it is alas ( sip ) . 
  i 'd assign it a name . 
  name not one bottle minus an ode by me :, 
  `` sir , i deliver . 
  i 'm a dog '', 
  evil is a deed as i live . 
  dammit i 'm mad . 
  because freedom costs a buck ` o'five and in this economy it 's just not practical, 
  went to the bathroom and saw that outside the kitchen they had a big table of raw meat sitting there . 
  this was outside the building and birds were eating it . 
  i left the restaurant . 
  protip : as soon as he realises that 's what you 're saying , his ability to understand basic language halves . 
  once you go black you should probably stop tanning, 
  the embracing of ignorance by certain subcultures . 
  i do n't expect you to care about science as much as i do but when you pride yourself on rejection truth and reason , you stop making sense to me . 
  very . 
  read outliers by malcolm gladwell . 
  ca n't give you a source because i do n't think it 's been formally studied but having just completed a subject on psychometric testing i 'd say that it 's very unlikely .
