  imagine your the stock market . 
  now , imagine a 7ft guy is hitting you in the balls with a sledgehammer . 
  that 's roughly what 's going to happen . 
  when i just started seeing my girlfriend i was over all the time but was too embarrassed to poo at her house . 
  after a little while i finally built up the courage and went for it . 
  after getting the job done i noticed some spray that i thought would cover the smell nicely . 
  a couple of sprays later and i was happy with my result . 
  unfortunately , as i went to wash my hands i knocked the spray onto the ground . 
  as it turns out , it was a $ 150 perfume she got in france . 
  how much did it cost you ? 
  depends if bruce willis was free, 
  read that title 3 times before i realised that it is said fis ** h ** ing, 
  yes . 
  it is . 
  i 've lost 45kg ( 100 lbs ) and it took years of work . 
  i got sick and put some of it back on and even though i 've done it before i 'm really struggling to lose it again . 
  i do n't make excuses and i 've worked really hard to lose weight in the past but you need to realise that it 's not as simple as `` stop eating cake fatty '' . 
  for me to lose weight right now i need to go to the gym a few times a week ( i do n't leave unless i 'm pouring with sweat ) and eat a low calorie meal 3 times a day with no snacks . 
  if i mess up one meal , i go back 2 days . 
  not a great long-term strategy, 
  how much milk did you have ? 
  sliced bread, 
  me too !, 
  go team !, 
  what specifically are you upset about ? 
  the fact that he cut you off ? 
  it happens * all the time * when people plan to stay friends . 
  it does n't work without a big gap of time in between . 
  there 's a really big difference between forcing people to learn the language and saying that the right thing to do is try . 
  making it a law is pretty damn stupid . 
  what point are you trying to make ? 
  looks like someone dropped a glass of wine, 
  not enough clotting . 
  do n't ask me how i know, 
  glandular fever ( mono ) . 
  it sucked, 
  relationships need to be grieved . 
  you need to accept the loss before you can move on properly . 
  do n't pretend ( s ) he did n't exist , accept that ( s ) he is gone and be sad about it . 
  over time , you will feel less and less sad . 
  one day , it might not hurt at all . 
  just do n't be too erect at the time . 
  i love the bit where he pretends that vaccines do n't work . 
  such good acting . 
  hmm it seems like you managed to pick a hole in their air-tight use of science in that film . 
  boobs, 
  good form . 
  also , they love it when you put their penis in your mouth . 
  it 's when it 's a pineapple you really need to worry . 
  this . 
  waking up with your penis inside a mouth is every guy 's dream . 
  unless they 're in prison . 
  about 10 seconds to reply to this post . 
  exercise and novelty . 
  seriously . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypvvnrv1tow ), 
  garden state . 
  never seen a movie that better depicts depression . 
  escort, 
  nice try , spike . 
  rioting almost never accomplishes anything positive . 
  protesting maybe , but rioting is just mobs wanting to be mobs . 
  drinking water after getting hammered to avoid the headache in the first place . 
  if it 's not alcohol related , it 's probably caffeine withdrawal for me so i drink an energy drink . 
  healthy , i know . 
  i 'm using 2 because i 'm greedy . 
  everyone is the hero of their own story . 
  if nothing we do matters ( no higher purpose ) then all that matters is what we do . 
  `` bitches love quotes '' - mohammad, 
  `` i whip my slaves back and forth , i whip my slaves back and forth '' - thomas jefferson, 
  do n't do it to bowie and queen . 
  it will not end well . 
  my so is the most supportive person in the world . 
  i 'm flourishing right now after years of depression and floundering . 
  there is no way i 'd be doing as well as i am without her love and support . 
  develop a sheep fetish, 
  he drinks her piss . 
  it 's his trophy . 
  vague open ended question is vague and open ended, 
  castrate politicians as a business, 
  diddy did n't do it, 
  chuck norris, 
  if it affects your work , you should speak to your manager privately and say that you think she should be aware of what 's going on . 
  if it does n't affect your work then it 's not your problem and you should n't make waves . 
  sounds crap but there 's no reason to stick your neck out and cause drama if it does n't affect you . 
  what the fuck ? 
  you douchebag , that 's the best recent scientific research . 
  novelty increases dopamine which encourages neuroplastic change . 
  go fuck yourself pal . 
  i think you missed the point . 
  the idea is that social media made it easier for people to assemble quickly , not that it was a cause of the rioting . 
  social approval . 
  why do you want people to laugh at your jokes ? 
  why do you want people to find you interesting ? 
  riding a kangaroo to work, 
  and they 'll continue singing it forever just because this is ... 
  come on barbie let 's go party, 
  taylor was so dreamy, 
  nurse and teacher . 
  both have to deal with little shits .
