  by all objective measures the world is the best it 's ever been . 
  violent crime has never been lower . 
  access to healthcare/education/resources has never been better . 
  the problem is that 24-hour news media causes us to over-estimate the rate of bad things happening because of the [ availability heuristic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/availability_heuristic ), 
  in the 2 years i owned my first car it got hit 4 different times , while i was n't inside it , parked in different places . 
  the 4th time it got hit , it was written off . 
  so , no . 
  no i do n't . 
  is not collecting stamps a hobby ? 
  this is simply incorrect information . 
  your brain does n't encode all of the information you perceive . 
  let it go or ask her if everything is okay . 
  wow , thank you !, 
  holy shit , wow . 
  thank you so much , i ca n't believe you went to so much effort for me . 
  reddit is not your personal army and this post does n't fit the subreddit rules . 
  this is the sort of thing that you need to talk to a psychologist about , not strangers on the internet . 
  please seek professional help . 
  paul bloom actually talks about this in his [ book ] ( http://www.amazon.com/how-pleasure-works-science-like/dp/0393340007/ref=ntt_at_ep_dpt_1 ) . 
  justin bieber . 
  i hate him because he makes music for a clearly different demographic . 
  i think you should respect their privacy . 
   was, 
  i 'm really hoping you used was because you 're referring to an ex and it 's not a sex-change situation . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  holocaust jokes are n't funny , anne frankly i wo n't stand for it . 
  there are certain criteria to be put on suicide watch and if you 're as not depressed as you claim to be , you have nothing to worry about . 
  i 'm sincerely sorry if you felt i was being critical meikov . 
  i genuinely did n't intend it that way . 
  he was sore for days . 
  i get that and i 'm sorry . 
  i meant no offense . 
  corporal punishment for children . 
  no matter how many studies i link to saying that it 's not just a terrible behaviour changer but also has several negative outcomes for the child and relationship , i always get downvoted ** hard ** for saying it . 
  `` but if we do n't have guns , then only the criminals and cops will '' . 
  yeh , that 's why america has such a [ low rate of gun violence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_violence#homicide ) . 
  right ... 
  people that complain about the `` friendzone '' . 
  the friendzone is n't a thing , she just does n't like you . 
  the only thing more obnoxious is those dickheads who constantly talk about being an `` alpha male '' is the only way to get girls . 
  it 's offensive , stupid and most importantly wrong . 
  i did n't say that the law should n't be changed , i said that that argument is stupid , wihch it is . 
  other studies show that people are really , really good at justifying why studies do n't apply to their individual case . 
  it does n't matter how many analogies you give me , it does n't change the science . 
  i 'd be more than happy to provide you with the largest meta-analysis on the topic . 
  i 'm also going to assume , given your answer , that you have absolutely no idea what goes into such an undertaking . 
  avocado head . 
  it means you need to close a few tabs . 
  that 's disgusting to look at . 
  apparently a kid on my school bus thought my head was avocado-shaped . 
  alternative medicine . 
  shockingly ? 
  the american system is absurd . 
  tips should be for exceptional service and no-one should have to rely on then to live . 
  it 's a stupid system . 
  it does n't bring down the price because you have to then pay the tip . 
  the only way it brings it down is if you * do n't * give a tip and then someone is n't earning their fair income . 
  thank you st_basterd . 
  you 're wrong on several levels . 
  1 ) most of the medication you 're referring to has a tonne of studies down by scientists that have no affiliation to the drug company involved . 
  2 ) no herbal remedy has the same efficacy at treating anxiety as psychoactive drugs do . 
  if you believe otherwise , i 'd love to see some evidence that is n't a personal anecdote . 
  3 ) some anti-anxiety pills are addictive but they also provide great relief for people struggling to function because they suffer from a severe disorder . 
  people who try to convince them that the medication they 're taking is `` wrong '' are doing them an incredible disservice . 
  4 ) your distinction of man-made chemicals is essentially meaningless . 
  5 ) adderall is in the same * family * of drugs as speed , that does n't mean it 's the same thing . 
  that 's like saying adopting a cat is the same as adopting a lion . 
  i live in australia , where you would n't get a dirty look for not leaving a tip . 
  i 'll leave very large tips for good food/service ( a lot of front of house staff here share their tips with the kitchen staff ) . 
  it 's pretty normal to tip for good service and not tip for bad . 
  yes but if that 's the case it would n't be `` laughed at '' , it would still be considered the best available method at the time . 
  belief in witches and werewolves was n't ever the best practise of anything . 
  as dan savage says : it 's the guy 's duty to hide his porn from his girlfriend and it 's his girlfriend 's duty to pretend she does n't know . 
  he 's doing a shit job of hiding it from you and even though you consciously understand it 's irrational , you do n't like it being rubbed in your face . 
  tell him to use google incognito and be more careful . 
  yes but atheism is growing at a faster rate than ever because of the proliferation of knowledge . 
  there 's a reason that there 's a correlation between each stage of education and lowered rates of religiosity . 
  the vast majority already laugh at that . 
  i love you too but this is n't a question . 
  votes are broken at the moment , it happens from time to time . 
  it seems to fix itself close to the hour mark . 
  unfortunately , this is n't a question though . 
  people do all the time . 
  also , who cares ? 
  if it generates good/interesting discussion does it really matter if he made the story up ? 
  i think that using corporal punishment is wrong . 
  the science suggests that it is n't just a very poor behaviour modification tool , it also has many negative outcomes for the child and parent-child relationship . 
  no matter how many studies i link to , i get downvoted hard and flooded with messages saying `` i was hit as a child and i turned out okay '' or `` i was hit as a child and i deserved it '' . 
  they 're show up at a later time . 
  [ tim minchin ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0w7jbc_vhw ), 
  i took a class called `` business on the internet '', 
  it sounded great and i took it because i thought i would learn something . 
  nope . 
  at least it was n't underwater papier mache ? 
  alternative medicine i define as any therapy that does n't have published , peer-reviewed , double-blind studies to support their efficacy . 
  tree bark was alternative medicine , then there was a bunch of proof that it worked . 
  now it 's called aspirin . 
  there 's nothing `` wrong '' with it , unless you 're pretending it works when it does n't . 
  thanks , pal . 
  except that you 're simply wrong .
