  humiliation for the loser . 
  you would probably also like balls of steel then . 
  deoderants are always the worst . 
  i was so excited when i moved in with my so because girl bottles are way more interesting . 
  ding ding ding we have a winner, 
  same for me . 
  worst is if it happens while she 's cuming because i feel bad if i stop, 
  also , from my experience they taste better if you unwrap them . 
  documents please, 
  i do n't totally understand your question : are you looking for signs that they do/don ' t like you or are you looking for signs that you do n't want to work there ? 
  related : untie the belt, 
  help distribute the $ 12 to my name . 
  i 've found that if i let them eat some of our food scraps occassionally they 're less angry . 
  i was noticing that after a while the pain was slowing them down . 
  now i just threaten their children instead . 
  silly addyct , the only books i have in the house are the bible and that is pro slavery . 
  he 's right . 
  this may be an unreasonable request . 
  clean the shit off my chest, 
  please do n't try to make him forget her or say that he just needs to get drunk/laid . 
  relationships need to be mourned like any other loss . 
  let him be upset/grieve etc. 
  behaviour change requires an understanding of why you do the behaviours . 
  are you selfish/hurtful because you fear intimacy ? 
  are you rude because you have a bad temper ? 
  let the taiwanese midget out of his cage . 
  oh and return my notebook dvd . 
  shit , almost forgot, 
  that 's what billy is for . 
  billy is what i call my shotgun . 
  i do n't have a link but i did listen to a psych podcast a couple of weeks ago that said that swearing when you 're in pain actually reduces your perception of it . 
  i know that is n't relevant but fun fact . 
  i 'd be more worried that she types like she 's a 13 year old . 
  is she ? 
  toilet seat, 
  does she tell you that he hits on her ? 
  no i just mean in general , it 's worth dropping the cash to get one and it costs less than $ 100 . 
  do you think it has ? 
  would n't you think that a guy whose blood tastes like wine got hammered now and then ? 
  i have a phone . 
  it 's my watch . 
  espn . 
  do n't know if it 's cable in the us . 
  how about twitteromitter . 
  i want money if you use this . 
  the scene about business cards is non-fiction . 
  wine . 
  i love you, 
  imnotjesus loves you, 
  unsubscribe to subreddits that do n't provide mostly links ( ie . 
  r/pics r/videos ), 
  i turn wine into fun . 
  if you do n't remember where it came from or it is n't close , it 's really easy to hand it someone on the way out . 
  they would much prefer it . 
  no , but i 'm sane . 
  clearly you 're not drinking chunky enough wine . 
  what sort of tone are you going for ? 
  who would be the right person to ask ? 
  i make about half as many racist jokes in front of my black friend . 
  this seems like very rational advice . 
  you should probably do this and then shit in their store . 
  or you could decide to be a good person . 
  both valid options . 
  just this one and jesus, 
  tell them that you 've got 3 stars on most angry birds levels and really do n't want to have to redo all that work . 
  i. . uh ... it 's bright out there . 
  i do n't like it . 
  take the money . 
  if they were that bad the next person to use them will complain as well and either get free money or they will only be worse off . 
  also , give me some of the money ... for umm justice . 
  get the dentist to do it, 
  i like my teeth like i like my women ; straight and yellow . 
  i want to name my first daughter nigel and my first son lebron jr. 
  i threw my phone at the wall . 
  the wall won . 
  i must have forgotten to read the meter because you got fiiiiiine written all over you . 
  teach it to count . 
  by doing their own homework, 
  stopped burning things, 
  not anymore, 
  no i do not so you are definitely safe to talk to me about your child pornography and where you got it from . 
  a fellow labia lover ? 
  only if he 's heterosexual, 
  masturbation, 
  in some countries they also earn very little besides tips . 
  i remember in israel people tipped very heavily . 
  had a fwb send me a naked picture while my phone was charging in the bathroom . 
  my stepdad was in the bathroom at the time and as many of you know pictures automatically appear on the screen with an iphone . 
  are you offering ? 
  * you need a new microwave, 
  the ice-cream van music . 
  she was very fat . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rua0xad-idc&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=4866s ), 
  besides the silly generalisation . 
  even if you think that the artists have an unfair deal or whatever it 's not actually your place to punish anyone involved by taking something for free . 
  it 's a really stupid , after-the-act justification . 
  if you want to pirate just do it . 
  are you worried that you 're gay just because you were having sex with a guy in your dream ? 
  do : make eye contact , smile a lot , be confident , speak slightly faster than normal , remember names , use lots of examples to explain things ( times you acted in certain ways ) , make small jokes ( if you 're sure it 's funny ) . 
  do n't : look like you 're not sure of yourself , sound evasive , burp , fart , sneeze without covering your face or hit on the interviewers .
