  writing down wants and hopes ), 
  there you go !, 
  you 've already done the first step !, 
  just try to stay calm . 
  everything is okay . 
  try to focus on your breathing . 
  keep it nice and regular . 
  in through your nose , out through your mouth . 
  concentrate ont he sensation of the air going in and out . 
  if you notice your mind begin to wander , do n't panic , it 's okay , just slowly move your focus back to your breathing . 
  pigs . 
  they eat humans if given the chance . 
  thanks , i really appreciate that . 
  that sounds horrific . 
  i hope she sued him good, 
  i have no idea what that means, 
  my so is 5 ' 2 so even though i 'm average height her head goes up to my chest . 
  works well . 
  paraphilia is the clinical term, 
   which is much like sentencing a fat guy to a buffet, 
  you 're a massive douchebag . 
  i just want this on the record . 
  i 've got a finger up there as we speak, 
  no that would be too contrived . 
  it makes more sense to ask people on reddit . 
  glitter, 
  it cost me 8 seconds of my life that i want back, 
  [ citation required ], 
  you missed the point . 
  it 's not about your certainty it 's about how much of a blanket statement it is because it makes it clear you 're talking about a specific experience you 've had and generalised to be about a whole group of people . 
  my experience too . 
  i 've also been downvoted heavily whenever i say that spanking is wrong ( even when i 've provided ample scientific data on it ) . 
  it 's all about raising awareness . 
  i want everyone to be aware that i care about pro-social things that make me seem like a good person . 
  i lost it again though, 
  actually , new studies have shown people do that . 
  there are a couple of experiments on it but basically one group acted ` green ' and bought environmentally friendly items and the other group did n't . 
  the ones who were green were far more likely to cheat later in the next part of the experiment . 
  i 've already heard bitersweet symphony on the oldies station here a few times . 
  made me sad . 
  sleep more . 
  exercise . 
  proper breakfast . 
  they do exist and there are a lot of things that make them more likely ( eg . 
  good communication , lots of intimate contact , trying novel experiences together ) . 
  what a lot of people do n't realise is that conflict is inevitable in a relationship . 
  if you do n't have it you 're actually in a lot of trouble ( either no-one cares or one partner is completely subservient ) . 
  the funny thing is , ( according to research ) the couples that stay together are n't the ones that only fight a little bit , it 's the ones that are good at resolving fights once they occur . 
  our brain uses a lot of heuristics ( shortcuts ) to assess the world . 
  one way it does that is by making assumptions based on experience . 
  in terms of group stereotypes the most prevalent heuristic is called the availability heuristic , which basically means that we make assumptions on what a person is like or what a group is like based on how quickly examples come to mind . 
  for example , try to think about whether there are more words starting with the letter ` r ' or have it as the third letter . 
  you want to say starting with but there are actually far less . 
  they just come to mind far quicker . 
  it 's the same with stereotypes , extreme examples come to mind far quicker than people who are ` normal ' and it creates the idea that a whole group is similar . 
  ** note ** : a really good example of the availability heuristic is that a lot of people think that we live in incredibly violent times , where crime is rampant . 
  the truth is that we live in the safest time that has ever existed but because we constantly hear stories about crime on t.v we can easily think of examples and therefore over-estimate the prevalence . 
  really ? 
  i 'm just thinking about breasts . 
  you had me until astrologically compatible . 
  i would say `` i see you like 90 % of the day , how the fuck did you find time to be a spy ? 
  surely , that time could have been better spent washing my clothes . '', 
  when i was a kid i believed that god existed and everything would turn out for the best because it had to . 
  now i believe that there are no easy answers to life and that the only way to find happiness is finding your own way to gain satisfaction and fulfilment . 
  i also believe that life is better because there are n't any easy answers , it makes life mean a lot more . 
  i think that if the trust is broken you should consider couples counselling . 
  it 's impossible to say without knowing him what his intentions were and i would n't take advise on such a big issue from people on the internet that do n't know him/you . 
  if there 's a cake you aim there . 
  if not , always aim for the drain . 
  dude i do n't know if it 's okay to be dating someone who 's handicapped . 
  so meta, 
  i assume that if she was a superspy she would kick my ass, 
  is the pope hiding child molesters ? 
  if the doctors do n't know until tests come back it 's fairly likely that no-one on reddit is going to diagnose it based on your brief description . 
  i know you 're anxious right now but just try to stay calm until the results come back . 
  tell him a psych student from australia loved his study, 
  we need to see these pictures . 
  for science, 
  do you have an so currently ? 
  what sort of business ? 
  which country do you come from ? 
  i 'm just glad i have that giant bib thing on . 
  amazing !, 
  i used to love marching bands when i played drums . 
  i 've still got this one track of florida state university from 1997 on my computer hard drive that i 've never been able to find again . 
  i listen to it before every university exam . 
  i 've always been the same . 
  i ca n't wait to have kids even though i know i 'm not ready right now . 
  i just ca n't imagine loving something that much . 
  do you study biotech ? 
  so you 're passionate about skepticism and empiricism ? 
  i would prefer arec bardwin, 
  i study psych so i try to keep an eye on neuroscience . 
  every week we learn something new and exciting , it 's crazy . 
  is that a dirty joke or a genuine answer ? 
  it 's hard to tell with you sometimes . 
  apparently they told him he was going to get a huge severance cheque but it never happened . 
  totally hung him out to dry . 
  i * love * it . 
  it 's quite research heavy so you have to be ready to sift through a lot of papers but hopefully they 'll teach you how important that actually is .
