  lhw made * more * sense just because there really were n't any particularly interesting fights to make . 
  gsp has plenty . 
  of course it should count for * something * but he 's coming off a loss . 
  he should have to at least have * one * win surely ? 
  full article for those who ca n't access :, 
  the suns are confident that you 're going to like their team , even if you do n't like its record right now . 
  and they 're confident that , no matter what the outcome is thursday night when the suns play host to the dallas mavericks , you will leave us airways center satisfied . 
  it 's guaranteed , or your money back . 
  and evidently , a lot of you are willing to give them the chance . 
  suns president jason rowley said that only about 1,000 tickets remained for thursday night 's game as of wednesday morning . 
  the team could even sell out the 18,422-seat arena for the first time this season . 
  the suns have averaged about 3,000 fans fewer than that this season at home . 
  `` we 're trending well . 
  i think we might sell out , '' rowley said . 
  in fact , the response has been so good that rowley is n't ruling out doing it in future . 
  `` it 's something that has n't been done before , '' rowley said . 
  `` it 's out of the box . 
  `` we think fans will make a connection with these guys if they come out and give them a chance . 
  `` our attendance is trending about even with last year at this time . 
  it 's not like we had a huge dip and this is a panic move . 
  `` we 're just putting our money where our mouth is , and we wanted people who do n't really know our players , or what a game here is like , to find out . 
  `` it is n't just about the team , either . 
  if we win and perform well , but somebody has a bad experience or they 're unhappy with anything , they can get their money back . 
  `` if the beer is flat or the hot dog is cold or they do n't feel like they were treated well when they walked through the door or were n't helped to find their seat , that 's all part of it . '', 
  of course , rowley realizes it 's a possibility that it will be the team , and not the brew , that comes out a little flat . 
  the suns just returned from a 10-day , six-game road trip that ended with a gut-busting overtime loss to memphis , which came into the game tied for the best record in the nba . 
  `` that 's what happens with a young team that does n't know how to win , '' guard jared dudley said after the memphis loss . 
  `` sometimes , they find different ways to lose . '', 
  the latest way dropped the suns , who were given wednesday off by coach alvin gentry , to 1-5 on the trip . 
  still , the organization is willing to guarantee the effort thursday night if not the outcome , and rowley believes that fans will find out they like players such as dudley , goran dragic , markieff morris , luis scola and p.j. 
  tucker once they get a chance to see their effort up close and personal . 
  the suns dancers ca n't hurt , either . 
  and dallas might lack some fizz , too . 
  the mavericks are playing the second of back-to-back games after visiting the los angeles clippers wednesday night . 
  `` we literally only came up with this idea in the last couple of weeks , '' rowley said . 
  `` we decided to execute on it and try to have an impact before we get too far down the road . 
  `` dallas made the most sense . 
  we knew we would be coming off a long road trip and weighed that , but decided this was the best time to do it , and we 're excited . 
  `` it is n't about driving people to one game . 
  that 's not how we 're measuring it . 
  we hope people will come through the door that normally would n't , have a good time and make plans to come to games they would n't have considered otherwise . 
  `` i 'm hoping the impact is more than just one game . 
  you know what ? 
  if it works out , we might even do it again this season . '', 
  some kind of calderon/bargnani/kleiza crap . 
  that 's fine , you 're entitled to be wrong . 
  others have brought up good points ( superstar teams , injuries , better d ) but i think there 's one much bigger factor - hero ball has gone out of style . 
  the fact is , teams are deeper and it 's rare to have more than 1 guy on the court for your team that ca n't make a shot . 
  hero ball just is n't the best way to play basketball so the scoring is more evenly spread . 
  yes but not all defensive rebounds are contested . 
  there are plenty of situations where it just happens to fall to one of three guys and it 's no measure of their value that it happened to be them . 
  i have reddit on my resume . 
  i moderate a subforum that has 2.5 million subscribers and over 10 million page views a month . 
  i 've had interviewers tell me it impressed them too . 
  note : reddit is n't that well known in australia so i have to explain what it is first . 
  still have to warn about death . 
  that 's not cool . 
  negative - lakers . 
  no doubt . 
  we knew there 'd be growing pains but no-one saw this coming - they 're barely holding on to the 8th seed . 
  positive - bobcats . 
  they 're playing hard , they look good . 
  beal is very rough and nene has n't played much . 
  surely it 's already the part 2 right ? 
  who exactly on that list are you calling a rando ? 
  i pick any of those 10 guys to build my team around before kobe . 
  i do n't see how you can have wilt ahead of russell when he dominated him year after year . 
  i really , really want to know who in that list is a `` rando '' . 
  i do n't agree to that . 
  i do n't see how you can have wilt ahead of russell when ~ ~ he ~ ~ ** russell ** dominated him year after year . 
  a lot of people 's lists have done that . 
  edit : clarity, 
  i said, 
   i pick any of those 10 guys to build my team around before kobe . 
  you said, 
   but id take kobe over lebron today, 
  now you 're talking about total achievements ? 
  woah woah other way around . 
  slow down a second . 
  i 'm saying that you misunderstood me . 
  i editted my original post to be clearer . 
  a probe was sent there last night, 
  yeah , i do n't think it 's getting beaten . 
  4 top 20 all time guys , 2 of them top 10 . 
  the mvps . 
  he 's been the best player in the league for a few years now . 
  i 'd prefer to build around lebron than shaq too . 
  obviously rose . 
  he has the most spare time at the moment . 
  not the best starting 5 ever but boy would they be hard to score on . 
  what world are you living in ? 
  teams are avoiding the tax like the plague and look at the laker 's currently salary . 
  as i said , it 's a combination of achievement and who to build around . 
  lbj is playing like a top 3 all time player atm but has n't achieved as much as shaq . 
  i had him just squeaking ahead but 1 spot is n't that big . 
  6th man, 
  ctrl + f4, 
  ctrl + t, 
  enter, 
  which makes their anti-homosexuality stance any different how ?
