  only correct answer . 
  there 's no way this ends well for you . 
  interesting . 
  i did an evo psych lecture just yesterday where i was told 50 % and remember hearing a nature podcast where they interviewed the researcher behind that more extensive study i mentioned and i specifically remember him saying that most studies find 50 % and his was lower . 
   i think even casual observation, 
  unfortunately , scientific data takes precedent over your personal observation . 
  i do n't mean to sound harsh , it 's just that observation is n't evidence . 
  i 'm not really sure why you 're so upset by what i said but it 's clearly described in the rules of the subreddit that it 's supposed to be about scientific answers only . 
  if this was askreddit your answer may be more valid . 
  also , there is n't a limited pool of data on this , it has been very extensively studied ( probably more than any other trait ) . 
  i am aware of that tension and it 's a really interesting subplot in a lot of research done . 
  personally , i find it quite interesting that there are really hard line proponents of all the different sub-fields within psychology that seem to claim that they have a grand unifying answer . 
  i 'm not aware of how that tension relates to the question at hand though . 
  the heritability studies i 'm referring to are done by researchers , who in my opinion , are generally too heavily influenced by hard-line biological thinking , if anything . 
  sorry if i was n't clear . 
  my point was that there are still hardcore cognitivists , behaviourists , evo , neuro , analysts etc. 
  that think their particular view of psychology is the `` right '' one . 
  for example , there are still hardcore evolutionary psychologists who believe that genetics explains all behaviour . 
  what do you tell a woman with two black eyes ? 
  nothing , you already told her twice . 
  i would n't quite go that far . 
  besides the fact that they seem to have an absurd budget for a pretty easy study , i 'm really not * that * upset about this . 
  the fact is , i 'd rather a reasonable study is done than the only studies are funded by the templeton foundation and quacks like deepak chopra . 
  do n't blow a guy without his permission, 
  fair call , i guess i 've learned that it 's a good life rule anyway, 
  or ... just do n't be a cock . 
  both valid options . 
  i 'll start, 
  it was truly an honour to read his books and listen to his talks . 
  his immortality is far greater than any notion of heaven or hell , he will live on in the pages he wrote . 
  i have lots of skeletons in my closets . 
  mainly dead hookers . 
  #### so brave, 
  even if you do n't care for his anti-theistic writings , he 's still one of the best political writers of our age and an incredible biographer . 
  to clear things up , he was n't anti-christianity , he was anti-totalitarianism . 
  he considered being prosecuted for thought crime to be the height of immorality . 
  as for his other works , he 's written biographies of many great people and has a tonne of articles you can get your hands on easily . 
  just google him . 
  did n't take long until the first [ jabs ] ( http://twitter.com/#!/rickwarren/status/147558435007893504 ) started coming in . 
  would hate to let an hour go by . 
  i 'm willing to take that risk . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , i 'd much rather live on in the books i 've written and lives i 've touched than go to any heaven or hell i 've heard of . 
  hitch will be immortal as long as we learn and grow from his work . 
  credit to [ bad astronomy blog ] ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/2011/12/15/epic-tantrum-thrown-by-30-octillion-ton-baby/ ) . 
  visit it for an explanation of the picture . 
  i 'm inclined to think it 's false as well , just presenting the article so other people have the chance to see it . 
  because there are costs to everything . 
  our high rates of miscarriage are the cost of having a baby born as complex as a human baby . 
  conversely , a large loss of memory could mean dissociative fugue and not amnesia . 
  dissociative fugue is one of the most fascinating psychological disorders around . 
  this is normal . 
  when splitting your attention , how good you are at each depends on two factors ; automaticity and similarity . 
  automaticity refers to how automatic the action is . 
  consider driving a car . 
  if you 've been driving for years you 'll know that it takes far less concentration than it once did and you 're probably more comfortable having a conversation than you were on your first drive . 
  similarity refers to how similar the two focuses are . 
  this is important ( and what 's relevant to your question ) because the more overlap there is , the harder it will be to do both at the same time . 
  if there is a relationship ( probably hard to study scientifically ) it would be because of the relatively low cognitive load required in having a shower . 
  think about how many times a day you 're not stimulated externally . 
  having your brain not focussed on as much , provides more energy to focus on other things and the ability to ` let your mind wander ' . 
  edit : just in case this was n't clear ; try to think of cognitive effort as a limited economy . 
  if you 're solving complex math equations effectively , it 's unlikely you 're also considering what you 're eating for dinner that night . 
  to clarify this point ; studies have shown that if you are struggling to think creatively , you can take a short break to do a cognitively tasking activity and are more likely to come up with a creative solution than if you sit there focussing on the task . 
  this why some say that the unconscious mind is more creative than the conscious . 
  however , it does n't really relate to this question as taking a shower * is n't * cognitively tasking . 
  if you 're stabbing it you probably need to stop leaving knives around . 
  i read half of it and felt too ill to continue . 
  as a general rule , do n't confuse the way a movie portrays a disorder with the actual disorder . 
  it 's important when looking at behaviours/instincts etc. 
  to not think of them as having a specific relevant gene . 
  in most of these cases , the genes provide the outer limits for behaviour . 
  the combination of culture , experience , parenting and conditioning do the rest of the work . 
  so , for example , one person may be * more * predisposed to antisocial behaviour due to needed larger amounts of stimulation to achieve arousal . 
  they 're not * compelled * to act that way , just more likely to do so . 
  would n't it just be called matter then ? 
  i ca n't comment on the tech involved as it 's not my area of study but the neural degeneration that would be involved with the immense number of unused pathways would be huge . 
  i support ron paul because , like him , i also do n't believe in evolution or global warming and think science should be defunded . 
  oh wait , i 'm not fucking retarded . 
  2 reasons :, 
  1 ) male domination ( subplot of a lot of porn ), 
  2 ) in the early days of video porn , people did n't believe it was real so it was a way of showing that they 'd actually been fucking . 
  one of the best decisions i ever made . 
  good luck !, 
  ' 101 things to help you masturbate ', 
  get proper help ( a psychologist ) . 
  at best , drugs are a band-aid . 
  at worst , they 'll make things much , much worse . 
  holy fuck , it just worked . 
  i wish you 'd warn me next time , i 'm at work right now . 
  they drive like people who will earn more money in a night if they drive like dicks . 
  by constantly trying to squeeze into traffic ? 
  huh ? 
  my advice was to go to a professional and not self-medicate . 
  how is that * not * responsible advice ? 
  so we 're on the same page . 
  when i said speak to a psychologist i meant that as on-going care . 
  i completely agree that for bi-polar , medication and talk therapy are both essential elements . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  all people who like comedy should like the exact same type of comedy you do . 
  anyone who makes comedy/music/tv etc.
