  as for those having unconscious influence over us , the answer is both yes and no . 
  the basis of psychotherapy is that maladaptive unconscious thought affects you . 
  also , as i mentioned before there are unconscious processes that affect us in ways we are n't consciously aware . 
  that being said , it 's not that simple because all people have different experiences , cognitive biases and different schemas ( rules for how situations are supposed to work ) so it 'd be impossible to know , in a practical sense , how that influence would work in the sense you 're talking about . 
  kind of hard to answer because i do n't know the show , i 'm just trying to work out what you 're asking based on what you said . 
  of course it is because op ca n't feel superior about that . 
  you only know this because you * just * learned it . 
  jeff buckley - hallelujah . 
  original is by leonard cohen, 
  1 ) $ 40 billion, 
  2 ) no-one questions where i got the money from, 
  3 ) global laws are changed so that alternative medicine has to pass double-blind clinical trials to be legal . 
  why ? 
  you lost me at zeitgeist . 
  that 's not true . 
  i sent you naked pictures of myself for your birthday . 
  it 's a fucking cancer on society . 
  [ have a few examples ] ( http://whatstheharm.net/ ) . 
  clearly in a realistic situation i would n't choose those 3 . 
  did you know you were getting drug tested when you smoked the blunt ? 
  if it 's not a drug test why are you worried ? 
  they 're not going to report you to the cops when doing random pathology . 
  in fact , they legally ca n't unless you consent . 
  [ this ] ( http://stereopsis.com/flux/ ) really helped me . 
  it changes the colours on your monitor at night so the light does n't mess with your sleep hormones too much . 
  with normal screen colours it 's really bad for your sleep hygiene . 
  free program by the way . 
  ucla has some great resources for mindfulness meditation too . 
  there 's good research behind this stuff , it does work . 
  pulling out is an awesome strategy until that time it 's not . 
  give it to me , i 'll take care of it for you . 
  i lost most of my money investing in mangosteen enterprises . 
  but that 's too simplistic . 
  firstly , not everyone has the tools to know what does/doesn ' t work and it 's not fair to just say `` well that 's their problem '' , especially when some of the sellers are deliberately misleading . 
  secondly , what if one person uses homeopathic medicine , thinks it works well , then decides to give it to their kid instead of taking them to a doctor ? 
  it happens . 
  it 's hard when you want it all . 
  oh god , if he gets too much karma it could collapse the karmconomy and we 'll end up in a karmcession . 
  well , you know what they say , the show must go on . 
  when people assume that ` there is no clear answer ' = ` all answers are equally likely ', 
  `` i really dislike nig ... african americans '', 
  but then why are there still monkeys ? 
  read it . 
  i use a laptop . 
  easy to compile my files into subjects and i type way faster than i write . 
  `` sometimes i do my job so well that my co-workers resent me '', 
  this is the part most people do n't realise . 
  the key to the question is n't the weakness , it 's when you say how you 've improved or changed . 
  also , saying `` what do scientists know , they ca n't even predict the weather '' just makes you sounds like a moron to anyone who knows the first thing about climate change . 
  wireless internet ? 
  schizophrenia, 
  better in what way ? 
  yes but this one i can play while pooping . 
  come on , 80 % of the time you receive a word in scrabble you can sure that the person was just doing a poo . 
  to be fair , it would take an omnipotent being to fix how much he fucked things up . 
  edit : i am genuinely floored by the fact that several people responded to that phrase assuming i was advocating a prayer response . 
  wow, 
  i like it on special occasions . 
  it gives the event some gravitas and normally gives a big build up . 
  nice try , officer . 
  once you get it to work , put it on and run out onto a busy street . 
  do n't say anything , do n't yell , just run . 
  always remembering your dreams would be a mind fuck , we have many a night . 
  unless you use a kindle, 
  generally , yes . 
  people kept getting me confused for someone else . 
  very , very well . 
  he is a brilliant scientist and science educator ( watch some of his older dvds ) regardless of what you think of his opinions on religion . 
  have hobbies , watch movies , talk to friends / so 's , eat at restaurants etc. 
  not a biologist myself but i believe he has been very important and his theories have been well regarded . 
  i think the servers would crash given how many comments i actually make . 
  doom !, 
  http://www.talkatheist.com i spoke to them about this and they were pretty helpful . 
  projecting ? 
  it depends on the type of statement you 're talking about . 
  some australians do it too . 
  it 's fucking annoying because it 's even less common so i just have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  it 's called rhyming slang , btw . 
  there 's a really good new anti-smoking campaign in australia . 
  all the previous ads talked about how much damage each cigarette was doing and tried to scare people . 
  this takes a different focus . 
  i love it . 
  [ picture ] ( http://www.mynosmoking.com/my-no-smoking-pictures/stop-smoking-start-repairing.jpg ), 
  paw paw works better than normal chap stick . 
  i used to have terrible dry lips from smoking and once i used paw paw instead of chap stick it got better . 
  it sounds like you already know what you want to do but you 're scared to be alone . 
  that 's a question that does n't really have a scientific answer yet . 
  the mind is what the brain does but we do n't really understand how any computing system ( your brain is an insanely powerful computer ) can become self-aware , there does n't seem to be a tipping point where more processing makes consciousness . 
  it 's most likely an evolved function and mainly based in our pre-frontal cortex but the answer is that nobody knows . 
  edit : woops misread the question . 
  i 'll leave it just in case anyone is curious about consciousness though . 
  i agree and i have absolute sympathies for anyone trying to quit . 
  if you 're serious about quitting i 'd be happy to try and help you a bit . 
  i have n't quit smoking but i did lose 100lbs and i think a lot of the tools are similar . 
  pm me if you like . 
  how ? 
  why is santa 's sack so full ? 
  because he only comes once a year, 
  ( obviously works better spoken ), 
  empathy is experiencing other people 's emotions , not your own .
