  today 's lesson . 
  `` goes '' . 
  the popular seduction techniques that you hear about a lot at the moment ( like gaming ) are generally to do with trying to convince the other person that you 're dominant . 
  this is done by mildly insulting her , making yourself seem more impressive and using body language to signal that you 're aloof . 
  the problem with these techniques is that they 'll only work on girls with low self-esteem and only in situations where you 're trying to have sex , not create a relationship . 
  if you 're interested in having a relationship using those techniques are the worst thing you can do . 
  the best , best , best tip i learned from dating is that there 's no point doing it if your focus is trying to impress the other person . 
  i went on so many dates where i tried to be funny and clever and classy and spent the whole time trying to create some image of myself and never really tried to work out if that person matches me or not . 
  if you want to find a relationship go on a lot of dates ( if you struggle talking to women try internet dating , it 's really good for getting yourself out there ) and tried to find someone you mesh with , someone who is easy to talk to and you want to spend time with . 
  if you do that ( and trust me you will eventually ) you wo n't need to worry about techniques and you 'll actually find someone that matches ** you ** not just some image of you that you create . 
  that being said , wear a shirt , put on some nice aftershave , offer to pick her up , offer to pay and be kind and courteous . 
  i 'm 13 and what is this ? 
  that 's ... creepy, 
  working, 
  just call me a blademaster, 
  colour me shocked, 
  even before we discovered neuroplasticity it was well known that the left brain/right brain stuff was bullshit, 
  creepy guy is creepy, 
  i have no words, 
  talk to a professional dude . 
  you need some help, 
  how can you say no offense after calling someone a fucking asshole ? 
  brilliant !, 
  are you studying psych ? 
  excuse my ignorance but i 'm keen to do this and have never used an rss feed before . 
  can you give me a quick intro guide ? 
  anyone who says that they 've never been disappointed with their life either severely lacks instrospective skills or is a god damned liar . 
  however , right now , i 'm very satisfied with the majority of aspects of my life . 
  you need to understand that your situation is fundamentally different because you 've agreed on the ground rules . 
  cheating is a deal-breaker beacuse it is such a fundamental breaking of trust that it 's incredibly difficult to recover from . 
  it 's not about jealousy or possessiveness it 's about being able to trust each other . 
  nobody has an open mind all the time . 
  everybody weights their arguments and what they already believer higher than other people 's , that 's just a part of human nature . 
  i personally think that the contrarian nature of politics causes politicians to think in terms of winning/losing instead of what 's best . 
  because we 've evolved to seek monogamous relationships ( it has an adaptive function as it increases the likelihood of offspring reaching sexual maturity ) . 
  additionally , many people ( myself included ) think that having a monogamous relationship is the deepest and closest way to share your life with someone . 
  i would n't want to cheat on my so . 
  i have no passion to do it because having someone designated as special and individual is what makes love feel so incredible and fulfilling . 
  i 've had plenty of casual sex and it 's boring and unfulfilling after a while . 
  if you 've slept with someone you 're truly in love with , truly connected to , you 'll know why sharing yourself with a stranger would feel wrong . 
  haha i get it , you reference your name in every post . 
  that 's so clever and funny and no-one on reddit does that . 
  loud noises, 
  right , there 's a conflict between two pressures ; monogamy = greater chance of offspring being raised to adulthood , polyamory = more offspring . 
  we 're all in agreement there 's a conflict , people still cheat . 
  op was asking why some people feel it 's important in a relationship . 
  that 's overly simplified and wrong . 
   we also evolved to be aggressive . 
  we evolved to eat raw meat and drink from rivers . 
  our evolution should not dictate our morals ( and , in some ways , our morality must serve as a check on our evolution ) . 
  i was n't telling you it was morally right , i was answering your question why it 's important to some people . 
   i want to know why i should be furious if my wife does . 
  i 'm not saying you * should * be furious . 
  i 'm saying that there is a different experience in monogamy that you may or may not prefer . 
  i 'm not judging you , i 'm just giving you my experience and what i know from studying relationship psychology . 
  there are all sorts of different couples and if that works for you , that 's great . 
  i never made any moral judgements in any of my statements, 
  how can they say 90 % of what they say ? 
  nothing but twilight posters . 
  i 'm so confused by your statement, 
  as an australian , watching how contrarian and bipartisan your politics is terrifies me , mainly because our right-wing party is moving in that direction . 
  hopefully , not having a fox news will provide some level of protection . 
  there 's no questioning at that point . 
  beyond being in a band called ` queen ' he ca n't really be more out of the closet . 
  some but 90 % of people who listen to them are over 60, 
  you hacked into his facebook account . 
  you 're as much of a jerk as him , if not more . 
  the point everyone has tried to make to you is not that it 's inherently wrong or evil to cheat , it 's that monogamy is the preset rule unless you discuss otherwise . 
  cheating is n't what causes the breakup , it 's the breaking of the trust . 
  your situation has no breaking of trust so there 's no conflict . 
  we have compulsory voting in australia , ~ $ 100 fine if you do n't . 
  you can still ` donkey vote ' though which basically means scribbling on your voting form or not filling it out properly . 
  i 'd say it 's different in different cultures , judging by the responses . 
  in australia you 'd be 2nd cousins . 
  we 're normally pretty similar on stuff like this, 
  i do n't really know what you 're asking me for . 
  i 've explained why people consider it important and i 've explained why it causes conflict . 
  it 's not begging the question to say it 's a violation of trust because that 's a fundamental issue . 
  if both parties have agreed that masturbation is wrong then cheating on that promise would be an issue , same as any lie . 
  not seeing the part where you 're not a jerk, 
  i think some people donkey vote because they resent being forced to do it . 
  some do it to try and be funny ( i 'm sure they get thousands of people who write in kang or kodos and then tick that ) but i would think that once you 're there and have waited in line for 20 minutes you might as well just tick a few boxes . 
  because it 's such a * fundamental * betrayal of trust . 
  it 's not like lying about having a few extra beers with your mates or something like that , it is the most basic promise you make each other as man and wife . 
  if my so cheated on me i do n't know how i could ever trust her again . 
  i would worry * every * time she went out without me . 
  i would be so hurt because she broke a promise that is at the absolute core of what we promised to share . 
  okay , i 'm going to stop trying to explain this to you because you seem far more intent on arguing and sticking to your idea than listening . 
  you were asking for someone to explain what you were n't getting and i 've tried that for far too long . 
  `` it 's the end of the world as we know it '', 
  who cares about right ? 
  if you 've raised the kid you 'll probably be attached to them and * want * to support them . 
  i hope i 'd be strong enough to put my hurt aside and take care of the kid who 's an innocent victim in the whole thing . 
  andrew bolt makes me want to headbutt myself in the face . 
  we see only a small fraction of light that comes to the earth . 
  because the marginal benefit of money to them is far less than poorer people . 
  think of it this way , bill gates would n't notice if $ 1 million went missing but you would probably notice if it was added to your account . 
  weird . 
  i do n't remember saying that . 
  op asked why it 's done that way and it is n't anywhere near as simple as robbing the rich and giving to the poor .
