  my comment was very specific . 
  i ca n't make that claim about people i do n't know . 
  sure and i appreciate if they had a role in this change , i 'm talking about more than just the stickies . 
  with a 3 link i 'd go ab/gmp if you are already using a curse or temp chains/ice nova if you are n't . 
  link ? 
  i enjoy reddit and enjoy being a mod . 
  i would be very happy tp be wrong . 
  what if people are bullying in a group or it 's even sanctioned by a mod . 
  what if a subreddit is designed around bullying a certain type of people ? 
  i strongly disagree . 
  i think that when you allow people to act like assholes , you ruin the experience for other users . 
  i 'd rather alienate a bunch of people who get their jollies from making fun of fat people than have people leave because reddit is a toxic environment . 
  those lines are hard to draw fairly but that does n't mean we should n't try . 
  in short , i care more about the rights of people to enjoy a harassment free reddit experience than the rights of assholes to be assholes to other people . 
  i think that when you allow people to act like assholes , you ruin the experience for other users . 
  i 'd rather alienate a bunch of people who get their jollies from making fun of fat people than have people leave because reddit is a toxic environment . 
  those lines are hard to draw fairly but that does n't mean we should n't try . 
  in short , i care more about the rights of people to enjoy a harassment free reddit experience than the rights of assholes to be assholes to other people . 
  this is a very important step in the right direction ( hopefully ) if done well . 
  the whole free speech thing is a non-starter for me . 
  besides the obvious [ relevant xkcd ] ( http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/free_speech.png ) , rights are always competing . 
  your right to swing your arm stops at my face . 
  your right to be a total asshole on the internet should stop at someone else 's ability to enjoy their recreation time because someone else is being an asshole . 
  i think that when you allow people to act like assholes , you ruin the experience for other users . 
  i 'd rather alienate a bunch of people who get their jollies from making fun of fat people than have people leave because reddit is a toxic environment . 
  those lines are hard to draw fairly but that does n't mean we should n't try . 
  rights are always competing . 
  your right to swing your arm stops at my face . 
  your right to be a total asshole on the internet should stop at someone else 's ability to enjoy their recreation time because someone else is being an asshole . 
  in short , i care more about the rights of people to enjoy a harassment free reddit experience than the rights of assholes to be assholes to other people . 
  just because something is hard/messy , does n't mean that it 's not worth trying . 
  we both know that we could start with a common sense list of things that cross a line into harassment that 99 % of users would agree with . 
  dramadan 2 : the search for curly 's drama, 
  yeah but he 's a man so it 's different . 
  it 's happening . 
  they 're finally going to tell the users that ca n't exist without being a fucking asshole for 8 seconds that they care more about the people who just want to have a harassment free experience . 
  it 's happening . 
  they 're finally going to tell the users that ca n't exist without being a fucking asshole for 8 seconds that they care more about the people who just want to have a harassment free experience . 
  i just wish it happened years ago when it should have . 
  straight off that glass cliff . 
  we do n't mind asians in tech , they 're good with computers . 
  such a shame that it 's about 3 years too late and the culture is already really , really , shit . 
  i think it can and will change over time if the admins make the right moves but it 'll be a lot messier now than it was . 
   but that 1 % will take offense with anything and everything . 
  sure but no rules rely on that 1 % . 
   but still once you start where do you stop . 
  there is a lot of grey area subs that could be pic and chose . 
  that 's where the question lies . 
  you start with the obvious and go from there . 
  again , it 's not easy but you work it out over time . 
  most default subreddits have gone through that process , you find your line and work out if that line is effective . 
  we can very easily make some common sense rules that 99 % of people would agree with . 
  start with that . 
  absofuckinglutely . 
  private websites should be able to curate content . 
  if you act like an asshole to other users on , / r/askreddit for example , you lose your right to comment there . 
  it 's happening . 
  they 're finally going to tell the users that ca n't exist without being a fucking asshole for 8 seconds that they care more about the people who just want to have a harassment free experience . 
  i just wish it happened years ago before the culture became ** this ** toxic . 
  reddit has been a very serious and drama filled place the last few weeks . 
  thought it might be nice to have some fun . 
  me too . 
  the internet is serious business . 
  yes . 
  volunteers ca n't afford coke . 
  how about a change.org petition ? 
  we demand that moderators get paid in coke . 
  given the mood on reddit the last few weeks we thought a bit of levity and silliness probably could n't hurt . 
  damn , i really thought this was cutting social commentary . 
  that 's a very serious reaction to a very silly joke . 
  april fool 's never works on reddit anymore because people always expect it . 
  sticky posts do n't affect the sorting of normal content . 
  i 'm also not sure how it creates any drama . 
  i really do n't follow the logic honestly . 
  we have n't forgotten that we 've asked for better tools because of one shiny toy, 
  as soon as we have the technology to triple sticky ... 
  shit , i did n't notice where the reply came from and started to write out an angry reply . 
  and you were really who were targeting with this / u/scott60561 . 
  [ mission accomplished ] ( https://i.imgur.com/el81hnl.jpg ), 
  you 're a cool user . 
  i like you . 
  not as far as i know but i have n't checked recently . 
   this is in extremely poor taste . 
  how so ? 
  10 out of fucking 10 . 
  most delicious post i 've ever seen . 
  you have been banned from / r/askpyongang, 
  do n't let the door hit you . 
  it is not . 
  i 've been keeping my wife updated . 
  it 's like a great soap opera . 
  correct . 
  just a little light fun . 
  posts are stickied too so they do n't affect sorting of any normal content . 
  thanks pal . 
  i do n't really know you but i 'm sure you 're swell too . 
  actually / u/krispykrackers is very hands off and supportive . 
  she lets us run the subreddit as we wish . 
  noooooooooo please do n't . 
  i 'm running out .
