  as a general rule : if you 're doing something that you would n't tell them about , you should n't do it . 
  fiction/non-fiction ? 
  topic ? 
  corollary : this does not include pooping . 
  crowbar, 
  tiny little coat hanger ? 
  first time i got laid . 
  i was 36, 
  on second thoughts , maybe we 're better if they 're contained . 
  the way that we all know that hugh heffner is going out . 
  words with friends . 
  was a fake . 
  taken from twitter , looks like original is from r/vertical ( til there 's an r/vertical ), 
  10/10 would read again . 
  i go liquid first and my so always laughs at me for it . 
  if you 're ejaculating blood you 're either doing it wrong or way , way too much . 
  how is it busted ? 
  i immediately cited the source . 
  firstly , love that tag so much . 
  i got it from twitter ( tory 's feed ) and just after posting i noticed it said r/vertical in the bottom corner . 
  that 's why the fact it 's a repost is n't in the title . 
  getting this picture off twitter is how i heard of r/vertical . 
  i now subscribe to it . 
  clearly all the upvotes means a lot of people are in the same boat . 
  i really do n't get the anger at top submissions ; if it 's getting votes people want to see it . 
  you know you 're getting old when people do n't recognise dude , where 's my car, 
  how 'd you find out about the company ? 
  tory posted it on twitter so i 'm sure she 'll see it . /, 
  ( true story ) my only experience is when i was 21 and interested in getting a happy ending massage . 
  naturally i assumed google would provide . 
  so i found some place that said they did it and planned to go there after work ( i still lived at home so i told my parents i 'd gone to a friend 's place since it was an extra hour of driving in peak hour traffic ) . 
  anyway , i finally get to this dingy house with a picture of an eye on the side and a french name . 
  being naive i walk inside and realise what i 've done . 
  i was so shocked that i did n't really know how to leave without sounding like a creep . 
  so the madam comes out and asks me if i know what i want and i said that i was n't really sure so she told me to sit down on the bed in another room and had the girls come in 1 by 1 to make their sales pitch to me . 
  i remember there was one i would 've picked because she looked the least feral and said `` you look clean so i 'd be happy to suck your balls too '' , i liked her attitude . 
  anyway , the madam came back in and when she asked me who i liked i kind of just stammered and did n't know what to say . 
  she then told me to come back when i decide and i drove home . 
  personally , i 'd go to the cops and tell them about it . 
  ask if they think it 's legit . 
  there 's no clinical evidence it works better than a placebo . 
  there have been a couple of studies for it but they were very dodgy . 
  edit : here , read [ this ] ( http://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/index.php/acupuncture-does-not-work-for-back-pain/ ), 
  i was a virgin at this point and , while i 'd fantasised for ages about a happy ending massage ( i had been to a couple of dodgy looking thai massage places with no luck ) it felt wrong to sleep with a prostitute for my first time . 
  edward ? 
  dancing around the house when no-one is around . 
  i 'm struggling to find the part of your story where it actually hurts you if people do that beyond the 3 seconds of reading it costs you . 
  not everyone * has * a shoulder to cry on and reddit may be a safe way to do it . 
  if you do n't like it , feel free to downvote it but clearly people keep doing it because it 's helping them and people upvote it because it makes them feel good . 
  girl in highschool who would n't let me kiss her with an open mouth or touch her in any way and then threatened for to kill herself , for about 2 months , when i did n't want to go out with her ( she showed me scars on her wrist ) . 
  only 3 days until we get to see him again !, 
  yet . 
  i call bullshit already . 
  20 years in prison means you either had no internet and there 's no way reddit would be one of the first sites you find or you were in some minimum security program where you did get access and would know roughly what you missed . 
  it 's hard to say it 's unreasonable without knowing how your conversation went but , in theory , there 's nothing wrong with asking him to do that if it makes you feel uncomfortable . 
  did you ask him what they talk about or if he thinks that she still has feelings for him ? 
  i would pay so much money to watch a penguin do a handstand, 
  a woman ? 
  if she 's an annoyance it 's no problem . 
  i guess the point i 'm trying to get across is that it 's about communication . 
  if you explain it to your so in a reasonable way i doubt he would have issue with it . 
  i have many but i 'll pick my favourite two :, 
  supercilious ( pronounced super silly us ) : `` behaving or looking as though one thinks one is superior to others . '', 
  quixotic : `` extravagantly chivalrous or romantic ; visionary , impractical , or impracticable . '', 
  i definitely do n't download things illegally from the internet but i would consider it unethical if i did . 
  `` be kind to others they are also going through a great tragedy . '', 
  - philo, 
  `` i do not fear death . 
  i had been dead for billions and billions of years before i was born , and had not suffered . '', 
  - mark twain, 
  `` well , i guess i kinda worked it out . 
  if there 's no great glorious end to all this , if nothing we do matters ... , then all that matters is what we do . 
  'cause that 's all there is . 
  what we do . 
  now . 
  today . 
  i fought for so long , for redemption , for a reward , and finally just to beat the other guy , but i never got it . '', 
  - an episode of angel ( yes it 's embarrassing but it 's a fucking great quite ), 
  i have two :, 
  - my neuroticism, 
  - my lack of self-esteem, 
  - my inability to count, 
  same . 
  ** get off reddit ** and commit yourself to activities where you have to be at a certain place at a certain time . 
  i have n't died yet so it 's impossible to know . 
  hmmm what we need is billy joel to make a new version of we did n't start the fire . 
  how dare you, 
  [ this ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/17343737.jpg ), 
  that 's so weird , it 's normally the opposite for me and someone laughs when i ejaculate . 
  i had a philosophy of religion subject where the unit chair/only lecturer was a devout christian and would n't allow any critical ( even if it was incredibly civil ) discussion of religion at all . 
  this is in australia by the way . 
  it does get quite crowded on the bus . 
  only if you 're a guy, 
  because not everyone 's brain is the same as yours . 
  there 's no universal path to happiness for an individual . 
  i do n't think you 'd be needing them pal, 
   i do n't think you 'd be needing them sock, 
  better ? 
  and a manzier ? 
  definitely not jesus,
