  1 ) if you 're truly evil the morality does n't affect you the way it does now . 
  2 ) in a world where everyone is good the one cheater could get anything they wanted . 
  you should get some like disgusting vegan veggie patty and deep fry it . 
  why ? 
  fuck them , that 's why . 
  i wish i knew more misogynistic bible passages to ask my female teachers to explain . 
  blowjob as he wakes up . 
  breakfast with lots of bacon . 
  blowjob . 
  fun activity ( blowjob during if possible ), 
  blowjob . 
  another fun activity ( some blowjob rest time ), 
  blowjob . 
  nice dinner out somewhere . 
  sex . 
  sleep, 
  how old are you/her ? 
  if you are what you eat i want to be you by the morning . 
  unless by worked you mean got me laid . 
  in that case it 's `` hi , i 'm imnotjesus '', 
  i hate myself . 
  does that count ? 
  agreed . 
  have you seen [ this ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1tcd95kmgq ) i do n't even watch baseball but it made me a tad emotional just to think that we finally live in a time where male sports stars feel comfortable enough to talk about these issues . 
  you ca n't take 1 day off for his birthday ? 
  i like to think i am but the amount of my comments that stay at 1 | 0 begs to differ . 
  in australia : belgian beer, 
  threesome ? 
  [ learn something ] ( http://www.thegreatcourses.com/greatcourses.aspx ), 
  my name is michael and when i was younger i used to call myself super michael ( my middle name ) jackson jordan ( my surname ), 
  go to bed earlier . 
  also , drink more water before bed - excessive need to pee makes me get up and then once you 're up do n't get back into bed . 
  there you go . 
  do hanson count as modern ? 
  one of my best friends eats canned tuna with chocolate protein powder . 
  i do n't care about women 's underwear . 
  at the point i see them i start thinking about other things . 
  not sure why this is getting downvoted , it 's a valid question even if you do n't agree with his conclusions . 
  there are arguments that affirmative action does more harm than good by perpetuating the idea that one group `` needs help '' and maintaining a divide . 
  also , it 's worth considering that for each black kid that gets the scholarship a different kid who may have worked harder does n't get it . 
  however , i think when there is as large a divide as their is there is a need to do something . 
  personally , i think that they should be awarded based on socio-economic upbringing instead of race since that would help the issue but also not divide it on race lines . 
  check if your college has a counsellor that you can talk to . 
  not as good as a psychologist but better than nothing . 
  a dad . 
  mum said she was a virgin when i was conceived . 
  psychological self-anaylsis . 
  find someone to talk to, 
  sleeping . 
  i fucking love it . 
  what 's that in non-american ? 
  it is very important to talk about this but obviously not on the first date . 
  it can be very hard for someone to talk about being abused and you should be sensitive to that ( if you 're the guy ) . 
  on the other hand , if it affects how you are in the relationship it 's important to try and explain it , once you feel close enough ( if you 're the girl ) . 
  it sounds trite but at the end of the day it all comes down to communication . 
  spin : i had sex while i was in thailand . 
  you can probably guess the real story . 
  because what you 're talking about is a very shallow understanding of the brain . 
  i can tell you where most of those things you mentioned come from ( you ca n't tell me where morals come from because we do n't know yet ) . 
  you should really read some contemporary stuff on this ( david eagleman is brilliant ) but what we 're actually realising at the moment is how interrelated all parts of the brain are . 
  also , you might want to consider the fact that areas of the brain are n't static : read some stuff by ramachandran or doidge about that . 
  so meta, 
  i 'd ask carmen sandiego where she 's hiding . 
  ooo i like that one , have you tried crying and running out of the room ? 
  it 's slightly different but does have a nice effect . 
  tell everyone to stop worrying about whether a god does or does n't exist and just learn how to be a good person without using iron age morals . 
  nudge him randomly while you 're doing it . 
  i actually love exercising to audiobooks/podcasts because they 're more engaging and distract me better . 
  that still does n't really help me . 
  according to some random website it 's about 1.3 kg and i 'm quite impressed . 
  i realise this but i 'd love to take the morality out of the question . 
  that poo a few hours later would 've been epic . 
  did you have an amazing space clearing burp at some point ? 
  tell him it 's wrong but it 's not your place to intervene . 
  the day i quit smoking weed is the day i started considering myself an adult . 
  my money would be on lack of confidence but impossible to know without meeting you or knowing more info . 
  hold on a sec , i 'm just looking over my post to see where i made a comment about anyone besides myself ... hmm ca n't seem to find it . 
  it was a big turning point in my life for many reasons , partly because i was using weed as an escape from the world . 
  feel free to actually read what i say before jumping to conclusions next time though . 
  if this is sincere then it is possible that you do but would be terrible to try and diagnose it over the internet . 
  i thoroughly recommend seeing a good psychologist to explore it . 
  books : malcolm gladwell - outliers, 
  tv shows : arrested development, 
  music : jeff buckley - grace ( album ), 
  crying, 
  one time i saw a penis, 
  again , that 's a really simplistic understanding based on the current research . 
  because i 'm not trying to win an argument with you , i 'm training to explain why you 're wrong and ( hopefully ) educate you since it appears i know more about the topic than you do ( i 'm not trying to sound like a dick but the point i 'm trying to make is that my earlier post was designed to give you information and i was just further explaining that ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0959438809001354 ) is behind a journal paywall but basically the crux is that morality is a very , very complex issue and we 're still only starting to understand it . 
  most brain function is n't isolated in single nodes and rely on interconnected relationships between areas . 
  the prefrontal cortex ( inside the frontal lobe ) is used for higher order brain functions and it contains most of what we know about morality but it 's not as simple as saying `` that 's the morality section '', 
  so what you 're saying is the user generated content is n't the content you want to see ? 
  rage comics suck ( in general ) because thousands are made every day , how long did you think they 'd stay fresh ? 
  if you like the old style go to r/classicrage and be bored in the first 30 seconds . 
  if you do n't like the topics downvote them but clearly if they 're getting to the top other people do . 
  i 'm sorry that you , as captain of the internet , do not approve of all of the content but it is n't the job of mods to fix that . 
  if you want better content ** make it yourself ** . 
  you 'll get a better answer at r/askscience, 
  internet explorer ?
