  how do you get that from what i said ? 
  firstly , most of my points were about how we 're doing a much better job of providing health and well-being to people in third-world countries . 
  make up your mind . 
  are you complaining that i 'm selfish or are you complaining that i 'm short-sighted because , if anything , it 's the fact that we 're doing a much , much better job of helping poorer nations that there is a risk of future overpopulation . 
  you kinda seem like you 're just arguing because you do n't know how to admit you 're wrong . 
  2/6 were about me and they apply to almost everyone that reads reddit . 
  also , you 've still given me no reason to think i 've been shortsighted beyond what appears to be your belief that giving healthcare to 3rd world countries is bad . 
  again , not really getting why you think i 'm selfish and just get the feeling you 're arguing for the sake of it so i 'm going to stop replying . 
  i hope that you can take a breath and actually read what i 've written instead of giving me these angry and ill-thought-out replies . 
  `` if nothing we do matters , then all that matters is what we do '' . 
  we have one life to live and my ` meaning ' is using that life the best i can by enjoying it , creating lasting relationships , helping people and passing on my genes to my children . 
  go see a physiotherapist instead of getting medical advice from random strangers on the internet you dolt, 
  you poor thing . 
  i feel so sorry for you and i ca n't believe how selfish she was to have that triple bypass . 
  and how exactly does he know that you 're not full of shit or giving back advice for his particular condition ? 
  getting internet medical advice is always stupid . 
  so in your professional opinion , what level of back pain is risk free when doing exercises ? 
  effective . 
  studies show that it affects buying habits . 
  also , a recenty study showed that just watching an advertisement about food makes you eat more . 
  obviously these findings are more significant in children but it * does * affect adults . 
  most of the techniques used are designed to be subtle enough that people do n't know they 're being effected ( peripherally processed so that you 're more vulnerable to persuasion cues ) . 
  i can go into more details if you 're interested . 
  soap has really changed the way i shower . 
  yes, 
  depends on the situation . 
  if he 's just broken up with his girlfriend and says `` is it my fault '' through tears , you should probably say no , regardless of the truthful answer . 
  if , a month later , he asks you if he fucked up by doing x then you can be more truthful . 
   or funniest, 
  me thinks we 're not talking about the most mature person here . 
  find a tax accountant and get your finances in order . 
  put your alarm on the opposite side of the room and get immediately into the shower . 
  factor in enough time for a 20 minute shower if necessary and do n't get out until you 're awake . 
  the votes you see are n't actually an accurate representation of the voting . 
  reddit fudges the numbers for some reason that i ca n't remember . 
  that 's why posts within the last year are maxed out at like +5000 but there are some older ones that are much higher, 
  your mother, 
  also , i 'd make it so no-one can ask this question on askreddit anymore . 
  your mother, 
  that 's super awkward if she says no . 
  umm ... so ... anyway ... you walk into the dungeon ... 
  i put on my robe and wizard hat, 
  roll d20 to see if you get to go on a date with me . 
  you passed, 
  `` then '' . 
  australia, 
  like any serious addiction you should seek professional help like a psychologist . 
  whatever is popular in 2090, 
  but do n't do it all at once . 
  just go to bed a bit earlier every night . 
  start 2 weeks before you actually need to if possible . 
  god i want to know what you 're replying to . 
  yes and they do send out information to catholic groups about their stance on issues they consider to be controversial . 
  wrap a small bell up with a note saying `` free blowjob whenever you ring this for the entire day '', 
  they almost certainly are n't . 
  it 's far more important that people are understood than completely efficient . 
  it 's so if you 're getting bumped around by turbulence you do n't hit your head on other people or get hit by objects flying around the cabin . 
  if your plane hits something , you dead . 
  in what specifically ? 
  some tricks that are used ? 
  okay so this may sound obvious but the first step is to work out how complex the message is . 
  if it 's a complex or important message , you need to have lots of information ( think brochures on safe driving ) . 
  if it 's not an important issue , or if the viewer/listener is n't paying attention , you 're better off using persuasion cues ( attractive people , appeals to emotion , humour , suggesting it would make them a part of the in-group etc. ) . 
  a really simple but interesting thing to read up on is called the elaboration likelihood model , i 'm sure there 's a decent wikipedia page on it . 
  once you 've done that , i can teach you about some other tricks like anchoring and adjustment, 
  name badge, 
  huntsman is * by far * the most sane republican . 
  your mother, 
  dude . 
  use some ice soap, 
  outliers by malcolm gladwell, 
  australia thinks it too . 
  having been to england , i certainly was n't persuaded to change my opinion . 
  she says hi, 
  psychologist . 
  you need to talk through this all with a professional , not anonymous strangers on the internet . 
  you need to get an appointment with a psychologist . 
  as for telling your parents , just explain to them that you have some concerns and have been feeling a bit down . 
  make sure they know that you 're okay and they 've done nothing wrong but you just feel like you could get some real value out of talking to someone . 
  suicidal ideation , even if you do n't * plan * to do it , is very serious and you really should speak to someone . 
  we live in , by far , the best times that have ever existed . 
  all over the world there is ** far ** less crime , more access to healthcare , personal freedoms and education than has ever existed . 
  what you 're talking about is the result of the ` availability heuristic ' . 
  the easier to think of an example of something ( think 24 hour news and constant internet updates ) the more prevalant you will think it is . 
  the world is n't perfect but it 's far better than it 's ever been . 
  i do n't mean a couple 's therapy session . 
  i mean one for yourself to talk about what you want and where you 're at . 
  do n't tell them about the suicidal ideation unless absolutely necessary . 
  it 's hard to know how to present it to them without knowing your parents . 
  if they 're likely to worry/freak out , undersell it . 
  if they 're likely to take it as a personal failure , tell them that you 're okay but just feel like you need someone to talk things through with . 
  if they 're likely to tell you that therapy is for sissies then you might want to tell them how important it is . 
  i do n't think you need fixing . 
  i think that you 've got a lot of concerns aout where you 're finding yourself in your life and do n't know what to do . 
  i think that what you really need is to learn some introspection skills and learn how to work out what it is you want and how you really feel . 
  therapy is n't about fixing anything , it 's about giving you the skills to live your life the way you want to live it . 
  well done !, 
  feel free to send me a message after your appointment tomorrow to tell me about your experience . 
  good choice . 
  let me know how you go .
