  how is it shallow * or * pedantic ? 
  well that 's understandable . 
  i guess the thing to do then is to try and separate the eating from the anxiety about eating because they 're two separate things . 
  what 's your * favourite * thing to eat ? 
  you deserve more downvotes than you have . 
  fuzzy wuzzy was all bare . 
  oh dude , bring it in for an e-hug . 
  i suffered from depression myself and now study psychology because i want to help people like you and 3 years ago me . 
  what i want you to do is go out to your favourite place to get chicken wings from . 
  i want you to go by yourself ( with an ipod or a book or anything you like ) and i want you to eat the shit out of some chicken wings . 
  i want you to fucking love them . 
  you know why ? 
  fuck everything else , you want some god damned chicken wings . 
  i expect you to report back afterwards and tell me how delicious they were . 
  i 'll eat some in your honour !, 
  there is no chance i 'm opening that link . 
  excuse my ignorance but is food dumping , dumping aid as food ? 
  it 's not unsolvable . 
  it simply does n't exist . 
  i like to wear a badge that says ianal at parties just to make sure i 'm legally covered . 
  do we have books and our current knowledge ? 
  if so , not * that * long . 
  i love melbourne ( australia ) and would n't want to live anywhere else . 
  maybe just a bigger house in a better suburb . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about , that party is kim jong * il * . 
  sorry , i 'll let myself out . 
  i 'll be expecting your pm . 
  best of luck mate . 
  i 'll leave you with this for now : not sure if you 've seen the movie little miss sunshine but i want you to rent it and think of me when you watch the scene on the pier . 
  i promise you that it 's true . 
  take care . 
   pedantic : overly concerned with minute details or formalisms ... 
  at the risk of being ironic , it 's not actually pedantic . 
  i was attacking his premise , not the minutia of his comment . 
  it 's a basically dead thread . 
  i wanted to tell all 3 of them how inappropriate i thought it was . 
  i know it will change nothing but i really hope they at least think about it . 
  [ haaaaaaaaaaaave you met ted ? 
  ] ( http://www.ted.com/ ), 
  i emphasised the or to signify that i thought it was neither . 
  see that little asterisk next to how long ago he posted ? 
  that means he edited his post . 
  because right now we do n't have a scientific answer beyond knowing that it * does * . 
  they do n't decide to torture because they have money . 
  look at the influence they had . 
  look at the cognitive dissonance they would 've had to go through in trying to understand how their father could be that person . 
  i 'm not at all saying what they did was okay , i just try to remember that even though they had money , i had many more opportunities to be happy than they ever did . 
  others have given good answers but if you have any other questions you might want to ask on [ r/asksocialscience ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/asksocialscience ) as there are a few people there who are either studying it as a graduate or working in the field . 
  i 'll tell you in 12 hours when it 's morning here . 
  can i please get that with a side of heart disease ? 
  shit . 
  that 's not what i 'm studying ? 
  i 've made a terrible , terrible mistake . 
  why downvote op then ? 
  clearly it was a common enough reference that a lot of people found it funny . 
  ctrl + f , context , * ohhhhh *, 
  because they feel like that one vote does n't give them sufficient voice and everyone else should hear what they think is right . 
  i think that philosophy and science are natural partners and that 's plainly evident from the huge amounts of our early scientific knowledge that came from philosophers . 
  i think that there is room for qualitative and quantitative measures in science but the line needs to be clearly drawn and i think the same applies for philosophy and empirical evidence . 
  i believe that the integrity of the objective data needs to be paramount but at the end of the day , all it is is data . 
  without people to interpret it ( be it experts in the field or philosophers ) it does n't have a lot of meaning . 
  i think there 's an important distinction to be made here and that is ; just because we can simulate it , that does n't mean that it does n't occur naturally ( consider electrically stimulating a part of the somatosensory cortex and have a sensation that a certain body part is being touched ) . 
  what a bizarre leap, 
  your joke would 've been much better if you 'd answered bohemian rhapsody, 
  jeff buckley - hallelujah, 
  i can meditate to that shit, 
  [ sextagin tm hardcore male enhancement pills 3 bottles ( of 60 ) penis enlargement pills 3 months 180 pills total , enhanced formula ] ( http://www.amazon.com/sextagin-hardcore-enhancement-enlargement-enhanced/dp/b0028p40yw/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1314665915&amp;sr=8-1 ) . 
  on sale for $ 58, 
  send him another e-mail saying `` because we 're friends i do n't want to have to take this further but you 're not leaving me any other options . 
  if you do n't agree by x date , i 'm going to have to take it further . '', 
  which is a valid point only if you ignore the fact that if you post a reply like that after more than an hour or two on a popular thread it will never get enough upvotes to be seen . 
  i do n't really understand why you 're so concerned about ` link karma whoring ' . 
  either you care about them getting undue karma ( which i doubt ) or you think it 's bringing bad content to the front page . 
  if it 's the latter , i 'd suggest you consider that if it 's getting to the front page people want to see it . 
  if things are getting to the front page ( consistently ) that you do n't approve of , clearly it 's not the right community for you and you should form/look for a new one . 
  tl ; dr if people like it , it deserves to be on the front page . 
  i agree that bieber will never be on the same level as elton . 
  very few people ever will , he is a legend of the industry . 
  however , bieber is * not * talentless . 
  he simply is n't . 
  he may not make your style of music and he may not be the image you like but can he sing ? 
  yes . 
  can he dance ? 
  yes . 
  would i pay to see either ? 
  fuck no . 
  that does n't make him talentless , it just means he makes music for 13 year old girls and he 's very fucking good at that . 
  `` i do like britney spears . 
  i think she 's cute . 
  i think she 's fun . 
  and i like her records . 
  you know , i 'm not a pop snob whatsoever . 
  i think she makes great pop records . '', 
  - elton john . 
  i doubt he would be as insulted as you think . 
  most musicians do accept that there are different genres and you do n't have to like everyone for someone to make good music ( for that genre ) . 
  that 's a great point . 
  my only caveat would be that great artists who do n't get recognition are n't looking for it from 13 year old girls . 
  he is fulfilling a specific role and doing it well , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  she has a stronger jawline,
