  fuck you . 
  if you were a pizza , what type of pizza would you be ? 
  an automated response does n't necessarily mean no-one reviewed it . 
  i had the same from centrelink several times but when i contacted them i was able to talk to the person that reviewed my case . 
  as for your fines , unless you have a really good reason to not pay/contest , you 're out of luck . 
  you can try contact them on the phone/in person but if you did n't pay , you did n't pay . 
  if they do a bad job , it reflects badly on you . 
  `` as i 'm getting older i want to start taking more responsibility for my money . 
  i work hard at my job and i 'd like the opportunity to manage it myself . 
  i really appreciate all the support you 've given me with it . '', 
  hangover is mainly due to dehydration . 
  before you go out drinking , leave a powerade next to your bed . 
  please seek professional help immediately . 
  this is not the right forum for this . 
  beef wellington , truffled mash potato , good cab sav . 
  none . 
  this is n't an issue that anonymous strangers on the internet should be advising you on , it 's a serious mental health issue . 
  you would n't ask for cancer treatment advice on reddit would you ? 
  buy them and try it on . 
  it should be comfortable but not loose . 
  also , the size refers to girth and not length . 
  please never , ever , ever suggest using drugs as a way of coping with what is most likely a mental disorder . 
  your suggestion is potentially very harmful and if you do anything but suggest seeing a professional you 're being negligent . 
  thanks heaps . 
  my brain is totally fried, 
   well , in some states , medical marijuana is used for very useful reasons, 
  so in your professional medical opinion is that the right way to treat his mental health issues ? 
  you know how i know you know nothing about the issue ? 
  it 's because anyone who knows ** anything ** about mental health can tell you that it would be ludicrous and dangerous to give advice about a potentially life-threatening issue like this . 
  #### so brave, 
  which is the bigger circlejerk , / r/atheism or / r/politics ? 
  after tonight , i 'm leaning towards / r/politics . 
  practice with the condom . 
  lots of foreplay . 
  do n't expect to be amazing or worry about your performance - you 'll both enjoy it a lot more if you focus on being connected to her . 
  do n't stress , you 're going to be shit , accept it now . 
  lube is always good, 
  people upvote things they want to see . 
  if you do n't like it , find a subreddit that has content you * do * like . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/nxdiz/its_over_guys_rpolitics_has_won_we_cant/ ), 
  all the better to kill your boner with my dear, 
  part man part bearpig ? 
  10 years ago i 'd just moved high schools and thought i was the smartest person in the world , with all the answers . 
  10 years later i wish i could go back and slap myself so i 'd do some god damn homework . 
  it 's so hard to learn study skills at 24 while needing really good marks ( reddit does n't help ) . 
  have you had your cootie shot ? 
  to link to a subreddit you need a / before the r, 
  i was trying to help you douchebag . 
  wow ... 
  have a good nights rest . 
  drink lots of water . 
  avoid caffeine . 
  get rid of those fucking friends, 
  it 's a joke dude . 
  much worse things are said on the internet every minute, 
  depends on the context . 
  some posts are just stupid and i make an equally stupid joke and move on . 
  if someone asks an intelligent question or invokes my love of teaching people about psychology , i 'll write several paragraphs and be super excited if i get 3 upvotes . 
  by itself ? 
  does it teach some good values ? 
  definitely . 
  8 , wait no . . 6, 
  australia - i studied international relations in the last 2 years of high school and we did a cold war component . 
  other than that , not a huge amount . 
  if i drive 160 mp/h down a suburban road , i may do no harm but that does n't mean i should n't have the shit persecuted out of me for potentially doing a lot of harm . 
  you 're such a mind slut angryamish, 
   you 're right , there 's no such thing as kind , intelligent people with friends who do n't understand the consequences of their actions . 
  what was i thinking . 
  especially when drinking and doing drugs already . 
  people make stupid mistakes . 
  i 'm not saying that op should forgive his friends , i would n't ever speak to them again . 
  however , you ca n't possibly say that he should 've seen it coming , it 's completely unfair and unfounded . 
  and you doing it for years behind her back sure proved that you 're responsible about it . 
  we 're not a counselling service and you lied to your wife for years . 
  you have bigger problems than you should be asking anonymous strangers on the internet about . 
  it does n't matter what the action is or how innocuous you think the behaviour is . 
  if you * know * that your wife does n't approve and do it behind her back for years , the problem is no longer the action . 
  so you ... lied, 
  you asked the question to a general audience and i gave my opinion . 
  it 's not my fault you fucked up and are clearly just on here trying to get people to back you up . 
  even a place as pro-weed as reddit can see you fucked up . 
  stop acting like a scumbag . 
  you 're on here asking for people to agree with you when you should be telling her that you fucked up and want to quit . 
  you might even want to suggest couple 's counselling . 
  i know that if my wife had lied to me about * anything * for years i 'd be very hard to convince that things had changed . 
  then stop acting like a fucking victim . 
  go tell her you fucked up and stop looking for people to agree with you . 
  actually make an effort to fix things . 
  your posts in here are pathetic . 
  you 're doing nothing but feeling sorry for yourself and getting angry at anyone who sides with her . 
  grow up man . 
  from where i 'm sitting , you 're in no way ready to be married . 
  hide a small spycamera inside her vagina . 
  ps : they 're definitely having sex . 
  at this point you 're much better off being a supportive brother than a condemning one who will alienate her . 
  if you 're on her team , you have a chance to help her . 
  if you 're judging her , she 'll shut you out . 
  if you go to the cops , she 'll never forgive you . 
  scrubs did it a bunch of times but i think only for a scene at a time , not a whole episode . 
  go to the doctor .
