  which head ? 
  my biggest secret : i get happy when i receive comment karma . 
  i love knowing that people thought i was funny/interesting enough to want other people to see my comment . 
  i do n't think there 's any reason to be ashamed of that either . 
  it 's mainly a secret because i do n't feel like being proud of it should matter but other people think that it says something about me . 
  as an aside : it 's worth assuming that the reason that the first dwarf that came into your head was doc , was that you were primed to think about doctors by being around her . 
  edit : it seems fitting that this post is the reason i hit 150k comment karma today . 
  thanks !, 
  fun milestone to reach . 
  that 's so ironic . 
  edit : even writing it myself , as a joke , that hurts me to read . 
  * blushes *, 
  great !, 
  now i have to change my work pants . 
  do n't say that , he 'll start calling you butthurt and following you around from post to post saying that your academic pursuits are n't worthwhile . 
  it 's very distressing . 
  clearly reddit did n't feel the same way about yours, 
  the importance of sex is directly inverse to how often you 're having it . 
  when you do n't have it , it feels like the most important thing in the world . 
  it 's really not and it will happen soon enough , do n't stress about it . 
  think about how bad our species are at pregnancies . 
  not just that , think about how useless babies are . 
  that 's the payoff for having these giant brains . 
  intelligence is n't an end-goal of evolution , it 's a means of attaining survival and it comes with consequences ( like longer development , high energy consumption etc ), 
  thanks !, 
  i hate you . 
  there are only about 10 unique questions . 
  the rest are excuses to tell stories and reposts . 
  it 's called the [ impostor syndrome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impostor_syndrome ) and it 's very common . 
  everyone has some good luck and some bad luck . 
  the important thing is what you do with it . 
  you took advantage of your chances and you deserve to feel proud of that . 
  edit : the wiki article is fairly short but this is a real phenomenon that is studied in psychology courses . 
  do n't let the bad article lead you to think otherwise . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-scientific-fundamentalist/200907/the-imposter-syndrome ) is a better article on it . 
  you can argue that but it does n't make it scientifically relevant . 
  evolution is n't a path to a certain end-point , it 's a process of the genes that best lead to reproduction becoming more common . 
  we 're heavily outnumbered by a lot of species , surely they 've been more `` successful '' than us , right ? 
  go on then , here 's your time to shine , show it to us . 
  why does superior matter and why is that your definition of superior ? 
  evolution is n't about making one species superior . 
  it 's not a process set out to reach a certain goal . 
  it 's not `` about '' anything . 
  it 's just something that happens . 
  also , the environment does matter . 
  let me give you a really basic example , okay ? 
  a cow has 10 babies . 
  by chance 5 of them are much bigger and stronger than the other 5 because they inherited a gene that causes much more muscle growth . 
  in this imaginary paddock , there 's not much food . 
  the cows all eat a bit but because of the large amount of muscle they have , the larger 5 need much more nutrition and die younger . 
  the 5 smaller cows were n't `` stronger '' , they were just better adapted for that environment . 
  as a result , the 5 smaller ones are * more * likely to pass on their genes and if several generations happened in that paddock , the cows would get smaller and smaller . 
  it 's possible that it 's not by choice . 
  ( not saying he should be ridiculed ), 
  i can eat an entire person whose bmi is 16, 
  see !, 
   feel the need, 
  did you decide which genes to have before you were born ? 
  mtk4000 what 's your biggest pet peeve ? 
  do n't play it down , i chuckled and handed you an upvote . 
  nope , that one was just personal experience . 
  same . 
  i 've got some that got 40/0 that i 'm really proud of and others that are around 2000 that i really do n't care about . 
  also , any karma i get on / r/explainlikeimfive / r/askscience / r/asksocialscience feel like they 're worth more to me . 
  unholydemigod , answering that would be my biggest regret . 
  well , this one time , my boss wanted to know which cancelled tv show i would bring back . 
  the answer was firefly and arrested development . 
  oh god he 's starting to get angry . 
  you 're in for it now . 
  he 's going to start calling everyone butthurt and following them from thread to thread . 
  you were kind of asking for it with that name . 
  do you think i get all upset when i get the 300th `` hey , you 're not jesus '' for the day ? 
  i 'm hoping to hit 150k today . 
  i also hit my 100k in askreddit milestone today . 
  it 's fun !, 
  this is far better than my asnwer . 
  get this man to the top . 
  i sent you a pm, 
  having a job where i get to reddit the whole time is a large part of the reason . 
  i replied to your reply . 
  we should probably stop making others read this . 
  caught !, 
  sex is complicated . 
  there are no rules like that . 
  i was awkward as hell for the first while , way too anxious . 
  others are fine . 
  sex is a wonderful thing but you can certainly do it wrong . 
  protip : the best part of sex is sharing it with someone you 're in love with . 
  it 's not awesome in a `` this is the best feeling ever '' kind of way , it 's awesome in a `` i ca n't believe how close i feel to you '' kind of way . 
  sure it feels good physically but the connection is incredible . 
  i agree to some extent . 
  i certainly get a lot more enjoyment out of well received responses in / r/askscience , / r/explainlikeimfive and / r/asksocialscience . 
  nope . 
  just a very naughty boy . 
  yup . 
  i really , really want a hoverboard . 
  you know what i want more , people to not be picked on or missing out on rights because of who they are . 
  i ca n't even believe it 's still an issue . 
  i do n't think `` equality '' is a reasonable goal in terms of money . 
  i think the goal should be raising the hell out of the minimum standards of living .
