  just a reminder to everyone that this thread is about how to approach h ~ ~ is ~ ~ er father with his concerns . 
  any medical advice will be removed as it 's incredibly dangerous and inappropriate for this subreddit . 
  if you notice any medical advice , as always , please message the mods and report the post . 
  edit : assumptions . 
  are you sure you were n't hallucinating from lack of sleep ? 
  i had to remove this post because it breaks several rules . 
  i recommend you talk to a good therapist about this because it is going to pose challenges for you in the future , even if it is n't currently distressing . 
  best of luck . 
  i found `` the one '' by putting myself on a dating website and going on a dozen terrible dates before meeting her . 
  people who wait for things to fall in their lap tend to be disappointed . 
  edit : accidentally a word, 
  this is a medical issue and something to talk about with your doctor . 
  [ meditate . 
  ctrl shift n, 
  published in cognition , not bad . 
  my favourite is the wine tasting version of these where you can convince a professional wine taster that white wine is red . 
  due to * very * popular demand , the mods decided to allow `` story time '' posts as long as there was at least an attempt to get stories out of other people . 
  i think op did that . 
  nothing beats [ christian the lion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_the_lion ), 
   christian was a lion originally purchased by australians john rendall and anthony `` ace '' bourke from harrods department store of london , england , in 1969 and ultimately reintroduced to the african wild by conservationist george adamson . 
  one year after adamson released christian to the wild , his former owners decided to go looking for him to see whether christian would remember them . 
  he did , and with him were two lionesses who accepted the men as well . 
  [ here is the video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr1pwzolvt8 ) of their reunion . 
  it 's not a rule change . 
  we clarified our interpretation of the rules based on the response of the subreddit . 
  we 've asked the subreddit as a whole a few times whether they want us to `` outlaw '' story posts and the overwhelming response was no . 
  that 's a different subreddit and i have no control over their rules . 
  i 'm not going to comment on how they mod their sub because that 's their choice . 
  i just try to do the best i can at modding askreddit . 
  do n't turn down free protein . 
  that 's what i always say . 
  same for food in my teeth or a fly undone . 
  oh fair enough . 
  we do get a lot of modmail from people who do n't realise that mods only run a subreddit and ask for help in different subs . 
  you certainly have n't offended me . 
  if you want my honest opinion it 's this : the outrage should n't be at the mod who enforced the rule , it should be at the rule itself . 
  on a case by case basis , the mods job is to enforce the rules , not make a judgement on whether the rule is good . 
  if you want long-term change , you need to discuss the rule itself . 
  what kind of restaurant serves doritos and crab . 
  i think i worked out their problem . 
  so tempting !, 
  thanks pal, 
  i just saw it about 15 minutes ago . 
  he literally posted it just as i went to sleep last night . 
  it 's unnecessary to get that public apology but it is nice to have 1 `` you did good '' for every 100 `` mods are hitler '' we get . 
  that 's the cutest thing i 've ever heard . 
  you 're certainly not the first or last . 
  the green tag is a bit of a beacon for downvotes at times . 
  thanks . 
  i really appreciate that . 
  i really want to know what he wrote his thesis on . 
  that 's a horrendous idea . 
  what are you replacing it with ? 
  corporations running education ? 
  you think that would improve it ? 
  like how school boards currently get to decide the textbooks . 
  that works ** really ** well . 
  also , i ca n't think of any reason you 'd want all schools held up to a single standard . 
  let 's let politicians in every state fuck with their system each time they 're running for re-election . 
  protip : you could make the most eloquent argument in the world but if it starts with, 
   as a high school student, 
  people on reddit will disregard the rest of what you say . 
  sad but true . 
  it does n't look all that pleasant at times when the lion is putting all its weight on him . 
  not to mention when the lioness walks up . 
  he did n't even flinch and just assumed that because he was cool with christian the lioness would be fine . 
  appletini , hold the tini . 
  i do n't think you understand several parts of your own comment . 
  i saw it !, 
  very nice but unnecessary . 
  5 year old me cared not for ladies . 
  where the fuck were my cartoons, 
  hey barbed , do you mind me asking what , if any treatment you receive for your anxiety condition ? 
  i 'm terrified of heights . 
  i got stuck in a lift just recently and started to panic . 
  panic begets more panic and it got bad . 
  i tried to remember my breathing and worked my way through it . 
  thanks mmine1 you 're one of my favourites now too !, 
  it sounds like you 'd benefit from it . 
  do you know what options are available to you ? 
  good luck !, 
  if you need any help or support , let me know and i 'll try to help you out . 
  just someone who works/studies in the field and wants to help people get good care . 
  it 's a travesty we do n't talk more openly about mental illness and how to treat it so i certainly want you to be rewarded for being willing to discuss it openly . 
  a lot of guys just clicked on your username . 
  ps : nice vagina, 
  i 'm very different to the vast majority of people on reddit but i can certainly find common ground with people all over the world . 
  that 's kind of amazing . 
  and , for most , we can even learn to see eye to eye on our differences . 
  well , i do think therapy is the best option for you if it 's that pervasive in your life . 
  your doctor was also smart in recommending meditation as there are dozens of great studies showing it reduces anxiety . 
  why do you think that talking to someone would n't help ? 
  i mean this in the nicest way possible but do you think it 's possible that there might be more to your anxiety than you understand currently ? 
  i never intended to say the battle is the same . 
  what i was trying to show is the extra challenge with food issues in that you have to face it so constantly . 
  i do n't for a second want to say any addiction is harder to deal with than another or even that all people who struggle with their weight are addicted . 
  the second half is my personal feelings . 
  the top part is the scientific view . 
  it 's not my personal area of expertise but this is how it was explained to me by someone ( a professional researcher ) who has done research on the topic . 
  you can be addicted to anything but yes , there are several eating disorders recognised in the dsm .
