  she may understand , she may not . 
  if she does n't , looks like you 're paying for college . 
  part of being an adult is understanding that relationships are n't all good or all bad . 
  they 're messy and complicated . 
  especially with family . 
  do n't try to fix it , do n't try to break it . 
  let her go through the process of understanding who you are again because to her this is a huge fundamental change ( even if you do n't agree ) . 
  sure she 's handled it poorly but you get to be the adult here and be patient with her , give her the chance to come around to the idea . 
  if she does n't and she 's not emotionally capable of doing so , it would be very sad but at least you know where you stand . 
  it 's much harder to sit there with the upset but it 's far better than blowing things up by escalating . 
  best of luck !, 
  no there 's no reason besides some people feeling uncomfortable with the idea ( there 's some suggestion that for many it 's a sign of homosexual or general sexual repression but the studies are fairly dubious ) . 
  being gay is something you 're born with , not something you choose . 
  it 's like saying there 's something wrong with having blue eyes . 
  sure you can wear colour contacts and pretend not to but you 'll always have blue eyes . 
  gum cancer dude, 
  do you follow me around saying gaaaaaaaaayyyyy randomly ? 
  you consider giving your girlfriend a massage gay ? 
  how old are you ? 
  how stupid are you ? 
  complex behaviours and personalities tend to be the combination of many different genes . 
  if you 're looking for some interesting stuff on the fundamental difference between libs/conservatives , watch jonathan haidt 's ted talk ( he 's a psych researcher ) . 
  you need to think of going to college like your new job . 
  give yourself work hours , break times and everything . 
  while you 're `` at work '' you do n't do shit that would get you into trouble at the office . 
  take out that divide in your head between being at the office and studying , it 's all just work . 
  put the hours in and you 'll be fine . 
  yes it 's cheating and yes you 're an asshole for spying on your girlfriend . 
  leave her , she 's a cheater . 
  i am jesus, 
  that 's so weird , this one time i was in class and saw someone else use facebook which i totes use all the time . 
  anyway now we 're bf4l, 
  thousands is an incredible understatement, 
  i want to staple rick santorum 's nutsack to a bull . 
  i have not done this . 
  yet . 
  why was he in a prison and not a mental facility ? 
  do you have large gang problems in your prison ? 
  if so , how are the gangs divided ? 
  are they on race lines ? 
  who 's the dominant gang ? 
  is the influence of gangs in prison completely overblown by shows like gangland ? 
  [ you 're welcome ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/all/top/?sort=top&amp;t=all ), 
  frodo is worse . 
  he does nothing that special and is a complete drain on samwise . 
  if anything , sam is the hero for putting up with frodo 's bitching, 
  threesome maybe , by herself no . 
  every guy is different though , i 'm probably in the minority . 
  it depends though . 
  if it was a dealbreaker for her and she had to be with other women i 'm sure we could work something out but i would n't choose it . 
  go see a doctor dingus . 
  you probably have n't but you 're still a dingus for not seeing a doctor if you think it is broken . 
  when did i say it was ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  using a shampoo bottle up your ass to the point of excessive bleeding can quite easily be considered maladaptive behaviour, 
  magikarp because fuck you that 's why, 
  no that 's way too simple and logical . 
  what you need is a complex plan involving wires and dummies . 
  the last 2 are particularly good if you know her from the bus, 
  masturbate on the bus, 
  or stare . 
  building a staircase can be laborious and difficult in the small space . 
  you broke the only rule, 
  bieber , backed up by mariah carey , rebecca black and ke $ ha , singing bohemian rhapsody . 
  i just threw up on my keyboard . 
  ga-li-le-ohhhh ga-li-le-ohhhh, 
  my god . . it would last for hours . 
  about 1 million . 
  on the upside , coat hanger sales are ** way ** up . 
  / r/idiots, 
  it 's not that simple :, 
  1 ) self-efficacy ( your sense that you can achieve things ) is incredibly important for motivation and achievement, 
  2 ) expectations are decided by many conscious and unconscious factors . 
  for example , anchoring means that you will always adjust to your current situation ( this is why lottery winners are no happier 6 months later ) . 
  in the words of billy joel :, 
  `` slow down , you crazy child . 
  you 're so ambitious for a juvenile , but if you 're so smart , tell me why are you still so afraid ? 
  where 's the fire what 's the hurry about , you 'd better cool it off before you burn it out ,, 
  you 've got so much to do and only so many hours in a day . '', 
  that chart is n't controlled for socio-economic status . 
  you 'd likely be much better off saying i do n't want to sleep with poor people, 
  depression and excessive anxiety ( highly correlated ) both can have loss of appetite as a symptom . 
  neurochemically , it 's a combination of ( low ) serotonin and ( high ) cortisol causing it . 
   she ended up punching the other girl out of jealousy, 
  i 've read enough to make my verdict . 
  run !, 
  if she 's eager to cheat and you 've told her that 's not okay with you , you need to get out . 
  she has no respect for your boundaries or rules . 
  this should be a dealbreaker for you . 
  first of all , not all bisexuals are cheaters . 
  second , if you ca n't stick to it , you should n't make that commitment . 
  third , open marriages exist and work for some people , if you `` need '' to cheat , you should be in one . 
  wipe better, 
  you guys have a lot of problems . 
  perceptions of self-efficacy are domain specific . 
  i hate all generalisations . 
  no difference to most marriages amirite guys ? 
  the gardener, 
  while you may think that your erection is a compliment , i 'd avoid pointing it out to them . 
  it makes you come off a bit strong .
