  i do n't actually understand why it 's legal to sell someone a product that does n't do what it 's supposed to do . 
  if i sell you a couch that does n't hold your weight , you 're entitled to a refund . 
  yet , if i sell you a bullshit medicine i 'm not at all liable for my bullshit claims . 
  make sure you wait long enough, 
  longer than you did, 
  [ hallelujah - jeff buckley ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8awff7eac4 ), 
  what the fuck . 
  is this really james adomian ? 
  i 'm a huge fan . 
  coming to see you at the melbourne comedy festival . 
  this thread is long over but thought you might find this interesting . 
  studies actually show that people who take regular vitamins actually have worse health outcomes due to the [ licensing effect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-licensing ), 
  i 'll assume here that you 're referring to mental illness ( in a diagnosable sense ) and not the layman sense of being insane because that does n't really have a set definition . 
  the first important point , and this has been mentioned by others , is that traits/behaviours of mentally ill people are extremes of normal behaviours ( either excess or absence ) . 
  secondly , and i think this is the important distinction , the behaviours/traits have to be maladaptive ( hurt one 's ability to function ) or distressing . 
  thirdly , these traits/behaviours have to be enduring and in many contexts . 
  most people make stupid decisions ( like credit cards they ca n't afford ) from time to time . 
  lastly , these * have * to be seen in a social context . 
  there 's a big difference between someone saying that their god has spoken to them and saying that `` the evil magic '' talks to them . 
  so , the short answer is that mental illness is complicated . 
  everyone has strengths and weaknesses and traits that would be similar to those who are mentally ill . 
  however , there 's a big difference between someone feeling anxious in a given moment and having an anxiety disorder . 
  it 's actually daniel radcliffe, 
  it 's really not a valid claim at all . 
  i mean , all therapies ( medical or psychological ) are affected by the placebo effect but therapy has outperformed placebos consistently for the last few decades , in study after study . 
  english convicts killed lots of the natives and then forced the survivors ( a few generations later ) to live in white homes, 
  really do n't even need to soak it . 
  i have one and after cooking for hours and hours you can wipe just about anything off with cold water and a dish cloth . 
  it 's incredible . 
  actually , recent polls show that she 's ahead of abbott in a 2-leader preferred vote . 
  hilariously though , rudd still is more popular than her . 
  oh my god i want it so bad but ca n't in any way justify it . 
  it 's not an eli5 answer but it 's a brilliant piece . 
  actually , it 's both , given that it 's normally distributed . 
  actually , it 's a sd of 15, 
  i did n't say otherwise . 
  all i was doing was commenting on what raezak_am said . 
  you refer to them as what they want to be referred to as . 
  it 's that simple . 
  there is n't a correct way . 
  some m -  f prefer to be called by male pronouns , some prefer female , others do n't mind . 
  if you 've got a friend named michael , you 're not going to call him mick if he really hates it . 
  he 's allowed to choose between mick , mike , michael , mikey etc. 
  there 's no correct way not all michaels want to be called the same . 
  michael will always be michael on his birth certificate . 
  calling him mike does n't change that . 
  they wo n't change on a chromosomal level , no-one is claiming that they will . 
  i do n't understand what you 're arguing against . 
  also , you may want to look up the difference between sex and gender . 
  i 'm going to stop responding because at this point it 's clear that you 're not actually interested in learning and simply want to have an argument about a topic you 've already decided your position on . 
  best of luck . 
  protip : your cakeday does n't start until you log on, 
  i agree but only if they 're not incentivized to do overnight jobs where they take insane amount of stimulants and tailgate at above the sleep limit on the interstate . 
  for aomeone from another country the tipping culture in america is bizarre, 
  i remember oscar saying that on a chat show . 
  ps : if you like unscripted , you should watch the league . 
  the entire thing is unscripted . 
  it 's still one of the funniest shows on television . 
  i was on ssris twice for about about 2 months . 
  they helped to stabilise me but it was the therapy that changed my life . 
  find a good psychologist and invest in the process . 
  naive , younger me had always had a fantasy about getting a happy ending massage . 
  do n't know why , it was just a thing i always used to fantasise about . 
  anyway , after going to 2 different dodgy looking massage parlours with no luck , i thought i needed to be more proactive and googled `` happy ending massage [ my city ] '' . 
  i picked a place not too far away and set off . 
  it was only once i walked through the door where my brain kicked in and realised that , of course , it was n't a massage parlour but a brothel . 
  at that moment the madame came out and asked me if i 'd been there before . 
  i said no and she quickly rushed me off to one of the rooms . 
  she told me to wait there a moment on the disgusting bed . 
  terrified , i did . 
  she then proceeded to send the ladies in one by one to give me their sales pitch of why i should pick them . 
  it was a while ago now but i remember one saying `` you look clean so i do n't mind licking your balls if you 're into that '' . 
  after the last girl left the madame came back in and asked me which i wanted . 
  i mumbled something about needing to think about it and ran out . 
  this post really is n't appropriate for askreddit . 
  as someone has already pointed out , you should repost it on / r/ideasfortheadmins, 
   but some supplements with active ingredients may or may not be effective for some people . 
  the science is n't there yet on their efficacy . 
  so the field of medicine should push anything that is n't disproven yet ? 
  that 's not how science works . 
  not just that , if you actually read the text you 'll find out that noah was raped shortly after the flood ended ... by his grandson . 
  noah in turn cursed him . 
  it gets even crazier . 
   the story 's original objective was to justify the subjection of the canaanites to the israelites , [ 6 ] but in later centuries , the narrative was interpreted by some jews , [ 7 ] christians and muslims as a curse of , and an explanation for , black skin . 
  ... then defriend her ? 
  standing , arms out to the side . 
  i 'm worried they 'll burn and i 'll be forever scraping with my wooden spoon . 
  it 's clearly not the entire class . 
  i 'm assuming that just the better looking members said yes . 
  hear hear . 
  i do n't go on / r/atheism but i find those complaining about it just as obnoxious as / r/atheism itself . 
  ent is a nice word for drug addict . 
  you ca n't . 
  you just think you can . 
  here are plenty of medicines where the exact mechanism of action is n't known . 
  decades of studies show that anti-depressants outperform placebos, 
  hoooo boy , stepping back from this one, 
  if your hair is the length of a curtain , you should probably groom a little bit . 
  [ christian the lion ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btuxo-c2ize ) . 
  basically , it used to be possible to buy a lion in the uk .
