  from my experience , on top . 
  it will also mean that you can work on yourself manually at the same time , may get you over the line . 
  jeff buckley can be all 3 . 
  nothing . . 
  he thinks you 're a candle . 
  it means he wants to burn you . 
  you heartless beast, 
  i 'll let you off with a warning and a light spanking, 
  medium rare . 
  once you go past medium , you 're really messing with the taste and will probably be given worse cuts by the kitchen . 
  i really expected that to be a flamboyant guy, 
  you lost me at, 
   faith in science, 
  if you think science has anything do with faith , you understand neither term . 
  at least it 's less permanent than an equally trashy tramp stamp, 
  we could hit the strip clubs in our downtime, 
  congratulations sir , i 'd like to award you the ` worst question of the day award ' . 
  it would be impossible to judge otherwise, 
  did you revoke his man card ? 
  nice try , fbi, 
  be an adult and leave without making a fuss . 
  they employed you and paid you for 3 years and if you wanted to leave earlier you could . 
  red wine because of tryptophan . 
  go to a physiotherapist, 
   when will women finally understand that ** some ** of us like it shaved ... ? 
  ( or waxed ), 
  ftfy, 
  also , have you ever waxed your genitals ? 
  this is so old hipsters think it 's cool, 
  that 's silly , there wo n't be a world left . 
  religion when i was about 16 . 
  the point of the question is n't to see if you can say a trick answer , the point is to see whether you can identify your own weakness ( which everyone has ) and then identify ways to remedy it . 
  the point is n't the weakness , it 's the remedy . 
  doing your ... son, 
  write her a poem/cute note, 
  * make *, 
  that 's cute, 
  what does she like ? 
  it 's not hard to make some bacon and eggs . 
  ( suggestion from my so ) go pick her some wild flowers . 
  fruit salad ? 
  all you have to do is some chopping . 
  1 ) we are the universe comprehending itself, 
  2 ) insignificant does n't begin to describe our position in the universe, 
  they use them for sword fights, 
  she sounds like a lucky girl , you seem very loving . 
  living in an area with almost no snow i did not realise that it was n't like in the movies where people throw snowballs and it does n't hurt . 
  long story short , i gave my ex a concussion by nailing her in the back of the head with a ball of ice . 
  i did read a story about a guy who did that for about 14 hours before he became too exhausted . 
  i think his name was l. gullab or something like that, 
  just try to do a little bit at a time . 
  it might never feel ` easy ' but try doing a tiny bit more than you feel comfortable with and you will get better at it over time . 
  since this is the serious answer and my other one is n't , i 'll add that you can request to have them kept . 
  orthodox jews will have their limbs stored and then be buried with them as they believe that they are supposed to be buried whole ( it 's why orthodox jews do n't normally donate their organs ) . 
  exfoliate after, 
  most areas that have a large orthodox community will have a small organisation that deals with jewish burials ( it 's called the chevra kadisha here ) and they do it for you . 
  that 's what i 've found so far . 
  i do n't even know what keywords to search for though . 
  it 's what i keep hearing, 
  thanks , i 'll check it out, 
  i 'd wipe out switzerland . 
  those assholes are making everyone else look bad, 
  that is such a god-awful idea . 
  i know this whole ` we hate the banks ' thing is cool right now but you do intellectually understand why that 's so stupid right ? 
  yes . 
  i do . 
  i did n't say the current bank system is * good * i just said that that idea was fucking horrible . 
  please feel free to actually read my answers in the future . 
  thanks, 
  that depends on the type of relationship . 
  i can achieve far more than i would be able to without my so because i have a safe home base to always return to , i feel safer to step out and test my limits . 
  significant other, 
  according to one of michael shermer 's books ; gossip had a very useful evolutionary function in that it was the method for explaining who was contributing to a society and who was n't . 
  i did n't misunderstand anything . 
  your reply did n't actually address what i said and it assumed a position i do n't have . 
  sorry , i do n't mean to sound pissy at you but getting strawmanned on reddit happens surprisingly often for a website where they can read your answer more than once . 
  you put your right leg in . . 
  `` what the fuck are you doing with your leg ? '', 
  you can start with ` uprising ' and then follow it up with ` cave ' and ` forced in ' just as long as you do n't play ` resistance ' , she might get the wrong idea . 
  r/firstworldproblems does allow images . . 
  at least flies will touch me, 
  inb4 do n't forget your parachute, 
  * sarcastic laugh *, 
  false !, 
  the reason i drink is crippling loneliness and mommy issues . 
  ha . . ha ... ha jokes on you, 
  i showed like a baby penguin . 
  it 's definitely either an attempt to get link karma ( because apparently it 's now more valuable than comment karma or something ) and not because the thread is already so big that no-one would see it . 
  definitely one or the other , probably your thing . 
  let 's be honest patrick , when it comes to touching other people more than a few seconds is a fairly generous estimate . 
  you do n't reddit at your job ? 
  it 's time to go job hunting sir . 
  collingwood are the best team at the moment but their fans are absolute fucking bogans and every other club hates them . 
  `` do n't worry , i had an std test a month ago and have n't slept with anyone since '', 
  take my advice kiddies . 
  if she 'll * let * you have sex without a condom you want to wear a fucking condom . 
  she needs to call the cops and not fuck around with this . 
  i 'm clean now , luckily it was curable . 
  almost ruined my relationship with the love of my life though ( we got together shortly after ), 
  what a fucking bitch .
