  unless you want cheap drugs of course . 
  because i never proofread my speling, 
  it 's not just that , the appeal processes and stuff cost the state way more . 
  i did that for a while ( moved on to red wine ) . 
  each week , go to a big bottle shop and bring home a belgian beer . 
  i always make a point to pee first . 
  i 'm a plan ahead kind of masturbator . 
  chimay is always good . 
  because my time is too valuable to be worrying about spelling . 
  i could be ... umm . . doing * other * things on reddit . 
  i ca n't have sex unless i 've just peed . 
  seriously my girlfriend initiates sex by asking me if i need to pee . 
  try not being a cock next time . 
  i 'm not sure how much it costs for movies but bing also sponsor my comments . 
  bing , we 're as good as google . 
  there are lots of ways to deal with an existential crisis without invoking mythic belief . 
  have you read any philosophy ? 
  spoken to a therapist ? 
  found some good fiction that appeals to you ? 
  how many letters are license plates where you 're from ? 
  i completely tune out poverty ads on t.v, 
  not sure how but that 's a really sweet idea and i want to commend your girlfriend for doing it . 
  how 'd you find it ? 
  what are you actually looking for ? 
  i 'll be happy to help guide your search . 
  also , if you want to talk to http://www.talkatheist.org they 're really good . 
  they 're surprisingly non-partisan and have a lot of experience talking to people going through this sort of experience . 
  i do n't have a problem with it . 
  right now , it 's illegal to take those drugs . 
  i do n't think it 's unconstitutional to require people to not regularly break the law to receive those benefits . 
  irrespective of whether or not you think they * should * be legalised , i do n't think it 's unfair to require people to follow to rules to get welfare . 
  your mother, 
  heaven bitches put out . 
  had my first relationship about 3 weeks before my 22nd birthday . 
  i 've seen a few tops . 
  only in america is that something odd . 
  in australia you 'd be in the vast minority if you had . 
  i think you 've misunderstood the point of lmgtfy . 
  my erection . 
  wait until they 're old enough to understand it completely, 
  i stayed over at her place pretty early on ( just slept ) and remember waking up in the morning feeling so good about myself and more at peace than i could remember feeling . 
  especially being so neurotic it was something that had tortured me for ages . 
  what you 're talking about is a naturalistic fallacy and is quite silly . 
  organ donations save uncountable lives . 
  considering the topic is `` what odd things can you claim ? '', 
  and he has a lot of upvotes i thought that indicated it was quite common to have fired a gun . 
  exactly this . 
  also , clearly you have n't been together that long , do you really think they should have to pay $ 100-200 for him to come ? 
  because the office is funnier and more popular than either of those shows ? 
  edit : earl jumped the shark when he was in his coma . 
  clearly people do watch it though . 
  they do n't keep shows on the air for that many seasons if people do n't watch it . 
  yes . 
  it would be so horrible . 
  also , hiv is much more prevalent in third-world countries than in western countries . 
  it would be impossible to do anyway . 
  because you have n't learned to enjoy life without mind-altering substances . 
  from behind . 
  they strike out when angry . 
  it 's not quite that simple . 
  skeptic 's guide to the universe, 
  psychobabble, 
  the psych files, 
  the atheist experience, 
  hamish and andy, 
  big ideas, 
  the commonwealth club, 
  nature podcast, 
  neuroscene, 
  neuropod, 
  john hopkin 's podcast, 
  brain science podcast, 
  dr karl on triple j, 
  shrink wrap radio, 
  wise counsel podcast, 
  60 second mind, 
  ** edit ** : these are the ones that come to mind , i 'm going to add a few i 've seen in here too . 
  apparently , i listen to a lot of podcasts . 
  i 've never boxed a kangaroo, 
  it means you 're an atheist . 
  `` should we really be using an automatic pistol for russian roulette ? '', 
  she does n't eat much so whenever we go out for food i make sure she orders something that i want to eat and normally get half of it . 
  i have n't tried because i 'm not a creepy asshole but i assume that , no , i could n't . 
  you people * are * my friends, 
  i still think about her sometimes , wonder what she 's up to . 
  i have fond memories and it 's nice to think about them sometimes . 
  if it 's maladaptive you should see a therapist to learn some tools ( preferrably someone who does cbt ) . 
  otherwise , meditation will help . 
  i recommend mindfulness meditation and ucla have some great intro downloads to learn how . 
  where abouts ? 
  i 'm from melbourne , kind of curious . 
  i watch both . 
  the americans suck compared to the aussies but i 'm so jealous that you have gordon . 
  yes but only to show off . 
  if you do n't want to be selected , randomly yell out `` the voices '' before jury selection . 
  works a treat . 
  you lost me at homeopathy . 
  thanks mate . 
  soon, 
  that 's the best part of quitting my old job and going back to university .
