  alternatively , you could do your own homework, 
  rebecca black - friday, 
  i had no words after i heard it, 
  do one thing at a time . 
  i 've been adding everyone 's suggestions, 
  a redditor friend of mine said to me the other day that he feels more like a citizen of the internet than australia or russia ( where he was born ) . 
  it 's an interesting idea . 
  the point is that there 's no right answer and you should n't be looking for a binary sensation that you 're either a or b. 
  say what you think best describes you . 
  do n't overthink it , everyone is much more focussed on themselves than you . 
  if you 're friendly and kind people will want to be around you , it 's that simple . 
  at not point in your post did you tell me how erect you are . 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  oh , i noticed and it 's disgusting . 
  shame on you . 
  how 's that novelty working out for you ? 
  totally based on personal experience in a call centre but i found if i move my hands as i talk , like i normally would , i spoke much more expressively and was far more persuasive . 
  from a psychological perspective ( which i actually do study ) your brain is very bad at telling the difference between synthesised emotions and real ones . 
  [ amazing video on that ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lto_dzuvbja ) . 
  if you force yourself to smile , barring particular extenuating circumstances like a horrible mood , your brain will make the pieces fit together and i would think that it would make you speak more expressively . 
  given you wear a hijab i 'm going to have to go with batwoman . 
  mine was kind of weird because we met on holiday when i was 13 ( she was 16 - well played 13 year old me ) and just got on amazingly . 
  when we each got back our respective homes we talked on msn every night for hours . 
  it was kind of harder in a way because there was never really a clear break , just slowly lost contact over the next 2 years . 
  i 'd tried really hard to organise our family holidays going to the same place and i never imagined i could love anyone as much as i did her . 
  i would say that colbert has some effect on fox news, 
  beef wellington, 
  if you want to be really good ; open the door for her then close it after her . 
  walk around to the other side of the cab and get in that side . 
  work for a charity , that way you have a paid job but you 're still making a difference . 
  i do n't really understand what about my statement you disagree with . 
  my point was that how you identify yourself does n't * have * to be binary and whatever feels most right is what you should say . 
  nope , sorry . 
  too messy and would create too many imbalances straight away . 
  it 's different if you 're already in love with them but it would be unwise to start there . 
  yes , it 's normal . 
  if it were to the point where she could n't have a crush on a human ( or it made things very complicated ) it would be called paraphilia . 
  you need to remember that for a lot of women sexual attraction is n't simply about looks , they can be attracted to the idea of someone . 
  best tl ; dr ever . 
  i really , really , do n't want you to fap to my near-death experience . 
  you may find [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terror_management_theory ) really interesting . 
  if you 're a guy and there is more than 1 urinal free , it is man law that you pick one ** not ** next to someone if possible . 
  sorry , i did realise that it was a serious post , i was just trying to make light of your name . 
  i love that you picked two really skinny famous guys and then the hulk, 
  sign language ? 
  why are you making upgrades instead of fixing the reasons it 's being foreclosed ? 
  i believe in mandatory gorilla masturbation and if i 'm elected we 'll be seeing far more of it . 
  answer questions in the new queue of askreddit, 
  wow , that 's really impressive for you . 
  i remember reading that in america it 's actually more expensive to execute them because of the long appeals processes . 
  i do n't know your legal system well enough to say why but that 's what i heard . 
  if you 're seriously wondering go see your doctor . 
  i really wish to know the answer to your third question . 
  brainiac is mythbusters for people 7 year olds with add . 
  that being said , it 's awesome . 
  no but that 's because i 'm sane . 
  people understand what is going on, 
  ooo and while we 're at it , sorry dixie chicks, 
  you 're assuming sexuality and gender are binary, 
  and not cleaning it . 
  if you 're very overweight and an actor you probably assume that 's what 's going to happen and do n't get too offended by it . 
  so australia/america/africa do n't get to play or did you assume it was caucasians vs asians and blacks do n't really count . 
  how did someone beat me to this, 
  hmmm . 
  probably, 
  [ i would walk 500 miles ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch%3fv%3dkzojpl-p_5a ), 
  there 's an automatic number fudging system, 
  malcolm gladwell - outliers, 
  leonard mlodinow - the drunkard 's walk, 
  norman doidge - the brain that changes itself, 
  sam harris - the moral landscape, 
  two reasons ;, 
  1 ) you live in an individualistic culture so there is a focus on individual rights, 
  2 ) everyone is the star of their own movie and people are notoriously bad at judging external events rationally . 
  yeh teach those assholes who paid you to a do your job a lesson . 
  we actually just do n't know . 
  our brains are so much more complex than any machine we 've ever seen and while we know certain parts of the brain that are probably responsible we do n't really know what causes self-awareness . 
  it 's also worth noting that conscious thought is the smallest part of our brain ( listen to david eagleman on this topic ) . 
  the point being that we do n't really know how complex the machine would need to be for it to be conscious or self-aware and how binary those things actually are . 
  it 's res stopping the same picture showing twice . 
  both . 
  actually our brains are much much more powerful machines . 
  it 's the only named body part i have !, 
  i 'm just trying to contribute, 
  you ... 
  no words, 
  oh god that would be horrific, 
  i 'm sure it does happen from time to time, 
  wow , i ca n't believe that works . 
  at least you did n't write a song about irony and then list nothing ironic, 
  thats novelty ca n't come in handy very often , but today , today you are a king . 
  jeff buckley live at sin-e, 
  heaps . 
  i 'm signed up to lots of informative subreddits ( happy to give you some if you 're interested ) that give me way more chance to read news/science than i would otherwise . 
  also , if nothing else , it 's useful to spend so much time reading other people 's opinions . 
  men of honour , good will hunting or glitter, 
  i 'm a nerd so i work out to audiobooks , generally science ones , because that distracts me better than music . 
  my sister convinced me that the hottest day ever was 100 degrees celsius and only one man survived , apparently because he lived in an ice block . 
  ooo i have another one , when i was growing up my mum told me that the world was created in 6 days by a sky magician who cares if i touch my penis or not . 
  3 candles next to the bed , put a towel down over the sheet , find a massage music playlist on youtube and give her a back massage with oil .
