  you 're worse than that arrow to the knee guy, 
  because attention . 
  for skience, 
  why do you get instantly downvoted every time you post ? 
  both times i looked at your comment within the first minute and you were on 0 points . 
  the automatic upvote does n't count to your karma total . 
  haha, 
  up to you pal . 
  i 'm not challenging his right to do anything . 
  i 'm calling him an idiot and saying that he 's wrong . 
  i do n't know where you got this idea that i was trying to censor him in any way . 
  my way of trusting democracy is calling out the idiots in government and applauding those that make sense . 
  this guy is an idiot and deserves to be called one . 
  i 'm surprised it took this long . 
  there are two that get me every time :, 
  1 ) the episode of scrubs where we do n't realise that ben has been dead the whole time . 
  that moment when jd turns to dr. cox and says `` where do you think we are ? '', 
  made me cry like a little bitch . 
  2 ) in good will hunting when robin williams starts saying `` it 's not your fault '' to matt damon . 
  destroys me . 
  no yes/no answer questions . 
  daes are yes/no answer questions . 
  they do n't belong on askreddit . 
  try / r/doesanybodyelse, 
  best manhug in movie history ? 
  why would that change your opinion of her ? 
  she was obviously distraught at the time . 
  i 've heard my parents loudly having sex . 
  the worst part - 4 of my friends were with me at the time . 
  i was at a friend 's place and realised i 'd forgotten the dvd i was bringing so i drove home ( and they all came with ) . 
  apparently my mum/step-dad decided that since i was out they could be as loud as they wanted and did n't realise i was there with 4 friends . 
  worst moment of my life . 
  this is consistently the top response each time this hits the front page ( at least once a week ), 
  as far as i know, 
  sadness is a product of loss . 
  you feel the loss of your image of yourself and what you thought it would feel like . 
  that 's okay , it will pass as you grieve that loss and growth will result . 
  i was pretty pumped for 150k and it came the same day as 100k from askreddit . 
  this was especially synchronous because it came from a post where i was talking about how i 'm not ashamed to enjoy receiving karma . 
  what is it ? 
  that sounds really dumb . 
  why would anyone do that ? 
  oh god , he 's back . 
  i 'm starting to think you have a crush on me and this is the equivalent of pushing me over on the school yard . 
  laaaaaaame, 
  in australia you call your mate a cunt and your cunt a mate . 
  wait , if it was your house , where did you go ? 
  did you just sit in your room until they left ? 
  how entitled are you that you find their vacations appalling ? 
  you do n't deserve the show , it 's not * owed * to you . 
  you wo n't find many places with nicer people , it 's just a cultural language thing . 
  the smiling thing was recently replicated in some psychology studies . 
  there 's a subfield called `` embodied cognition '' that looks at how certain sensations affect emotion/thinking . 
  for example , being in a warm room when you meet someone for the first time means that you 're more likely to like them ( and not know it 's a result of the room temperature ) . 
  anyway , they tested this phenomenon with having people hold pencils in their mouth , in different positions , one of which forced a genuine smile ( genuine smile is defined by the small muscles next to the eye moving ) and it actually caused the participants to feel happier . 
  books like that tend to be filled with a lot of unverified and unscientific crap . 
  it might be right about some stuff but i would n't trust it overall . 
  haha . 
  i know a guy from high school who is like that . 
  the worst part is that now he thinks that he understands people so well that he 's trained to give counselling to people in his alternative medicine practice . 
  i 've gotten into so many arguments about it with him . 
  i 'm pretty heavily morally opposed to alternative medicine . 
  feng shui is relatively harmless , the most damage you 'll do is an ugly living room . 
  alternative medicine kills people . 
  perhaps that 's where the confusion is . 
  i was n't saying that saying we 're a christian nation is against the laws of our nation , i was saying that trying to push a christian agenda is . 
  to be clear , i have no problem with him saying/thinking/believing anything he wants . 
  well said . 
  completely avoiding social situations is either a product of anxiety or actually a personality disorder ( if there 's a complete lack of desire - see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schizoid_personality_disorder ) ) . 
  sure but on one condition , you pm me and let me know before it 's released . 
  well , did you ? 
  i used to work at a football club where i took calls about people 's memberships ( season tickets ) . 
  one caller was very upset that she missed the cut-off date to keep her seats and told me that i should ignore the rules because she 's `` slept with a few of the players '' . 
  i had to put her on hold because i could n't stop myself from laughing . 
  yeh , i 'm not really sure what she was expecting . 
  i do n't get how the scenario played out in her head where that would be a compelling argument . 
  i wonder if she thought that we run all membership questions through the players , since they have such great business minds . 
  too late . 
  he has been banned, 
  yes go to the police . 
  this is n't appropriate for askreddit . 
  aww that 's sweet . 
  masturbate furiously . 
  so really , no difference . 
  dump, 
  her, 
  ass, 
  cheating is an instant deal-breaker for me . 
  i could n't come back from that . 
  [ the beatles - `` a hard day 's night '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsm0m-bbvdy ), 
  hubert keller 's [ fleur burger ] ( http://www.foodfashionista.com/.a/6a00e553e718528833011570bac8ce970b-500wi ) . 
  it sells for $ 5000 at his restaurant . 
  i 'm sure it 's not worth * that * but it would be damned tasty . 
  go speak to a psychiatrist . 
  counsellors are n't trained for that . 
  you keep arguing against what you think i 'm saying but not actually reading it . 
  i have not said once that he has no right to rant . 
  what i said is that i have a right to call him an idiot for it . 
  i 'm not trying to censor anyone . 
  interesting .
