  i did this last night and i 've never seen my so happier . 
  i doubt it but really want to see the results . 
  do it for science, 
  i assume his wife does . 
  haha i know , was just teasing . 
  that being said , i bet he could get heaps of college girls if he wanted . 
  after seeing a picture of james may having sex with an amazingly hot romanian girl i never underestimate the power of celebrity in getting a guy action . 
  i would turn for him, 
  i did n't but i have google !, 
  he 's ugly , god i wish i was famous, 
  it 's kind of weird to think that he and richard are total players and jeremy is the good family fan . 
  why do all of your ideas end with lsd ? 
  actually , i 'm a broom, 
  a woman almost dropping her baby because she was trying to hold onto her mcdonalds bag and a cigarette . 
  if you think you 'd enjoy it , i say go for it . 
  yes !, 
  just because she 's willing does n't mean i should be . 
  i would n't expect her to kiss me just after eating her out . 
  there was a post about it on askscience ages ago and from memory a lot of it actually goes out in your breath but i could be totally remembering wrong . 
  your girlfriend, 
  the iron . 
  could use the long cord to swing it around me and keep the zombies at a distance . 
  crazy lady who was telling me about how much she hates asians and finished by asking me if i wanted to touch the scar on her head from when she flew off a motorbike and got brain damage . 
  i was 12 . 
  but but but i would n't make you kiss me if i was just eating you out . 
  because at a certain age a great bowel movement is better than sex . 
  that 's okay , i love that you 're stalking me . 
  it does bother some girls though, 
  your typing says no but the side of your face i can see from your backyard says yes, 
  because ( most ) atheists do n't see marriage as sacrosanct and think all people should have the same rights . 
  i do n't care what you want to call it , if you say that certain people ca n't have x because of their sexual preference i think it 's wrong . 
  i have a complex arrangement of mirrors, 
  protip : end it all, 
  you need therapy, 
  ooo what are we having ? 
  thanks . 
  that 'd be perfect . 
  no thank you , i 'll just masturbate in her back yard . 
  no that 's not a euphemism, 
  while we 're at it . 
  ama request : a unicorn, 
  why are you on top of me ? 
  learning, 
  according to the show qi the only guaranteed way is digital-anal stimulation . 
  pale yellow for pee . 
  solid but not too solid and lightish brown for poo . 
  this question, 
  because that would take up more space which costs money . 
  tl ; dr words suck, 
  i only read the tl ; dr and have no idea how to help you . 
  you ca n't . 
  we have a special bond and i touch him in ways you could n't imagine . 
  depends on you and your parents . 
  probably nothing . 
  you must have the most magnificent shits, 
  yeh ... that 's the only problem with the story, 
  that does n't really answer the question . 
  everyone knows that mma fighters would win with mma rules against a boxer ( except for maybe mayweather because he 's a douche ) . 
  if you 're talking a martial arts black belt it depends on the disicpline . 
  my so . 
  hope she sees this , that has to be worth some points . 
  find friends that have the same activities as you, 
  i do n't think seeing sexuality is bad for children . 
  obviously i would avoid bdsm or beastiality or something but kids needs to learn about sexuality and you do n't become impure by looking at a female form . 
  i 've got the weirdest boner right now, 
  my ex still had a ring that her ex used to propose to her . 
  i convinced her to try and sell it since it had a pretty huge diamond . 
  turns out it was a fake . 
  condoms are cheaper, 
  i smile every time i imagine a girl in a hijab swearing like a sailor . 
  that 's what she sa ... 
  * okay *, 
  blow, 
  that 's so weird because every time i see you post the word hookah always comes to mind . 
  you 're on +28 ( which is 2nd most for me ) but i 'm stingier . 
  also , i get really conscious of having so many upvotes on the same person . 
  i do n't know why , i 'm just odd, 
  i do n't know how i 'll arrange it but somehow i 'm getting that line you told me written on on your gravestone . 
  1 ) no way to legislate it but i think the world would be a significantly more advanced , civil and progressive place if religion no longer existed . 
  note : no offence to any religious people but i think that religion , as a whole , is a net minus to society . 
  2 ) eqaul rights and empowerment of women in third world countries, 
  3 ) improved and more comprehensive education, 
  you 've got the second most from me ( first is my rl friend and i regularly just click on his account and just upvote random things and you 're still not that far behind . ), 
  where do i rank for you ? 
  at least there would be plenty of hand-holds, 
  we both know how you 'd get world peace and i 'm for it . 
  i ca n't believe you responded with a phrase that said `` fell into your lap '' . 
  just too easy, 
  i only went on encarta to play the game . 
  you need to add http : / / for it to work, 
  yay !, 
  i try to strike the perfect balance between sincere advice and penis jokes and it 's not always easy . 
  wow this is just such an emotional moment . 
  i 'd like to thank my mum , could n't have done it without you and of course reddit for making this possible . 
  i 'm quite afraid of heights and when i was younger i used to have nightmares where i would go to the airport but fall from a great height before even getting on the plane . 
  like i 'd be several stories up and there was a big gap you 'd have to jump across and i would n't make the jump . 
  i 'll pretend i 'm not offended that you did n't extend the same offer to me, 
  are you male or female ? 
  you 're sick ... 
  i played through the matrix game on xbox a second time on the off chance that there would be a lesbian kiss cut scene .
