  if you 're having depressive episodes that impair your normal functioning , you 're suffering from depression ( there are also guidelines about length and severity but i 'm just trying to give you a guide ) . 
  ** tl ; dr mental illness is really hard to diagnose because we all experience elements of almost all mental illnesses . 
  it sounds like he really needs professional help . 
  i see people post things on askreddit like `` what 's your most ocd habit '' . 
  a habit is n't ocd . 
  it 's a very , very serious illness . 
  you do n't hear people saying `` have you had any really cancer days ? '', 
  or `` god i 'm so aids today . '', 
  it 's not a matter of being arrogant , it 's your job to be open and honest with how you feel . 
  tell him/her that you worry that you may have add and why . 
  ( s ) he is a professional and wo n't be swayed in their opinion because you think you have it and they 've heard it a million times before . 
  the worst thing that could happen is that they might agree with you . 
  that 's why he should see a professional . 
  because you 're so awesume, 
  ahh , interesting . 
  does the zoloft affect your manic phase ? 
  my oven is a professional convection oven and has a side hinge . 
  i do n't think any sane person thinks they are n't made by people . 
  if you 're getting consistent pain go see a doctor . 
  it 's not caused by your masturbating though . 
  also , ejaculating at least 3 times a week * reduces * the risk of prostate cancer, 
  see that van outside your house ? 
  she would have to be fairly crazy to let you put * your * dick in her, 
  best no cost hobby you can have that will also give you great benefits is learning to meditate . 
  search for ` mindfulness meditation ucla ' on itune and try some guided meditations . 
  there are amazing clinical results coming out recently saying it 's like exercise for your brain . 
  only if you 're putting your weight on it, 
  thanks for all the info !, 
  i 'm a psychology student , planning to practice so it 's very valuable . 
  haha i like it . 
  psychologist is walking down the street and sees a man who has been stabbed several times and looks to be on the verge of death . 
  the psychologist hurries over and says `` oh my god , whoever did this really needs help '', 
  minimise masturbation during the interview, 
  yeh but he knows a lot more about add than you do . 
  if you do n't think you 're getting enough care from him , see someone else . 
  be careful diagnosing yourself though . 
  we all experience elements of almost all mental illness and it can be easy to conclude that you 're ill . 
  i 'm certainly not saying that you 're not suffering from add , i 'm just saying that you 're not in a position to know . 
  all good tips . 
  also , do some research on the company . 
  find their website and use elements of what you learned in the interview . 
  he speaks english , not american . 
  it 's theoretically possible but unethical to do the research . 
  edit : the more important point is that there 's a big difference between genetic predisposition and how that manifests . 
  even if you had a study that said x group showed more of y characteristic , it would n't be valuable in profiling beyond that setting . 
  haha . 
  the problem with bad psychiatrists is that they do n't know how to do therapy . 
  the problem with good psychiatrists that they think they can do therapy . 
  they 're better at it but i think it 's always better to work in tandem with a psychologist who is specifically trained in therapy . 
  have you ever had any ? 
  studying differences in the races does n't necessarily lead to eugenics . 
  by that logic we should n't study genetic illness . 
  for me , it really depends on what the proposed intervention is . 
  there is nothing that annoys me more than attempts to look like you 're helping when it 's not backed by the science and it just wastes time/effort . 
  personally , i think that having an obese child could be classified as a form of child abuse in the same way that dangerously undernourishing them would be . 
  the creepy guy on the train, 
  i 'm sure i 'll have to do some clinical hours in a psych ward , it 'll be interesting . 
  did you go off your meds because you missed the manic phases ? 
  love . 
  growth . 
  experience . 
  new discoveries like learning to count ? 
  i do n't think you can say it 's that simple . 
  yes , calorie-dense low-nutrition foods are a big part of the problem but you can be very healthy eating them in small doses . 
  the question is , what takes someone from small , healthy doses to over-eating to the point of it being detrimental to their health . 
  especially when at least a basic understanding of those principles is fairly common . 
  ahh right . 
  are the stages somewhat predictable now ? 
  as in , are there patterns behind when you 're manic and when you 're depressive ? 
  i would assume that fucking a map would n't be very productive . 
  r/asksocialscience could help, 
  or lezbos . 
  not sure if that 's how it 's spelt . 
  i typed lesbos into google and remembered i 'm at work . 
  that might have been an error . 
  i do n't think would work for me , being that i 'm a 5 '10 overweight white jew, 
  oh yes , yes . 
  colonise me you naughty , naughty boy . 
  fascinating . 
  thanks so much for all the info, 
  name required . 
  dude . 
  spoiler alert, 
  i think an average person knows that eating mcdonalds is worse for you than eating a salad . 
  you make it sound like we 're powerless to stop the evil corporations that are brainwashing us with delicious chemicals . 
  you did touch on a very important point though . 
  `` but that really is n't what i 'm talking about nor do people adjust down their portions because the we tend to eat what we believe is our fill . '', 
  that 's really a huge part of the problem . 
  a recent study showed that we use our bowl as a guide to how full we feel . 
  it was pretty clever , they created bowls that refilled the soup subtly without the participant knowing . 
  not only did they eat way more , they reported being no more full than the participants using a normal bowl . 
  these are things that you should talk to the therapist about as it is certainly something you can work through . 
  it sounds like you have what 's called an ` avoidant attachment style ' which basically means that you learned it 's better to avoid vulnerable than risk being hurt . 
  if your therapist is n't helping with it , try finding a different one . 
  jesus would n't have been white, 
  mind blown ? 
  a lot of rape goes unreported . 
  as for why she took it so lightly , in face of severe trauma there are several coping strategies , one of which is desensitisation . 
  think about how mch reason she has for wanting to consider it not a big deal . 
  i 'm struggling to find the original article but richard wiseman talks about it in 59 seconds which is a magnificent book .
