  also , i would change ` since ' to ` as ' . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://arch.413chan.net/thats_the_joke-\\ ( n1306568724185 \\ ) . jpg ), 
   here 's the kicker , they were offering me more money so i did n't go for a job i really wanted because i needed the money so badly and missed the job . 
  i missed a better job than i currently had because i thought i was being headhunted and was going to get more money . 
  you 're a dick for cheating on her , stop justifying it . 
  if you think she 's going to cheat on you while at college you should n't be with her anyway . 
  you 're still a fuckwit for cheating on her . 
  be a man and break up with her or do n't cheat . 
  it 's that simple . 
  are you 7 ? 
  you need a teaching degree, 
  the moral landscape, 
  outliers, 
  the drunkard 's walk, 
  tipping point, 
  why people believe weird things, 
  the god delusion, 
  god is not great, 
  the blank slate, 
  always look on the bright side of life, 
  practice, 
  hey , i 'm imnotjesus , nice to meet you . 
  i believe the song explicitly says that you can dance if you * want * to . 
  it 's inside her, 
  hello ^ hello ^ hello ^ hello, 
  it has n't but what makes you think it could n't have ? 
  losing my virginity, 
  guy or girl ? 
  please say girl , please say girl , please say girl . 
  i 'd really appreciate it . 
  i won a scholarship for highschool but did n't take it because it was a shit school . 
  do n't really know why i sat the scholarship exam tbh, 
  that 's awkward . 
  i thought i was in with a shot . 
  damn, 
  you 're a mexican apple thief . 
  i run the cider house . 
  i catch you hiding behind the stone mill . 
  you chase me into the tasting room . 
  oh , if there 's a crow in there : fine . 
  if not . . 
  i can live with it . 
  anyway , we 're all alone and you do n't speak a word of english , but you teach me more about hard cider than i ever learned from my fermenting exams and our passion is so loud that they can hear it all the way in the distillery . 
  stubbing your toe . 
  paper cuts, 
  nice try , my stalker . 
  meditate ( mindfulness meditation has had really good scientific research behind it ), 
  each generation is a few iq points higher than the one before ( 100 keeps being adjusted over time ) not to mention our levels of education and health care . 
  we * are * a super human race compared to 200 years ago . 
  i really worry about who 's going to play i_rape_cats, 
  two can play at what game ? 
  i did n't know that not showering can make you that sick, 
  losing my faith in god . 
  no disrespect to any believers , it was just a really pivotal moment in my life . 
  all the more reason to teach science there , you do n't want someone who will mislead the kids doing it . 
  huh ? 
  i just listed books i liked and 2 of the 8 are about god , which is a huge issue in modern society . 
  i did n't ask anyone to circlejerk with me about the answer , i just listed some of my favourite books . 
  ahh . 
  thank you sir, 
  talk to a professional about this immediately . 
  exactly and for me , it really changed the way i see and assess the world . 
  i realised how easy it is for me to believe something i had no proof for . 
  i study psychology now because i 'm fascinated by the brain and how people think , especially myself . 
  me from 5 years ago would be really damn proud of me right now . 
  i was suffering from a severe depression and my life was going backwards fast . 
  therapy, 
  start with your doctor and ask them what to do from there . 
  some drugs have large effects on in-utero babies and it 's really important to work out how dangerous it is . 
  ( s ) he will know who to refer you to , if it 's necessary . 
  awww thanks, 
  there are many bad therapists out there and it 's also important to find the right match for your personal situation . 
  also , therapy can be a slow process sometimes . 
  it 's kind of freaking me out . 
  i respectfully disagree but thanks ... 
  may i ask why then ? 
  because i said i 'd been in therapy ? 
  ahhh pity , without you i 'd still be a virgin . 
  thank you , i appreciate it . 
  i 'm not very good at taking compliments sometimes . 
  whatever makes you happy , just do n't put a bunch of pressure on yourself . 
  it 's just another day . 
  okay ... 
  melbourne , australia . 
  before you ask , yes everything is upside down here . 
  actually i wrestle kangaroos and fight crocodiles . 
  i also have a koala as a pet and a shrine to steve irwin in my bedroom . 
  what suburb do you live in ? 
  too many things undefined in your question . 
  play with all the things !, 
  wow . 
  well done . 
  line 11 , words 2 3 1 : `` just killed mama '', 
  not werribee . 
  that has to be hot with a niqab on . 
  ( or was it a hijab - i forgot ), 
  yeh but in a californian summer , that must suck right ? 
  well ... he * did *, 
  organic produce is * not * better for the environment . 
  in fact , in many cases it is far worse for the environment ( soil needs to be tilled several more times , releasing vast amounts of gas into the atmosphere ) .
