  it 's generally considered in psychology that genes and environment both play an important role but to different degrees in different areas . 
  a way to think about it is that genes tend to give you the outer parameters of what one can achieve or how they will behave and environment will decide where in that continuum they land . 
  so , with the genes you have you are going to be within a certain range of introversion-extroversion and your experience will dictate how that manifests . 
  of course , it 's never that simple . 
  an extroverted child is treated like an extrovert , receiving more reinforcement for extroversion and will be put into more situations where it 's appropriate . 
  does that make any sense to you ? 
  sorry that it 's not a very precise answer but it 's a complicated topic . 
  because it gets a lot more attention than minutia of financial policy that 1 % of the public understand . 
  can you provide a source on judges getting paid to send people there ? 
  david eagleman ( neuroscientist ) has a pretty interesting view on how our criminal justice system works in a way that ignores everything we know about the brain . 
  [ him doing a 30min talk on the issue ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ereriwv71ma ), 
  i 'd just be a bit careful throwing around that ` fact ' without evidence . 
  you 're suggesting something that i 'm assuming would be very much illegal and obviously unethical . 
  that 's not to say it is n't true , just that one should have evidence before saying it . 
  no problems , i love david eagleman 's talks ( except when he talks about possibillianism - wankiest thing i 've ever heard ), 
  imagine the fun troy mcclure would have there, 
  my only preference is willing, 
  ca n't find you a link but pretty much any time i present the scientific research on spanking says that it 's a bad parenting strategy i get downvoted hard . 
  you deleted it ... how are we supposed to read it ? 
  are you sure that was n't a dream ? 
  i goatse it, 
  i also know that famous song, 
  my so owns/runs a restaurant with her parents . 
  i went to pick her up from there ( having only had our first date a few days earlier ) wearing a joke t-shirt that i had just bought . 
  i did n't really think about it until i walked in and saw her talking to two people that turned out to be her mother and step-dad . 
  anyway , i got introduced to them and only then realised that my t-shirt probably was n't the best for meeting her parents . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.teecrush.com/static//images/shirts/3/f07e23d329f9cda664767464d45129f1/shirt.jpg ) . 
  her step-dad looked at me once and said `` did it work ? '', 
  we left very quickly after that . 
  vlc is the only valid answer, 
  not sure if this book is a worldwide one but it was my favourite by far . 
  [ there 's a hippopotamus on our roof eating cake ] ( http://www.penguin.com.au/products/9780143501367/there-s-hippopotamus-our-roof-eating-cake ), 
  drove hot laps in a racecar as a birthday present and hit close to 300km/h . 
  i do n't drive that fast on the road because i 'm not a fucking moron . 
  i 'm downvoting anyone that writes in upside down text in this thread . 
  nice try , my so . 
  almost certainly nothing, 
  i think that it took way too fucking long and i 'm horrified that it is n't legal everywhere . 
  they do n't . 
  it 's been proven to not be true . 
  women 's cycles are varied from girl to girl ( some have longer or shorter periods and times between their periods ) . 
  it 's inevitable in such a short cycle that they 'll synch up from time to time and the combination of that chance and confirmation bias led to this myth . 
  gold standard in what ? 
  i 'm passionate about mental health care and am studying to become a psychologist . 
  your opinion is wrong . 
  it 's very well accepted in psychology and cognitive science that it 's roughly half of the equation ( up to 80 % according to some theorists but they 're somewhat fringe ) . 
  i spent an incredible amount of energy worrying about whether or not i was going to punished by god . 
  i 'm not trying to be circlejerky but i legitimately believe that teaching me mythology as truth limited my critical thinking skills as a kid . 
  i downvoted you because you provided incorrect information about a scientific question . 
  it 's not a question where opinion matters , it 's factually incorrect . 
  most iq studies are twin studies and control for socioeconomic status, 
  you do n't have to accept any personal belief by accepting the science . 
  am at work so do n't have a lot of time to search but [ here 's ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=do-women-who-live-together-menstruate-together ) a quick write up, 
  i agree . 
  it 's really funny , i 've been asked multiple times by religious people ( including in my family ) what ` purpose ' or ` meaning ' life has without a higher power . 
  it was maybe the single most important moment in my life when i realised that my life means an infinite amount more if a god * does n't * exist . 
  seriously , the odds of me ever having existed are immensely small yet here i am , typing on a computer , and having my thoughts read by people all over the world . 
  what could be more miraculously lucky than just being alive . 
  my life means something because i am my experiences . 
  i have a mind that can love and hurt and experience an entire world . 
  the meaning and purpose is what i decide it is . 
  i get to decide what makes me happy and live my life in that way . 
  what could be more meaningful ? 
  surely anyone would prefer that to the auditioning process of a life seeking closeness to god . 
  / r/ronpaul, 
  what a douchey and condescending thing to say . 
  sorry , i 'm an atheist too but implying that he lives a life of ignorance purely because he 's a theist is beyond arrogant . 
  he 's allowed to have his life experience and you 're allowed yours . 
  you 're ignorant about plenty of things and i guarantee you 're ignoring reality in all sorts of self-serving ways ( a very basic knowledge of psychology will tell you that ) . 
  i apologise . 
  i meant absolutely no offense to you or anyone else with a learning disability ( i mean full offense to ron paul supporters though ) . 
  i never said they could n't . 
  i argued that having those experience was , to me , a far more inspiring meaning than an externally derived one . 
  go to your reddit homepage and look on the right hand side about halfway down . 
  you 'll see a button that says `` create your own community '', 
  walking the plank, 
  a combination of what ? 
  because most of us are n't 12 and do n't give a fuck, 
  i saw religion as a positive force in my life for about 16 years . 
  the turning point for me was n't becoming angry about the way they pushed religion on me ( that only came once i was a few years removed from religion ) , it came from the realisation that not just could i not provide any evidence it was true , i would n't want it to be . 
  your friends are idiots . 
  you accidentally a context, 
  here you go :, 
  sounds like it, 
  no yes/no answer questions, 
  why not ask a more open question instead ? 
  my point was n't that i think it 's a good/bad/right / wrong decision . 
  i said nothing of that . 
  my point is that a cursory knowledge of psychology will let you know that we all deceive ourselves in all sorts of interesting , self-serving ways . 
  to say that someone 's entire life is one of ignorance based on their belief in one topic , is simply naive and hypocritical . 
  so is a parrot . 
  neither are a good idea, 
  go talk to him you dingus, 
  so do n't go up to him and say `` hi , i 've been watching you and see that you like the same website as me . '', 
  introduce yourself the same way you would to * any other person * ; `` hi , my name is superunnatural '', 
  doctors without borders does great work, 
  any schoolwork i did in highschool . 
  i regret it now but at the time i thought i was so awesome for not trying . 
  i 'm watching a lecture as we speak but my focus is so bad i ca n't not reddit . 
  i really like what i study too .
