  in australia the government has only just started subsidising therapy ( maximum of 10 sessions a year ) so they 're pushing manualised forms of cbt where patients are n't getting the same level of care . 
  shit , do n't let him get away with all that precious , precious karma . 
  oh ... my ... god . 
  what if , what if people on the internet make stuff up . 
  the whole infrastructure would fall apart . 
  either way , the idea made me laugh , does n't really matter whether or not it 's true . 
  i assume that michael cera is n't actually jason bateman 's son but it 's still funny to laugh at that show . 
  1 2 3 4 who are we fapping for ? 
  people that use cutlery for food that does n't need it ( like pizza ) thereby making me feel bad for not using them . 
  i agree , i feel no shame about liking my karma it just means people care about what i want to say ; who would n't want that ? 
  that 's why i find it funny when people get so uppity about people earning their karma . 
  it 's like i posted somewhere else in the thread ; it does n't actually matter if it 's true because it 's funny . 
  it made me laugh , it gets an upvote . 
  it would have such a wonderfully complex smell , a symphony of flavours akin to a beautiful meal . 
  did n't you know that all atheists exclusively study mathematics and have no ability to appreciate anything besides objective truth ? 
  great answer , thanks . 
  i do n't know of the cochrane library . 
  my theory is that both would be traumatic but at least dr phil could talk you through it afterwards . 
  thanks , i 've been reading through stuff since i got your last post and it 's really great . 
  found a good review [ here ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/o/cochrane/clsysrev/articles/cd004687/frame.html ) . 
  thanks so much , 
  sorry , sir . 
  i may not agree with you but at least you 're being honest, 
  excuse me while i go perform harikiri . 
  he needs professional help . 
  he 's suffering from bipolar or his untreated depression has developed manic symptoms . 
  please , please help him get treatment . 
  edit : sorry , meant to say could also be schizophrenia , hard to know whether he 's believing odd things because he 's manic or delusional without knowing his state of mind better . 
  does n't really change my statement but thought i should add it . 
  this is so meta, 
  mmm bop, 
  i 've worked for a couple of football clubs in australia . 
  i do n't think many people outside of australia will think it 's interesting but most people like hearing about it at parties . 
  you 're not necessarily intolerant ( assuming you 're being sincere ) but you are misguided . 
  being transgendered is as part of who someone is as a person as much as their sexual preference . 
  you need to understand that gender and sexual preference are not binary questions ; you 're not simply male or female . 
  they 're not unstable for wanting to be a different sex to what they are , they are simply expressing the point on the continuum that they lie . 
  top to bottom , always . 
  same goes with drying . 
  the reason is that shit drips down . 
  there 's no point washing/drying your legs if stuff is just going to drip all over them before you finish your head . 
  haha i worked in the offices . 
  had varying levels of contact with players at the 2 different clubs but it was a pretty cool job . 
  still doing a phd . 
  oh god , maybe i need a change of plans, 
  fight club . 
  thread over, 
  you win this thread just for being a girl talking about showering . 
  yes you should get him a present . 
  also , to be fair , i would be angry if my wife was seeing a chiropractor for wasting money and risking injury . 
  a group of basement dwellers who attack people 's internet security ` for the lulz ' and to make convaluted points for attention . 
  i 've got another account that 's like the one you 're currently using : notimnotjesus, 
  that 's not guilty , it 's just glorious, 
  no they 're bad . 
  dangerous and not effective . 
  they provide momentary relief but do n't address the issue causing the pain and can do damage from the manipulation . 
  i can find you some good reading on it if you like . 
  agree , completely , was semi-joking . 
  hanson 's first album, 
  [ part 1 ] ( http://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/index.php/chiropractic-a-brief-overview-part-i/ ), 
  [ part 2 ] ( http://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/index.php/chiropractic-a-brief-overview-part-ii/ ), 
  science based medicine is a collection of doctors and researchers who are devoted to using the best scientific research and applying it to things like chiropractors and alternative medicines . 
  their position is based on the best evidence so i trust their work a lot . 
  i was looking for a relationship when i met my so . 
  i tried online dating and presented myself in that way , looking for people that also gave the impression they were looking for a relationship . 
  i think the point is that you should n't want it so bad that you 're with someone because you want a relationship and not because you see a future with that person them self . 
  however , it 's important to know that you 're looking for a relationship and not just a fling because that will guide your search . 
  from my experience you can do a lot with 13 inches . 
  til that cbt also stands for something else, 
  it 's important to realise that on the internet the extremes are much funnier than serious answers . 
  not all guys are looking for flings and the ones that are , are the ones you do n't want to be with . 
  it was really hard for me to find girls in my early 20s because many have their guard up , protecting against sleazeballs . 
  the point is that not all men are like that and most that are n't in frats really want relationships , it just takes some finding . 
  i would recommend online dating since that 's how i found my so . 
  when i was about 8 i used to play monopoly by myself . 
  do inflatable friends count ? 
  jeff , do you know why i 'm talking to myself ? 
  how is it not relevant ? 
  i 've done a lot with my 13 inch macbook pro . 
  what did you think i meant ? 
  although , i 'm sane . 
  as a student i think it 's probably not me, 
  in my mouth, 
  who writes how the person died on their tombstone ? 
  a racecar driver in australia, 
  hanson, 
  relevant_rule34 or i_rape_cats, 
  i had sex with taylor once . 
  i am proud . 
  hottest girl i 've ever been with . 
  til that there is a subreddit called hotamputees, 
  edit : holy shit that guy posts a lot of porn, 
  judaism, 
  i 'm sorry pal but you ca n't spend all day trying to find the most obscure porn on the net and not be affected . 
  i love you , according to my res you have a lot of upvotes from me , but i do fear for your mental sanity . 
  ps : do you just constantly search for your own name ? 
  do n't . 
  just leave him . 
  same reason you do n't find things as scary the 2nd/3rd time . 
  comedy is about surprise .
