  i just do n't get the point of sitting on reddit all day circlejerking about things that wo n't happen . 
  no she did n't . 
  she said the timelines that alexis threw out in a panic were unfounded and they were . 
  deimorz is on the engineering full time and has been communicating with mods about next steps and which are short/long term goals based on how long they 'll take to complete . 
  yes . 
  i 'm a mod there , i read it before it went out . 
  no , i have n't read market watch today . 
   seriously ? 
  i think you are out of touch . 
  huh ? 
  actually , i did n't downvote you . 
  i only just saw your reply . 
  i 'm out of touch because i do n't expect a ceo to be fired because some people on a website think she should ? 
  i posted this elsewhere but i 'll do it again here :, 
  i used to be a moderator of / r/iama . 
  after only a few pm conversations with / u/chooter she offered to show my wife and i around the ny offices while we were there on our honeymoon . 
  she showed us around , gave us a t-shirt and a snoo and spent a good 45 minutes chatting to us about everything from our lives to giving us some recommendations for places to go to lunch . 
  you very rarely meet people that are just genuinely lovely to everyone around them and she is one of those people . 
  she did n't have to give me the time of day . 
  i think that says a lot about her . 
  for an hour out of a 4 week honeymoon while already in the area . 
  the horror . 
  she also thought it would be interesting despite not being a redditor . 
  we 're all assuming he 's the bad guy here and not dan fegan . 
  i bet dj fires him in the next few weeks . 
  just saying . 
  [ amick : if i 'm a big man who likes positive pr & making my own decisions without drama , i 'm going with a different rep. dwight , demarcus , deandre ... ] ( https://twitter.com/sam_amick/status/618956539194281985 ), 
  do n't forget to be pissed at dan fegan . 
  unless your agent pressured you to sign somewhere because he 's buddies with the owner . 
   reports are that fegan was transparent about his relationship with cuban . 
  who do you think the `` sources '' are when writers tweet ? 
  half the time it 's an agent with an agenda , the other half it 's a league executive with an agenda . 
  i do n't think you know how math works . 
  it was a joke bud . 
  i said half of the `` sources '' are execs , half are agents . 
  the fact that dj has clippers surrounding him and not his agent is pretty telling . 
  [ sam amick : if i 'm a big man who likes positive pr & making my own decisions without drama , i 'm going with a different rep. dwight , demarcus , deandre ... ] ( https://twitter.com/aminespn/status/618957066598776832 ), 
  only 2010 kids remember, 
  definitely not a high one but i 'll take progress . 
  i think it possibly has a bigger impact on dan fegan . 
  players talk . 
  right . 
  but that 's what the subs closing down actually was and that 's what this post is referring to . 
  i do n't really know why you 're so angry at me . 
  no one , that i know of , closed down their subs with the expectation of people reacting the way they did . 
  in fact , the initial response when we closed down was one of anger towards us for `` punishing the users '' . 
  because it 's not my place to talk on behalf of all of the users . 
  you 've got it the wrong way around . 
  mavs get the pick if it 's 1-7, 
  huh ? 
  i did n't tell anyone to fuck off . 
  i said if you 're not enjoying the thing you 're doing with your recreation time perhaps consider another activity . 
  i could n't care less if people stay or leave , it was just a suggestion of perspective . 
  he is getting fired either way , this way he gets his 3 % . 
  guess who was the agent for both ... 
   as i 've been told , howard 's agent dan fegan did not want dwight in houston , preferring instead to steer him to another team . 
  reportedly , that team was dallas as the agent has a relationship and comfort level with mavericks owner mark cuban . 
  dwight preferred houston . 
  to seal the deal for the premier free agent , fegan provided the rockets a list of needs/demands to bring him here and one of them was to let chandler parsons , who also was represented by fegan , out of his contract this summer rather than wait until 2015 . 
  the shitty part of it is that he was giving up current money with dj signing in dallas for future money ( improving relationship with cuban ) . 
  the whole thing is underhanded as fuck . 
  we did n't know that at the time obviously . 
  we learned that it was an unreasonable expectation and as mature adults we understood . 
  we 're not looking to burn down reddit . 
  we want our issues addressed and they 're doing it . 
  yup . 
  i think he 's probably a lot more to blame than dj here . 
  we should shut down until they achieve something they ca n't achieve ? 
  huh ? 
  fuck fegan . 
  he 's the common link . 
   as i 've been told , howard 's agent dan fegan did not want dwight in houston , preferring instead to steer him to another team . 
  reportedly , that team was dallas as the agent has a relationship and comfort level with mavericks owner mark cuban . 
  dwight preferred houston . 
  to seal the deal for the premier free agent , fegan provided the rockets a list of needs/demands to bring him here and one of them was to let chandler parsons , who also was represented by fegan , out of his contract this summer rather than wait until 2015 . 
  fuck fegan . 
   as i 've been told , howard 's agent dan fegan did not want dwight in houston , preferring instead to steer him to another team . 
  reportedly , that team was dallas as the agent has a relationship and comfort level with mavericks owner mark cuban . 
  dwight preferred houston . 
  to seal the deal for the premier free agent , fegan provided the rockets a list of needs/demands to bring him here and one of them was to let chandler parsons , who also was represented by fegan , out of his contract this summer rather than wait until 2015 . 
  i 'm worried about my blood pressure with all this salt . 
   as i 've been told , howard 's agent dan fegan did not want dwight in houston , preferring instead to steer him to another team . 
  reportedly , that team was dallas as the agent has a relationship and comfort level with mavericks owner mark cuban . 
  dwight preferred houston . 
  to seal the deal for the premier free agent , fegan provided the rockets a list of needs/demands to bring him here and one of them was to let chandler parsons , who also was represented by fegan , out of his contract this summer rather than wait until 2015 . 
  fuck fegan . 
   as i 've been told , howard 's agent dan fegan did not want dwight in houston , preferring instead to steer him to another team . 
  reportedly , that team was dallas as the agent has a relationship and comfort level with mavericks owner mark cuban . 
  dwight preferred houston . 
  to seal the deal for the premier free agent , fegan provided the rockets a list of needs/demands to bring him here and one of them was to let chandler parsons , who also was represented by fegan , out of his contract this summer rather than wait until 2015 . 
  noticing a pattern . 
  fegan 's insane desire to get players there suggests he 's getting something back in the deal . . 
  not at all . 
  no other way to get a servicable big man to fill the spot . 
  he also fits well with the roster and cap is going up . 
  you 're telling me he 's not worth 5 more than an asik who was basically benched for the playoffs ? 
  big men cost a lot of money , in the context of the league , it 's fine . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about , no one had any idea that he was racist before . 
  it definitely was n't talked about constantly and there were no law suits or anything . 
  `` look , dj is a great player .
