does it matter ? 
  it makes the passage no less beautiful or inspiring . 
  try linking her to talkatheist.org they really helped me . 
  i was actually thinking about this last night because i was reading hume and the answer that i came up with was that it would be impossible for the following reasons :, 
  1 ) if i were the only one to see god/a miracle i would assume i was wrong or delusional . 
  2 ) hume argues that eyewitness testimony should never be sufficient to prove a miracle as it provides a smaller amount of evidence than many experiences of miracles not happening and a smaller amount of evidence should never overthrow a larger amount . 
  which made me think that the only way would be a consistent miracle . 
  however , 3 ) if the miracle were consistent it would mean that it were no longer out of the natural order and a matter of time until we understood it logically and scientifically . 
  why do you think some people spend hours and hours doing exacting tasks like creating a ship in a bottle when you could buy one much cheaper ? 
  the act of becoming skilled and achieving a high standard in a task is the reward in itself , not the end product . 
  you may have more fun in sandbox games where you can run around and do whatever you like but other people enjoy games that are task focussed where they must fine-tune their skills to become elite . 
  neither is superior they just appeal to different type of people . 
  penn & teller did a great episode on peta , tore them to shreds . 
  being good at a task makes you happier than not being good at a task . 
  especially , in the case of karma , where getting upvotes is a representation that you have something valuable to say or have good taste in a link . 
  it 's the same reason you want someone to be persuaded by your opinion or like the music you 're showing them , it validates you and there 's nothing wrong with it if done in a controlled way . 
  if karma is negatively affecting other aspects of your life or causing anxiety maybe it 's an issue but as is it 's a harmless quest for affirmation . 
  my imaginary friend 's dad could totally beat up your imaginary friend 's dad . 
  exactly , jesus was totally hung up on wood . 
  if i were n't too lazy , i would give you an upvote for linking the pyramid . 
  jesus was totally lazy , he just hung around all day . 
  there are many different ways to argue this and it really depends on how he responds to different questions , my major points would be about :, 
  1 ) evolution - favours tribes with altruistic behaviours as it is not a zero-sum activity . 
  2 ) other animals show altruism and they do so for the benefit of the tribe not fear of divine retribution . 
  3 ) morality is universal and tribes that have never heard of yahweh have forms of morality . 
  4 ) ( hitchen 's favourite question ) name one moral act that a believer can do that an atheist ca n't . 
  pause for a second and then ask him : now try to think of an immoral act that is only done in the name of religion . 
  5 ) golden rule ( considered the pinnacle of christian ) pre-dates christianity and is common in many , many religions and humanistic views . 
  6 ) ( my favourite question - i do n't think i stole it but it 's possible ) : imagine that you knew that for a day you were guaranteed that god could n't see any action you do and would never find out ( i know this is n't possible in christian faith but just explain it 's a hypothetical if he resists ) . 
  now , what would you do differently in that day ? 
  who would you rape/torture/kill ? 
  they 're the first ones that come to mind . 
  if you need clarification or sources on any of these ideas please feel free to say so . 
  i 'm currently studying psychology and i 'm being very careful not to use my full name on anything as i do n't want a potential client to google my name and think that i will be incapable of impartiality . 
  www.talkatheist.org if you want to chat live to someone who can help you, 
  i just keep hearing ` oh jesus christ ' in mr slave 's voice, 
  there was no rage face so i did n't know when to laugh, 
  that 's a holy unfair assertion . 
  i 'm sick of being crucified by reddit commenters . 
  sun goes up , sun goes down . 
  never a miscommunication, 
  please do n't resurrect this tired old joke thread . 
  i get why you would feel responsible for him being upset but it 's not your responsibility to coddle him . 
  he was an adult and having an adult discussion with you . 
  you did n't make jokes about a tragedy that happened to him or his family ( i assume ) and he did n't say that he wanted the conversation to end . 
  it may be upsetting and you may consider it not worth risking the friendship but you 're not ` wrong ' for portraying your point of view in an adult discussion . 
  `` it 's like not collecting stamps . '', 
  they 're both enjoyed by people who think they 're better than you ? 
  two clergymen want to speak to you in private . 
  run, 
  tell her to go to www.talkatheist.org, 
  exactly , never a miscommunication . 
  you ca n't explain that . 
  therefore , god, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udic5istnc8 ), 
  i really like that , never heard it before . 
  i think sam harris is at his best when he 's pointing out how ludicrous the current lack of honest dialogue there is about religion in america . 
  the most ironic part is that 1st corinthians is by far the most common passage read for marriages . 
  well played sir, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/paul_root_wolpe_it_s_time_to_question_bio_engineering.html ) has pictures of glowing rabbits , awesome other animals ( like a zorse ! ), 
  and is also a really interesting talk . 
  i 'm studying psych but my girlfriend got double my score fml . 
  i do it too but hate when the door opens inwards and they move into the path not expecting you to do it, 
  upvote for conversion posterity, 
  i pee in other people 's front yards instead of in the toilet , which wastes water . 
  my 2 favourite parts : she wants to vacuum seal the air and if you look at the jars one of them says ` atlantis ' . 
  i chose wow for a while , i 'm pretty sure i got 0/3 . 
  it would save a lot on hairdresser appointments, 
  what 's the one thing you 're really hoping you do n't have to divulge ? 
  she 's trying to earn $ 500,000 in venture capital . 
  okay what can you divulge that you never thought you would divulge ? 
  spork !, 
  to give credit where credit is due this is a true story from the website [ clients from hell ] ( http://clientsfromhell.net/ ) damn funny website . 
  it 's understandable that you feel that way , i used to suffer from depression and was quite obese at the time . 
  i know it 's a scary prospect but doing exercise and feeling better about myself physically was a huge impetus into gaining confidence in my life . 
  it 's terrifying but i promise it 's worth it ; not for the boys that may or may not notice you more but because you 'll like the person you see in the mirror more . 
  at least i did, 
  when i was a baby i was circumcised while still in the hospital . 
  if the nurse had n't noticed i was bleeding too much i would 've bled to death . 
  unnecessary and reduces sensitivity/natural lubrication . 
  hooray !, 
  i started university after not getting the results i wanted before that . 
  i did n't really go for the first month and then when i had to get an assignment done had a full-blown breakdown . 
  i decided i could n't continue going to uni and my mum made me go see a psychologist . 
  it did n't take long to realise i 'd been unhappy for a while . 
  what i was most depressed about is a really tough question because so many factors are/were interwoven . 
  i guess the biggest thing was that i was having an identity crisis and did n't know who i was and what i wanted to be . 
  i 'd been a pretty gifted kid and sailed through school so i 'd only ever really envisioned my future through how other people saw me . 
  it was a huge difference maker . 
  i started exercise about a year into my depression ( it lasted about 4-5 ) and it provided me a lot of different benefits ; i felt better about myself , had a daily routine of exercise to focus on , it release a bunch of great chemicals that make you feel good , i felt like i was moving forward - something was improving and it sounds silly but it gave me a reason to want to wake up in the morning . 
  i was excited to weigh myself . 
  i went to and still go to therapy . 
  i think it 's great and would recommend it to lots of people . 
  honestly , i believe that the more we can take the stigma away from mental health disorders and think of them like any other disease the happier our society will be . 
  i did also take zoloft for about 2 months the first time and a month the second time . 
  it was useful in those periods of time because my moods were so bad that it would 've hurt my progress but given that i was trying to get through the depression via self-discovery and learning i felt like it masked some of my true feelings . 
  i was lucky that i was living at my parents and still supported so i had the luxury of not being that functional , if you need to get to a job or something meds can be a lifesaver . 
  it largely depends what you 're aiming to do . 
  if you want to get bigger muscles i recommend getting a trainer ( i 'm lucky that my best friend was an amazing teacher when it came to gym ) because doing weights wrong can cause injury and it 's * really * important to make sure you 're working all of your muscles so you do n't get imbalances . 
  for example , if you work on your chest a lot and not your back it will roll your shoulders forward .
