  when you 're listening to lectures/reading etc. 
  trying to put everything in a context ( relate it to something you * do * know ) so you 're using semantic learning as you 'll remember far more . 
  you need to make a decision if just sex is enough for you . 
  if it 's not , tell him that you need either more or less . 
  she does n't want you to fix her problems for her , she 's just asking you to listen . 
  same rule goes for contraceptives, 
  yeh ... he 's using you . 
  tell him you 're not satisfied just having sex anymore and if he wants a relationship you 're interested but if not you 're done with sex . 
  and your option c is ... ? 
  i have to physically restrain my so to stop her constantly trying to pick at my face . 
  i wan na pet it . 
  well done my young padawan, 
  chris rock, 
  far , far , far better emotional awareness and it will lead to much happier people . 
  i guarantee you that they 'd want to know . 
  if they do n't it 's not your top priority , it 's not your responsibility to take care of them . 
  if you need help , you need to tell them . 
  you can do it in a way that does n't make them feel like it 's their fault . 
  i understand but you 're doing something that does n't make you happy . 
  there 's a way of saying that you do n't want to sleep with him while he works out whether he wants to be with you or not that is n't `` let 's get married this weekend '', 
  ca n't we both be right ? 
  i may be so aware of my emotions that i realise the emotional strain of killing you is less than suffering through your existence . 
  none because i do n't have that clinical disorder . 
  related : i also do n't have any cancer quirks . 
  why should you bottle it up though ? 
  do n't you deserve to be happy ? 
  why must it be one or the other ? 
  you 're not sacrificing your parents happiness by telling them you 're upset , all you 're doing is saying that you 're struggling and it 's actually their choice how to deal with it . 
  i promise you , if you bottle it up , it will come out in other ways and it will grow and grow . 
  do n't you fucking dare sacrifice your happiness because you think it will hurt your parents to know that you 're hurting . 
  it 's your fucking right to hurt . 
  just talk to him . 
  tell him that you 've enjoyed your time together but having a purely sexual relationship is leaving you unsatisfied and you deserve a chance to find a more fulfilling relationship . 
  tell him that you like him and want to be with him but just sex is not enough for you anymore . 
  if he does n't understand that , you do n't want to be with him . 
  if you remember , let me know how it goes, 
  what about opposite day ? 
  i 've really been screwing up at work if it does n't still apply, 
  i do n't think society has decayed . 
  i think we 're much better off than our parents, 
  r/askscience if you want less sarcastic answers, 
  are you aware that people from other countries have accents ? 
  can you do any ? 
  side note : you 're a douche, 
  not unless it was in the next 6 months . 
  i assumed that was a dead like me reference until your futurama reference, 
  no problems douche, 
  i really , really hope there is n't one because anyone who knows enough about medicine to help will also knwo that giving medical advice over the internet is fucking stupid . 
  the only people that will help do n't have any idea what they 're talking about . 
  glitter, 
  i 'd suck off three hobos at the same time . 
  so disappointed, 
  it 's my standard answer for just about any movie question . 
  you need to realise that at this point you 're just as in love with the idea of him as you 're actually attracted to him . 
  there 's no such thing as a ` one true love ' and you can find someone else that will make you just as happy as he would 've . 
  accept it , be happy that he 's happy and try to find the same for yourself . 
  also , being in love with a taken man is a really good way of protecting yourself from putting yourself out there . 
  are you sure it 's not a way of protecting yourself ? 
  in about 10 % of my answers i tell the truth , just to throw you off the trail, 
  fapping, 
  he was probably working on a few possibilities at the same time, 
  how crap is the news where you 're from, 
  find activities or interests that you can share . 
  ask her about the things she cares about , even if you do n't care ( because you think it 's a boring topic ) , talk to her about it anyway and try to find enjoyment in her enjoyment of it . 
  he cheated on you . 
  he did you a favour by leaving you . 
  spell the title of the thread correctly, 
  this is for any douche bags who wander in :, 
  you 're a douchebag . 
  i hope you know that words can hurt, 
  i do n't want no consolation prize, 
  that 's because most political discussions on reddit are circlejerks as the vast majority are slightly left of ghandi, 
  * now * you wo n't, 
  the sound of me receiving a blowjob, 
  yeh . 
  by being 14 and living in their parent 's basement still, 
  what 's your relationship to him ? 
  are you his parent , your post makes it seem like that ? 
  if you 're not his parent or his partner you can give him advice but it 's not your place to tell him what to do . 
  here 's the thing about the difference between skeptical/scientific thinking and ( most ) religious thinking : the key element to what someone says is n't their * authority * it 's their message . 
  if i 'm dressed like sailor moon and have spent the last 20 years in a cave talking to animals it does n't make what i say any less credible * as long as what i say has substance/scientific truth behind it * . 
  therefore , it changes nothing . 
  you 're mean to me, 
  yeh , they 're not the only two options despite what a lot of redditors seems to think . 
  there 's a difference between progressive and liberal, 
  they 're just douchebags, 
  how about once a month ? 
  i 'd take it if i could still do it once a month . 
  what a wonderful world, 
  but of course, 
  it 's a bit of a fetish of mine but i love it when she puts my penis in her mouth, 
  cocaine ? 
  dissociative fugue, 
  my aftershave, 
  pfft . 
  canadian, 
  one time when i was on a train i did n't get flashed by a homeless guy, 
  come up with a funnier answer to this thread, 
  i learned about it the other day in my psychopathology class . 
  how awesome is it,
