  you 're right about one part . 
  i sure did downvote it !, 
  way to make a fucking useless suggestion in a really serious situation . 
  yes , when i was a child , even had some answered ( although looking back it 's very easily explained now ) . 
  then i grew up and realised that making active change in the world is far better than having imaginary friends . 
  actually , one study showed that knowing you 're being prayed for leads to * worse * health outcomes . 
  the researchers thought it was potentially due to a pressure to get better . 
   askreddit is for thought-provoking , inspired questions . 
  megan fox . 
  olivia wilde is too skinny in my books . 
  if she 's not mentally challenged , she understands . 
  losing weight is hard . 
  support her but if she does n't want to lose weight , no amount of prodding will make her do it . 
  if there are 5 urinals 1 2 3 4 5 and i 'm standing at # 2 . 
  do n't go to 1 or 3 unless there 's someone already in 4/5 . 
  ( australian ) my girlfriend 's grandfather used an american surrogate . 
  she now has a half-american uncle who is half her age . 
  be very careful diagnosing yourself with mental illnesses based on what you read . 
  most symptoms exist on a continuum and you need an expert to say whether or not they 're actually a disorder ( most people either greatly over or under rate their symptoms ) . 
  also , i 'm not sure if you 've looked at the descriptions in the dsm but most of the time you need almost all the symptoms for it to be considered clinical and you may not completely understand the terms . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , i 'm just saying be careful before you start calling yourself a sociopath . 
  it 's a very severe illness that does n't actually have a cure . 
  up the front . 
  you 're there to learn and you 're far less likely to let yourself get distracted . 
  because right now it is n't an issue of ` making mistakes ' . 
  the gop have explicitly said that their main purpose is to ensure that obama does n't get re-elected and they have been ruthlessly selfish in their approach to that . 
  right now , they 'd be happy if the economy tanked further because they believe it 'd give themselves a better chance for re-election . 
  fuck them . 
  contact some health services in your area , they will probably know where you can get a couple of free counselling sessions . 
  because , typically speaking , younger people are far more likely to be liberal/progressive . 
  riot, 
  you ca n't add text if it 's a link, 
  nice try , uninventive movie director, 
  and had a barbara streisand lunchbox, 
  all generalisations are wrong, 
  next to normal . 
  it 's a musical about mental illness . 
  really harrowing but beautiful . 
  why do all of your plans include lsd or electrocution ? 
  that 's so takei, 
  yeh and what you 're thinking is disgusting . 
  get your mind out of the gutter, 
  lord of the rings . 
  i really think it could work . 
  well look at miss la-di-da reading voltaire in one of them there fancy books, 
  paint the phone number on your body and run down the street naked, 
  i have my jeans pile and i have my t-shirts pile . 
  it 's simple and easy, 
  credit : taken from [ here ] ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/2011/08/10/kali-ma-kali-ma-kali-ma-shakti-deh/ ), 
  you do n't have a team of hairdressers and make-up artists working on you while you 're asleep so you wake up looking perfect ? 
  spoiler alert, 
  38 minutes gone , this guy * must * be the killer, 
  i get no karma from it . 
  it 's a self-post . 
  also , who cares ? 
  people were clearly interested, 
  1 * million * dollars, 
  [ citation required ], 
  yes . 
  please do n't do it . 
  strip, 
  cut off a leg and count the rings, 
  all generalisations are wrong . 
  your mother would be so proud, 
  i 'm 12 years old and what is this, 
  beat me by 22 seconds . 
  why are you being so awkward about it ? 
  `` hey derp , let 's catch up . 
  call me '', 
  so do n't overcomplicate it . 
  why ? 
  [ relevant ] ( http://spud.wetfish.net/b/the-joke.jpg ), 
  call the police, 
  because you have a tiny penis . 
  your mother, 
  to be fair , if i was a manager i 'd really want to know if people were drinking on the job . 
  please say he stayed in costume, 
  my advice : do n't be a cock . 
  yeh but it 's a liability issue . 
  if one of you fall down the stairs or some shit it 's really important that you were drinking before it happened . 
  best 3 ways to increase brain power based on recent studies :, 
  exercise , novelty in activities ( increases dopamine = neuroplastic change ) and a good diet . 
  no magic pill sorry . 
  i 'd sure as fuck not stay at university, 
  organic makes no difference in terms of health . 
  get a nice variation of fruit/vegetables/meat and drink plenty of water . 
  and your evidence that there are more hormones is ? 
  which hormones too ? 
  how are those hormones harmful ? 
  genuinely wondering . 
  i hear people claim it all the time but have never seen evidence of it . 
  poo with the door open, 
  i do n't . 
  beyond the fact that finding your soul mate would be almost statistically impossible . 
  i think that the idea of a soul mate detracts from the fact that good relationships take work . 
  you do n't meet someone and everything if perfect all the time , it 's just not how it works . 
  if you meet someone you have a lot in common with , are attracted to and can imagine spending a bunch of time with it 's amazing but certainly not the only person possible . 
  know when to run awaaay, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaid72fqzne ) song will explain everything, 
  it does .
