  they 're trained in helping people in your situation and will also be able to give you ideas of resources in your area . 
  because it 's obscene how many preventable deaths we lose because people have uncontrollable sadness . 
  i do n't understand why it is n't the first story in the news every night that we let this go on . 
  you did n't ramble . 
  i really appreciate your response . 
  sorry about your dad . 
  because men do n't talk about their problems until too late . 
  you 're a great person for spending the time to visit her . 
  you 're making a bigger difference than you could know . 
  i saw it . 
  thanks for your story . 
  what do you mean it ` does n't work ' . 
  the benefit you get from meditation is n't from being good at it . 
  if you were good at it there 'd be no point doing it . 
  the benefit is training your brain to re-focus on the present . 
  if all you can do is 30 seconds and in that time you re-focus on your breath 10 times , that 's great . 
  the next time it might be 35 seconds . 
  try this for me then . 
  i want you to take 5 really deep slow breaths . 
  before each breath , try to re-focus yourself on the sensation of the breath . 
  see where in your body you feel it ( in your nose ? 
  in your throat ? ) . 
  just 5 breaths with the intention of doing that each time , even if you concentration does n't last the entire breath , just trying to have that present focus will train your brain . 
  do you think you could try that ? 
  ... and it 's gone . 
  i get that . 
  thanks for being brave enough to try . 
  when you say it made you depressed to remember why you were doing it , do you mean that you judged yourself for needing to do it or that it reminded you of the thoughts that make you feel down ? 
  wow , that 's an incredible story . 
  i 'm sorry for the slow reply , i 'm at work today but took a break so i could finally respond to you . 
  it sounds like you 've had an indescribably harsh run of things . 
  you must have an incredible amount of resilience . 
  do you mind me asking what makes you feel so down in particular ? 
  i can certainly see why you 'd feel that way . 
  what are you studying at university ? 
  and what would you want to do with a communications degree ? 
  i thought the most recent scare looked like it was going to be clear . 
  or were you sardonic - it 's hard to know in text . 
  shit . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i do n't know how things work over there , are you able to get them treated without health insurance ? 
  that sucks . 
  healthcare in america is such a joke . 
  do you have an artificial joint in ? 
  my ex had juvenile athritis and had to have a hip replacement at 22 . 
  they only last 10 years as well . 
  how 'd you do that ? 
  two different occasions , one of which was last night . 
  last night i got to reach tens of thousands of people about suicide awareness - [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/ztepi/reddit_today_in_australia_it_was_r_u_okay_day_and/ ) . 
  the other time was when i was able to do the same but give a tonne of information about psychology in general - [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/utthk/scientists_of_reddit_what_misconceptions_do_us/ ) . 
  how many people can say that they got to share their passion with 10s of thousands of people ? 
  the ufc fighter would win very , very easily . 
  the moral landscape - sam harris, 
  have you tried mindfulness meditation . 
  there 's a tonne of research into how it improves focus and memory , while also reducing depressive and anxious symptoms . 
  check out ucla 's mindfulness centre - http://marc.ucla.edu/ - they have guided meditations and links to hundreds of pages of research . 
  the fact that by all objective measures ( violence , healthcare , education , equality etc. ), 
  we live in the best world that has ever existed . 
  people will always find problems with the world but we 've been steadily improving it over the course of human history . 
  sure , there are going to be challenges ( environment , increasing corporate power ) but i think history shows that we 'll work out way out of it . 
  fun fact : [ ect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electroconvulsive_therapy ) has started being used again and the studies show that it 's actually pretty damn effective in certain situations . 
  that 's rough . 
  do you watch much sport ? 
  nah , i 'm a huge nba fan . 
  i 've got the international version of league pass and watch at least a couple of games a day during the season . 
  it 's going to be a tough few seasons for the suns . 
  it 's such a shame , their cheapness stopped them from either actually contending for a championship or rebuilding properly . 
  plus , i 'm pretty furious at them for giving away nash to the lakers for cents on the dollar . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  why would n't the fastest paced team in basketball want a black-hole post-up player well past his prime ? 
  and does n't play defence anymore, 
  my favourite team is whoever is playing against the lakers . 
  i 'm not excited for this season after they were gifted two incredible deals . 
  do you get to go to many games ? 
  i 've never been to the us but i want to go just to watch some live nba . 
  does she ever offer ? 
  if she has n't offered after 12-13 dates i 'd be pissed off . 
  let me put it this way . 
  if she did n't at least offer after the first date it would give me pause . 
  after the 2nd , i 'd only still be with her if i * really * liked her . 
  i 've removed this post because ~ ~ i 'm a t-mobile shill ~ ~ this is a yes/no question thrown in to * try * ( not very hard ) to fit the subreddit criteria and you 're simply trying to use this platform to form a lynch mob . 
  it 's not appropriate for askreddit . 
  you very clearly broke the rules of the subreddit . 
  how important i think your message is has nothing to do with it and i 'm not going to give you special treatment . 
  if you feel like posting your story again in a way that fits * within * the subreddit rules your post will go untouched . 
  you caught me . 
  the australian guy works for t-mobile . 
  they 've had me stationed on reddit for 1.5 years now just in case this came up . 
  luckily i spotted the post early enough to stop it !, 
  i do n't care how popular it was . 
  my job here is to enforce the rules equally and fairly . 
  you broke the rules , a lot , and now want special treatment . 
  we even ** explicitly ** warn you before you make the post that any posts that do n't fit them are subject to removal . 
  i do n't understand why you think you should get special treatment here . 
  funnily enough i was also once getting a ride ( from a taxi driver ) who also lied about having a song named after him . 
  i 'm not going to keep responding to you . 
  this is the last time . 
  i 'm not going to put your post back up when it clearly breaks the rules . 
  feel free to message the other mods and complain if you like . 
  i do n't think they 'll overrule me .
