  ppaca . 
  kind of sounds like someone with a stutter trying to say `` packer '' . 
  you should read the book sum by david eagleman . 
  it 's a series of short stories about all sorts of different made up afterlifes . 
  it 's wonderfully enchanting and the audiobook version has some brilliant people reading it ( including stephen fry ) . 
  that 's so weird , i also read it in stephen fry 's voice . 
  i completely agree with this as it would only make the system easier to abuse . 
  what 's to stop some particularly immature people from / r/atheism all voting for one of them in / r/christianity ? 
  as was pointed out in the other thread , you need to create a new subreddit and move on . 
  if they 're truly that bad , other people will follow . 
  the admins try as hard as possible to not change how subreddits are run ( beyond extreme abuses like child pornography ) and that 's how it should be . 
  reddit is a democratic system . 
  no because science, 
  you have no right to , you 're not longer together . 
  this is your problem and you need to deal with it . 
  it 's not her responsibility to worry about how it affects you . 
  still not your place . 
  she 's an adult , if she wants to do it , she wants to do it . 
  you 're welcome to tell her you think it 's a bad idea but she 'll probably be angry about it . 
  good will hunting . 
  if you do n't cry during `` it 's not your fault '' you 're a fucking monster . 
   no , she left me with very little reason, 
  and, 
   it was about 5 months ago, 
  did she say you were clingy ? 
  why are you assuming there is an extrinsic pupose ? 
  does a snail think that their existence has extrinsic purpose ? 
  consciousness is a tool developed by evolution that makes us brilliant at navigating certain parts of the world . 
  you 're just another animal understanding the world with the tools you have . 
  here 's your chance to start . 
  let it go . 
  part of being in a relationship is understanding the balance between holding on to someone and helping them feel safe/loved/cared for and letting them be themselves . 
  think of it like trying to hold on to a piece of wet soap . 
  if you do n't grip at all , it will fall out of your hand but if you try and grip it too tightly , it will just squeeze out . 
  if you truly want a * partner * , you 'll realise that you need to be an advocate for what they want , not just what you think they should want . 
  swimming at a remote australian beach when i 'm not a good swimmer . 
  got pulled out by a rip . 
  if i swam as hard as i could , i could just get to the edge where the rip started which happened to be the last place i could stand but then i 'd get pulled back out . 
  i had a friend there who was yelling to swim sideways but i was too panicked to do it . 
  then , i started having a panic attack . 
  if you 've never had one , you need to understand that you ca n't breathe or move , two very important things when fighting to not get pulled away . 
  i started swallowing a bit of water and knew that i would n't be able to avoid getting tired for much longer . 
  eventually i regained enough composure to swim slightly diagonally because i was too scared that if i did n't swim straight at all , i would just get pulled too far backwards . 
  i managed to get my feet onto sand and walked the way back in . 
  this was by far the worst experience of my life . 
  the mind is what the brain does . 
  we know this because brain damage creates specific and predictable changes to consciousness . 
  we can also see this in split-brain patients where they basically have 2 separate consciousnesses ( look up some of ramachandran 's work on that ) . 
  really warm fresh bread . 
  what an absurdly vague and open assignment . 
  also , what kind of assignment gives a page limit and not a word limit . 
  weird . 
  what level of schooling is this ? 
  just do it on something you 're interested in . 
  if you want some guidance about a specific topic i can probably help you . 
  there 's absolutely no reason to suppose that there is something external to the brain that is responsible for consciousness . 
  i once accidentally sent an sms to my mum graphically describing a sexual encounter i 'd just had . 
  it ca n't be worse than that . 
  is there a particular disorder or type of treatment you 're interested in ? 
  why would anyone ever get financial restructuring from someone who uses a spambot in an unrelated forum ? 
  chemicals are changing the brain . 
  it provides absolutely no reason to change what i said . 
  yes she was . 
  incredibly obviously so too . 
  please do n't do it though , your wife deserves better . 
  i have not and their opinions on what happened are compromised for the very reason that they 're having the experience , they 're in an altered state of consciousness . 
  you 're obviously very married to this idea so i do n't see much point in dissuading you but our brains are basically just a bunch of wires and chemicals . 
  when you change them , different things happen . 
  there 's no reason to assert anything more than that . 
  never heard of one sorry but why do n't you write a paper on therapeutic treatments for social anxiety ? 
  there 's tonnes of mindfulness research on anxiety disorders from the last 10 years and you could constrast it to cbt , psychodynamic , ipt and drug approaches . 
  i do n't know all the research on nde but i know there is a lot . 
  the commonality between experiences can be due to a bunch of factors including the knowledge of common experiences ( if you expect to see a white light you 're probably more likely to see one ) . 
  there is tonnes of research on it though , do some reading . 
  sure, 
  you 're essentially asking me why i think that using a substance specifically designed to change your subjective experience of the world means that your subjective experience of the world is compromised . 
  i think that 's fairly obvious . 
  right and if anyone can actually do that and it 's a legitimately conducted study , i 'll film myself eating my shoe and post it on youtube for you to watch . 
  nope . 
  what 's it mean ? 
  i personally struggle with fiction but i 'll go through a bunch of non-fiction every month . 
  if i want a story , i need more visual stimulation . 
  maybe it 's sad but i 've tried and that 's just me . 
  slow down you crazy child you 're so ambitious for a juvenile but then if you 're so smart , tell me why are you still so afraid . 
  where 's the fire what 's the hurry about ? 
  you better cool it off before you burn it out you know there 's only so many hours in the daaaaaay . 
  but you know that when the truth is told that you can get what you want or you can just get old . 
  gm food has saved countless lives . 
  there are companies that use it for evil ( looking at you monsanto ) but the good massively outweighs the bad . 
  because it 's being used to enhance food given to 3rd world countries to include nutrients that are very difficult for them to get . 
  despite what your mother may have told you when you were n't finishing your dinner there are some pretty significan logistical issues behind getting your leftovers to rural parts of india . 
  gmos are designed to be sustainable . 
  trying to ship food or money there is n't . 
  given them crops that grow well in their environment and give them nutrients that they 're defficient in is . 
  wow he really blue it, 
  i 've heard the argument made that chinese children learn maths at a younger age than english-speaking children because their numbers are simpler to learn . 
  does n't directly answer your question but it may aid your search . 
  slept with a girl studying politics that was very active in political movements and seemed poised for a career as a politician . 
  there were moments when i thought `` god it 'd be great to see her in a press conference on tv and remember that she used to suck my cock regularly '', 
  why are you asking us ?
