  malcolm gladwell - outliers, 
  sam harris - the end of faith, 
  leonard mlodinow - the drunkard 's walk, 
  michael shermer - the borderlands of science, 
  malcolm gladwell - tipping point, 
  sam harris - the moral landscape, 
  drawing a blank trying to think of more . 
  will edit, 
  not everyone wants to leave the country they grew up in , spend huge amounts of money relocating and moving far away from their family . 
  at a certain point you have to say yes . 
  if someone is holding a button that will detonate a bomb in time square and you 're the only one in the room with him . 
  do you shoot him if you 're holding a gun ? 
  of course you do . 
  only wear a tie if you 're wearing a jacket in my opinion, 
  i get the feeling there are n't many outfits that she would n't look good in . 
  i 'm sure this will be topped but :, 
  first time my girlfriend came to a big extended family dinner ( done every second friday night ) one cousin took the other 's phone while she was in the bathroom and posted on facebook `` derpina loves cock in her ear '' . 
  derpina came back to sniggering , found out what happened and responded by throwing her own iphone across the room and yelling `` can you see that i 'm angry '' . 
  i pissed myself laughing . 
  two things that have worked for me ( lost about 45kg or 100lbs ), 
  1 ) a good therapist is invaluable because we all put roadbloacks in our own way . 
  2 ) change your perspective of quitting to one where you 're proud of the small accomplishments instead of feeling like you 're going without . 
  for example , if i ate a really healthy meal i tried to think about it in terms of being 1 meal closer to what i want instead of going without a good meal . 
  if you 're certain it 's what you what , it will start being easier . 
  noted, 
  journey - do n't stop believin ', 
  australia - [ skippy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dchy6n907oe ), 
  afaik you ca n't force your landlord to let you edit his building beyond obvious issues like toilets not working . 
  you do n't know the secret reddit hand shake ? 
  that 's awkward, 
  i 'm talking about my right to not have to smell your habit . 
  otherwise , fair is fair , and i should be able to masturbate there as much as i like . 
  [ louis ck ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8r1cztlk-gk ), 
  robe and wizard hat, 
  i reddit while doing other things a lot so i actually like a lot of pictures but i do get why others do n't . 
  so , so sexy . 
  success sits scantily , showing some people superfluous information synthesised . 
  really ? 
  any owner of any restaurant should be allowed to have any rules regardless of how it impacts on other customers ? 
  i assume you have no issues with owners allowing fight clubs while people wait for orderves ? 
  do n't see why it should n't be an owner 's choice to not allow black people into their restaurant too , i guess . 
  that is the stupidest idea i 've ever heard , in my entire life . 
  you do n't think that living longer is n't better for society given that for the first 20 odd years we add virtually nothing to society ? 
  you 're an idiot . 
  spin the earth backwards really quickly, 
  depends on the context . 
  if you 're trying to meet someone of the opposite sex ( for a relationship ) or gain friends then i absolutely do think so . 
  if you do n't you 'll end up with people in your life who like the person you are n't . 
  it 's pointless . 
  there 'll be someone that likes you and people that do n't like the real you are only going to divert you from fidning them . 
  sounds like somebody 's got a case of the mondays, 
  it 's not latent, 
  no words, 
  not looking for any answer in particular , i 'm just curious what people 's criteria are . 
  10 inches shorter . 
  start porn career . 
  i guess i should do mine then :, 
  i think right now i have to say louis pasteur for the huge impact he has had on life expectancies and longer/healthier life expectancies lead to more ability to discover . 
  interesting take, 
  why did you break up ? 
  there are two things i like about this picture and neither of them are her smile . 
  stalking, 
  haha i get it , you did the thing you said in your username . 
  that 's so clever and nobody on reddit does that . 
  [ this has been in my head for a week now ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un2efjejaoa ), 
  laptop table is one of the best investments you can make . 
  me and my so fight over which side of the bed it 's on . 
  nah we have one that 's kind of like a c shape that tucks under the bed and you can angle it down . 
  we never watch our tv and use it for watching tv in bed . 
  at least cuddle a little bit, 
  officeworks, 
  not sure if that 's an international company ( i 'm australian ) sorry, 
  sorry pal . 
  i do make lots of penis jokes too , i think you 're just getting unlucky and seeing the serious answers . 
  i 'll try to get a better ratio . 
  ( taken from social psychology research - not just my opinion ), 
  if you want to appear confident you need to talk confidently . 
  people are more likely to assume you know what you 're talking about if you speak slightly faster than them ( obviously do n't mumble or talk crap ) . 
  also , first impressions really do mean everything ( it 's called the halo effect ) . 
  try to start out strongly and confidently . 
  ~ ~ my mother ~ ~, 
  sarah palin, 
  depends on my mood and what i 'm listening to . 
  i can meditate to the sounds of jeff buckley but most of the time i just let it be in the background because i do n't do it as an exclusive activity . 
  omg , somehow i knew you were going to be here !, 
  question : how many times have you been thinking of someone and they did n't call ? 
  grieve the relationship . 
  if it hurts , that 's okay . 
  if it does n't that 's fine too . 
  do n't rush into being with someone again and do n't get drunk to take your mind off it . 
  if you feel lonely , find some friends or family you can hang out with . 
  just let yourself get over it as you 're ready . 
  it both is and is n't funny at the same time . 
  hence me saying if you 're looking for a relationship . 
  if all you care about is getting laid do not heed my advice . 
  would n't the rim shot be before the big bang ? 
  the impact of religious lobbies on public policy . 
  stuff in my personal life is going great right now so i 'm focussing on external stuff that annoys me . 
  personally , i think that any hitting is child abuse . 
  i 've been downvoted into oblivion for saying this before but i stand by it .
