  my great aunt , after hearing that i 'd just gone on a camping trip , decided to give me a 2 foot tall shaving mirror to `` use while camping '' . 
  best ... grandmother ... ever . 
  well ... 
  it 's believed that they 're caused by ` mirror neurons ' . 
  basically mirror neurons allow you to feel whatever it is the other person is feeling although it is often unconscious . 
  that sounds awesome, 
  wish 1 : $ 40 billion, 
  wish 2 : no-one questions where i got the money from, 
  with that , i can have anything i want and cause almost any social change i want . 
  * you 're so vain . 
  i bet you think this song is about you , do n't you , do n't you . 
  has to be # 1 for sheer ironic awesomeness . 
  * and if i say fuck , two more times , that 's 46 fucks in this fucked up rhyme *, 
  be flattered . 
  it 's not very interesting, 
  it 's plenty . 
  i do n't want to completely destroy the economy by devaluing the dollar or take it from other people . 
  hot dog by limp bizkit, 
  i probably do n't have an std, 
  i 'm probably your father . 
  the condom probably did n't break . 
  the surgery was a great success ... probably . 
  `` do you , notjesus , take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife ? '', 
  `` i probably do '', 
  i do n't think probably is really the worst part of that sentence . 
  sometimes people just want you to say `` nice one '', 
  we 're behind you, 
  it depends on the context . 
  if it 's `` hey man , check out my holiday snaps '' it 's very different to `` i 'm about to send these to a gallery to try and get an exhibit , how can i improve them ? '', 
  til that when offered to look at a rash on another guy 's cock i 'll probably look out of curiosity . 
  i 'll allow it, 
  chaotic good, 
  do n't forget humble, 
  i 'm ** not ** jesus . 
  not technically a glitch but a few years ago i stayed over at a friends place and we played an epic game of pokemon on an emulator . 
  we 'd almost finished the entire game in a day when i went to press shift + f1 to save . 
  turns out that shift + f1 was autoload , f1 was to save . 
  he threw me out of his house . 
  seriously , how much would those kids regret asking . 
  hold on kids , let me spend 7 years telling you about other women i 've banged before i finish the story . 
  seriously , how much would those kids regret asking . 
  hold on kids , let me spend 7 years telling you about other women i 've banged before i finish the story . 
  you need to look after yourself at this point . 
  go to the management , say you saw the file , tell them you have no interest in telling other staff but need to make sure that you 're not out on your ass after the sale . 
  ask for a small severance . 
  although i never understood why they do n't eat chicken and milk , given that chicken milk is never used . 
  one time i was minding my own business , in my van , when the girl i was looking at through my binoculars got undressed . 
  go on ... 
  did you give her the pocahontas panties in the first place ? 
  i glanced through it but i kept getting distracted by the rustling . 
  louis ck has to be # 1 at the moment, 
  `` just need to let you know that i 'm having some stomach issues '', 
  it does to some extent . 
  i upvote correct answers or interesting ones . 
  because actions affect other people . 
  some people believe ( not saying it 's right or wrong ) that you should be free to patronise places without having to worry about second hand smoke . 
  okay , should owners have a choice about whether they adhere to building codes ? 
  the consumer can decide if they want to patronise it . 
  i 'm trying to work out whether you understand that a certain level of protection should be there for the patrons . 
  we ca n't help unless you tell us exactly what happened, 
  oh dude ... that 's so tame . 
  unless she did it while you 're together it 's seriously nothing . 
  does n't make it funny, 
  online dating . 
  worked for me . 
  if that fails , there 's always stalking . 
   people make comments like that because they lack the confidence to be secure in themselves so they have to say unkind things to others . 
  they are idiots . 
  like people who jump to conclusions about someone they do n't know based on minimal information and attack their character anonymously over the internet ? 
  this is my second . 
  my first one messed up and no matter how many times i changed my password i had to keep changing it everytime i close reddit . 
  i 'm against it . 
  unless they 're tasty . 
  i refuse to tell you, 
  yet to think of a funny use for it . 
  i did enough to creep you out yesterday . 
  now there 's a part of you that will always wonder about me . 
  was he really joking when he said he was in a van outside my house ? 
  too gamey . 
  pfft . 
  science . 
  they can put a man on the moon but they ca n't prove the world is only 6000 years old like we all know it is . 
  what does science know, 
  but then he would n't get any karma, 
  it would be absolutely fantastic for the democrats if bachmann was the republican nominee, 
  booze and weed are not good coping strategies . 
  try exercise , meditation or writing down your feelings . 
  they are all clinically proven to make you feel better . 
  camus because i love his concept of the absurd . 
  yes, 
  what you should do is get advice on the biggest decision of your life from anonymous strangers on the internet who have never met you . 
  i 'm a psych student but i 'm at work so i ca n't go on imgur . 
  what happened ? 
  the placebo effect . 
  we know it exists , we know it 's potent but we really do n't know the mechanism involved . 
  understanding that could open a whole new area of treatment . 
  mystery ? 
  really ? 
  it 's a folk tale . 
  video please .
