  i 'm probably not a huge help for this one but you may want to talk about the availability heuristic which basically states that the easier an example comes to mind , the more frequent or important you think that thing will be ( the classic example is : do you think there are more words starting with the letter r or have r as the third letter . 
  there are actually several times more with r as the third letter but most people say the former ) . 
  so , very few people die from terrorist acts compared to heart disease , a small fraction . 
  however , you would be up in arms if the government started banning high fat foods to protect you . 
  realistically though , it 's an incalculably smarter option . 
  if you want to use that , you can take your paper on an angle where you talk about why we 're willing to make sacrifices for something that has a tiny , tiny chance of killing us but still allow people to smoke cigarettes ( the cause of 80 % of drug-related deaths ) or other , far more prescient issues . 
  theoretically , you 're worse off studying with music ( unless you 're listening to the music during the exam and the music does n't distract you * at all * ) . 
  however , if you 're able to do an hour of study without music or three hours with , i 'd use music . 
  yes , it 's called working memory . 
  it 's basically the number of items we can hold in our mind at once and it is normally 7 + / -2 items . 
  you can use chunking to increase that by making the items you 're holding larger . 
  exactly right . 
  no problems at all , just message me if you need any help with the psych side of it . 
  they 're what we call [ a feral child ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feral_child ) ( not the most sensitive name ever ) . 
  the most famous case is [ genie ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genie_\\ ( feral_child \\ ) ) . 
  tl ; dr human contact is very important for proper development . 
  what 's more , we have critical periods of development ( think about how hard it is for adults to learn new languages ) where we learn certain things far easier . 
  over time the child will show more normal development if exposed to other adults but the effects * are * felt forever . 
  fitting username ? 
  yeh , that 's the frustration with psychology . 
  there 's so much we could study if it were n't for pesky ethics . 
  most of the seminal studies would have 0 chance of being approved now . 
  `` oh , you want to terrify a baby over and over to see if it gets scared of a toy ? 
  sure , that seems alright ! '', 
  the idea is that since you can only have a limited number of items , you combine things so those items contain more information . 
  for example , your phone number could be 56165487 which would be on the edge of your capacity . 
  however , you 're far more likely to remember it if you memorise it as 561 654 87, 
  i remember when i bought my 16 year old daughter a huge pink dildo . 
  it was the best christmas ever, 
  i have no idea what i just read, 
  the dsm iv ( current edition ) and dsm v ( one being released soon ) are far more scientific than the earlier versions . 
  to answer a few of your questions :, 
  1 ) most of the classifications will say something like : to meet the criteria for x disorder , there must be at least 4 of the 6 following symptoms for a minimum of 6 months . 
  this allows room for variation ( for example , not all depression sufferers have sleep disturbance ) but still provides a guideline wherein too big a variation from the norm should be considered not a disorder or a different category all-together . 
  2 ) there is obvious cultural bias as the vast majority of studies that contribute to the dsm are done in western countries . 
  additionally , certain disorders are almost only found in certain countries ( for example , there is little evidence of dissociative identity disorder outside western countries ) . 
  the flip side is that most of the manuals are being used in the same countries that they 're being written in . 
  3 ) harm to others is n't generally used in the dsm because it 's hard to quantify . 
  it 's a more useful definition when looking at having a patient committed against their will . 
  the move in recent dsms has been towards more specific classifications based on scientific data . 
  this has led to the process being a very long and drawn out one and one that will lead to about 3 times as many classifications in the dsm v as the dsm iv . 
  also worth noting is that when there is a disorder that is believed to affect people but there is insufficient scientific evidence to classify it , it is put into the appendix to encourage further research . 
  ** if you have any further questions please feel free to ask **, 
  last i heard was mid 2013, 
  the tension in psychology has been , in my opinion , finding the balance between scientific integrity and integrating subjective data . 
  so , as you may be aware , psychology really started out with little to no scientific evidence . 
  a lot of freud 's works were `` just so '' theories ( like a lot of evo psych , trying to predict the cause by the result ) and struggled for scientific integrity . 
  as psychology became more of a science there was a real backlash from people with a genetics/biology basis that almost completely ignored the unconscious and subjective data . 
  in the last 10-20 years or so there has been an attempt by most researchers to find the balance point . 
  the point is that you ca n't define depression without dysphoria and although you can try to take a subjective experience and make an objective quantification ( psychological testing ) you 're still analysing subjective data , affected by biases . 
  1 ) as a part of the process of finding that balance point , several different fields within psychology have emerged and they differ on their basic ideas of what causes psychopathology . 
  for example , a cognitivist will discuss faulty thinking when discussing depression and a behaviourist will talk about reinforcement . 
  however , a neuroscientist will look at serotonin levels and a geneticist will point out the strong twin studies evidence that there is a genetic component . 
  the point is that mental health is far more complicated than we anticipated in the past and there is n't one answer as to the cause of any disorder . 
  generally speaking we understand the more common disorders better because more people research it and there 's a larger pool of data . 
  this also leads to better treatments for those issues ( we have almost no effective treatment for most personality disorders ) . 
  2 ) i ca n't think of any specific examples of cultural bias off the top of my head ( maybe i 'm showing my own cultural bias here ) . 
  however , it 's an important part of clinical training to understand the context of behaviour . 
  for example , someone talking to themselves in church is seen differently to someone talking to themselves on the street . 
  3 ) basically , a large body of well respected psychopathologists have taken submissions for years now on what should be changed . 
  as the focus is on scientific evidence , to suggest a change you have to have evidence to support that change . 
  for example , if i was researching autism spectrum disorders and found another discrete disorder that fell into those bounds i would write them a submission showing my evidence for adding the new classification . 
  4 ) this is a really tough question to answer and the best one i can give you is sort of . 
  the lines are blurrier in mental disorders than physical diseases and often the therapy does n't vary * that * much . 
  i think that the best case scenario is a better integration of the different fields within and without psychology to give people the best care possible . 
  it may be possible , with better tools , to use a brain scan that can give you a print out of each disorder the person has but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  at the end of the day , the best care will come from an integration of objective data and subjective experience that still conforms to scientific rigour . 
  how that works , i have no idea . 
  no problems at all . 
  this is what i 'm passionate about . 
  study psychology . 
  have n't applied for a tag because most of those with tags seem to be further along than me but there are n't many psych people on here so i answer anyway . 
  i do n't think anyone on here will be able to give you a scientific answer , it 's more of an askreddit question . 
  talk to a psychologist but find the right kind . 
  you most likely want someone who practices psychodynamic psychotherapy wherein the therapist will help you explore the concepts and why you feel the way you do . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://reddit.honestbleeps.com ) makes it eassy, 
   and a psychotherapist is more suited to helping with other mental problems , not existential crises, 
  this is false . 
  psychologists are n't only for mental health problems and certain kinds of therapy are very helpful for people who are seeking clarity in their purpose and aims . 
  do n't try to fix it for him , that 's not your job . 
  your job is to be supportive and loving . 
  listen to him talk and provide a safe space for him to discuss his feelings about it . 
  do n't offer solutions , just a supportive ear . 
  if he 's finding it very difficult you can gently suggest that it might help to talk through some of his concerns with a psychologist who can help him work through some of the more complex emotions involved ( anger towards parents is always complex ) . 
  other than that , just be his friend , make sure he knows that no matter what he has a loving brother that is there for him no matter what . 
  there are several theories that inform a human sense of morality in many different fields . 
  do you have a more specific question about morality ? 
  which is a common thing . 
  depression is a life of negatives ; `` i do n't want ... '' `` i ca n't be ... '' `` i should n't ... '' etc. 
  getting rid of those counter-identities is immensely important but it leaves you with the bigger question of `` well what am i then ? '' . 
  that question is a perfectly valid question for therapy and a good therapist wo n't tell you the answer ( they ca n't anyway ) . 
  what they can do is support you in working out how to define what you want . 
  there was a study with colonoscopies a few years ago wherein they varied the rate at which the camera was pulled out of the patient ( a painful process ) . 
  normally , the camera is pulled out quickly because it means that it 's over quickly but the study actually found that pulling it out slowly , while creating more net pain , actually left the patients with better memories of the experience . 
  the reason for this is the recency effect . 
  the recency effect says that the part of an experience you 'll remember most clearly is the last part of it . 
  tl ; dr pull it off slowly and you 'll remember it as being less painful, 
  you ca n't take an ought ( should ) from an is in science . 
  i ca n't say to you that x structure in your brain means you should act a certain way . 
  what i can tell you is that we have a lot of in-built processes that reward positive behaviour ( a recent study actually showed that giving charity makes you happier than spending the same amount of money on yourself ) .
