  you both really need some outside time, 
  better access to care for mental health patients, 
  back to the future style hoverboards, 
  and ... 
  hipsters, 
  fuck hipsters, 
  $ $ $ and/or sexual gratification for amateurs, 
  being an australian, 
  if you 're genuinely fearful , go into the police station and tell them . 
  here is your imnotjesus 5-step plan to happiness . 
  accept that you have a small social group . 
  some people like having lots of people around , other people prefer small groups . 
  if you love that group of friends to death , be really fucking glad you have those friends . 
  it could be a lot worse . 
  you 're going to start exercising . 
  i do n't mean go to the gym and try to be something you 're not . 
  you 're going to go on a 30 minute walk , 3-5 times a week . 
  this is brilliant time to yourself and you 'll start to feel fitter/healthier . 
  start meditating . 
  this is good advice for anyone . 
  there have been amazing results from a whole bunch of studies on it recently ( go to itunes and search ucla mindfulness - you can do it for as short as 3-5minutes and you 'll learn some incredible skills ) . 
  find a new job . 
  if you 're comfortable there it 's okay and it 's not an emergency but your dad is a cock and you should try to not mix business and family anyway . 
  it 's not a healthy situation . 
  if you have the means and this rough patch is on-going , i was you to talk to a counsellor/psychologist . 
  you do n't have to be `` sick '' to get value from it and it sounds like you really need to get some thoughts out of your head . 
  do n't be afraid to give it a shot . 
  ahh denise , you 're hilarious, 
  ca n't seem to find a doi but the details are as follows :, 
  the adhd epidemic in america , j.d. 
  * ethical human psychology and psychiatry * , volume 9 , number 2 , 2007 . 
  again , it 's a very biased , and at points fallacious , paper ( in my opinion ) but it will give you that side of the argument . 
  that 's fine to want to expand , i just do n't want you to do it because you think you have to . 
  whatever makes you feel comfortable , i like audiobooks but walking in silence can be really nice sometimes too . 
  great to hear that , try to make a regular time to put aside 20 minutes if you 're game . 
  glad to hear it . 
  what do you mean by `` nothing happened '' ? 
  what were you expecting to happen ? 
  you should know that many psychologists have been through therapy themselves and some consider it a * must * . 
  if you want to study psychology to ` figure it all out ' , you 're barking up the wrong tree . 
  well , i think you 'd find it very different if you did it on your own terms and i do thoroughly recommend it ( i 'm about to start post-grad psych and have gone through therapy myself ), 
  willing, 
  dr. norman doidge talks about this is the brain that changes itself ( a really nice book about neuroplasticity that explains it in farily easy terms ) . 
  there 's a chapter about porn addiction but he also talks about how your brain adjusts to its need for stimulation , based on how much it 's being stimulated . 
  he argues that children who are overstimulated when young , will train their brains to need a higher degree of stimulation to become aroused ( in the physiological sense - i do n't mean erections ) . 
  so , in that sense , having access to constant stimulation , does change your need for it . 
  however , i think this argument has some circularity to it ( children with a higher demand for arousal will seek out more provocative activities ) . 
  in regards to whether one can be addicted to stimulating the reward centre of the brain , the best analogy is gambling . 
  pokies machines ( not sure if that 's a universal term ) are designed to give you constant stimulation ; flashing lights , small wins etc. 
  to get you addicted to the surge of dopamine that you now associate with playing . 
  you 're not chemically addicted in the same sense you are with meth but it 's certainly a dangerous addiction . 
  i 'm really sorry your psychologist was a crank . 
  you should definitely report him/her but please give it another shot . 
  easiest healthy meal in the world :, 
  get a sweet potato , put it in foil , stick it in the over for an hour . 
  once it 's out , add some deliciousness ( i just fry some onion/garlic/chicken breast in a tiny bit of oil ) . 
  another tip , if you want mashed potato , instead of using regular potatoes roast some pumpkin and carrot then blend them together . 
  twice the flavour , half the calories . 
  swimming at an australian beach , got caught in a rip . 
  swam against it for about 10 minutes and had a panic attack in the process . 
  my chest feels tight just remembering the feeling . 
  peter is a slang term for penis . 
  maybe she 's just the worst dirty talker in the world ? 
  is that why you just stick to the midget porn now ? 
  res tags , i love you . 
  there 's nothing about his story that suggest schizophrenia so please do n't try and diagnose someone 's mental health over the internet . 
  it 's never appropriate and you clearly have very little understanding of psychopathology . 
  i 'm not trying to be a dick but you could really hurt someone . 
  a girl i kissed in high school had a breakdown and started cutting herself , saying she would n't stop unless i got back together with her . 
  i made her see the school counselor ( who was fucking terrible ) and he basically made me sit in a room with her and talk it out because she was n't telling him anything . 
  she started telling me she 'd `` do anything '' to be with me and even started trying to grab my crotch . 
  as a 15 year old guy who had only kissed 1 girl , this was fairly tempting but i held strong . 
  sorry but the other information in this thread is incorrect . 
  there are differences between the brains of drug addicts and sex addicts . 
  firstly , all drugs affect your brain differently so it really depends on which you 're talking about . 
  for example , some create a lack of certain neurochemicals in between fixes whereas others create an increase . 
  sex addiction , like all non-chemical addictions because so because of dopamine . 
  there may not be a structural difference ( unless you 've had very severe and extended drug abuse ) but neurochemically they 're different . 
  there 's a brilliant [ ted talk ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/en/denis_dutton_a_darwinian_theory_of_beauty.html ) on this . 
  there 's no situation where they 'll use deadly force unless you 're a clear threat to them or someone else . 
  if you 're innocent you can always surrender . 
  if you shoot a cop , even if you 're innocent of the original crime , you 're going to jail . 
  i 'm not really sure what you mean by prolific in that context . 
  okay , so i 'm not aware of any sort of evidence this actually happens all that often , i 'm going to answer why you * think * it happens . 
  our brains are really good at noticing two things ; patterns and difference . 
  when we were evolving , we did so in an environment where noticing something change ( a noise , movement etc. ), 
  was often a good indication that you could be lunch soon . 
  it was adaptive . 
  now that we live in a vastly different world , those skills are applied to all sorts of things . 
  because we 're wired to notice things that are different or unexpected , we assume that they happen far more often than they do because they catch our attention ( have you ever thought that street lights go out a lot near you ? 
  you 're not a street light wizard , you just do n't notice when street lights * do n't * go out ) . 
  in fact , you can even show this effect in reverse . 
  i want you to try and answer this question : do you think there are more words that have r as the first letter or the third letter ? 
  did you think first letter ? 
  the vast majority of people do because they come to your mind quicker . 
  in fact there are several times as many with r as the third letter . 
  what 's my point ? 
  the point is that your brain combines your skill for noticing differences ( someone waking up ) with this error in judging how often something occurs by assuming that the quicker examples come to mind , the more common it must be . 
  ** tl ; dr ** you do n't notice when someone * does n't * wake up . 
  therefore , your brain assumes that it does n't happen very often,
