  i figuratively do n't understand what you 're talking about . 
  you can be my friend , sure . 
  hi , my name is imnotjesus, 
  sounds cute . 
  trust me , girls ( in general ) care way more about thoughtfulness than fanciness . 
  just show her you care , that 's what she wants . 
  seven a.m. , waking up in the morning, 
  got ta be fresh , got ta go downstairs, 
  got ta have my bowl , got ta have cereal, 
  seein ' everything , the time is goin ', 
  tickin ' on and on , everybody 's rushin ', 
  got ta get down to the bus stop, 
  got ta catch my bus , i see my friends ( my friends ), 
  sittin ' in the back seat, 
  got ta make my mind up, 
  which seat can i take ? 
  ** edit ** : forgot to mention this is my routine for a standard friday only, 
  hey everyone , this guy drinks alcohol, 
  it 's mainly lack of knowledge and understanding combined with a natural distrust of things they perceive as unnatural . 
  gm foods are our best chance to fix poverty and it 's really depressing that people stand in the way of it . 
  the interwebs, 
  should n't you be working on world peace ? 
  titty banging ? 
  costco . 
  i got a membership from a guy i know . 
  yeh but you do n't join because you want people to care , you join because you want to interact with other people as smart as you . 
  way to break the first 2 rules, 
  i can prove it beyond all reasonable doubt . 
  we 've had billions of people 's brains stop and 0 evidence so far that any of them exist beyond that point . 
  if you can provide me with any evidence to the counter then i 'll start believing you . 
  i ca n't with 100 % certainty prove to you that the sun will rise tomorrow but i 'll take my chances and say it 's going to happen . 
  of course i can . 
  our brains stop working when we die , we are our brains . 
  if you have any evidence of an existence external to our brains i would love to hear it but until then i 'll keep assuming that when my brain stops , i stop . 
  okay , prove that there is n't an invisible pink unicorn named russell in my garage . 
  and perhaps we have n't discovered a technology that will detect that i 'm not actually using my hands to type to you it 's just an elaborate illusion i 've created in my own mind that also projects into the mind 's of those watching . 
  i guess it 's possible but i 'll keep assuming i 'm typing until proven otherwise . 
  i 'll agree that my original statement was douchey but that does n't mean that i 'm wrong . 
  we ca n't know anything with 100 % certainty but we make assumptions based on what we do know . 
  there is n't just no evidence that a god exists , there is evidence to the counter and it 's not absurd to say that the god of the bible ( or other religious texts ) does n't exist . 
  it 's invisible , even with keys you would n't be able to see it . 
  watch out when you masturbate , the invisible pink unicorn will damn you to hell for having sexual thoughts . 
  i was shit stirring a bit but i hate when people say `` we do n't know '' like that 's actually an argument . 
  lube is currently sitting out, 
  at a bus stop outside a crazy girl 's house, 
  i 've had two male friends tell me they were bi-sexual . 
  one i was in my car and another friend was there so it was really easy . 
  the other time was when i was camping with a friend of mine who turned to me and said `` i wonder if i 'd like making out with a guy . 
  i 've been thinking about it a lot recently and want to do it . '', 
  he then realised how much it sounded like he was propositioning me . 
  my phone has a camera ... hmmm, 
  present one by a decent margin . 
  last 5 have been much , much better than the previous, 
  foreplay is your friend . 
  i do n't get guys that do n't ask for help . 
  girls bits are n't as obvious as ours and all girls are different . 
  i want to get all the intel i can . 
  for my birthday my girlfriend took me out to an amazing restaurant and my entree was a beautiful smoked duck breast, 
  you missed a full stop or 7 . 
  double dipping that karma baby i 'm sure i 'll post it tomorrow and the day after too, 
  with that kind of money he could probably get a whole jar of tablets . 
  should n't mix beer and coke . 
  whiskey and coke is great though . 
  buy me reddit gold , it 'd be a great investment, 
  because it 's a cognitive bias and not an obvious prejudice , therefore most people are n't aware of it . 
  edit : clarity, 
  yes sir , almost finished my degree, 
  ( read aloud ), 
  i 'm not the pheasant plucker i 'm the pheasant plucker 's son, 
  i 'm only plucking pheasants till the pheasant plucker comes . 
  gladwell talks about it in what the dog saw and i also learned about it in a cog psych class . 
  have n't ever looked for a peer-reviewed paper on it but i 'd say they 're fairly accurate here . 
  whatever you want it for , you 're a dick, 
  if you say it quickly out loud a lot of people say fucking pleasants, 
  / all has all subreddits whereas the other will only have the ones you subscribe to, 
  making a reddit account, 
  sandpaper ? 
  pay it forward, 
  it should n't matter unless you 're getting sunlight on your face in the morning, 
  i love it . 
  a lot of psych courses really overdo the stats first year . 
  it 's really important to learn but i do n't get why so many universities do it before the student has a love for psych itself . 
  that sounds very reasonable unlike your pie suggestions, 
  good luck  hope it 's right for you, 
  i try to aim for satisfaction and fulfilment as opposed to happiness, 
  finally , yes . 
  would 've said no until a few months ago . 
  i hate it when white clothes go see-through, 
  sure . 
  i had a really major depression after high school and after a few years of therapy i came out the either side a much , much better person for it . 
  the last few months i 've finally been hitting my stride - getting great marks at uni , living with my so and just generally loving life . 
  nah it 's fine i 'm always more than glad to talk about my experience because i know a lot of people on reddit have gone through or are going through similar . 
  i gave a couple of details just above , did you want anything more specific ? 
  i swear i can physically feel the pain in my toe, 
  i had a really major depression after high school and after a few years of therapy i came out the either side a much , much better person for it . 
  the last few months i 've finally been hitting my stride - getting great marks at uni , living with my so and just generally loving life . 
  solipsism is the stupidest crap i 've ever heard in my life and i will instantly stop talking to anyone who calls them self one as they will have nothing of value to add to a discussion, 
  thanks , 
  honestly , i 'll tell you almost anything , i do n't mind . 
  i 'd always been the gifted kid at school and breezed through high school off of that , doing progressively less and less work .
