  do n't be an idiot . 
  how many times did you see the word before your learned it ? 
  it 's called confirmation bias . 
  you notice the hits and forget the misses . 
  appletini, 
  easy on the tini, 
  nope it should n't . 
  i 'd feel much worse about stepping on a dog than a spider too . 
  the difference is perceived complexity and potential . 
  if i scratch my nose , i 'm killing more cells than a very early stage abortion but no-one would consider those equivalent acts would they ? 
  a chimp is more human than a rat and we treat them as such . 
  because killing a person with untested meds is worse than killing a chimp, 
  here 's my problem . 
  80 % of what you said was about how unfair it feels to be so ostracised . 
  you made your bed . 
  i know you consciously accept that but you keep asking the ` reddit community ' to absolve you because you 're sad about what happened . 
  you made your bed . 
  we 're not some big , warm hug that will make you feel better when you did something really bad . 
  actual advice : do n't try to be friends with them for quite a while , if at all . 
  if you 're not able to leave the house , you should be talking to a psychologist . 
  once you 're able , find some hobbies or local groups where you 'll have a shared interest . 
  when you make new friends , do n't fuck their spouses . 
  i agree , what the husband did is definitely worse . 
  i think it 's common in this sort of situation , if they stay together , for the cheated-on partner to villify the other person as a way of coping with the situation . 
  that 's lovely but i 'm not quite sure how it 's relevant . 
  have you spoken to a psych ** ologist ** ? 
  it sounds like you need to talk through what you want with someone . 
  please, 
  i just started work . 
  i have 8 hours of moments . 
  twilight, 
  had someone tell me that i should take horrible tasting chinese herbs because i could n't prove that they * did n't * work . 
  he also told me that my liver energy was bad because he looked at my tongue and that big pharma stop research about alternative medicines from coming out because they want to protect their profits . 
  is there any way we could get a visual demonstration ... you know to ~ ~ fa ~ ~ understand better, 
  the ability to show people the search function, 
  i think reddit means very little to anyone important beyond being an occassional marketing tool . 
  contrary to what most of / r/politics thinks, 
  that 's a very odd definition of the word true . 
  if i really believe that i 'm sleeping with megan fox does that make it true ? 
  it 's okay if not having sex is a dealbreaker for you . 
  you 're allowed to want it . 
  that 's terrible logic . 
  all long-term relationships go through ups and downs . 
  yes ma'am, 
  you know how many ` natural ' things can kill you if you eat them ? 
  jung is waaaaay outdated, 
  ctrl shift n, 
  okay you 're clearly very attached to this idea so i 'm not going to argue with you about it . 
  i just thought you 'd probably want some more accurate scientific information ( seriously , i just went and looked , it 's not even in my personality textbook for historical purposes it 's that outdated ) . 
  if you wish to believe it true , there 's little i can tell you that will change that . 
  i 'm sorry if i came off harsh . 
  i get quite frustrated when people take early psychoanalytics as fact . 
  there 's some brilliant ideas but psychology can only exist as a science . 
  most contemporary personality theories are either dynamic or trait models . 
  trait models look at major ` types ' of people . 
  the most famous can be remembered easily as ocean ( openness to experience , cosncientiousness , extraversion , agreeableness and neuroticism ) . 
  you have different levels of all 5 of those and based on how much you have of each , you can make predictions about how you 'll act and potential psychopathology ( for example , people who are high in neuroticism are more likely to suffer from depression ) . 
  dynamic theories tend to argue that there are underlying types but trait theories underestimate the importance of cognition ( thoughts ) , self-efficacy , goals etc. 
  loss of appetite is a common symptom of a depressive episode ( it 's actually one of the dsm criteria ) so it 's very normal . 
  some people also have difficulties sleeping and/or concentrating . 
  you should force yourself to still eat enough to keep your body going . 
  you 'll feel better . 
  fart on everyone in my office ` click ' - style, 
  a cognitive bias is essentially a trap that your brain falls into that leads to flawed thinking or reasoning . 
  there are a huge number of cognitive biases listed [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cognitive_biases ) that are consistently found in people . 
  there are generally reasons for the biases ( self-serving , maintain continuity , shortcuts etc. ) . 
  for example , the availability heuristic states that when you 're trying to estimate how common something is , you use the shortcut of `` how many examples can i think of '' . 
  this is n't always accurate . 
  if you ask a room full of people if they think there are more words * starting * with the letter r or have r as the third letter , the vast majority will say starting . 
  however , r as the third letter is hugely more common . 
  have a look at that list , if there are any you 're interested in and ca n't wrap your head around , feel free to ask . 
  okay , so if i were to ask you if there are more words starting with the letter r or have r as the third letter , it 's not really practical for you to try and count . 
  therefore , you brain has to use a shortcut to try and estimate . 
  one such shortcut is called the availability heuristic and what happens is that your brain assumes that if you can think of one easier than the other ( it 's easier to think of words starting with the letter r ) it must be more common . 
  while that 's a useful rule in a lot of situations , it 's incorrect in this one . 
  therefore , your cognitive bias led you to make an error in judgement . 
  do n't think of it as a date . 
  just go , have a good time and talk to her . 
  if you ca n't think of anything to say , ask her questions about herself . 
  the only difference between this and you hanging out with a friend is that you 're on your best behaviour ( no burping etc. 
  ) , dress a bit nicer and you offer to pay . 
  do n't stress about it . 
  offer twice . 
  `` do n't worry , i 'll get that '', 
  her : `` oh no , you do n't have to '', 
  `` do n't worry , it 's on me '', 
  if she still insists after that , go halves . 
  no girl is going to be offended if you offer twice . 
  you got raped dude, 
  i think fundamental attribution error/actor-observer and self-serving are really important for gaining insight . 
  gambler 's fallacy is really important , contrasting/anchoring , illusory correlation and confirmation bias are all really good one 's for explaining a lot of odd behaviour . 
  my favourite though is probably status quo bias . 
  that would be a good example of a status quo bias . 
  you can threaten to report her rape to the cops . 
  it 'll probably convince her . 
  there are all sorts of reasons why you think that way , none of which are the psychic actually having contact with the dead ( barnham statements , confirmation bias etc. ), 
  read [ this ] ( http://casa.colorado.edu/~dduncan/pseudoscience/howpsychicsandmediumswork-michaelshermer.pdf ), 
  fleshlight, 
  yeh , he 's probably very good at giving you [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/placebo ), 
  acupuncture has been shown not to work in a bunch of studies .
