  cancer is a varied thing . 
  it 's like saying i have a cure for viruses . 
  there 's a lot about sex that people would realise was normal if people talked more openly about it, 
  this was a nurse but ... 
  when i had glandular fever ( mono ) i was getting incredibly overheated and therefore was drinking lots of water . 
  i still felt incredibly dehydrated so i contacted nurse-on-call ( a free nurse telephone service available in australia ) and told them that despite drinking litres upon litres i was still feeling dehydrated and my headache was getting worse . 
  she told me to just keep drinking more water . 
  my symptoms kept getting worse so i went to the doctor who told me i almost died from over-hydration . 
  a few gatorades later i felt a million times better . 
  tl ; dr nurse almost killed me, 
  it can . 
  me and my so have been together for 2 years and i 'm going to pop the question soon . 
  we fought a lot for the first year and a bit though because neither of us were really ready for such a serious relationship . 
  i had a lot of growing up emotionally to do and she needed to get some parts of her life together . 
  we fought really hard to stay together ( i said i was leaving her twice to only not do it at the last minute ) because we knew how right we were for each other but it very easily could 've gone the other way . 
  her telling me to stay and us talking it through enough, 
  beyond the obvious discrimination/not a true democracy answer , it 's significantly harder than you 're suggesting to devise such a test . 
  do you base it on intelligence ? 
  if so , do you use fluid intelligence or crystallised ( crystallised = knowledge but fluid intelligence correlates with better scores on most testing ) . 
  do you test pure knowledge and therefore stop otherwise intelligent people with poor schooling from voting ? 
  how long do you want the test to be ? 
  most intelligence tests take several hours . 
  how many versions of the test will you have ? 
  the same one all day , making it possible for people to share answers or do you have a large selection of randomly allocated tests in which case you increase your workload by several times . 
  who decides which knowledge is integral to an informed vote and why draw the line at that specific point ? 
  what if i 'm an economist who knows a huge amount about the fiscal policy of candidates but due to a lack of time i do n't know enough about their other policies ? 
  why would i care/bother ? 
  vibrator, 
  have you tried / r/christianity ? 
  the big bang theory is pretty widely accepted . 
  what 's not 100 % agreed upon is what came before/what it teaches us about the universe, 
  100 % fewer rednecks in the presidency, 
  i do n't because it 's a horrible thing to do to someone . 
  if you 're not happy , just leave . 
  yes , i also `` wipe the excess water '' off with my hands . 
  i get a lot of excess water on my penis . 
  you ca n't post links on / r/askreddit . 
  also , this is n't really a question , please refer to the sidebar . 
  you 're assuming a lot about me to think i would n't like that . 
  becuase you have a crack in your eye socket . 
  easy question is easy . 
  so one night i was with a group of friends at one of their houses when i realised that i 'd forgotten the dvd that i was going to bring . 
  i drove home , by myself , late at night and pulled up outside my house . 
  it all seemed quiet from the outside so i opened the door and heard this incredibly loud noise coming from upstairs . 
  it took me a second to work out what it was . 
  turns out , my parents decided to have incredibly loud sex since i was out of the house . 
  different injuries are different . 
  slowly lick your lips . 
  not enough amirite guys ? 
  i 'm not , i like natural breasts, 
  so am i. 
  so am i. 
  ( i study psychology and went to one for several years ), 
  1 ) the session is ** your ** time . 
  talk about what you want and take the sessions the way you want . 
  2 ) there are different types of therapy and different people perfer specific types ( if you want more info on this let me know ), 
  3 ) you will not be able to shock your therapist . 
  they have heard it all before . 
  there is no need to pretend/try to impress/hide etc. 
  4 ) talk about things as you feel comfortable . 
  if you do n't want to talk about your deepest darkest secrets in the first session , do n't . 
  5 ) trust the process . 
  sometimes you 're going to leave feeling like shit and be tempted not to go back . 
  you may have to dig up some painful stuff and work your way through it before you can move past it . 
  6 ) let your therapist know about your experience of the therapy and the therapist . 
  the way you relate to your therapist , good or bad , is important information . 
  7 ) if you 're doing cbt , do your homework . 
  studies show that doing the homework is a great predictor of positive therapeutic outcomes . 
  that 's all i can think of off the top of my head , i 'll edit it later if i think of more . 
  wine, 
  not necessarily . 
  you may be in shock , you could deal with distress by deactivating or it 's possible you did n't feel any connection to your uncle . 
  not everything is that black and white . 
  everyone deals with this stuff differently and there 's no `` right '' way . 
  if you 're unsure though , you can always talk to a grief counsellor just to talk it through . 
  it does n't , they 're assholes . 
  i think working ( at laest a small amount ) during studies is actually good for you but if you do n't feel comfortable doing that then do n't . 
  no need to feel guilt though . 
  if you do n't feel comfortable with meds , both gad and depression are things that a psychologist can help you with . 
  it 's also likely to provide you a longer-term solution by helping work through the anxiety/depression and creating better coping mechanisms . 
  if that 's not affordable , there are several books that will teach you how to use cognitive behavioural therapy on yourself and i believe they 're quite good . 
  also , you could try meditation which has had incredibly good results in recent studies ( go to itunes and search for ucla mindfulness for some introductory guided meditations ) . 
  good toilet paper is magnificent, 
  i disagree that sarcasm is the lowest form of wit . 
  when done right , it 's magnificent . 
  lowest form has to be slapstick . 
  you may be joking but that sort of attitude towards mental health is potentially very harmful . 
  heh heh heh heh dude i 've totally got the munchies right now, 
  you were nervous . 
  do n't think about it too much . 
  if you notice yourself getting worried , just focus on the sensations . 
  pick a specific one and try to totally experience it . 
  this needs context . 
  the 1920s called ... 
  did you view it or did she tell you about it?what does she say about what happened ? 
  did she tell you why she did n't push him away ? 
  why ? 
  she sounds like she might just be very naive . 
  either way , tell her it made you feel really uncomfortable and that you really do n't want it to happen again . 
  i would n't break it off with her completely over this but let her now it 's not okay by you .
