  that being said , if you 're talking about your levels of motivation * dropping * as opposed to wanting more motivation , psychological intervention may be very valuable . 
  if you 're talking about strategies to keep you focussed on your tasks better there are some practical strategies . 
  sleep , exercise and water are all really solid strategies . 
  if there 's a task that you regularly have to do that is very challenging , try this exercise : think about your best quality . 
  now think about a regular challenge that you find difficult or anxiety provoking . 
  what i want you to do , is come up with a strategy that applies your best talent to that task . 
  i know it sounds simple but give it a try . 
  other strategies that have had some good experimental results : have a pot plant on your desk , when you 're stuck on a particular problem change your focus to something cognitively tasking for a few minutes before you go back to your problem . 
  another thing you can do is each night , before bed , write down one thing that you 're proud of yourself for and one thing you did well that day . 
  happy to give you more info on any of these points , just ask questions if you like . 
  i 'll come back and check it later . 
  riddle or a brain teaser works . 
  i think most experiments have been done using the stroop test though . 
  i would think that it does n't really matter what sort of task it is , just as long as it takes your conscious focus . 
  for example , i take breaks by engrossing myself in a computer game and then coming back to my task immediately . 
  wake up sheeple, 
  honestly , i have n't heard of it before . 
  my guess would be that it 's indicative of intense emotion that you do n't have an adequate way of expressing ( not uncommon for people with depression ) . 
  if you 're in therapy i would think it 's a good idea to discuss it with your psychologist because ( s ) he will understand you far better than a stranger on the internet can . 
  sorry that i ca n't be of any real help but if you have any other psych questions feel free to message me or post more on here , i feel bad that i could n't give you an answer . 
  my girlfriend organised my favourite dim sum to be waiting for me when i got home last night , drew me a hot bath and poured a glass of red wine . 
  if that 's not romance , i do n't know what is . 
  it was topical , just not funny . 
  came here to say this . 
  seriously , i doubt she expects you to do some hollywood style ridiculous gesture that would n't work in real life but how hard is it to light some candles and give her a back massage every once in a while . 
  you 'll get laid 9/10 times too . 
  sounds like a great guy ... 
  there is strong debate within the psychological field of personality whether personality does or does n't change throughout the lifespan . 
  some argue that your personality type stays the same but over time the way you act changes as there are several mediating factors between personality and behaviour ( social norms , motivation , perceived behavioural control etc. ) . 
  others argue that personality types can change over time but this is normally an incremental thing . 
  for example , you may become less neurotic through therapy but you 'll always have neurotic tendencies . 
  as for your questions about therapy , it really depends on what you 're looking for . 
  i 'll explain two major approaches to therapy to give an idea of how you would go about this :, 
  psychodynamic - we would talk about * why * you have certain beliefs and whether they are working for you . 
  we would talk about your past and do the typical `` tell me about your mother '' , trying to work out how you got to where you are now . 
  this works well if there is a reason you 're racist ( for example , it 's a way to outwardly express anger and is a result of internal anger ) . 
  cognitive behavioural therapy ( cbt ) - cbt is about reality testing your theories about yourself and the world . 
  let 's say : ` your friend did n't call you when you expected a call ' . 
  we would then look at all the meaning you add to the experience `` they did n't call me because i 'm not a good friend '' and test the reality behind it . 
  you create a practice of testing your thoughts and that can be used to change them over time . 
  the last point i want to make is in response to you saying that therapy is the equivalent of a placebo . 
  while the placebo effect is valuable in therapy , it is important to note that the therapies used by proper clinicians are thoroughly tested and have been shown to work again and again and again . 
  [ in an informercial voice ], 
  are you sick of therapy and self-help books that * just do n't work * . 
  we 'll we have just the thing for you . 
  for only $ 19.95 you can buy this railroad spike . 
  guaranteed personality change in ** just minutes ** . 
  in an experiment that is looking at treatment options most use what we call a double-blind study . 
  in a double blind study the experimental condition or iv ( independent variable ) is normally compared to a control condition ( placebo ) to see which is * more * effective . 
  when a study says that cbt works it actually means that with more than 95 % confidence we can say that in this study the experimental condition out-performed the placebo ( how much it out-performed the placebo is called the effect size but that 's a whole other discussion ) . 
  at my primary school ( in australia ) we had a police officer visit us every week for about 10 weeks . 
  she made it fun and we all learned heaps . 
  the information on how good the prius is for the environment . 
  some claim that the battery is so immense to build ( do n't forget all the energy used mining the minerals and shipping them to japan ) that they are not good for the environment . 
  also , the toyota prius is almost identical to another hybrid ( the name escapes me but freakonomics did a podcast on it ) that costs about $ 4,000 less . 
  lastly , if you really want to help the environment , buy a diesel . 
  which is a valid question , you obviously ca n't run a long-term spanking condition in an experimental design . 
  i think you can say with most parent-based correlational designs there is heavy confounding because parenting is so complex . 
  however , it does fit neatly with almost everything i 've studied in psychology that corporal punishment is bad . 
  behaviourists would say that the punishment is too inconsistent ( from the perspective of a kid who is still learning what gets them in trouble ) and therefore would lead to generalised fear of the parent and eventually learned helplessness . 
  psychoanalysts would say that it damages the safety of the child-parent bond , leading to neuroses . 
  cognitive psychologists would say that spanking leads to the child believing that it 's them that is bad or wrong and not just the act ( you 're supposed to praise and scold acts , not the child . 
  for example , `` you 're doing a beautiful drawing '' is much better than `` you 're good at drawing '' and `` hitting is wrong because it hurts people '' is better than `` you 're naughty , stop hitting '' ), 
  i know that was a big slab of text so reply if you want more info on any of those parts . 
  this is a good answer . 
  also , it 's worth noting that new research has shown that a one or two sessions straight after the event , with no follow-up , actually does significant harm the patient 's chance of avoiding ptsd . 
  if you look up martin seligman , he 's doing some interesting work on ptsd at the moment . 
  he says that dealing with grief occurs on a bell-curve and that many people can actually experience post-traumatic growth ( ie. , what does n't kill you makes you stronger ) . 
  i 'm no help as an interview but if you want to know more about ptsd feel free to ask . 
  as a result of the gfc , australia gave all tax paying citizens $ 950 ( some got a bit extra ) and dealt amazingly well with the gfc ( never technically entered a recession ) . 
  however , australia has a lot of natural resources and that was at least a large part of the reason why it handled the gfc so well . 
  the reason it causes harm is that it causes the person to re-imagine the event . 
  as they 've just experienced it , and it 's traumatic , they 'll naturally over-estimate how bad what happened was . 
  as our memories are very , very fallible , that re-imagining becomes part of the memory of what actually happened . 
  to be clear , i was n't saying that 's why ptsd happens , i was explaining why a couple of sessions straight after the event with no follow-up makes it worse . 
  also , psychologists tend to do more ongoing work with therapy ( the length depends on the patient and the type of therapy ) whereas psychiatrists tend to see their patients less often . 
  some psychiatrists do some therapy but they are n't as well trained in it as psychologists . 
  conversely , psychologists are n't generally as trained in the medical side . 
  well that 's a dick-ish thing to do . 
  their religiosity is n't going to melt like the wicked witch of the west just because there 's some bacon fat in their chicken . 
  ` redditors wife ' , also known as ` that joke from 3 hours ago on the front page ', 
  because otherwise you end up with data mining . 
  i study psychology and if i did a batch of personality tests with an experimental design and just looked for any correlations i could find , i would see some arbitrary and random correlations that are only noise in the data . 
  a hypothesis is ( supposed to ) focus the paper on a single question . 
  sure there are issues involved with that but it 's a necessary evil . 
  no , that would n't work . 
  we have what 's called a ` working memory ' that can hold 7 + / - 2 items in it . 
  our working memory is an essential part of encoding memories into long-term storage . 
  that 's why if i read you a list of 15 items , you 'd remember a couple from the start ( you 'd probably rehearse the first few and start encoding them ) and the last few ( because they 're still in your working memory - these are the primacy and recency effects . 
  to increase the amount of information you encode , you need to make those 7 + / - 2 items contain more information through mnemonic devices . 
  the easiest way to do that is with chunking . 
  long story short , your brain ca n't process that much information that quickly so it would n't go into long-term memory . 
  it 's not quite that simple . 
  there are psychological factors involved . 
  try holding onto something very tightly and see how it moves a little bit . 
  now add a few extra people doing it and it 'll start moving a bit more . 
  no-one consciously decides to move it ( generally ) but our brains are designed to fill in the gaps and you 'd be very surprised at how much we will act unconsciously to negate dissonance . 
  ( psych student here , if someone has more knowledge on the topic feel free to prove me wrong ) . 
  as far as i know there is n't a special name for it . 
  in my opinion , and based only on the information you 've given me , it sounds like you do n't believe yourself to be worthy of the generosity .
