  i want my kid to look like me . 
  that 's fair enough if you want to do that but getting angry at people for not wanting to is a bit out there . 
  sex, 
  my super power would be to un-circlejerk subreddits . 
  first stop , / r/politics . 
  on stage at a music festival i froze up and stopped being able to play drums ( first time in front of a crowd ) . 
  the guitarist turned around and started clicking , i was that out of time . 
  down . 
  you do n't want to stab yourself getting stuff out . 
  also , if there are small compartments , put the similar stuff together , it makes unloading ** so ** much easier . 
  i approve this message - ron paul, 
   why the fuck do we continue to have children ? 
  you sure sound angry, 
  my point was n't that they used no scientific , my point was that the show itself is n't scientific evidence , it 's an important distinction . 
  skyrim , wanted to make sure my computer could run it properly, 
  i need to do about an hour of total work in each 8 hour shift . 
  my management do n't care what i do as long as it is n't illegal and i 'm there if the phone rings . 
  my computer is very fast but has a terrible graphics card . 
  it 's very inconsistent with what it can run in my experience . 
  i do n't really know why you 're being so defensive and assuming so much . 
  as i said , i love the show . 
  in fact , i even agree with them on that specific issue . 
  my point was only that you need to remember that the show is for entertainment purposes and take everything with a grain of salt . 
  i did n't attack the show or any of their evidence , they would heartily agree with that themselves . 
  no problems at all . 
  i 'm probably projecting my disillusionment after watching the obesity episode . 
  i was so upset . 
  it 's basically if you 're quoting someone and they made an error . 
  it 's your way of saying that the error was n't yours . 
  i choo-choo-choose you . 
  seriously though , just do it . 
  i had a dream that you were going to post this . 
  whatever 's popular in 2130, 
  much like the ones with iraq and afghanistan looked . 
  i think copyright violence is wrong , no matter what the violation is . 
  or a master debater, 
  i agree with your point but hate the phrase `` that 's the problem with kids today '' . 
  yeh i get what you 're saying , i just take issue with characterising a generation based on your extremely small sample size . 
  provide better mental health care to people who need it . 
  the number of people out of work who ca n't afford therapy is ridiculous . 
  what sort of answer did you expect ? 
  everyone is different and all relationships go through ebbs and flows of the amount/quality of sex . 
  it 's important but you 're asking an impossibly vague question . 
  my relationship with my mother has n't recovered since our sex life started dwindling . 
  in this thread : people who think linguistics means learning lots of different languages . 
  anyone who thinks saving your first time for the wedding night is special , has a pretty immature understanding of it . 
  sex is an important part of your relationship and an important part of your compatibility . 
  it 's a wonderfully intimate thing to share and you 're severely limiting your relationship if you do n't have it . 
  also , if you 've been in a long-term relationship , you 'll understand that sex changes over time . 
  you gain comfort and closeness and an understanding of each other that is far more `` special '' than denying yourselves the intimacy and closeness you could 've been having . 
   i feel this is highly selfish as she expects to get an orgasm from me while she gives nothing back . 
  change this attitude immediately . 
  sex is n't about who has more orgasms , it 's about sharing intimacy and physical closeness . 
  there could be many reasosn for why she does n't enjoy sex ( some of which you may not find out about for a while ) . 
  she 's not likely to change quickly ( if at all ) so if this is a deal-breaker for you , do it now . 
  there 's no shame in saying sex is important to you . 
  you do n't get karma for self-posts . 
  you good at comeback, 
  bear . 
  i think it 'd be easier to run . 
  the girl in richie rich . 
  do n't worry , i was an appropriately matched age at the time . 
  are you minusing the downvotes ? 
  also , it 's not an exact number , the votes are slightly fudged for reasons that i do n't understand . 
  nice try , guy who 's trying to justify his adultery . 
  well played , creepy stalker, 
  or person with awesome res tags, 
  really dude ? 
  grow up . 
  are you hitting on me ? 
  does that mean i have gay hormones ? 
  the wink was fairly suggestive . 
  while on sleeping pills i told my ex-girlfriend about the time i crapped the bed in my sleep . 
  while i was on sleeping pills , just before i fell asleep , i told my ex-girlfriend about the time ( about 6 months before ) i crapped the bed . 
  what 's the most embarassing thing you 've ever fapped to . 
  i have never seen braveheart or rocky, 
  you accidentally a logic, 
  i would say something to the extent of `` that 's okay , i trust you '' . 
  if they 've been good to you , you get points . 
  if they have n't , super guilt . 
   what is the most anything you 've done as a fan ? 
  ftfy, 
  til that some people still think everyone should like them, 
  no because your girlfriend is n't very attractive . 
  i assume this because you 're a guy with the username `` leonardodlcaprio '', 
  that being in control of your emotions does n't mean not feeling them . 
  realistically , i would probably spend the day an absolute fucking mess trying to deal with what just happened . 
  nothing . 
  it 's incredibly stupid . 
  what about names ? 
  you should expect nothing because it 's pseudoscientific bullshit . 
  because 99.9 % of the people who read your paper are your peers . 
  it does n't really make sense to define every term ( especially given that most journals have word limits for articles ) . 
  you should be open minded , just not so open minded your brains fall out . 
  that sounds incredibly uncomfortable, 
  typing an answer to a stupid question on / r/askreddit . 
  it ' how i knew i would probably go . 
  i used to have sex , then i took an std to the balls, 
  taste ? 
  touch ?
