  as for love , i 'm a huge fan of it , in fact i 'm in it myself and highly recommend it . 
  the latter is more optional . 
  i would highly recommend against taking it . 
  1 ) we have many dreams a night even though you only remember one or two ( if any ), 
  2 ) we 're bad at knowing the difference between dreams and real memories at times and this would make it worse, 
  3 ) dreams are nonsensical and people ( already ) read too much into them, 
  even an estimate is ludicrous though, 
  that seems like a bad thing, 
   surprise sex, 
  ftfy, 
  stop it . 
  we do n't need more novelty accounts that simply do what it says in their username . 
  stop . 
  you replay the same thing to every post . 
  go away . 
  some movie i rented where the first scene had girls in the shower . 
  i did n't really know what i was doing . 
  mum , you 're drunk . 
  those ears . 
  well there were n't as many midgets back then . 
  hanson - mmm bop, 
  go get the book 59 seconds . 
  it 's by a psychologist named richard wiseman and ( among many other fascinating topics ) he talks about this in length . 
  a couple off the top of my head : mirroring ( do n't be creepy about it ) and when making a request lightly touch them on the arm ( do n't be creepy about it ) . 
  that there 's a dude that created the universe who is his own son but also his own dad and he really , really cares if you touch yourself . 
  you wo n't go blind . 
  rub away !, 
  til . 
  my so will be so happy !, 
  if she 'll * let * you have sex without a condom , you want to wear a fucking condom . 
  unless you get the shit kicked out of you, 
  i 'm going to allow myself to believe you mean just wearing the helmet around everywhere , not for a specific purpose . 
  that 's not really how adoption works, 
  my best move is called ` getting into the tent ' . 
  basically , i mime opening a zip vertically , and taking a step into where the zip is while hunching down, 
  freud doing coke !, 
  freud doing coke !, 
  freud doing coke !, 
  i 'm sure there 's at least one masochist who enjoys dirty water because it makes them throw up, 
  two men walk into a bar . 
  you 'd think the second would 've ducked . 
  i almost got into a fist fight with my best friend in high school over our modified rules version of scrabble . 
  my mum ended up taking the game away . 
  solved, 
  if it 's not okay please tell her it 's not okay . 
  this is n't a small deal . 
  he has 28 downvotes from me apparently . 
  unless they 're * actually * leaking, 
  ignoring you seems like an adequate solution to * my * current problem, 
  maybe doing the rails of coke off of his mother 's naked body ? 
  alright , i think we 've come to a decision, 
  going to a real doctor and asking instead of random strangers on the internet who have no idea what they 're talking about, 
  tell her it 's making you feel uncomfortable and irrespective of whether she 's cheating or not she should n't be smsing a guy that is so flirty you ca n't see it . 
  there are rumors going around . 
  i do that but it 's for angry birds purposes, 
  go to / iama, 
  this is n't the correct subreddit . 
  this is for questions only and not free marketing, 
  do n't take prescription drugs without consulting a doctor . 
  you have absolutely no idea what you 're doing and could be hurting yourself in ways you do n't realise . 
  seriously , do you think they 're prescription just because doctors do n't want you to be happy ? 
  they 're dangerous and have side effects . 
  do n't be an idiot . 
  a couple of times i 've had no charge left and brought the charger with me to the bathroom, 
  i would take an hour off the end of hancock and change the ending of i am legend to the one from the book . 
  you need to get out of the house, 
  two data points does not a rule make . 
  especially in this case where there are so many confounding variables . 
  fox news . 
  it 's by far the most entertaining . 
  good will humping, 
  april . 
  she was never interested in some turtle-human action . 
  may explain why he 's trying to design a woman, 
  it 's a measuring contest . 
  most are actually capped though these days . 
  ps : you can go 130 on some interstate roads in australia, 
  21 , my main regret was not taking my cousin 's offer sooner, 
   average 4 times a week . 
  flicking the bean ? 
  that depends on how you define success, 
  i used chopped up carrots and celery . 
  fill the void , tasty , no calories . 
  yeh , you ca n't have a fullstop after the one, 
  * googles neologisms *, 
  redditors are like real doctors except that they know far less and will tell you things with confidence despite having no idea . 
  what about the grass stains ? 
  90 % is how erect i am, 
  really ? 
  i was going for creepy, 
  oh like that he had short black hair ? 
  now am i creepy ? 
  no , do your own homework, 
  reddit = read it . 
  as in , i read it . 
  i got it . 
  i was explaining to you that the term reddit refers to reading the article , not commenting on it . 
  if anything , you need a new term for habitual commenters like me . 
  while imagining freud doing coke ? 
  there 's a small plant growing in your dumpling .
