  god i fucking hate oprah . 
  dr. oz and `` dr. '' phil too . 
  fuck them in their pompous , alternative-medicine loving asses . 
  a guy i met playing wow is now one of my best friends . 
  holy shit !, 
  that 's a shocking story . 
  you got ta think sock because footwear would be more important, 
  the wheel is the best thing since sliced bread, 
  i used to have them . 
  kinda miss them, 
  speaking to a professional psychologist will most likely do the trick . 
  if your negative thoughts are that pervasive it could really help . 
  they 're really dangerous and are not proven to work, 
  on some level it 's sad when anyone dies . 
  when i saw amy winehouse had died my first reaction was sadness - someone lost their battle with drugs . 
  you can talk all you like about the fact she did it to herself but there are people in her life that were hurt by what happened and i 'd like to think on some level she wanted to stop . 
  that being said , i certainly have less less empathic emotion for people that die to drug related problems . 
  freedom is n't free, 
  if a circle is jerked in the woods and no-one is around to upvote it , does it still annoy us ? 
  consecutive sentences . 
  he 'll still serve life . 
  you may think that you 're neurotic but you have ** no ** idea what my mind is like . 
  you can get something that plugs into your cigarette lighter that plays it at a frequency and tune in through your radio . 
  it 's what i use and it cost me $ 20, 
  you 'll need some practice and experience to get a better job . 
  may pay off , even though it 's shit now . 
  also , if you 're depressed social links are really important . 
  i have this problem . 
  i `` read '' lots of books every week but never open one . 
  i normally say read to people who do n't know about my audiobook addiction but obviously do n't need to with others . 
  midgets may appear cheaper because you 're only getting half a stripper but they 're actually more expensive, 
  subliminal messages do n't work ( in the sense of flashing things on the screen ) . 
  what you 're interested in is what 's called ` priming ' . 
  that does actually work and there is experimental data behind it . 
  edit : grammar, 
  is there a reference i 'm not getting or is this just a retarded question ? 
  it 's certain, 
  malcolm gladwell [ article ] ( http://www.gladwell.com/2000/2000_05_29_a_interview.html ) on it . 
  are you anxious about something ? 
  the bible, 
  teach him how to private browse and tell him that as long as he 's not looking at anything with animals or illegal it 's fine . 
  let the vet do it ? 
  nothing controversial because it 's not worth losing your job over making a point that would n't even change anything, 
  go to an 8am lecture . 
  god that sucked, 
  you pee outside at work ? 
  wtf ? 
  it annoys you to no end that a guy who contributes content to reddit ( i see you have 1 link karma yourself ) occasionally posts things that you 've already seen despite the fact that enough people have n't seen it that it gets to the front page ? 
  people kept getting me confused, 
  i also started work at 7am on sat/sun/mon, 
  i 'm fucking exhausted, 
  whatever you do , do n't make him pick cotton, 
  definitely not wearing your seatbelt, 
  where do you boycott ? 
  hmm maybe i was too subtle . 
  where do you illegally download your audiobooks ? 
  why would you smile at someone who was n't attractive ? 
  if you like water - maldives or bora bora, 
  long island ice tea, 
  already have the tequila ? 
  this is askreddit , not your r/emofacebookpost, 
  you make me sick, 
  you actually only ` see ' a fraction of what you think you 're seeing . 
  your brain fills in the information to make it cogent . 
  we have all sorts of blindnesses ( cognitive and physical ) that we do n't even realise ( google change blindness ) . 
  think of it this way ; job quickly down your hallway and see how good the picture is . 
  now try it with a video camera . 
  it 's a fuckload worse . 
  that 's because your brain tries really hard to keep every logical . 
  that 's why your hand is blurry . 
  because it takes very little money to afford that download ? 
  internet . 
  for the porn, 
  just thought i 'd jump on the bandwagon, 
  yeh they were big into female masturbation and sexuality during medieval times . 
  we ca n't be certain that we have it right , in the same way we do n't know if other people see blue the same way we do . 
  either way , the important thing is that we know how to represent what we do see , not which is ` correct ' . 
  edit : to be clear i thought op was asking about orientating what we see since that 's a less moronic question . 
  read the edit . 
  i thought it was a question about qualia, 
  put it out of arms reach . 
  you 're probably just turning it off, 
  the risk is ; you might lose them as a friend . 
  work out if they feel the same way and maybe be a bit jokey - see how they react . 
  it will be awkward if you 're wrong , are you sure it 's worth the risk ? 
  go for it if it is but just be sure . 
  does he still have a girlfriend ? 
  do you mind being cheated on ? 
  if he was willing to do it when going out with his girlfriend are you sure he wo n't do it with you ? 
  this is n't quite about the other sex but i thought doggy-style meant anal . 
  derren brown 's autobiography . 
  he spends a while talking about self-help and how to get people to like you . 
  the secret - be kind . 
  fucking mind blowing when you realise that all you need to do is be nice to people and then they want to be around you . 
  nice try , flowers by irene, 
  did you ask which song ? 
  quick . 
  do exactly as i say . 
  get a knife and start chopping . 
  i would want to see if my so did one that impressive .
