  realisation that i was n't jesus, 
  played d&d . 
  it 's actually really good fun if you have a good group that does n't take it too seriously but still is serious enough . 
  motion passed, 
  per hour ? 
  is the right hand holding a cat ? 
  you 're the first to reply that to one of my posts . 
  m ` lady, 
  all the great ones leave their mark, 
  yeh . 
  he 's a kid . 
  kids are stupid . 
  i can still fit my whole body into your mum 's vagina though . 
  very little, 
  girl on my school bus told people that i showed her my penis randomly . 
  a device that keeps pmarie sober, 
  bravo sir . 
  you are an inspiration . 
  something to get this man a god-damn titty bang . 
  i hated her and she was really , really unattractive . 
  let him have time alone ? 
  depends on the context , i do a bit of both . 
  that 's weird , i feel the opposite about myself . 
  i struggle to look at myself in the mirror for more than a few seconds without making a face of some description . 
  this makes haircuts awkward . 
  belief in psychics . 
  not always 100 % accurate but it 's right more often than not . 
  we liked fight club, 
  i never make it to the end, 
  why do you have to * do * anything . 
  he 's not your friend anymore just stop seeing him . 
  about a week in when cuddling on the couch . 
  i had this moment where i felt more loved than i had ever felt and knew that she was the one . 
  false . 
  this is 100 year old psychoanalytic belief and not believed by contemporary psychologists . 
  some believe there is some value to be taken from dream analysis but it is widely accepted that they 're abstract and not true representations . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/search?q=pet+peeve&amp;restrict_sr=on ), 
  buy a decent frying pan , it 's worth it . 
  this . 
  make up big batches of microwavable food too . 
  i make a huge batch of soup every week and it sorts out 7/8 meals . 
  this question . 
  left a tooth i lost in coke . 
  it fucked that tooth up good . 
  glitter . 
  god i need that sequel, 
  the horoscope industry would die instantly . 
  go with your strengths . 
  the moment you lost your front teeth . 
  i 'd forsake my place in history to save them for you . 
  nice try , gm marketing guy . 
  nice try , guy who does n't get jokes . 
  fleshlight, 
  awesome, 
  met my so and my ex online dating . 
  highly recommend it but i think it 's worth using a pay site if you 're serious about it . 
  not unless asked to . 
  if you do , do n't try to be funny , just be nice . 
  this is a pretty common question posed in philosophy . 
  not a criticism . 
  i was hoping it would lead you to do some reading on it . 
  it can be enjoyable once it stretches enough . 
  it 's more difficult for some people than others . 
  it just takes practice . 
  you 'll never be 100 % sure until you try . 
  sorry , but that 's life . 
  all you can do is take the information you have and give it a shot . 
  you 're still young it 's not catastrophic if you change career path . 
  i 'm now studying psychology after doing business ( and knowing it 's what i wanted to do for years ) and it was the best decision i ever made even though i would n't have been ready to study psych when i started uni . 
  point is , you 'll learn by doing and trying . 
  a dream of a dream of a dream of a dream . 
  totally could work . 
  i had a dream about it the other night . 
  a brainz eating monster ? 
  then you need to work out if you 're changing for a reason you 're unaware of or if you 're not changing because of the sunk cost fallacy, 
  because the united nations ** suck ** at doing anything productive . 
  i do n't think there 's anything special about semen that would mean you can have less of it in your stomach than food/water, 
  i think that using it from time to time is pretty innocuous . 
  that being said , as someone who used to smoke a lot of it , every day , i see how easy it is for it to perpetuate and i do think daily use is pretty bad for you . 
  to be clear : this is no way means i think the current system is good , i just do n't think legalisation is the answer either . 
  1 ) avoid situations/people that will pressure you, 
  3 ) ocassional use is fine , do n't use it within a few days of a test . 
  4 ) have to try . 
  fyi size refers to girth not length . 
  7 ) ease into it , do n't tell her on the first date . 
  8 ) just do what you like and enjoy it . 
  if you constantly pull out your guitar at parties people will think you 're a cock . 
  9 ) just be tactful . 
  10 ) some yes , some no . 
  the united states of awesome, 
  when i was younger , single and very lonely , i had a very realistic dream where i met this amazing girl . 
  after spending some time together we finally kissed and i remember this intensely wonderful heat i felt as she kissed me . 
  i know it does n't sound that exciting but i woke up with a huge smile on my face . 
  at a hospital in my city they give kids a toy when they get surgery . 
  i had a couple and the toy they gave me was my favourite . 
  he 's still at my mum 's place somewhere . 
  it kind of looks like a truffle but i 'm guessing he 's not a chef with a lot of money . 
  edit : [ pic ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_kgiqqvyus3i/ta2ktwy5zoi/aaaaaaaayns/zu6tkl-htjc/s1600/blacktruffle.jpg ), 
  you might finally get laid . 
  i have a tiny penis,
