  i was suffering from a really bad depression a few years ago and through therapy came out the other side a much better person . 
  i 'm by far the happiest person i know . 
  stick with the therapy and see a different psychologist if you do n't think that one is right for you ( sometimes it can be hard to find the right fit ), 
  if nothing we do matters then all that matters is what we do, 
  i have n't had cbt myself , mine was a psychodynamic therapy . 
  cbt is really good in some ways and limited in others but it should help curbing those negative thoughts and start to lift your mood . 
  it might work out that cbt will work best to initially stabilise your mood and then a longer form of therapy to get to the deeper causes . 
  i 'm now studying psychology myself because it changed my life so much that i want to give other people the same opportunity to turn their life around . 
  however , it turns out , good luck !, 
  i 'm sure you 'll be fine . 
  feel free to pm me and tell me how you 're going or ask me anything you like , i 'd be more than happy to help if i can . 
  unless you do something because that would really matter . 
  i read that twice , hoping for a spelling or grammar error . 
  i was disappointed . 
  by typing more ? 
  she could do your grandfather . 
  just need some lube and a few blue pills and they 'll be right . 
  how 's her hip ? 
  did you put her back in ? 
  i do n't think the entire criminal database is sitting on an fbi hard drive, 
  a fate worse than death, 
  pfft clearly you do n't know me, 
  done !, 
  sup cody, 
  hey everyone , this guy has an ugly face, 
  hey cody , how 's it going ? 
  you 're thinking of gingers . 
  gingers have no feelings, 
  when life gives you lemons , make lemon parties, 
  check for dead hookers in the basement before you sign the lease . 
  once you sign it , it 's your responsibility to dispose of it . 
  pulse, 
  beat you by 20 seconds, 
  nah , does n't need to be a good pulse . 
  a slow one makes them easier to catch . 
  i can turn water * or * wine into urine, 
  agreed . 
  i 'm lactose intolerant and i fart like no tomorrow after any dairy . 
  i like you foolie, 
  as they say ; boyfriends are n't stop signs , they 're speed humps . 
  clearly just drive over and him problem solved, 
  probably not but free will and the illusion of free will are functionally identical so it does n't matter . 
  hormones in meat really are n't that dangerous and gm food is pretty much going to solve poverty in the third world ( gm rice that has high levels of iron is going to save millions and millions of lives ) . 
  pesticides these days are safe and organic food is generally worse for the environment than non-organic ( because the soil has to be tilled so many more times ) . 
  high fructose corn syrup is bad but do n't worry about the rest of that stuff too much . 
  edit : obesity is up because of the amount of food available that is cheap but has high fat/salt content . 
  cancer rates are up because we 're living longer and cancer is an inevitability . 
  if you have questions about any of those points i can give you some info but just covered with broad strokes . 
  i do n't think they 're going to outlaw books . 
  i was on holiday with a friend of mine and there were a couple of slot machines at the place we were eating dinner . 
  he was a math major at the time and said the only reasonable strategy is to pick an amount of money and as soon as you go over that amount you have to stop straight away . 
  i just decided to put in $ 10 and lost it pretty quickly . 
  he put in $ 10 went down to 9.95 , 9.90 , 9.85 , back to $ 10.05 and immediately cashed in . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.google.com.au/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;ved=0cdaqtwiwaq&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dohg5sjyrha0&amp;ei=eb33tae9f4kkvgoj7twcda&amp;usg=afqjcnecy3x8qxez3zqmxaznmt4yfnijbq ), 
  i 've eaten this week and it was n't vegetarian, 
  if it makes you feel better , this is my week :, 
  monday : exam at 6pm, 
  tuesday : exam at 1:30 pm, 
  wednesday : exam at 9am , exam at 6pm . 
  beethoven . 
  best study music, 
  i tell you . 
  shit did n't think about that, 
  there will be an infinite number more things that do n't happen today than do, 
  are you hitting on me again ? 
  they raise their lightsabers several times a day, 
  how many upvotes do i have from you ? 
  do n't worry , she wo n't be looking at your eyes either, 
  left alone, 
  touch, 
  best basketball player in the world has a high opinion of his basketball skills . 
  after 7 years of playing for a shit club he changed to a team where the 2nd best player in the world was playing , taking less money but did it like a massive douche . 
  they did n't win a championship in their first season together . 
  yes, 
  actually took significantly less money but teamed up with the 2nd best player in the world which some consider a sign of weakness, 
  they went from one of the best in the league ( with him on it ) to having the worst record in the league this year, 
  i 'm from australia but watch/read about it excessively, 
  the acceptance of one 's faith as a valid argument . 
  i have no issue if you have faith in anything but you need more of a reason than it 's in my [ bible , koran etc. ], 
  if you 're arguing that it should affect the law . 
  right now . 
  there are many reasons why it 'd be hard to sleep . 
  could be anxiety as another poster mentioned , could be poor routine , could be simply a matter of losing confidence in your ability to sleep which causes you to be more anxious . 
  have you ever tried meditation ? 
  women do n't poo . 
  fact, 
  tina fey - bossypants, 
  i was skeptical but it was fun, 
  i reported for spam, 
  nice try slickdeals salesman, 
  there 's a small amount of evidence for a historical jesus but there were many people who claimed to be messiahs at the time . 
  however , if there were a historical jesus the stories in the bible about where/when he travelled do n't really synch up with historical accounts . 
  from what i 've seen i 'd lean towards there being a historical jesus but he was one of many at the time . 
  paying off my cc . 
  i feel really stressed whenever i have any debt at all even if it 's a relatively small amount, 
  [ this ] ( http://marc.ucla.edu/body.cfm?id=22&amp;otopid=22 ) link is from ucla 's meditation research department . 
  you do n't need to believe anything spiritual and it has had proven scientific benefit . 
  being a nice person, 
  america is down at the moment, 
  that 's more depressing than a kitten with 1 leg,
