  no you do n't understand , since god is omniscient he already knows you 're going to pray and was always going to change his plans . 
  so it was part of god 's plan all . 
  although , that means if i do n't pray , it was also god 's plan . 
  in fact , if i spend all day snorting coke off hookers it was really his plan for him . 
  nailed it, 
  sometimes jokes just get repeated , do n't be so negative . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzvkosnaovo ), 
  i do n't understand why he 'd want to discharge this thread when clearly , the atmosphere is electric . 
  thanks . 
  personally , i think psychologists are more useful thank psychiatrists because they 're much better trained in talk therapy and it 's more resistant to relapse than other forms of therapy . 
  well done taking ownership of your responsibilities , it 's really tough but you should be very proud of yourself . 
  hey . 
  before i say anything it sounds like your depression is very severe and i know medication sounds pretty horrible it is sometimes necessary . 
  i never thought i would take any myself but taking it for the period of time i did allowed me to stabilise my mood enough to get help and eventually not need it . 
  it sounds like your depression is really impacting on your life and i want to really strongly to give the meds are try . 
  if you hate them you can always stop taking them . 
  as for your questions about me :, 
  most of the time i was thinking about how unfair it was . 
  i felt like i did n't deserve to be so unhappy . 
  i did n't stay in bed much because i needed to be constantly distracted . 
  i 'd generally be playing a computer game , while watching tv , while listening to music . 
  this allowed me to never think about anything real . 
  never in a way where i thought i would go through with it , more in a ` my life is n't worth living ' kind of way . 
  there is n't a pearl of wisdom i can give you that makes it all okay , i wish there was . 
  all i 'm going to tell you is what you 've probably heard before : you 're not alone , many other people have gone through what you 're feeling right now and come out the other side better for it . 
  i know because i did . 
  i used to get so annoyed when people gave me advice because i would think to myself that no-one who knew what it was like to be me would think it was possible . 
  i 'll give you 2 pieces of advice that really helped me :, 
  try to keep moving forward , just little by little try and get your life to a place you 're happier . 
  it wo n't happen in a day but the more you can feel like you 're on your way to something better the easier it will be . 
  celebrate the little victories . 
  those days you ca n't imagine getting out of bed and you manage to do it , be really fucking proud of yourself . 
  i got into this trap of having these small victories and then being annoyed at myself that it was harder than it is for anyone else . 
  fuck that !, 
  celebrate victories that are big to ** you ** . 
  the sooner you start doing that the better you 'll feel . 
  when i read this i assumed jumping off the cliff was an accident . 
  had to read it 3 times :(, 
  yeh , i smoked a huge amount of weed for about a 3/4 month period and it was intermittent before that . 
  in that period i 'd wake up in the morning , go out and buy all my food for the day then smoke all morning . 
  oh wow glad to have you here . 
  i 'd never seen your stuff before but saw a link and i loved it . 
  happy it got you a few sales , you do great stuff . 
  my friend spends all day on reddit trying to appear smart/interesting by linking people stories from reddit . 
  i want him to be reminded of it ... all day . 
  when you meet someone who is n't illogical and emotional in a relationship you let me know . 
  if i 'm trying to say thank you i sometimes realise they ca n't hear me and try to mouth it loudly . 
  so when can i expect my commission cheque ? 
  haha, 
  i get that a lot . 
  on the plus side , since ( s ) he does n't believe in pharmaceutical companies ( s ) he wo n't live very long . 
  if we get lucky , ( s ) he wo n't even reproduce before then . 
  i learnt a trick working in the produce section of a supermarket years ago . 
  seriously this works . 
  hold it in your left hand and a big knife in your right . 
  use the back of the knife ( non-sharp side ) and tap it hard twice , rotate the coconut , tap it hard twice . 
  keep doing this until you get a nice big slit down the middle . 
  i just checked . 
  yes , yes they do . 
  tell us about your struggles, 
  tell me the most awkward story you have, 
  magic, 
  this is bit made me laugh so hard . 
  i read it three times and laughed every time :, 
   `` science explains the unexplainable . 
  but theories are yet to be proven . 
  fact is not fiction and science is proving that everyday . 
  but until science can come up with something better than evolution or explain and prove how we got here from evolution and what we evolved from evolved from evolved from etc. . . 
  faith brother , its all we have . '', 
  from now on , this is what i link to people when they ask me what the harm in religion is . 
  no dude it 's totally deep . 
  science only explains the unexplainable . 
  think about it ... 
  side effects may include misspelling the word consistent . 
  favourited , thank you sir, 
  married ? 
  i know this may seem obvious to us but this is huge news and really adds a lot to the argument . 
  / crossing fingers, 
  sorry for the rant but i feel better now . 
  it worked !, 
  i got spored !, 
  i love [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0 ), 
  but how do i know to believe this ? 
  anthropic subr-ddit principl - ? 
  haha, 
  that 's brilliant , what an awesome guy for writing back like that . 
  i do n't really get people who confuse military personnel with military strategy . 
  do you ever try to funnel the air onto your face from your hand ? 
  just me ? 
  your girlfriend has good taste in websites ... not so much in men, 
  just a friendly joke , said with love, 
  doing exactly this . 
  write to the newspaper as well . 
  if you get enough publicity it will shame them into stopping . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  i 'll save you some time . 
  the bible is proof of god , miracles are proof of the bible , god is proof of miracles , the bible is proof of god , miracles are proof of the bible and god is proof of miracles etc. 
  someone on the internet with insecurities , one sec i 'll call the paper . 
  this but you also have better chances to network at a better school as there are more people there who will be successful in the future . 
  need food,
