  have you seen the penn & teller episode on life coaches ? 
  brilliant . 
  do you have a parent 's workplace you can say you worked at ? 
  that 's what i did and just put a manager as my reference . 
  arnie looks tiny !, 
  i was born 9 months to the day after my dad 's 30th birthday . 
  i felt ill when i worked that out . 
  brain damage, 
  at first i had to look everything up but after doing it for a few weeks you start to get a really good feel for what you can/can ' t eat . 
  the other really important piece of advice that i forgot is that you need to change your perspective of how you see your meals . 
  when i failed at losing weight it was because i felt hard done by every time i did n't allow myself something i wanted . 
  when i was successful i was excited to weigh myself in the morning and each time i ate a healthy meal i was excited because i was one meal closer to my goals . 
  we 're related to all species if you go far enough back . 
  i draw the line at humans . 
  nice try , fbi officer . 
  inception happens . 
  that 's not fair at all since conventional medicine * has * actually helped people . 
  alternative medicine does n't do anything besides delaying the use of real medicine . 
  do you know what they call alternative medicine that 's been proven to work ? 
  ** medicine **, 
  we could have a draft !, 
  with the first pick , in the 2012 draft , the imnotjesus academy select ... stephen hawking . 
  you 've got a degree in baloney, 
  also , it 's been done . 
  to go through 8 years of university . 
  it 's still going . 
  i just want you to reflect on the fact that you spent time filming a guy in your dorm 's cock and now watch it over and over . 
  you 're an idiot , not just using a program like that you do n't know but also not trusting your daughter . 
  this one time , 15 years ago , i played truth or dare . 
  because i would teach her how to be safe instead of violating her privacy ? 
  shame on me . 
  how horrible !, 
  i do n't but that 's mainly because i 'm sane . 
  make sure to do regular hymen checks too . 
  ca n't be too careful !, 
  and that 's understandable but you do n't need a fully developed prefrontal cortex if you have parents that talk to you and explain what to be scared of and why to avoid certain situations . 
  i 'm not saying she 'll never make mistakes but it 's far better to teach her how to avoid bad situations than it is to freak out and try to watch her all the time . 
  it 's called ` intrusive thoughts ' and is n't necessarily a disorder in itself but can be a sign of overall anxiety or a disorder . 
  if they 're maladaptive or you 've got other symptoms i 'd recommend talking to a professional about it , just to be sure . 
  according to jewish law , ejaculating without intending to procreate is n't allowed so it 's kind of irrelevant if it 's kosher . 
  here you go , they 're called [ feral children ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feral_child ), 
  those few experience of x group does n't make that entire group homogenous . 
  those holes look oddly like cat claw marks, 
  if you are what you eat i want to be you by the morning . 
  it 's called [ synesthesia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/synesthesia ) and it comes in many forms . 
  in fact , some people do n't even know that have a form of it because they do n't realise people are different . 
  identical twins are * exactly * the same . 
  i had a pair on my school bus and after a week you could easily tell which was which . 
  are you sure ? 
  it sounds like you 're doubting your religious beliefs . 
  not necessarily a bad thing . 
  yes . 
  that more tequila and less pants is always better . 
  the longer people 's brains work well the more valuable their total life is to society ( consider how much more cost to benefit people are until the age of 21 ) . 
  sometimes i think i 'm just too awesome . 
  also , i could do with some more modesty . 
  salty taste in your mouth ? 
  yeh , that 's what you need , to get drunk * more * often . 
  gas station, 
  sounds like a good plan, 
  that 's what i meant !, 
  i thought i did , when i was 7 and lost my dad . 
  i begged god to bring him back . 
  then i grew up and realised that my dad was probably looking for me and him finding me was pretty damn likely . 
  you 're +19 from me, 
  so i win right ? 
  i sometimes win, 
  snap . 
  same as mine, 
  because the vast majority of people never read the comments . 
  i do n't see a question, 
  grieve the relationship . 
  allow it to hurt and slowly it will fade . 
  do n't go out and get laid for the sake of it and do n't drink to get through it . 
  find some friends/family that will take care of you if you need or just spend some time by yourself . 
  it 'll take time . 
  good luck pal, 
  yes . 
  they 're normal people , treat them as such and they will respect you . 
  fawn over them like they 're gods or try to act like you 're amazing and they wo n't . 
  it 's not bad to cash it but you should 've let her know . 
  you ca n't watch material that is rated as restricted for those over the age of 18 . 
  this is n't a stretch but will help loosen it a bit . 
  stand up straight with your hands on your hips and push your pelvis forward and let it arch your back . 
  only do it as far as it is comfortable . 
  backdoor sluts 9 . 
  the sex is fine but the politics is too much for them . 
  yeh i 'm going to show it to them on their 7th and 8th birthdays respectively . 
  i really just want them to grow up with the backdoor sluts franchise, 
  do n't tip your head back . 
  hold your nose closed with some tissues and let it clot . 
  i used to get them all the time . 
  i think it could work but would have to be careful not to infringe on copyright . 
  i 've eaten my mum 's food . 
  does that count ? 
  you never go ass to mouth, 
  hehe i knew it . 
  taylor hanson . 
  so dreamy . 
  kiss her ?
