  [ well played ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqgaguwqf21qiygvb.gif ), 
  mindsight by daniel j siegel . 
  he 's a psychiatrist and researcher at the [ ucla mindfulness centre ] ( http://marc.ucla.edu/ ) . 
  brilliant book that changed my life . 
  i mentioned a mindfulness book too  . 
  i have n't read the miracle of mindfulness , what 's it specifically about ? 
  i want to think that this is a lovely story with a happy ending but why do i think it says more about money talking than it does about the church changing their perspective ? 
  maybe i 'm just cynical . 
  take the fullstop out between your [ ] and your ( ), 
  you absolutely have the right to tell them that you need more help . 
  they may be too busy and broke from your sister . 
  if that happens , i can talk to you about some more options but at this stage , you have no reason to think that they wo n't respond positively . 
  tell them you 're struggling and that you understand times are hard for them , see what they say . 
  they deserve the chance to do the right thing . 
  however , given that you 're 20 , you should consider paying for your own therapy if you 're worried about their financial situation . 
  lots of foreplay , lots of lube , go very slowly when putting it in . 
  i think it will be decriminalised well before it 's legalised . 
  ask them if they could choose to be gay . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  no sir, 
  i could steal a few stapelers probably, 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  when i was sick with a really bad chest infection , my great aunt told me to fix it by smoking a joint . 
  note : she 's in her 80s, 
  maybe try / r/assistance, 
  i only have [ m ] super powers but yes . 
  i can press a button that says `` distinguish '' and it makes my post go green . 
  it 's like the worst hulk power ever . 
  i sleep like a baby . 
  i wake up every few hours demanding boobs and generally having wet myself . 
  because of a small sample size, 
  recovering from a depression . 
  the process of dealing with it allowed me to completely break myself down and reinvent myself as the person i want to be . 
  people almost always repost because they did n't see the original , not because they are maliciously stealing karma . 
  there are millions of users of reddit , not everyone is on there 24/7 . 
  complaining about reposts is just stupid . 
  no because not trailer trash, 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  it 's obviously pretty sad and unenlightened but i think of it the same way as i do about fundies who generally live and let live . 
  if they 're not actively trying to squash other people 's freedoms , it 's their right to be a moron . 
  you 're essentially asking about your legal rights . 
  go talk to a lawyer or the jeweller . 
   in serious need of some medical advice . 
  it was working for about 3 days this week . 
  it was so exciting . 
  it 's still a medical opinion . 
  i 'm sorry but no . 
  i listened to a song called `` ironic '' where nothing listed was actually ironic , creating an ultimate meta-irony . 
  learn to be emotionally vulnerable sometimes . 
  there 's this weird perception that being strong means not showing any emotions when it 's the exact opposite . 
  pretending that you do n't feel anything is easy , learning to be okay with feeling vulnerable is hard . 
  a doctor 's office, 
  i 'm not going to be responsible for you getting terrible medical advice over the internet . 
  i get that you 're scared right now but i 'm doing you a favour here , whether you see it or not . 
  no i would n't . 
  edit : i 'm australian , they 're coins here . 
  tell him you 're not okay with it . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  the [ best ] ( http://www.openculture.com/freeonlinecourses ) place to learn, 
  you 're an idiot . 
  for my most recent birthday , my great aunt gave me a small travel pack of tissues and some very off biscuits . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gay_lisp ), 
  reddit , where making fun of 12 year olds posting on facebook justifies your life . 
  depends on what you 're diagnosed with . 
  medication is normally necessary for schizophrenia but there 's no point assuming it 's that just yet . 
  i 'm not going to guess at that , you need a professional opinion , not mine . 
  westboro baptist church, 
  yes , i 'm well aware of the role of oxytocin in bonding , i do n't understand what that article was supposed to prove though . 
  haha all good pal . 
  i hate basterds who ca n't spell . 
  on the first date :, 
  `` so , what do you think is your biggest weakness ? '', 
  i do n't know that you can call liking intelligence unique . 
  i think you 'd have a hard time convincing someone who studies evolution that intelligence is n't an incredibly sought-after trait, 
  can i add something to this . 
  it 's important to remember that while state-dependent memory does seem to have some empirical truth , it 's important to remember that we 're far worse multi-taskers than we think . 
  the evidence suggests ( at work , ca n't find you any papers but this is fairly well researched ) that when trying to do two things at once , the quality of both suffer . 
  in fact , a recent study suggested that our brains actually switch backwards and forth between the two activities ( as opposed to doing them concurrently ) and we lose attentional resources as a result of the switching . 
  the point is , unless the music is ** very ** much in the background ( i would n't study to music with words personally ) , i think you 're doing harm to your ability to concentrate . 
  what about hitler 's secret alien bunker is n't history ? 
  i met a girl once . 
  it was so exciting . 
  she had boobs and everything . 
  people who constantly complain about how horrible the world is . 
  by all objective measures we live in the best world that has ever existed . 
  not by a small margin either . 
  sure little things can be annoying and i do n't begrudge that but people who constantly find fault in the world just pain me . 
  i 'm australian and i swear a fuckload . 
  i have the exact same situation . 
  i 'm looking for some interesting work and i 'll be volunteering/training as a phone counsellor . 
  also , it 's a good chance to speak to some professors and get involved early . 
  because with millions of users it 's inevitable that some will and you notice them more than the 99.99 % that do n't . 
  sounds like you need to talk about this with a therapist . 
  food . 
  air .
