  most of it 's okay , the only thing that really scares me is the [ drop bears ] ( http://australianmuseum.net.au/drop-bear ) . 
  huh ???? 
  you said it leads to incest and sexual perversion , not beoming sexually active younger . 
  that 's a long fucking bow . 
  by realising that you 're doing way more harm than good . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  i meant someone who knows they are n't but pretend to because they do n't know how to say no . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  i would suggest `` not on the internet '' . 
  go talk to a lawyer . 
  here 's my compassionate answer . 
  if this is really that important to you , go talk to a lawyer . 
  the reason these posts are banned is because good-intentioned people end up with bad information . 
  they seem to make me angry a lot . 
  i have no idea which subreddit would be appropriate . 
  the entire contents of personality and social psychology review feb 2010 , 14 ( 1 ), 
  it 's not worth starting a fight with her over it , just let it go . 
  not life changing but would have made yesterday much more fun . 
  / r/happy and / r/wtf, 
  being abused a lot . 
  you can change the page aesthetics but you do n't need to . 
  sleeping, 
  do n't be a dick . 
  tell tech support so they can fix it . 
  boobs, 
  i think that the guy watching just wants plausible deniability but really wants to watch guys . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  i did n't mean you , i mean the `` straight '' guy watching it . 
  sit on my ass all day . 
  no yes/no answer questions . 
  daes are yes/no answer questions . 
  they do n't belong on askreddit . 
  why do n't you talk to a lawyer instead ? 
  actually , you sleep better after sex because your body releases huge amounts of prolactin when you orgasm ( it 's a tranquiliser ) . 
  that 's why so many guys roll over and fall asleep after sex ( women get some but they receive more oxytocin - the bonding chemical ) . 
  to my knowledge , there are n't any big effects the next day . 
  however , as a general rule , stress relief is good for performance . 
  plus , self-efficacy is an important predictor of performance , so if you 're the kind of guy that gets an ego boost , it 's good . 
  i 'd say it 's good overall . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/atheists.png ), 
  i think / r/politics is the worst . 
  / r/atheism is n't designed to be bipartisan , they clearly all agree on that topic . 
  / r/politics on the other hand ** could ** be a wonderful place for news and intelligent discussion but it 's just not . 
  it 's so dominated by a few opinions and just a massive circlejerk . 
  i 'm a bleeding heart lefty and they make me hate my own kind . 
  nope , just forgot to distinguish the comment . 
  i like that quote, 
  sounds like you should be talking about this with a psychologist . 
  in the short term , learn to meditate . 
  when you start to get mad , excuse yourself from the room and just take some deep , slow breaths . 
  if you want a scientific perspective , read the book mindsight by daniel j siegel ( ucla researcher and psychiatrist ), 
  not sure , probably . 
  5 b.c to 5 a.d. 
  i 'd love to clear up some confusion . 
  why would i bother saying anything to someone i have no interest in talking to ? 
  are you suggesting that i 'd want to yell at them for doing what they do ? 
  why would i care that much ? 
  ~ ~ yes ~ ~, 
  i 've almost got enough for a reddit snowglobe, 
  well , i average just over 10,000 a month so about 1,000 ? 
  just kidding pal , just try to contribute and if you get karma that 's a bonus . 
  do n't sweat it . 
  real confidence = 1 - arrogance, 
  no yes/no answer questions . 
  daes are yes/no answer questions . 
  they do n't belong on askreddit, 
  does anybody else . 
  try / r/doesanybodyelse, 
  i go for a walk . 
  nothing changes my mood better . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  the automatic one upvote you give yourself does n't count . 
  by creating a life worth living . 
  if i only get one life to live , why not making it an awesome one ? 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  federal boob inspector, 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  you respond by not talking to her . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  this is a medical condition and one you should talk to a pscyhologist about . 
  as for short-term solutions , there are a couple of things you can do that have evidence behind them :, 
  1 ) regular exercise, 
  2 ) start meditating ( search for ucla mindfulness on itunes ), 
  3 ) regular sleep/eating habits . 
  regular meditation . 
  it has been shown in study after study to improve physical and mental wellbeing . 
  regular exercise . 
  it has been shown in study after study to improve physical and mental wellbeing . 
  a career that is challenging and rewarding . 
  `` western medicine is arrogant '', 
  that coming from a guy who thinks reading a few internet articles makes him more knowledgeable about medicine than people who spend their whole lives studying it . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help .
