  can you quantify your issue ? 
  dbt is essentially a combo treatment . 
  there are some good books by real psychs out there but there are 10 times as many by people with opinions not based in the science . 
  there are some brilliant books on using certain therapies on yourself . 
  i wrote a fair bit at the end , is there anything in particular you want to know ? 
  brilliant and important for his time . 
  has some fantastic ideas but the `` spirituality '' side of his work really detracts from some of the ideas . 
  agree that aba is brilliant and useful ( i 've actually used it in working with autistic children ) but i felt it was n't that relevant to my post as the vast majority would be seeking therapy for mood/anxiety disorders . 
  i presented scientific research not my opinion . 
  my opinion is as meaningless as his here . 
  i agree that infants need to learn self-soothing . 
  i 've heard of many people doing it with < 1 year olds . 
  i know a little about tension release exercises if you mean ones that are related to meditation . 
  can you give me a link or some specifics ? 
  that 's really cool , thanks for the info . 
  i guess it makes sense , there 's a lot of bi-directionality in personality formation with parents - parent sees child as outgoing , only gives them outgoing activities to do , child becomes more outgoing etc. 
  hmm biased seems to be wrong but focussed is correct uk spelling ( i 'm from australia ) . 
  i 'll cop the biased one . 
  let 's say i grant you that it was different 50 years ago ( i do n't believe it but just for the sake of argument ) , the point of my post was n't to say anyone was bad or wrong for doing something , the point was to say that the current research says that it does n't work . 
  it 's not my job to tell people what to do with their lives , i 'm just providing the information . 
  the idea is that securely attached people learn problem-focused coping styles because they have a history of dealing with distress in the right way . 
  the problem with anxious/avoidant coping is that you do n't learn to deal with underlying issues . 
  conversely , practising with small distresses give the tools to deal with larger ones . 
  spot on . 
  i know there 's a much longer list , i tried to cover a lot of ground and i 'm sorry if you felt snubbed, 
  why does * so much * offence go through turner ? 
  it kills me . 
  he 's a servicable nba player but they 're treating him like he 's the quality of a # 2 pick . 
  he 's not . 
  people tell me i 'm white , and i believe them because i think the ` chronic ' refers to lower back pain . 
  is ... is she dead ? 
  or is she trying to eat her way out ? 
  not for psych . 
  i think there 's one for med but i 'm not sure , sorry . 
  my favourite jokes are the ones where you know the punchline before the set-up . 
  it takes away that pesky surprise element . 
  woah , not sure why that hit such a nerve for you buddy . 
  [ i 'm sure that 's exactly what happened ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-gw-brofxqpw/tht9qsvxtni/aaaaaaaaaj4/oscbbckrxt8/s1600/im_calling_bullshit1.jpg ) . 
  besides the fact that it 's clearly a repost as several people have pointed out , you 've also been posting all morning . 
  1/10 - not very convincing . 
  no good reason , i tried to just cover the most common few but there are obviously dozens of other types/variations . 
  as it is i think my post was a tad long haha, 
  the idea is that securely attached people learn effective coping styles by dealing with manageable amounts of distress . 
  because anxious/avoidant people do n't develop the tools to deal with distress , they * tend * to cope in over-exaggerated ways - deactivating or hyperactivating . 
  you do n't learn coping skills through being slapped by the harsh reality of the world , you learn it by overcoming small obstacles and learning effective coping strategies . 
  are you a [ judge john hodgman ] ( http://www.maximumfun.org/judge-john-hodgman/judge-john-hodgman-episode-32-cow-beef ) fan ? 
  family dinners get awkward sometimes ? 
  ctrl t , r , enter, 
  edit : woah people it 's a joke . 
  i do n't need you to all message me with critiques of the logic . 
  she 's a stand-up comic , chill out . 
  you 're proud that they used a joke seen by millions and millions of people for their marketing ? 
  let 's say that you want to test a new painkiller . 
  you get 100 people who all self-rate their current level of pain . 
  half you give a placebo and the other half you give your new drug . 
  the previous pain average of 7/10 goes down to 5 in the control group and 2 in the intervention group . 
  is it not scientific to say that the painkiller had an effect ? 
  pain is after all only in their minds . 
  how many times have they been hacked ? 
  check mate . 
  also , if not white , make sure to pack some white shoe polish . 
  wait , wait . 
  you had to date someone with a cosmo description to not stick your finger up someone 's ass without warning ? 
  well , it 's the act of a gay pedophile to be precise . 
  he was abusing a boy , not a girl . 
  to be clear though , the reason the anti-gay ties are brought up is n't because it 's about calling him a hypocrite for being gay , it 's about calling him a hypocrite for calling normal human sexuality a perversion when he 's raped a small child . 
  nearly ? 
  i lose my shit every single time . 
  i love that after posting this in / r/politics you post it again in / r/atheism adding only the ( christian `` family values '' ) to your title in the hope it gets traction here too . 
  by being appreciative and respectful . 
  they do n't force me to work there . 
  valuable information . 
  thank you top-comment-bot . 
  [ original paper ] ( http://www.jneurosci.org/content/32/47/16725.abstract ), 
  so , are you suggesting that since you can come up with an absurd safety law all safety laws are thereby absurd ? 
  i do n't mean it in a derogatory sense , it 's just that gender is relevant in this situation given his anti-gay stance . 
  i 'd be more than happy for it to be not sold but that 's probably ambitious on my part . 
  this is better than nothing . 
  while the experiences are certainly interesting , from a scientific perspective it 's really important to remember that it 's a complicated phenomenon . 
  i do n't intend to detract from anyone 's experience but a coma is an extremely large trauma on the brain and all sorts of issues in accuracy of subjective experiences are innate in that . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.samharris.org/blog/item/this-must-be-heaven ) is a post by sam harris ( who 's a neuroscientist ) talking about someone 's experience of coming out of a coma . 
  for those who are unaware , susan boyle 's official twitter tried to get a hashtag going to promote her new album . 
  her marketing people came up with susan album party or #susanalbumparty . 
  it was either some of the best marketing ever or the worst . 
  they ca n't be cured but they sure can be helped . 
  seatbelt laws certainly do a good job . 
  what could be worse than becoming famous for failing ? 
  i feel the same whenever i see a sign for a `` massage therapist '' . 
  it just seems like we should n't be that nice to rapists . 
  he really wants some candy, 
  [ lee mack on sign language ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3e8dwv-d54q ), 
  because as a society we have a duty to take care of other parts of society . 
  do you also believe we should n't have centrelink ? 
  of course but the line always has to be somewhere and it should always be made on a case by case basis . 
  terms like `` nanny state '' do nothing to further the discussion . 
  every night when i touch myself . 
  same thing happened with a picture of my balls . 
  lefty can be so camera shy, 
  when i was a kid ( and a very picky eater ) , i used to use vegemite as a pasta sauce . 
  while we 're at it , can we get rid of the fucking courtside photographers ?
