  if you want to message me any time , i 've gone through extensive therapy and am happy to chat to you about it . 
  during teen years do n't use anything too strong , just find a water based daily face wash . 
  how did you work out that that 's what you liked ? 
  why is that the point ? 
  there 's no consiousness , no sense of pain , no thought , no ability to move . 
  why is that the point it becomes a life ? 
  uhhh they still have much much much much lower crime rates than america . 
  i 'd say it 's working . 
  this outlier changes nothing . 
  side note : you 're a douche . 
  follow-up question : how much cum is in the bag ? 
  like how many doses do you put in before it 's sufficient ? 
  fascinating . 
  anything else you think i would enjoy knowing ? 
  or ... you could just be an adult and tell him that everyone can hear him . 
  he might be mortified and change immediately . 
  when he calls and starts talking you say : `` oh that 's so funny you called i 'm a telemarketer as well . 
  in fact , i 'm selling toasters . 
  let me ask you , what are your toasting requirements ? '', 
  keep it going until they leave . 
  i 've done it a couple of times and it 's insanely satisfying . 
  that 's why life sentences exist ... 
  it 's this song called friday, 
  it 's actually a photo of when he first found out that jenny mccarthy is crazy, 
  i tend to worry that i overuse therefore in assignments . 
  the problem is that the word has lost all meaning because it 's used in so many contexts now . 
  seriously , i was hearing about organic tampons the other day . 
  yeh . 
  it 's definitely us with no sense of humour . 
  pronounced : super silly us, 
  from a seed into a blooming flower . 
  edit : there 's an obvious seed joke there . 
  feel better . 
  which is necessary to some extent . 
  it 's important to have compassion and try to make the world a better place but if we constantly thought about anyone that did n't live as well as we do we would be paralysed . 
  dr. norman doidge - the brain that changes itself, 
  australian . 
  it 's because we speak english , not american . 
  now i 'm jealous that i do n't get to think of a song when i see your name :(, 
  9 is far better . 
  wow . 
  a guy who watches star wars every night has a girlfriend ? 
  guinness * must * be notified . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  my best friend in high school was a buffed up gym junkie who got flown to singapore to represent australia in a computer game tournament . 
  there 's a lil black nerd in * you * sometimes, 
  i spent it playing wow, 
  people kept getting me confused . 
  i think it 's fairly likely a decent chunk of us would be wiped out by now without vaccines stopping the major outbreaks . 
  you go girlfriend, 
  no i think complaining about overpopulation is really , really overblown . 
  think of it this way ; people are basically useless and a net drain on society until ~ 21 . 
  any years they live after that it 's far more likely they 're valuable to society . 
  sickness creates a much bigger net drain , even if you think we 're overusing resources . 
  actually , anti-semitism means being against semites ( a semite is just a person from the middle east ) . 
  it actually has nothing to do with the religion and has just been mis-used for that purpose . 
  in fact , you 're generally far more accurate if you call an islamic person a semite . 
  because no woman in the history of mankind has ever liked every part of her body . 
  reddit automatically downvotes all opinions that are n't mine, 
  as i said , it has now been commonly mis-used for that purpose . 
  however , it 's not what the term originally meant . 
  [ these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semitic#ancient_semitic_peoples ) are semitic people . 
  which is a great point . 
  the reason i said it thought was that the question asked why there is a term for it when there is n't for other religious groups . 
  my point was that there never was a term for anti-jewish , it just became that over time . 
  it 's nothing personal , it 's mainly because the answer is just wrong . 
  she would probably leave you . 
  not because she necessarily likes it more than you but because it would be a fucking horrible thing to do . 
  it will be horribly dated and be unpopular . 
  in europe they 're much cheaper . 
  it depends on your definition of it . 
  i 'm a guy but i think men and women deserve equal rights . 
  it 's really annoying . 
  it 's kind of like how peta are so bat-shit isnane that it makes me want to support animal rights less . 
  i object to their usage of the term human on themselves . 
  this is a good general life rule . 
  have n't started working in the industry just yet but from psychology :, 
  * emotions are good when you come to terms with them . 
  it does n't make you irrational to feel emotion , you 're only irrational if they take you over or if you pretend they do n't affect you . 
  * if you think someone else does n't have problems , you simply do n't know them well enough . 
  * mental health issues are diseases , just like ones you go to the doctor for . 
  you ca n't you choose to not be depressed or obsessive just because you * want * to . 
  * love relationships are hard work . 
  if you find someone that you want to spend your life with it 's amazing but do n't expect conflict to not occur . 
  couples that deal best with conflict are the ones that stay together for a really long time . 
  also , just be kind to people . 
  people like people who are kind , it 's very simple . 
  if people like you they will like your work better and you will be more likely to be promoted . 
  i would let both know . 
  the business probably do n't want them driving in their car anymore for many , many reasons . 
  that cocks are about 9 inches on average . 
  most vegetarians do n't, 
  you ca n't get out of your own house ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  how old are you ? 
  try r/askscience, 
  the best thing you can do is talk about it with a professional psychologist . 
  if you ca n't do that the best thing you can do is try to regulate your breathing and focus on the positives of the experience whenever you feel the anxiety . 
  remember that you 're far more aware of yourself at the party than anyone else is . 
  for the breathing , all you need to do is start breathing slowly , in through your nose , out through your mouth .
