  what secular reasons ? 
  yes/no . 
  no-one is instantly perfect and you also do n't know what you really want until you 've been with a few people . 
  it 's great to have standards but do n't expect to meet someone and think that they 're perfect for you . 
  love is complicated and messy and takes a lot of practice/learning . 
  but you produce vastly more than you could possibly use to impregnate women with and they just die off instead . 
  how is that better ? 
  i get that and you should n't be with someone that you think you have no chance of a future with . 
  all i 'm saying is that you 'll learn a lot from failed relationships and they 'll help you understand what you * do * want . 
  1 ) they 're just going to die inside you ( i believe they last for about 3 months ), 
  2 ) sperm do n't have thoughts/wants/feelings / sensations/ideas, 
  virgin mary : `` i know that there 's a stigma attached but please just admit you had sex . '', 
  you 're entitled to think whatever you want but your guilt is completely irrational and you 're denying yourself a pleasure for no reason . 
  it makes no difference to my life whether you do or not masturbate but it makes me sad to see people 's sexuality squashed by religious teaching . 
  sexuality is a beautiful and complicated thing . 
  enjoy it . 
  because it 's much easier and safer to concentrate in the minutia and day-to-day survival of your existence . 
  exactly and it does n't impact on anyone else when i masturbate in the toilets . 
  the stall door is closed and it does n't impact on my work . 
  care less about how cool you are . 
  also , do n't use the word cool . 
  you 'd be less guilty hiring someone to give you a hj than just doing it yourself ? 
  does n't that make you realise that maybe your compass is a bit skewed on this ? 
  if you 're not doing it for religious reasons ( without knowing your religion ) i can be fairly sure that getting a hj would be just as sinful . 
  seriously though , how could giving yourself a massage be immoral ? 
  what 's innately immoral about sexual pleasure if you 're not hurting/abusing anyone ? 
  sometimes it is but not necessarily, 
  yes , from my experience , having sex in a loving relationship is superior to a one-night stand in lots of ways . 
  it expends * some * energy . 
  it 's very known why it affects people . 
  positives : it releases nice chemicals into your body that make you feel relaxed and calm . 
  negatives : there is a stigma attached because of religion . 
  because we get the same 25 askreddit questions retooled over and over and it 's much more fun to make a joke than give a serious answer . 
  per week ? 
  i see it a few times a day . 
  right because it affects other people . 
  there 's no stigma attached to doing it in private outside of religious circles . 
  i 'm done pal . 
  i just want you to think about why you actually do n't do it because it makes me sad to think you 're unnecessarily denying yourself pleasure . 
  at the end of the day , do what makes you happy though . 
  not the cool ones, 
  become a jockey, 
  bitches, 
  niggard - does n't mean what you think it does, 
  90 % of ones that were out when i was a teenager, 
  no but only because imnotjesus is a terrible name for a girl, 
  there 's a really good article on sleep at the top of r/psychology, 
  [ here 's the link ] ( http://www.spring.org.uk/2011/05/6-easy-steps-to-falling-asleep-fast.php ), 
  i keep telling you that dressing up as a naughty nurse does n't make you one . 
  the fact that i make a groaning sound when i stand up sometimes, 
  firefly, 
  edit : [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=galppkcc9pg ), 
  i do n't think you know what the word agnostic means, 
  when i saw twilight, 
  that 's a stupid question, 
  my all-time low was actually a really big turning point for me . 
  after years of a serious depression i 'd been slowly getting my head around making some positive changes when i went through a stage of smoking huge amounts of weed every day . 
  i was still living at home at the time ( 21 years old ) so i had to wait to smoke till everyone went to bed ( even though they knew ) . 
  at about 11:30 i went and smoked a bunch , came back inside , watched other people play computer games because i was too stoned to actually play for about 30 minutes , passed out on my computer chair and woke up at 4am . 
  that was the last time i smoked after smoking a ~ 4/5g a day for 3 months and had a job about 2 weeks later . 
  i 'm so sorry man, 
  crazy homeless lady on the bus kept trying to get me to touch the scar on her head from when she got brain damage in a motorcycle accident . 
  this was after going on a 10 minute rant about how all asian people are criminals . 
  i was 13 . 
  make a plan . 
  each time you write a few lines read back through the last few lines to keep the continuity . 
  use a bit of shift f7 but do n't use any words you 're not 100 % sure fit properly . 
  get someone else to proof read . 
  did you get therapy ? 
  i had a major depression that centred on an identity crisis and it changed my life . 
  of course . 
  glad to hear that you 're getting through it though . 
  ever heard of a freudian slip ? 
  it 's when you say one thing but mean your mother, 
  if you 're craving poop then your diet is * really * bad, 
  what 's woosh ? 
  that being said , the show did n't really start getting good until the 4th/5th season , like it was n't terrible but that 's when it started hitting its stride . 
  seasons 6/7/8 are the best imo . 
  you mean the way hugh heffner is almost certainly going out ? 
  reddit had n't been going down enough recently so they 've hired extra staff to work on the problem, 
  need me to identify that for you ? 
  no just identify my shit . 
  i do n't like you , i 'm only here because i 'm too cheap to spend the 100 gold . 
  definitely . 
  i love imaginationland and just rewatched pandemic yesterday . 
  `` reddit , have you ever done x obscure thing that i want to tell you about ? '', 
  agreed as long as you 're not submitting it to pics , funny , gif and wtf at the same time, 
   very , very simplified version, 
  sanity optional, 
  ( a ) theism refers to belief = i do/don ' t believe in god, 
  ( a ) gnositicism refers to knowledge = i think knowledge of god is/isn ' t knowable, 
  that 's the original definition and the correct one . 
  it 's misused now to mean someone who is simply skeptical about religion ( it was originally coined by thomas huxley ) . 
  `` agnosticism is the view that certain claims -- especially claims about the existence or non-existence of any deity , but also other religious and metaphysical claims -- are unknown or unknowable . '', 
  i 'm the other type of redditor ; i have an so and try to mention it in as many threads as possible, 
  he 's my best friend from high school 's older brother . 
  became friends because i was at his house a few times a week, 
  best compliment i ever received was sex related so there 's no way to say it without sounding like either a dick or a liar, 
  probably not, 
  not wearing a condom,
