  i 'm such a big fan that it proves that i 'm not a homophobe, 
  haha silly brainwashed people . 
  by the way , did you hear neil degrasse tyson is doing the remake of cosmos ? 
  he 's so dreamy . 
  i 'm a doctor and i think that if you use vaseline you 'll be fine . 
  i am the 1 %, 
  total speculation based on two pieces of knowledge :, 
  generally speaking , things that smells bad to us are things that are harmful to eat ( faeces etc. ) . 
  it 's also true that we habituate to smells/experiences that are common to us ( think about how your hot shower feels cold after a while ) . 
  my guess would be that it 's a combination of these two factors . 
  we 're used to our own smells because we learn to habituate to common experiences . 
  i would say it 's a cyclical thing . 
  some cops are assholes , people see cops as assholes , they do n't co-operate , cops act more asshole-ish etc. 
  why not give both the password ? 
  seems like the obvious and easy solution . 
  this is pretty mild but i felt really bad about it for a while :, 
  in high school , my best friend and i were friends with these 2 girls who were also best friends . 
  when trying to hit on the girl i had a crush on ( do n't ask me why i thought this would help ) i told her that the only reason my friend is so friendly with * her * best friend is that she has awesome boobs and he loves hugging her . 
  needless to say , she told her friend , a massive fight ensued . 
  my mate was pretty pissed at me because i pulled it out of my ass . 
  terrible and inflammatory analogy . 
  he did n't * take * something harmful , he delayed normal treatment . 
  there 's a big , big difference . 
  when he 's never looked at the patient and you use an inflammatory title that gives the wrong impression . 
  from reading the title i thought that he had taken an alternative medicine that * harmed * him . 
  choosing not to act because he was persuaded otherwise is n't what killed him . 
  i 'm really disappointed this got upvoted so many times . 
  you 'll be hard pressed to find anyone in this thread that says delaying treatment did n't harm him . 
  that 's not the point at all . 
  the point is that skepticism is about rational and intelligent inquiry and trying to divorce ourselves from the emotion and biases involved . 
  this is a clearly sensationalist title that has an agenda . 
  it 's circlejerking bullshit . 
  i do n't understand what relevance that would have . 
  are you implying he is biased because he uses a mac ? 
  being seduced by alternative medicine is n't purely a function of intelligence and it 's dangerous and dividing to think in that way . 
  your thesis is that a genius must use flawless logic at all times ? 
  everyone has blind spots . 
  i 'm not saying they should be celebrated but it 's very , very naive to believe that a certain level of intelligence prohibits misunderstanding certain things . 
  so if i could prove to you in consistent trials that you had irrational thought patterns you 'd admit yourself a mroon ? 
  that 's a valid point but i think what he was trying to say is that knowing it was caused by unconscious principles adds nothing to the conversation at this point . 
  i think the emphasis is on the word * how * . 
  came for this . 
  found this . 
  i ca n't believe the guy who just got out of prison after 10 years and beat someone almost to death is going to get longer in prison than the guy who started the fight . 
  i 'm pretty sure i remember the famous case of toddler v toddler where `` he started it '' was the key defence . 
  happy to explain this one but i 'll need you to be a bit more specific about what you want to understand . 
  are you asking the how or why ? 
  the count is the 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 %, 
  so do you think that works for comments too ? 
  the problem is you ca n't just let the prices crash tomorrow or all of a sudden people are much poorer than they were before . 
  prices need to come down slowly over time ( or just match inflation ) . 
  trust me , it 's a really tough market to sell in right now , prices are going to drop . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ouejpzf9tui/twawyqzfsvi/aaaaaaaaal0/3yb5po5kqdo/s400/dead-horse.jpg ) . 
  this has been covered over and over since his death . 
  we get it . 
  you accidentally a 10 years, 
  haha that 's really funny . 
  i get it , it 's because that talented hard working kid who makes music you do n't like almost died . 
  would n't it be * sooooo * funny if he died because he makes music for a different age group and looks slightly effeminate . 
  am i doing it right ? 
  my only hope is that these outliers become so extreme that they completely alienate the moderates . 
  it 's happening . 
  slowly . 
  yeh , have n't seen an ows post on politics that was slightly critical survive the slaughter . 
  oh well , have to try and bring some balance . 
  could 've at least been a spiderman costume, 
  clearly he did all of that work indoors too, 
  are physiotherapists not common in america ? 
  they 're everywhere in australia and i get almost everything i pay back from private health insurance . 
  they go to a ( real ) college for 4 years and actually learn science . 
  good ones will refer you to a doctor/sports physician if it needs further scans and work with them in creating a management plan . 
  hey everyone . 
  this guy has a small penis, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6waylno5gta ) . 
  tl ; dw who cares ? 
  did you feel really awkward wearing that outfit after labor day ? 
  best part by far : `` if he does not go to the store immediately , cry a lot . 
  not a lot . 
  just a little . 
  are n't cops just the worst people in the world, 
  as with most anxiety issues the problem is that they 're heavily reinforced . 
  think of it this way :, 
  scared of heights --  scary situation --  move away from scary situation --  no longer scared --  moving away is negatively reinforced ( negative reinforcement = the behaviour is reinforced by removing a negative stimulus ) . 
  anxiety is functional in the sense that it forces you to get rid of the negative stimulus . 
  a panic attack is when you have so much anxiety that it continues to build and perpetuates itself ( focussing on your breathing was very well handled - what tends to happy is people notice their breathing being irregular and they causes more panic ) . 
  it 's like a comment graveyard in here, 
  ama request : someone who has had richard dawkins , carl sagan , or stephen hawking in their mouth . 
  i figuratively hate it when people do n't understand the difference between literally and figuratively . 
  i hear `` let 's try another tact '' often . 
  although it sounds pretty similar so it 's allowable . 
  saying `` no offence '' does n't make it not offensive, 
  what do you mean by `` can this help contribute to the stimulation of creativity in our brain ? '', 
  are you referring to coming up with creative ideas after reading or getting better at creativity as a result of reading ? 
  shit . 
  i know who it was . 
  it was the murderer . 
  bow bow bow bowwwwwwwww, 
  you 're a failure and your mother does n't love you . 
  how positive are you feeling right now ? 
  please tell me this is a buffy reference .
