  completely agree and this is something we 've been discussing . 
  we 've actually been going through each rule and clarifying these sorts of issues ( hence my edit ) . 
  we 'll be posting an update to the rules shortly . 
  there was a post a few months ago asking for applicants , i applied and was successful . 
  i do n't think we 're adding anyone new at the moment . 
  it was a band 's music video . 
  i 'm assuming that they were promoting it . 
  to the guy who posted a link to the actual video , let 's not reward them by doing that . 
  the damning evidence is that op deleted their account 30 seconds after i asked them to take down the youtube video . 
  if it was a genuine discussion , there would have been no need . 
  not a bad idea , i 'm not sure what it would take to integrate though . 
  suggest it on / r/ideasfortheadmins, 
  it 's a yes/no question and therefore not allowed . 
  as in , you believe that people on welfare should pass regular drug tests to receive welfare ? 
  the general gist is that it 's just very poor at sending messages and violence from a parent has a lot of other negative consequences . 
  it 's certainly not saying that any kid that gets hit will end up mentally ill but the evidence suggests there are much better ways to parent . 
  the other issue was on / r/iama not on here . 
  yes , i 'm sure he saw that 11/7 post from 21 days ago and has just been waiting for his moment to shine . 
  i do n't care how i sound when i order them , appletinis are fucking delicious . 
  it used to happen from time to time during my depression . 
  it was generally pretty short-lived and i was in therapy at the time so as my anxiety lessened , it went away . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  people are welcome to link to them but relationship posts are popular here and there 's no good reason to ban them . 
  if you think there is , feel free to message the mods and we 'll gladly discuss it . 
  we 're not askscience . 
  if someone adds something funny/cool it 's fine . 
  the search is terrible , do n't blame yourself, 
  you can feel free to downvote bad jokes , they add nothing, 
  i get it and it 's a terrible situation . 
  but , i 'm not having people getting bad medical advice on my conscience . 
  good example, 
  of course, 
  if you see anyone ask for medical or legal advice on askreddit , please message the mods immediately . 
  we * are * looking at that rule . 
  if you 're willing to do the research ( i 'm from australia ) and send it to me , i 'll do something with it . 
  / r/self, 
  this morning i passed someone in karma who has only ever used reddit twice . 
  to be fair , it 's neil degrasse tyson . 
  theists - if you genuinely believed that anyone who did n't believe the same as you did would burn in hell forever and that it was a good deed to help them , would n't you do the same ? 
  atheists - if you lived in a society where people 's personal mythology affects your day to day living , would n't you do the same ? 
  the same thing that happens to people . 
  their body decomposes . 
  the self-help book led belief that coddling babies leads to bad outcomes . 
  this could n't be more false based off the last 30 years of psych research into early development and attachment . 
  dinner prepared for me and my partner by a personal chef tailored to our tastes . 
  i like you 10gags, 
  or your correct use of plurals . 
  when i was about 7 i dove into my grandparent 's pool ( still fully clothed ) to save my 3 year old cousin who just fell in . 
  either that or seeing tubgirl . 
  i was making a joke about 9gag not being a plural . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  most things from this [ list ] ( http://www.reddit.com/u/epic_comebacks ), 
  i 'm not sure . 
  maybe try / r/self / r/assistance / r/favors or / r/misc, 
  people kept getting me confused with someone else . 
  i look exactly like my gardener jesus . 
  i do n't know what ... means, 
  no problems , best of luck . 
  so that 's what louis was talking about when he did his bit of a big bag of dicks, 
  it has to be ** grace - jeff buckley **, 
  the crescendo at the end is beyond magnificent . 
  did you spike her afterwards in celebration ? 
  in his honour , i 'll take a watermelon to the face for dinner tonight . 
  go donate blood . 
  you could save 4 lives in an hour of work . 
  i 'd transfer all but about $ 2000 to my partner and then go out for every meal to all the best restaurants in the city . 
  i 'd take different important people in my life to different meals and tell them what they meant to me . 
  yeah , with my big jacket on i can easily get away with rubbing it on the bus but i generally do n't anyway . 
  that 's not a heroic thing to do . 
  that 's a stupid thing to do . 
  you 're friend would 've gotten over it and if he did n't , he 's a shit friend . 
  i went with [ grace ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/unaii/whats_the_most_emotionally_powerful_song_youve/c4wv5br ) but hallelujah is up there . 
  go seek professional mental health care . 
  find a psychologist . 
  this sub reddit is not a replacement for local emergency services , legal consultation , medical consultation , missing persons inquiries , charity drives , or homework help . 
  these types of posts will be removed . 
  if people did n't like them , they would n't upvote them . 
  dragonball z , pokemon and captain planet in that order . 
  at least it was n't a jolly rancher ? 
  i just ca n't believe that i did n't stop after the first sentence . 
  that shit was gripping . 
  that 's an awesome story . 
  by the way , you were having a mild anxiety attack because you were nervous . 
  the common denominator is probably that they were both fairly experienced and you were worried about being compared to other guys . 
  either that or your cock is magical . 
  i like the story but ... 
  your first time together started with doggy ? 
  understandable . 
  you 're now tagged as magic cock . 
  debating over which jeff buckley song is the most emotional is like trying to work out what the best blowjob you 've ever had is . 
  there might be on that sticks out but there 's no wrong answer . 
  i 'm a jew and i eat christian babies, 
  she 's not denying it . 
  i went to a all-jewish school growing up and most of my friends * were * incredibly tight with money . 
  what is a white man ? 
  i 'll take racial stereotypes for 400, 
  how do you find bikini pics of girls you went to high school with now ? 
  any time i ball up a piece of paper and throw it , landing in the bin , i get very excited .
