  it 's not homework . 
  i 'm a psych student and it was discussed in the lecture i just did . 
  i do n't have a philosophy background and therefore did n't understand it properly and wanted to get someone 's help . 
  also , many men show a significant decrease in testosterone after the birth of the child . 
  one documentary i watched on this suggested that it was a way of increasing the likelihood that the father would be an attentive caregiver . 
  deal drugs, 
  a proper study is what 's called a double blind placebo trial . 
  what that means is that half of the participants are put into the experimental condition ( given whatever they 're testing ) and half are put into a control condition ( given something similar that makes you think you 're getting the drug ) . 
  it 's not enough to say that x has y effect . 
  you need to be able to say that x has significantly * more * effect than the placebo group . 
  tomorrow 's lottery numbers, 
  i 'll start . 
  so brave, 
  i do n't have a question i just wanted you to know how brave i think you are for doing this ama . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  you 're just a smalltown girl , living in a lonely world . 
  you should consider taking a midnight train , going anywhere . 
  never gon na rub you down ... 
  never gon na make you cry ... 
  it 's not that she * ca n't * breathe , it 's that our breathing tends to become irregular when we 're in pain ( often holding our breath ) . 
  this actually makes pain worse as it causes your body to become more excited ( your brain does n't like it when you do n't breathe ) . 
  it 's very important to try and maintain normal breathing when in pain , anxious , exercising etc. 
  for that reason . 
  think of it this way ; your brain uses cues from your body to understand what 's going on . 
  your breathing becoming irregular is a sign to your brain that you 're in trouble and it should start reacting to that danger . 
  so brave , risking the downvotes to get the message out . 
  there are a few reasons :, 
  1 ) from an evolutionary perspective , there is a far greater risk in a false positive than a false negative . 
  think of the case of hearing a rustle in the bushes . 
  you have to choose quickly whether it 's a predator or not . 
  if you think predator and you 're wrong , you may feel foolish or waste some energy but you 're alive . 
  if you think * not * predator , you 're lunch and do n't pass on your genes . 
  2 ) some theories posit that it 's an over-generalisation of a biological urge to trust authority . 
  you 've probably heard of the milgram experiments ( authority figure instructed participants to give incredibly painful electric shocks to a 3rd party ) which showed how willing we are to act out of character if told to do so by an authority . 
  most superstitions are also presented by authority figures ( religion generally runs in families , people who proport to be more educated present ` facts ' about alternative medicine etc. ), 
  3 ) we are poor estimators of causality . 
  you 've probably heard the phrase that correlation does n't equal causation . 
  this is of fundamental importance to understanding the world objectively but consider how recent the scientific method is . 
  humans have to make rules about the universe and correlation is often a good short-hand rule . 
  4 ) humans are poor at changing their opinion or beliefs . 
  two concepts are important here ; cognitive dissonance and confirmation bias . 
  cognitive dissonance is a psychological discomfort with conflicting answers . 
  we 're programmed to try and eliminate this dissonance because we want the world to be explicable . 
  the way we do this is primarily by confirmation bias . 
  confirmation bias is a bias wherein we over-estimate the importance and truth of information that supports our current belief and derogates the importance and truth of dissonant information . 
  there have been some amazing studies on this - most notably , a seminal study that showed participants who were given * less * money to participate in an incredibly boring task actually enjoyed it more as they had no way to rationalise their involvement . 
  5 ) mortality salience and terror management theory - this is somewhat more controversial but i think there 's some merit in the data coming out . 
  terror management theory is the idea that our awareness of our own mortality ( mortality salience ) provides psychological discomfort . 
  to combat this , we try to act in ways that give us life after our death , such as having a family , creating a legacy , giving charity , believing in life after death or being a part of something bigger than us ( such as science or a shared belief ) . 
  it 's important to note that all of these factors affect skeptics , atheists and scientists alike . 
  there are methods of inquiry that limit our propensity for error but do n't make the mistake of thinking that you 're not as likely to make fundamentally flawed attributions and conclusions . 
  ** i 'll add to this list later but i 'm at work at the moment and it 's the best i can come up with off the top of my head . 
  my apologies , was writing it quickly while at work . 
  thanks , really appreciate that . 
  do n't know of any specific psychological terms but if it 's something persistent it 's worth talking to a therapist about . 
  psychotherapy is n't only for sick people and can be invaluable in helping you understand deeper parts of yourself . 
  it sounds like you 're longing for something , i hope you find it . 
  to my knowledge , there is n't really a good psychological understanding of sexual fetishism so might not get a very satisfactory answer ( i hope i 'm proven wrong ) . 
  behaviorists and psychoanalysts both have theories but they 're very steeped in their own beliefs about how the mind works and quite flawed . 
  vs ramachandran ( a neuroscientist ) argues that it 's neuronal cross-wiring ( says this is why the feet are the most common fetish as the area they correspond to on the somatosensory cortex is next to the genitals ) . 
  this is an interesting explanation but i do n't think any one explanation really explains the phenomenon very well . 
  most psychologists consider it to just be a natural variation in sexual preference . 
  it 's generally not treated unless it 's harmful or prohibitive ( like paraphilia ) . 
  there 's not a term for that specifically , as far as i know . 
  most likely pathology is antisocial personality disorder but impossible to know without knowing more about him . 
  personally , i would n't be spending any time without unless you 're very invested in the relationship . 
  it could be sociopathy or psychopathy but that implies an inability to understand the social norms as opposed to deliberate disobeying of them . 
  it 's generally unwise to try and diagnose off a third person description but this is more to point you towards some reading since you seem interested . 
  #### is it too late to get flair ? 
  like africans have the internet, 
  top post that proves the r/politics post wrong, 
  #### we need a whitehouse petition to get me flair . 
  upvote this to the frontpage so we can finally get the social change we demand, 
  sorry , to be clear , are you not understanding the term itself or are you looking for interesting research on it ? 
  if anyone says anything besides a hoverboard they 're an asshole, 
  from a psychological perspective , grief is the loss of something one is bonded to . 
  a psychologist would tell you that you do n't only grieve the death of people but of ideas of connections ( eg. , grieving the end of the relationship is important ) . 
  also , consider that grief is most strongly felt for loved ones that are important for genetic survival ( parents , partners , children ) and felt progressively less strongly as the grief relates to a less important facet of your life . 
  given that , i would suggest that the evolutionary benefit is n't in the grief itself , it 's in the not wanting the loss - similar to how physical pain is important as it stops you from doing things that damager your body . 
  your post is generally correct . 
  however ,, 
   one kind of memory is for remembering things that happened a long time ago . 
  another kind of memory is for remembering things that happened yesterday . 
  is incorrect . 
  both are long-term memory . 
  the only other type of explicit memory is working memory but you can only hold 7 + / - 2 pieces of information and it 's only very short-term . 
  i 'm not trying to be a pedant but given that this subreddit is about teaching i thought it was best to make sure it was accurate . 
  sorry but again this is slightly wrong . 
  anterograde amnesia is when you ca n't form * new * memories . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdndrdjy-vo ) a video example . 
  from your own link :, 
   anterograde amnesia , on the other hand , means you ca n't make new memories . 
  as mentioned above , the hippocampus plays a big role here : if the hippocampi are badly damaged , such as by a stroke , the person can not transfer their experiences into long-term memory . 
  a person with anterograde amnesia remembers their past , but will lose his or her experience of all new events in a matter of minutes . 
  if you introduce yourself and have a nice conversation with such a person , then leave and come back ten minutes later , they will act as if they had never met you . 
  in their minds , they never have !, 
  anterograde amnesia is not being able to encode short-term memory into long-term . 
  if i had more time i 'd type out my textbook for you . 
  i 'm not being pedantic for the sake of it , your description gives the wrong impression .
