  i certainly would n't shed a tear but i would be sad that whole situation was so fucked up that someone would do that . 
  that questions this open are pointless, 
  relevant username ? 
  i 'm currently in the process of buying an engagement ring for my girlfriend . 
  we both completely understand how big a waste of money they are but i do n't care . 
  i also waste money buying decent wine but that does n't mean that i do n't enjoy the experience of having nice wine enough that it 's okay . 
  i know it 's a bullshit tradition but that does n't mean that her enjoyment of it is any less real and i think that enjoyment is worth the money to me . 
  it 's relevant to their policies . 
  when you elect someone you 're not just electing them based on what they say now but also what you think they 'll do/think once in office . 
  given his history and recent statements , romney 's wealth is relevant . 
  when i noticed that i often make a noise when i stand up, 
  you have a new job . 
  it 's called finding a job . 
  start work at 9 and do n't finish till 5 . 
  in that time , your job is to do everything you can to find something new . 
  there 's a website for older guys called lemonparty.org . 
  might want to try it out, 
  because no idea or concept is perfect . 
  you can always poke holes in part of it, 
  there was an issue for a while with several aboriginal communities in australia , that are allowed to ( somewhat ) govern their own communities , having ceremonies/punishments that involved a tribal elder have sex with young girls . 
  the government stopped it because while their rights are important , it 's still more important to set minimum standards for all within a country . 
  i 'll allow two 10 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch break but no / r/gonewild . 
  it 's inappropriate at work . 
  i do n't believe in universal morality personally , but your argument does n't necessarily flow from his . 
  morality as a concept would be meaningless if there was no evil . 
  to explain my reasoning a little further : i study psychology and can give you a bunch of different examples of studies that showed how terrible consumers are at discerning true value or discriminating between different products . 
  professional wine tasters will use words commonly used to describe red wine if they 're given white wine with red food dye in it . 
  that taste is still real . 
  i do n't think you should live your life ignoring the reality of the world but when i buy a $ 40 bottle of wine for myself as a treat , i 'm perfectly aware that it 's not objectively better than a $ 15 bottle but that does n't mean i 'll enjoy it any less . 
  this is the ( hopefully ) only time i 'll buy an engagement ring and it 's one of the most exciting and important moments in my life . 
  i know i could probably get something similar and cheaper and she 'd never know , but i would . 
  to me , the reason to be rational/logical/skeptical is so you can make an informed decision . 
  in this situation my informed decision is that the joy of buying a diamond itself , is worth the wasted money . 
  you 're defining a universal morality as people always acting morally . 
  that 's not morality , that 's an absense of free will . 
  well , i like to post on the internet under the name `` curbstompsluts '' . . 
  well , you see , when you 're an adult you talk to your roommate and clear things up instead of asking random people on the internet . 
  their differences are n't necessarily because he 's chinese and i think you 'd be hard pressed to say that all chinese people are the same . 
  it 's a stupid question and it deserved a stupid answer . 
  you probably have narcolepsy . 
  has it been diagnosed ? 
  your answer is funnier than mine but i 've got more upvotes because no-one reads anything that long on reddit . 
  that obviously depends on my quality of life . 
  if i spend 80 of those needing someone to change my adult diapers , i think i can do without it . 
  that 's fair enough , i really ca n't blame anyone for that . 
  i 'm funny because i 'm really tight with money but i like spending money on luxury for the sake of luxury from time to time ( like going to really nice restaurants or buying a nice bottle of wine ) . 
  put my penis in her mouth, 
  totally fair enough . 
  hate is an important evolved function . 
  do n't you hate it when they refuse to make eye contact ? 
  basic science knowledge . 
  the funny thing is i study a science now but because i went to a religious school , my knowledge of a lot of the physics/chem basics is really , really spotty ( despite recent efforts to rectify it ), 
  no we ca n't . 
  i 'm a rational adult . 
  he 's promised almost all of his fortune to charity, 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warren_buffett#philanthropy ), 
  a quick google search would 've found it and it 's pretty well known . 
  because right now his fortune is creating more fortune to give to charity . 
  he also donates a huge chunk while alive . 
   i think being a guy you have to touch your junk regardless . 
  false, 
  cheap prostitutes obviously, 
  because they enjoy using it and/or think that using it should n't be a criminal charge, 
  it 's possible you 're suffering from a depression and if that 's the case you should speak to a psychologist and seek treatment . 
  short-term things you can do are ; exercise , better sleep routine , meditation and behaviours that make you feel positive ( charity , working towards a goal etc. ), 
  jealousy has never stopped a partner from cheating , it has caused it a fair bit though . 
  depression is n't something that can be fixed by changing 1 aspect of your life , it 's a medical condition and needs to be treated like one . 
  go speak to a psychologist and work through it . 
  i know it 's a daunting prospect but a girl/achievement/grade is n't going to make you feel better . 
  there are lots of resources available for those struggling with depression . 
  if you still are yourself i 'd be happy to help you find some . 
  do your parents have the means to send you to a psychologist ? 
  they 're better at treating depression than a counsellor anyway . 
  there are a few things you can do that have been shown to work in experiments . 
  1 ) learn a relaxation technique . 
  i highly recommend meditation since you can use it for 20 seconds and calm yourself quite quickly once you 've had some practice . 
  ucla have some guided meditations available on itunes to teach you how . 
  2 ) spend time imagining what it will feel like to be in the exam room . 
  just spend a few minutes , keeping yourself nice and calm . 
  it will make a difference . 
  3 ) spend some time before the exam ( maybe 30 minutes before ) just writing about something , anything that comes out on to the page , whether it 's about your anxiety or not . 
  4 ) try to remind yourself that anxiety is actually good , just not too much of it . 
  you want a medium level of anxiety to perform at your best . 
  do n't be afraid of the anxiety , it 's there to help you , you just want to be in control of it . 
  do you have any sleep disturbance or have your sleep patterns changed ? 
  are you eating significantly more or less than you were before ? 
  do you feel fatigued ? 
  has your self-esteem become lower ? 
  do you feel generally hopeless ? 
  are you having troubles concentrating ? 
  if you have more than a couple of those you probably have dysthymia ( a longer but less severe form of depression ) . 
  why do you think you 're not depressed ? 
  what have you done/tried ? 
  do you have the means to see a psychologist ? 
  it 's understandable that would be distressing and hard to talk about but i do recommend trying if you can with your parents . 
  otherwise , try another counsellor and see how you go . 
  if it 's not helping , send me a message and i 'll help you out . 
  okay , well i do n't know about availability of cheap/free mental health help ( i live in australia ) but there are some very good books that teach you how to use cbt ( cognitive behavioural therapy ) on yourself . 
  cbt is considered by most to be the best treatment for depression and some of the books are quite good . 
  if you want some smaller stuff , have you tried meditating ?
