  if it 's not please pretend i said nothing . 
  ahh the slow torturous death of being a reporter that get 's the 4:30 am jobs at a small news station . 
  poor guy . 
  i did an exam on this 4 days ago so hopefully i can clear up some of the confusion here . 
  empathy * does * literally mean feeling some level of emotion as a response to the other person 's experience . 
  empathy = having emotional or physiological arousal as a result of someone else 's emotional experience . 
  you will * not * feel the emotion to the extent that they do and it will vary based on the nature of the relationship ( in relationship psychology it 's called a communal relationship when you have an implicit agreement that you care for the other 's emotions ) and your own personal orientation ( different personality characteristics affect empathy ) . 
  sympathy = being able to understand and give moral or emotional support to someone who is being emotional . 
  it does n't sound like you have autism ( based on what you 're saying ) but that 's obviously impossible to know without meeting you . 
  it sounds like you have some level of emotional intelligence and you do n't sound pathologically detached . 
  if you 're worried at all , you can always go see a psychologist as a once off . 
  it 's a valuable experience that more people should do . 
  i hope i 've covered your question , if you want to know anything else about this ( or psychology in general ) feel free to ask . 
  first guy to die . . loses, 
  til that the occasional til post is actually something that most people do n't already know !, 
  today is a good day . 
  you poor thing . 
  have an upvote, 
  on top of the information unidan gave , dopamine and shared experience plays a key role in couple bonding ( norman doidge talks about it in the brain that changes itself - a must read ) . 
  the idea is that early in the relationship you share positive and exploratory experiences with the partner ( same can be said for most relationships ) which leads to large amounts of dopamine ( you 'll know this if you 've ever been able to stay up all night talking to a partner and not feel tired ) . 
  what happens is that all of these positive connections start to occur between your partner and positive experiences through associated networks . 
  my knowledge of the neuro side of it is a bit limited but if you want to know more about relationship psychology i can probably be much more useful . 
  conjecture because this ca n't really be studied but i would think that we would adapt and sleep longer hours . 
  the rationale for this is that people can adapt to basically nocturnal sleeping habits ( interestingly , i 've heard that changing your sleep cycle for night work so that you 're sleeping during the day is n't actually that harmful . 
  the * worst * thing you can do is actually changing back and forth from nocturnal to normal sleeping habits - source : an askscience type show popular in australia ) . 
  the other part of my rationale is that sleep is governed by hormones that are largely affected by sun and light . 
  as has been pointed out in my different discussions on here , natural light ( or fake light from your laptop ) affects cortisol levels and makes it harder for your brain to know when to sleep . 
  shortly before he tweeted [ this ] ( http://twitter.com/#!/alecbaldwin/status/126485797816909824 ), 
  i love the ` please do n't ask me , please do n't ask me ' look on mitt romney 's face . 
  [ here ] ( http://longho.files.wordpress.com/2010/03/thk-001002.jpg ), 
  some bible doctor * you * are, 
  i 'm not the messiah , i 'm just a very naughty boy, 
  paul bloom wrote a terrific book that had a large chunk devoted to this topic : [ link ] ( http://www.amazon.com/how-pleasure-works-science-like/dp/0393340007/ref=ntt_at_ep_dpt_1 ) . 
  [ thank you ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thank_you ), 
  you 're confusing the meaning of skepticism . 
  skepticism does n't mean assuming that everything is false unless there is overwhelming evidence . 
  in this situation there is a likely alternative ( this was a conspiracy concocted by international terrorists ) and an unlikely alternative ( inside job ) . 
  there is * more * scientific evidence to suggest that it was terrorists than an inside job . 
  we may never know with absolute certainty but that 's a ridiculous criteria . 
  we do know that the story coheres with scientific evidence and it would take several large leaps of faith to assume any other cause . 
  extraordinary claims ( it was an inside job ) require extraordinary evidence . 
  provide me with some proof that it was an inside job . 
  which part of the official story ? 
  i kept reading until a few brown people, 
  not only that but he was a terrible , terrible loser ( even when it came to billiards ) . 
  tuuurrrible, 
  i 'm fairly sure he was asking if ther are practical benefits to a mission to mars as opposed to just doing it for achievement 's sake . 
  i 'm not on the front page right now . 
  i am the 99 %, 
  but australia did the exact opposite . 
  we stimulated the economy by giving lower and middle class spenders the resources to start buying again . 
  i get the protests in america , i do n't get them in melbourne . 
  if anything , what 's going on in the states should be a reminder of how good we have it . 
  about what ? 
  12 hours ealier and no-one asnwered . 
  i now have an answer . 
  the 90s, 
  i guess the first point i 'd want to make is that physical and cultural evolution is bi-directional . 
  you ca n't talk about evolution in modern times unlses you talk about culture . 
  at the same time , culture does n't make sense without the context of our genetic inheritance . 
  our culture pushes the idea of larger busts as desirable because we have an inclination to want that . 
  we also want bustier mates because our culture pushes the idea . 
  the fact that we have n't perfectly adapted to change our preferences to what is more practically useful in modern times is understandable . 
  our genes have n't had a chance to catch up and culture wo n't necessarily make that change without the conscious efforts of many people . 
  your point about smoking is really central to the whole culture-genes question . 
  there are several unconscious factors involved in whether or not that person will smoke and they may never be aware of them ( poor risk forecasting , need for socialisation , cultural stigma - good or bad , dopamine release , cognitive bias toward short-term outcomes etc. ), 
  and this is n't exclusively true for smoking . 
  for example , one study showed that men rated pictures of women signficantly more attractive if their pupils were dilated because it 's an unconscious signal of a fertile time in the woman 's cycle . 
  in a world where we have birth control pills why would it matter ? 
  the point is that it does n't but we ca n't turn off most of those unconscious biases just because we have conscious awareness of their short comings . 
  the best we can do is try to consciously adjust our interpretations . 
  ** tl ; dr ** you ca n't split culture and genes, 
   except that over million people are aborted in the us each year, 
  false . 
  over one million sets of cells that could potentially become a person are aborted in the us each year . 
  what makes those cells more special than the ones you kill when you scratch your nose ? 
  you 're killing far more of them . 
  it ca n't be the complexity of what 's being aborted because a basic scientific knowledge says that that 's an absurd argument . 
  unless you think that a potential life has some special soul that makes it different ( in which case you 're a naive moron ) you 're simply wrong . 
  if you have a problem with it , quit your fucking job . 
  why are you going on some rant because you do n't want to do something you 're choosing to do ? 
  to be honest , you 're a great case for abortion . 
  oh the horror of you having to skip by one picture on a website full of them , with content updated constantly . 
  you know , it took far more effort to post that then just go past it . 
  i did n't say it was the same . 
  however , saying that calling a cluster of cells , just because they have the potential to be a life , are people , is absurd and inflammatory . 
  i was simply trying to give some context for how un-human a foetus actually is . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , does the guy who is teaching you shit for free have an annoying voice ? 
  feel free to not watch the video . 
  i think we know where she lands on the [ scale ] ( http://www.codinghorror.com/.a/6a0120a85dcdae970b01538e3ee72e970b-800wi ) . 
  as someone who suffered from mdd and is now almost finished studying psychology , i can definitely put one anecdotal tick next to that box . 
  that being said , it 's probably worth noting that one of the traits most responsible for my mdd ( neuroticism ) is also something that has always caused me to be fascinated with the human mind . 
  how i wish that were true . 
  psychics gets business . 
  you do n't have to be good , you just have to present what you do in a way that your client does n't know that you 're bad . 
  ( do n't have time to find you citations , talking from personal knowledge ), 
  the answer to this question somewhat depends on whether you 're asking from the perspective of wanting more motivational energy than your baseline or it 's coming from a place of concern that it has dropped and you want to raise it again . 
  motivation , from a psychological perspective , is very complicated . 
  when faced with underlying emotional issues , some people become more motivated ( this can be positive * or * negative - there 's actually something called post-traumatic growth ) and other people severely lose motivation . 
  for this reason , i would say it 's hard to give you a reliable predictor in terms of emotional health .
