  david mitchell is a national treasure . 
  if you do n't want david mitchell 's soapbox , you 're seriously missing out . 
  not just that , it 's a whole 40 days into the future with years of data and it kind of matches the actual result . 
  what wizardry is this ? 
  you 're bad at spelling and creepy . 
  have a downvote . 
  it 's a fetish thing right ? 
  no-one actually believes the contaminants part right ? 
  i have n't posted anything that 's completely false ( without making it clear that it was false ) . 
  however , i 've probably embellished a story or two to make things more interesting . 
  i apologise . 
  i saw the date and misunderstood . 
  you can tell from the pixels, 
  underage crying girls, 
  [ original paper ] ( http://www.haematologica.org/content/early/2012/09/14/haematol.2012.072835.abstract?sid=2b725c7f-b87f-428f-b4f2-44f7e1dbd748 ), 
  no but it is slightly embellished, 
  that 's because it 's stupid . 
  edit : to be clear , tipping is n't stupid , the system is stupid . 
  no-one should rely on tips for a regular wage . 
  is n't that the entire point of the question ? 
  exactly , it 's stupid because you should get a real wage . 
  i hate to be * that * guy but thyme is a herb , not a spice . 
   like trying to maintain 0 karma . 
  there 's some disagreement about the nature of the licensing effect . 
  i 'm far from an expert but i believe that maintaining a positive self-image is central to moral decisions . 
  we like to think of ourselves as moral people ( in fact , studies show that giving the same amount of money to charity gives your more happiness than spending it on yourself ) . 
  so , if you do something good you can convince yourself that you 're still a `` good person '' while doing something completely against your morals . 
   does the opposite also take place , where you want to do something good after doing something bad ? 
  completely drawing a blank . 
  ca n't think of any research off the top of my head . 
  i 'll edit if it comes to me . 
  i 'm still quite new to moral psych . 
  i got some internet points and a bunch of people gave me reddit gold . 
  this is the best subreddit i 've ever seen . 
  why have n't i found it until today ? 
  i did but changing the word spices to herbs would n't have affected the pun . 
  are you a hostile interviewer ? 
  no ... give me my fix . 
  i 'm getting the shakes man . 
  just a few more upvotes and i 'll be fine . 
  no-one has to know , just a little more to take the edge off . 
  it just makes me want more, 
  one for the road ? 
  ] ( http://themagpieonline.com/sites/default/files/field/image/south-park-spare-change.jpg ), 
  it 's like the [ skullet ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=skullet ) of afros, 
  really , not even 2 hours ago . 
  was given as a present from a fine foods dealer . 
  went to inspect his house to rent it , ended up talking food and he gave me some . 
  shh do n't tell anyone that theory , that 's one of my next research projects . 
  while she tries to avoid eye contact with you, 
  it kind of looks like a hand nipple . 
  he was more than happy to shake with his fake right hand or his real left . 
  he was super chill and hilarious about it as long as you were chilled about it . 
  it 's okay , he waited almost 30 minutes to post it to the other biggest default . 
  sounds incredible . 
  do you have a rough recipe ? 
  you could always get reddit gold . 
  dae hate people that make music for a different demographic ? 
  all music should be designed specifically for me and people who are popular with others should be ridiculed . 
  is d'antoni planning to turn him into an overpriced diaw ? 
  someone needs to open their dictionary . 
  wait , that 's plagiarised work ? 
  why was he stealing work from an illiterate person ? 
  that paragraph is a mess . 
  seriously , i thought the point of the post was how bad that first sentence is . 
  i love how chilled he is about the whole thing . 
  should 've replied `` a small robot '', 
  the pages of family history just kill you . 
  so much unnecessary back story . 
  * some * of it was . 
  there was clearly too much though . 
  no regrets . 
  how old are you ? 
  my girlfriend has weird and quite unpleasant symptoms as an after effect of being cured of malaria . 
  i guess that 's really the ultimate first world problem - got cured of malaria , was n't quick enough . 
  3 ) please do n't post poll-type or yes/no answer questions . 
  to be fair , that 's about 15 minutes on the iphone 5, 
  ask the question again in a more open way and i wo n't remove it . 
  this is n't a discussion . 
  ask it again more open or do n't , it 's up to you . 
  protip : reporting a moderator 's comments does n't do a lot . 
  and a noise going down too, 
  a night that i 'm asleep by 10pm is a damn good night . 
  it 's almost like a relief noise that the fall is over . 
  ehh , i still think there 's something to be said for celebrating your commitment to your partner for the rest of your life . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  what a stupid thing to say . 
  you can talk about atheism without being a cock like op . 
  mine is more like an `` uggghhhh '', 
  i think it 's also about accepting that there 's no point in time where you all of a sudden feel like a man . 
  you become a man when you no longer have to wonder because you 've let go of some of the expectations of what a man `` should be '' and you just ** act ** like a man . 
  sure you can list some but to say that they are `` by definition '' illogical is stupid . 
  there 's no reason you ca n't maintain a tradition for logical reasons . 
  if you have a tradition that once a year you go work in a soup kitchen , you can maintain that tradition because it 's a good thing to do/makes you happy . 
  does n't need to be illogical to be a tradition . 
  do you know how many floppies that would 've taken ? 
  nothing would ever get fixed . 
  seriously , changing a lightbulb is about as handy as i get . 
  i believe that they 've also just broken the record for the fastest matching of a previous season 's win total . 
  friendzone level : grandmaster .
