  i understand that but it still sounds like you 're depressed and i would strongly recommend seeing a psychologist as you do n't have to feel this way forever . 
  i 'm currently reading the book ` mindsight ' by daniel j siegel . 
  i 'm a psych student and this is a really interesting intro level book into the world of psychotherapy using mindfulness techniques ( mindfulness is still pretty new and is based on meditative practises , it has good clinical results behind it ) . 
  it 's based on scientific research and he has lots of interesting case studies but i do feel like he takes a couple of liberties with his conclusions . 
  all-in-all though , i think it would be valuable for a lot of people to read because there are really well explained basic psychology concepts and practical methods for increasing happiness and well-being . 
  that does n't mean you have no right to be depressed . 
  any particular topics ? 
  he survived polio and despite being 80 can crush my hand in a handshake, 
  flying stemcell monster, 
  how/why would you get out of it ? 
  you did exactly what you were acused of and there was abundant evidence that you did it . 
  you 're so amazing, 
  how else do you teach them that they should n't try to read ? 
   a buddy of mine and i were drinking one night in nebraska, 
  suck it up . 
  you did n't just break the law you endangered everyone around you . 
  you deserve to be punished . 
  got a link [ here ] ( http://www.lmgtfy.com/?q=tv+star+salaries ), 
  take some responsibility man, 
  vegemite is delicious - australia, 
  if it 's that bad , i really recommend seeing a psychologist or a doctor about it . 
  do you not sleep because of anxiety ? 
  have you tried mindfulness meditation ( you can get some guided meditations from ucla 's mindful meditation research centre on itunes ) ? 
  are you asking if it 's a proper question ? 
  i downvoted you and upvoted him because it seemed like it would you annoy you more than him . 
  when , about 30 years from now , i finally finish studying and get to treat patients ( studying psychology ) . 
  i look forward to you showering too, 
  well played, 
  is there at least cheese ? 
  i watched a documentary about it once, 
  upvoted for complimenting me while downvoting me . 
  i 'm at work so i already did like 10 minutes ago, 
  who said that it 's okay for some and not others ? 
  if you 're in another country you * should * try to be culturally sensitive . 
  if other people are in your country they * should * try to be culturally sensitive . 
  it 's not racist to think that people should make an effort to integrate . 
  however , it is racist to treat them differently for not doing so . 
   we dunt huve accunts . 
  you do . 
  - new ziland, 
  ftfy, 
  what is this i 'm not good with computers, 
  `` seriously , just give twilight a chance , it 's really deep '', 
  edit : by the way , he was referencing superman ( hopefully ), 
  journey - do n't stop believin, 
  after laying the ground work for 3 months i was finally alone on a couch with my date . 
  just as i was about to kiss her i realised that if i did , i would probably throw up in her mouth and ran to the bathroom . 
  about an hour later i was passed on a couch in my hotel room and woke up feeling like death . 
  awww i would 've gone with you, 
  they were common in australia about 10 years ago . 
  i think most have gone since mobile phones became common, 
  there 's a chain of manliness . 
  black -  white -  asian . 
  women will only go up the chain , men will only go down it . 
  think about how many more white women have been with black guys than black women with white guys . 
  white guys with asian girls etc. 
  i know this is random but sam harris . 
  amazingly well educated and accomplished in his field and others . 
  goes around the world talking about things he 's passionate about and seems like he has his shit worked out . 
  i would n't want to be a movie star , i want to be someone who can be truly satisfied and passionate about what they do . 
  you need help, 
  or lying on your stomach, 
  or tied to a chair with a midget tickling your balls, 
  did you pick it up really quickly without realising what you were doing or were you enjoying the grab ? 
  the number next to your name is very green . 
  did he give you a * tip * after ? 
  if she does n't scream when i put her in my car, 
  i ca n't see yours at the moment because i 'm at work but it 's well over 50 ( highest by about 10 over my rl friend ), 
  i 've been on a lot of dates with your mum then . 
  i prefer `` experienced '', 
  you scare me sometimes, 
  i highly doubt that you can say the uni is liable . 
  if you want to prove that you have to show that :, 
  a ) you were explicitly instructed that you should use their copyrighted material and the website should be live, 
  b ) a reasonable person would 've believed that the instructions were given by a professional and intended as professional advice . 
  if you ca n't prove those , you have no case . 
  it 's called delayed onset muscle soreness ( doms ) and there are two major theories as to why you get the pain :, 
  1 ) your body responds to the exercise by building up lactic acid and this causes stiffness/soreness ( i believe this is outdated ), 
  2 ) when exercising you 're creating small tears in the muscle fibres that are then being repaired ( this is actually how you create new muscle ), 
  poop on your desk, 
  if it 's not in wingdings , i 'm not going to read it . 
  get out of my country, 
  you would think that you sockdologizing old man-trap, 
  ( this is having only done 1 semester of business law but i 'll tell you what i know ), 
  okay let 's imagine you 're in an elevator with a guy and he says `` i 'm sure that the housing market in x suburb is about to explode . 
  you should buy something there immediately ! '', 
  he has very different levels of liability if he 's a real estate agent whose job it is to evaluate housing markets and if he 's a guy who works at subway . 
  a lot of liability law in australia has a `` reasonable person '' test . 
  that is , would a reasonable person expect that it was expert opinion . 
  not sure if i explained that very well so feel free to ask me more questions . 
  do n't forget r/academicpsychology and r/neuropsychology, 
  that 's what i 've been hearing around the water cooler, 
  a reasonable person means if you put an average person in the same situation would they also have taken it to mean the same thing . 
  a professional means someone who presents themself as an expert on that specific topic . 
  you are not liable for advice unless you present yourself as an expert . 
  i 'm at work , what is it ? 
  i did find the name odd . 
  how explicit were his instructions ? 
  did he say `` create a website using their logos and launch it so i can see it '' or was it much more unclear ? 
  i only read the tl ; dr,
