  yup and think their opinions matter, 
  first comment is claiming that the apa ( main psychology association ) and all other relevant respected bodies must be wrong and that being trans * is a mental illness and are being asked to present their evidence for that claim . 
  im curious what you think is bad about calling out bigots attacking marginalised groups based on ignorance and anti-science attitudes . 
  well psychology is considered a science by every major journal , university and science agency in the world . 
  so i guess the answer is basically all scientists, 
  yes i remember all that nih funding mengele got to publish in all of those science journals . 
  why do you think the top multidisciplinary journals ( like nature and science ) publish psychogy research if it 's not respected by peers in other fields ? 
  i 've never understood why sjw is used as a pejorative . 
  sincerely , can you explain why fighting for the social just of marginalised groups is a negative label ? 
  fun fact , in social psychology the belief that certain groups should be dominant and that egalitarianism is bad is called social dominance orientation, 
  it 's actually not an ambivalent term , it 's well defined in the dsm and it does n't meet the criteria which is why this matters . 
   the apa decided to remove gender identity disorder purely on the basis that it was politically expedient to do so, 
  please cite evidence for your claim that the psychologists were politically motivated . 
  i 'd love to see your data that polled their thoughts and feelings . 
   plus both of you are pretty unscientific . 
  i 'm a psychologist . 
  in another part of the thread another psych was giving him references , i tried a different approach . 
  no point citing evidence to an ideologue if they do n't even read it . 
  i instead tried to point out how flawed his logic was and that even if he believes that one study his claim was probabilistically incoherent, 
  seriously , non binary gender is n't vaguely controversial in the literature . 
  it 's just accepted because the evidence is overwhelming ( see other posts here for some links ) . 
  it 's just funny that when you start talking about psychology people think their opinions are more valid than the science and making claims based on their notion of what things mean . 
  you do n't see laypeople ( in general ) yelling at the top of their lungs because they think scientists are wrong about the chemical structure of something . 
  it was quite a long chain and sources were given in other places . 
   in my opinion it 's all a non-issue, 
  which is easy to say when your rights are protected and people do n't loudly proclaim you mentally ill . 
  i 'm a psychologist . 
  in another part of the thread another psych was giving him references , i tried a different approach . 
  no point citing evidence to an ideologue if they do n't even read it . 
  i instead tried to point out how flawed his logic was and that even if he believes that one study his claim was probabilistically incoherent . 
  either way , this is n't me vs you , it 's you vs all of the experts on the topic ( cited elsewhere in multiple places ) and thankfully your opinion changes nothing . 
  things had improved until the / pol invasion into t_d, 
  actually you 're right , i did misread it . 
  realistically , mental illness is harder to define than physical illness because almost all symptoms exist on continuums of normative thiughts/feelings/behaviours ( e.g. , it 's normal to feel sad sometimes but clinical to feel it all the time ) . 
  so while the term is vague in some senses , there are still fundamental components that being trans * does n't meet . 
  1 ) you do n't know what an appeal to authority is . 
  2 ) it 's not my job to convince you of anything . 
  you 're claiming established theory is wrong and i asked for evidence of it . 
  your evidence was based on a giant lack of understanding of how psychology , neuroscience , gender theory and science in general work so why would i take it seriously ? 
  that 's a very bold claim . 
  do you have any evidence that it was politically motivated and not the direct result of the reams of research on the topic ? 
  half way down the page . 
  and in your mind that 's evidence of a vast conspiracy between both hundreds or thousands of academics and clinical psychologists ? 
  fair . 
  i guess it would be more accurate to say that it 's true when people have anecdotal experience of related ideas but that 's most frequently true of psychology . 
  it 's not pseudoscience to say that we should accept established theory until sufficient evidence says otherwise . 
  well there 's nothing wrong with being wrong about evolution as long as you are n't harming anyone else with that false belief . 
  you 're welcome to think whatever you want just know that your personal opinion is entirely irrelevant to the truth of matters you do n't personally understand . 
   do you have to caricature everything i say ? 
  no you do a great job of it yourself . 
  all i 'm doing over and over is showing that your claims have no basis and that there 's no reason think we should overthrow established theory based on it . 
  and you can pretend that you 're any different to anti-vaxxers , creationists and flat earthers . 
  if you 're so sure you 're right , go and do the the work . 
  get a science degree and if you * still * think you 're right ( you wo n't ) go and publish some actual research . 
  you think it 's more likely that there 's a vast conspiracy between researchers and clinicians to redefine the term than you not understanding the criteria by which mental illness are defined ? 
  if you were a vegas oddsmaker how would you lay out those odds ? 
  i guess that would be a lot easier for you than learning something so good idea . 
  i think that 's totally fair and true of all fields , just it gets less notice outside of certain hot button topics ( which psych has a lot of ) . 
  it 's worth remembering though that theories are n't built on single studies so even if study x turns out to be entirely wrong , it does n't necessarily change what we know . 
  it 's often better to assume that the mistake still fits within current model but that the model needs to be revised . 
  think of gravity and relativity . 
  you could argue that relativity proved gravity wrong but instead it tells us that the way we understand gravity needs to be modified and updated . 
  right there are wrong things in every field . 
  the thing to remember is that we overthrow outdated science with better science , not people 's opinions on internet forums who have n't even bothered to learn the basics of what they 're saying is wrong . 
  it 's also worth pointing out that theories are n't built on single studies so even if study x turns out to be entirely wrong , it does n't necessarily change what we know . 
  it 's often better to assume that the mistake still fits within current model but that the model needs to be revised . 
  think of gravity and relativity . 
  you could argue that relativity proved gravity wrong but instead it tells us that the way we understand gravity needs to be modified and updated . 
  so while i 'm sure lots of things we currently think are true will turn out to be wrong , that will be changed incrementally by actual science and we should still assume theory derived from the scientific method is more likely to accurately represent the world than theory derived without the scientific method . 
  if accepting the newest scientific theories makes me an sjw then i guess i 'm an sjw . 
  which is why i never tried to convince him . 
  my aim was to make sure everyone else reading knows that his position is a fringe view and that he has no actual evidence to back his claim . 
  if you notice , i never make any positive claims , just show that his claims are wrong and that without evidence we should n't overthrow established theory . 
  i laughed at the first part but my favourite part is that it 's actually z ** i ** mbardo . 
  oh do n't worry , my wife teases me in the same way . 
  yes that poor victim who bragged about sexually assaulting women is so misunderstood . 
  it 's a shorter summary than i remember . 
  here 's the full version it 's partly based off : http://www.annelawrence.com/gid_in_dsm-5.html, 
  he 's just under lawsuit audit so he ca n't send it right now . 
  you forgot `` wink , wink , do n't worry guys i know he 's crazy too but i 'll do anything for a paycheck and the chance to fall upwards after the campaign '', 
  a large committee who base their decision on submissions and published work by hundrends * or * thousands of academic and clinical psychologists . 
  poor things , so much economic anxiety . 
   the fact that you think this issue is like evolution shows how little you know about how science functions , or how the classification of ` mental illness ' works . 
  a ) i do n't think you know what an analogy is . 
  b ) i am literally a psychologist . 
  i would wager i know more than you about the classification of mental illness . 
  but please , do tell me what element of mental illness classification you think i 'm confused about . 
   the dsm is n't the be all end all of mental illness ( although it claims to be ) . 
  if you 'll recall , homosexuality was classified as a mental illness for years , although i would contend that it is n't . 
  no matter what the dsm says . 
  never said it was . 
  your point is like saying that we ca n't trust heliocentrism because we once thought otherwise . 
  the fact that the dsm is revised over time is fantastic proof that it has scientific integrity . 
   so no , this is not a settled issue like evolution is , and you 're using that as a tactic to try and avoid an open discussion . 
  never said it was and no i 'm not . 
  my point is that the overwhelming bulk of current literature and thought by people who are experts in the topic say that being trans * is n't a mental illness . 
  ** if you claim to know better , the onus is on you to provide positive evidence that the established theory is wrong ** . 
  you 'll note that i 've made no positive claims as i do n't need to . 
   if you truly think you 're right , you 're not going to convince anybody with that attitude . 
  i know i wo n't convince you but i also do n't care .
