  because he 's far more progressive than religious leaders of other religions and makes no active effort to change public policy to fit with his own personal beliefs ( at least that 's the way he 's seen ) . 
  it 's great !, 
  my government gives me incredibly cheap healthcare , we have a much better separation of church and state and a fraction of your crime . 
  i 've been told i could do pretty well picking up girls in america with an australian accent but have n't tried, 
  i ca n't eat dark chocolate . 
  ca n't relate to your chocolate cake issues though , that 's just weird . 
  beyond the basic 3 ( missionary , cowgirl and doggy ) that vast majority require so much flexibility and effort that the enjoyment is greatly diminished by the focus required . 
  wow . 
  i always assumed gay guys would give amazing head til, 
  i convinced an asshole on the internet that i was from his town ( despite living in a different country - google knows all ) and that i was keen to buy weed from him . 
  he went out 3 different times to meet me . 
  i feel kind of bad in hindsight but at the time i thought it was hilarious . 
  your gender and sexual preference is relevant here . 
  so brave, 
  australia . 
  we speak australian, 
  win the lottery . 
  live out life almost as normal except for avoiding more fights with my so . 
  nope . 
  our money just does n't all go to war and tax-breaks for the richest bracket . 
  never try to self-diagnose mental illnesses . 
  go talk to a professional . 
  i know you said you have no health insurance but suicide rates are ** very ** high in bpd sufferers so it 's worth losing some money to get treatment . 
  this is very likely false . 
  it was after my aunt 's wedding . 
  me and my cousin were typing `` boobs '' and `` jennifer anniston 's boobs '' into altavista, 
  you seem to have an extra letter in there buddy, 
  people like your parents make me feel fucking sick . 
  how the fuck could anyone say that to someone they loved and raised . 
  i wish there was a stronger word than cunt i could use . 
  who gives a fuck if she 's doing it for attention . 
  either way , they 've basically ruined their relationship with her for life . 
  as for you , op , you 're not splitting the family by supporting her , your cunt parents already did that . 
  grow the fuck up buddy . 
  your sister is hurting right now and you 're worried about hurting your parent 's feelings when they 're the ones who caused this whole mess ? 
  i feel really sorry for the position you 're in but the sooner you realise that your parents are fucking assholes , the sooner you can actually be the brother that i 'm assuming you want to be . 
  even if it is a stunt , so fucking what ? 
  there 's something call unconditional love and that 's what parents are supposed to have for their kids at all times . 
  your parents are assholes dude . 
  him being an asshole is n't mutually exclusive with me being an asshole, 
  you know what kids really need more than anything ? 
  loving parents who want to take care of them . 
  you do n't have those wonderful memories of your mother because she has a vagina , those memories are because she took care of you with love and warmth . 
  if you do the same for your kids , adopted or not , they 'll be lucky to have you . 
  australia, 
  25 yourself ? 
  can number 1 be the guy who went to england to meet with a `` girl '' he met online . 
  we never heard back and it 's only fair to assume at this stage . 
  lyk dis if u cry everytime, 
  wait , what ? 
  why ? 
  is it good ? 
  res tag ? 
  how do we know it was really him though ? 
  you sound like you have a wonderful and fulfilling life . 
  i really hope that when i 'm 30 i 'm as evolved as you are . 
  i think you mean `` her '', 
  that 's a legitimte reason to dump someone, 
  refusing to stop and breaking down regularly . 
  if it happened 3 times a year i 'd be pissed , let alone 3 times a week . 
  he sounds like a fucking moron . 
  story ... 
  in grade 5 i convinced my substitute teacher that my name is lucy ( i 'm a boy ) and made her feel terrible for not believing me . 
  she let me do whatever i wanted for the rest of the day . 
  you 're never going to believe this past me but you have a girlfriend and you 're relatively happy with your life . 
  keep fighting , it 's worth the effort !, 
  also , you develop time travel . 
  you broke character , that was a great answer . 
  i have the opposite problem . 
  i ca n't make any comments that can be in any way construed to be positive or negative about religion , charity or being kind in any way or people think i 'm a novelty account . 
  makes sense . 
  i dislike yours less than most novelty accounts because it at least requires some thought . 
  i hate the ones that literally say the exact same thing , no matter what . 
  does part of you want to do a silent bob and just every so often throw in a really heartfelt piece of advice/compliment just to fuck with people ? 
  that 's fair enough . 
  i 've enjoyed getting to know you better wap . 
  i 've received a few downvotes in the process but i think i 'll be okay . 
  damn , i 'm slowly wittling down the names, 
  it 's pronounced `` tushemereirwe wilberforce '', 
  my strategy is to post so much that it 's impossible for anyone to actually read through my responses without a super computer . 
  actually i want to know if it 's possible to see how many comments i 've made . 
  i think i 'd be in the top 10 of reddit even though i 've only had this account for just over a year . 
  i have near-orgasmic sensations when cleaning my ears with cotton buds . 
  i 'm pretty sure i have a g-spot in there somewhere . 
  my so constantly teases me about it too because she can see how much i enjoy it . 
  because it fills the few minutes of the day i 'm not on reddit . 
  also , bikini pics of girls i had a crush on in high school . 
  i went to a religious high school so no . 
  no we did not . 
  did n't study evolution either . 
  note : i 'm australian, 
  i was a really rotten kid in primary school . 
  school was really easy for me and i acted out heaps . 
  my grade 5 teacher recommended me for school captain ( which i got ) because she had faith that i was a really good kid but needed someone to have faith in me . 
  it worked too . 
  i 'm going to be doing a phd ( for fun - i do n't need one for my career ) so mine is more of a get rich very , very , very slowly scheme . 
  working like a charm so far . 
  i 'm much more optimistic than most people i meet . 
  for one , i think that by all objective measures we live in the best world that has ever existed . 
  second , i have a very rogerian view on human psychology .
