  there is n't a lot of discussion about the potential benefits of alchemy in r/chemistry . 
  in fact , if there was a sudden push for alchemy to be taught in schools , i 'd expect there to be a lot of talk about it and it would be a massive circlejerk by your definitions . 
  which was my point in a different post in this thread . 
  i do n't really know what people expect when discussing atheism . 
  you both do n't believe in god and may have some slightly different wording or level of skepticism but beyond that , what there is to talk about is social issues related to the topic . 
  you 're right that it 's more common in america because of the prevalence of religious political pressure ( as an australian , the fact that teaching evolution is even a question is mind boggling to me ) but that does n't mean that defining yourself as an atheist is n't important . 
  norman doidge - the brain that changes itself, 
  they would very slightly rise . 
  murder is a very low proportion of deaths that occur . 
  there 's still a couple of days to go , keep your chin up . 
  i believe in you . 
  i really want a manor with its own supermarket, 
  i always paid for the first couple of dates unless strongly insisted otherwise , although most will at least offer . 
  op said `` hit on you '' not `` pick you up '', 
  max payne , the original . 
  lights off , quiet room , fucking epic . 
  it was * okay * but needed the word ` le ' more, 
  i think it 's okay to talk about your selfless deeds as long as it 's not the only reason you 're doing it . 
  fighting the urge to burn things, 
  my girlfriend took me to a spa retreat for the weekend last year . 
  we stayed in a villa that had a spa the size of our bathroom and ate at one of the best restaurants in the state . 
  it was amazing . 
  if reddit wo n't even go down on you for your birthday , who will ? 
  dr norman doidge talks about this in the brain that changes itself ( brilliant book on neuroplasticity ) . 
  basically , our brains evolved in a situation where noticing novelty was very important ( see lion , receive adrenalin ) . 
  part of the reason that tv and games are so effective is that they give us constant stimulation which we are hardwired to be excited by . 
  however , over time our brain adjusts to the stimuli we give it . 
  that 's why your brain now requires more stimulation to be satisfied than it did in the past . 
  i have the same problem myself after years of computer gaming and it 's taking some really active practice to teach myself how to read textbooks . 
  yes . 
  you 're an idiot , not everything is about you . 
  tell her to go see a professional psychologist . 
  what i 've started doing is giving myself small targets . 
  so , i 'll say to myself you ca n't look back at reddit until you read these 2 pages . 
  next time i do 3 . 
  does n't always work but just slowly increase how long you focus over time . 
  also , try meditation [ here ] ( http://marc.ucla.edu/body.cfm?id=22&amp;otopid=22 ), 
  you need to practice with small goals . 
  force yourself to focus on reading your textbook for x amount of time and then reward yourself . 
  then , read it again for slightly longer and reward yourself etc. 
  that 's not a hallucination . 
  i finally bought a horse . 
  dead hooker in the trunk . 
  ca n't find a decent place to bury her and she 's really started to stink it up, 
  the most ironic thing to ever happen was alanis morissette writing a song about irony wherein almost nothing was ironic . 
  it 's so meta . 
  i figuratively do n't understand how . 
  this is true, 
  either pay it and do n't use them again or refuse to pay and order it a different way . 
  i do n't really see a third option . 
  but i will track you down . 
  all i need to do is use process of elimination . 
  i already know that you 're geeky . 
  ca n't be many geeky people on the net right ? 
  exactly , i just told everyone that i 'm not jesus and they 'll never suspect a thing . 
  nothing to see here . 
  move along . 
  you 're thinking of jesus . 
  i 'm not him . 
  askreddit : where people ask questions only to tell other people about their weird habits . 
  anyone who has a modicum of knowledge about medicine would n't be stupid enough to answer a medical question online . 
  the only answers you will get are from morons who will relate anything you say to their own experience . 
  that 's so weird , i 've stared at a photo of you too . 
  think it 's a stupid idea to post your own email address on the internet . 
  respond by reposting those same email addresses without blanking them out, 
  ** edit ** : just to be clear , i do n't think / b / members having your e-mail address is a big deal but clearly op did so irrespective of whether or not it actually matters , he 's still a dick . 
  what you should do is follow it up by posting it on the internet . 
  you know , just in case he had any self-esteem left . 
  have you considered telling him that his mother does n't really love him and that he 's probably adopted ? 
  nice try double bluffing steve jobs, 
  yes because that single post on / b / is there forever and will be seen by the entire internets . 
  there 's no way in which getting it to the front page of reddit will give those emails to more people . 
  then tell him that you came incredibly hard, 
  i do n't mind what the rest of it looks like as long as there is a slide going from my bedroom to my indoor pool . 
  it sounds like you 'd get a lot more out of talk therapy than medication . 
  i would recommend finding someone who practises cbt ( cognitive behavioural therapy ) as that will really help you release some of the stress . 
  besides that , meditation ( mindfullness meditation is my recommendation ) , exercise and/or talking about it with someone ( family , friends etc. ), 
  i 've gone to a psychodynamic therapy for years now and could n't recommend it more highly . 
  i was suffering from a really deep depression and would n't be where i am today without it . 
  i bet you 're the first person to ask him that . 
  10 points to the first person who asks me if i 'm sure that i 'm not jesus again . 
  you should consider dating someone over the age of 12, 
  but in the meantime he 's getting away with our karma . 
  wo n't somebody please think of the children, 
  that 's so weird . 
  same things happens when i search for the words `` first post '' too . 
  saying that website has bad formatting is like saying friday is a slightly below average song . 
  yeh , it counters with a downvote . 
  reddit has a system that automatically downvotes popular threads to stop spam bots . 
  it 's not laziness it 's built into the site . 
  if you look at posts from a year ago they have many more upvotes . 
  jedberg ( admin ) does * some * explaining [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/eaqnf/pardon_me_but_5000_downvotes_wtf_is_worldnews_for/ ), 
  because you should respect someone until proven otherwise , in my opinion , especially if they 're in authority . 
  i assume the infrastructure involved in transporting the water and setting up the system would be prohibitive, 
  if you read further down ( ctrl + f for his name ) you get a little bit more, 
  two men are sitting on the train when one notices that the other is sitting there with nothing but a plastic bag and looks quite upset . 
  the other man asks him what was wrong . 
  he said `` i was walking down the beach , a bottle of whiskey in hand , after a shocking day . 
  suddenly , i noticed a lamp lying on the ground . 
  i jokingly rubbed it but an actual genie popped out .
