  this great new positive psychology study showed that giving other people money makes you happier than spending it on yourself does . 
  happiness , you 're doing it right . 
  we do n't know all the answers yet but lawrence krauss has a phenomenal talk on this called ' a universe from nothing ' on youtube ( ca n't link directly because i 'm at work ) . 
  the mind is what the brain does so it is highly likely that consciousness is some combination of neuronal activity but we simply do n't know enough yet to say that with certainty or what combination of activity turns something from unconscious to conscious . 
  it 's only been tested on a pretty small scale but basically they gave a bunch of college students a bit of money each done . 
  half were told to spend it on anything they like that 'll make them happy . 
  the other half were told to give it away to charity or other people . 
  the people giving it away were far happier at the end of the experiment . 
  if you are going to spend money on yourself with the intention of making yourself happier , studies show that you 're better off buying an experience than an item . 
  so you 're better off having a nice dinner or a mani/pedi or something than a new outfit . 
  i currently work in an awesome call centre with great people where i reddit and study all day . 
  i used to work in an electricity company call cetnre where i did retention ( calling leaving customers to ask them to stay ) and it was fucking torture . 
  anxiety reduction can be done in a few ways . 
  best 2 suggestions i can think of off the top of my head ( based on recent research ) are :, 
  1 ) pee at home and imagine someone else is in the room . 
  imagining it will evoke a small amount of anxiety but not as much as the real thing . 
  ( similar to aversion therapy for phobias ), 
  2 ) you 're going to think this is lame but before you go into a sitaution where you 're going to have to do it , spend a few minutes writing down whatever thoughts/feelings come to mind . 
  you can throw it out after if you like but the act of writing it down will help . 
  it really depends on how old the kid is . 
  i think it 's really important to be honest and open with your kid ( obviously you need to use some reason within that ) . 
  get some really interesting non-fiction books so you feel like you 're learning/growing . 
  i got ta ask , what 'd you do ? 
  * slowly puts his hand up *, 
  come on , as if you 're not a little curious . 
  i tried a little bit once , when i was like 14 . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/joqy1/ladies_strangest_thing_youve_put_inside_you_men/c2dv47x ), 
  edit : fixed, 
  this is n't funny if it 's a joke and if it 's serious please seek immediate attention . 
  why did you not want to say fucking but you gladly said cunt ? 
  if adam and eve had two sons and they were the only 4 people on earth , one of them had to have a kid with eve . 
  the bible has very little to do with what christians actually think . 
  i 'm getting paid to work as we speak . 
  penalty rates too because it 's the weekend . 
  did he pay you or did you find it in there ? 
  the ending of that scrubs episode where brendan fraser 's character dies . 
  the moment where j.d turns to dr. cox and says `` where do you think we are ? '', 
  kills me every time . 
  to be fair , considering how often we get some questions , that 's actually not too bad . 
  i watched that movie with my ex who told me about 14 times how sad it was before we started watching . 
  i spent the whole movie trying to work out what a sad ending would be and picked it . 
  so disappointed i did n't get to experience it . 
  i used to hear that in school ( went to a jewish school ) . 
  the biggest ( of many ) reasons the ` periods of time ' argument is silly is the order :, 
  day 1 : light ( before the sun apparently ), 
  day 2 : water and air separated, 
  day 3 : land and plants ( still before the sun ), 
  day 4 : sun , stars and moon ( finally ! ), 
  make the stages 500 million years so that the age of the earth is only wrong by 1 billion years and you 're still not making a lot of sense . 
  touche, 
  the reason their other abilities become heightened is called neuroplasticity . 
  basically , if areas of our brain are n't being used that space gets taken over by other things . 
  if they had their sight returned it would probably be at a weakened level ( less area of the brain devoted to it ) and over time the sense would equal out . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.itgetsbetter.org/ ), 
  his dick . 
  raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens, 
  bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens, 
  brown paper packages tied up with strings, 
  these are a few of my favorite things, 
  actually , scratch that . 
  my playstation . 
  dick york . 
  that 's waaaaaay too long, 
  ice soap, 
  pleasure a woman . 
  seriously guys , it 's not that difficult . 
  new zealand . 
  they 'd only be using us for grazing land for their sheep anyway . 
  we prayed and god stopped it ? 
  fight club . 
  blew my fucking mind . 
  first saw movie had an incredible ending . 
  snorlax , no doubt . 
  who song first ? 
  * not sure if too young to understand who 's on first reference or if it was just a really bad joke *, 
  it did n't really matter though . 
  the point is n't that they were successful at bringing them down , the point was that they took it way too fucking far . 
  1 ) nba live 97, 
  2 ) fifa 97, 
  3 ) doom 2, 
  4 ) commander keen, 
  call the company ? 
  when people misuse the word ironic, 
  that literally annoys the shit out of me . 
  * twitch *, 
  there is nothing more ironic than writing a song about irony that does n't list anything ironic . 
  it 's the ultimate meta-irony . 
  she is a genius . 
  i 'm so hungry i could ride a horse, 
  no offense but you 're a cockjuggling thunder cunt . 
  no offense though . 
  ` save ', 
  if you 're becoming a doctor to make money , it 's not worth it . 
  there are plenty of careers that take less study and can make you more . 
  do it if you are passionate about helping people . 
  ps : if you do end up doing it just to make money - orthopaedics or cosmetics, 
  finish the sentence anyway . 
  if it 's really important , just say `` sorry , let me just finish my point '', 
  sitting on reddit, 
  doing my uni essay,
