  there 's never a situation where hitting , as discipline , the best thing to do . 
  sorry just need to pick you up on something . 
  that 's not negative reinforcement , it 's punishment . 
  negative reinforcement is when a behaviour is reinforced by taking away a negative stimulus . 
  for example , if you 're scared of heights and walk to the start of a high bridge and then leave , leaving is negatively reinforced because you 're taking away the negative stimulus . 
  being an adult and walking away . 
  how well he takes care of the people he cares about . 
  contact hr or accounting and give them a chance to sort it out ? 
  stretch regularly . 
  put your arm straight out with your fingertips pointing upwards , palm facing away and gently pull your fingers towards you . 
  hold for 20-30 seconds each hand . 
  now , put your arm straight out with your fingertips pointing downwards , palm facing away and gently pull your fingers towards you . 
  hold for 20-30 seconds each hand . 
  also , every so often stop looking at your computer and look at something in the distance for a minute . 
  make sure you stand up and walk around every so often . 
  sit straight with your keyboard directly in front of you , both knees under the table and back upright . 
  it 's like warm apple pie . 
  i just realised that given your question you wo n't know my reference and i just got very , very sad . 
  had a job in a food court where the manager changed . 
  the job was shit but i liked the old manager which is why i 'd stayed to that point . 
  anyway , the new manager was out the front with me and a girl when i told the manager i was heading to the bathroom . 
  she replied : `` just be quick please , derpina took 8 minutes and that 's far too long . '', 
  that was my last shift . 
  as a guy , personally i do n't . 
  there 's nothing about looking at a naked girl that makes me think `` what would make this better is 15 of my friends and some terrible smells '', 
  i 'd start with [ these ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/search?q=bucket&amp;restrict_sr=on ), 
  you 're right , that poor 200,000-1 ,000,000 tax bracket are so hard done by . 
  because you live in an individualistic culture where individual rights are prized over sanity . 
  i know this does n't answer your question but what i do know about rape victims is that apparently the first people they tell are the most important to how they deal with the issue . 
  make sure that she knows you believe her and that she can trust you , it will make a huge difference later on . 
  learn to meditate ( mindfulness meditation imo ), 
  draw up a plan of the house on a piece of paper . 
  roll a dice onto the paper and you have sex in whichever room the dice lands on . 
  also , create a list of 6 positions you attribute to each number and you have to use that position . 
  their is that one were people put to many accidents in one sentance for me to think its a mistake, 
  each day imagine being a little bit closer to being inside the dentist . 
  at first , imagine you 're just walking into the office . 
  next day imagine sitting in the waiting room etc. 
  your right, 
  my sanity, 
  i do n't know if you have the same where you 're from but we have charities like the salvation army that sell donations to support their services . 
  they 'll take it for you plus you 'll help out a charity . 
  spotted dick is n't what you think it is . 
  is that a question ? 
  you ca n't . 
  you can support her and make sure she knows that she can trust * you * but you ca n't change her . 
  if it 's seriously hurting her chances to be happy she should seek a therapist because it is something that can be worked through but if you try to change her , all you 'll do is confirm her suspicions that she ca n't trust you . 
  i 'll be able to answer better when i finish this semester but from my understanding they would be able to . 
  if you wanted to artificially stop them from walking you would have to restrict movement ( ie. , keeping the baby in a cage - yes it has happened ) . 
  having some wine/beer with dinner is fine . 
  the question is : is it hurting other parts of your life or are you using it to escape from problems ? 
  if the answer to either is yes then you have your answer . 
  did you get therapy to work on the underlying issues while you were on prozac ? 
  upbringing, 
  love the tl ; dr for a 2 line post . 
  knew really early while cuddling on the couch . 
  felt more loved than i ever had and knew that this was a person i could connect to on a deeper level than i 'd ever had . 
  do n't focus on being popular , focus on finding friends you like . 
  curmudgeon, 
  have you considered that it was more about them thinking it was a stupid idea than being ` spoiled brats ' ? 
  wait a minute ... do n't tell me ... did someone exaggerate their upset or reaction on the internet ? 
  it ca n't be . 
  next you 'll be telling me that my 21 year old online model girlfriend is just in it for the money . 
  i 'm questioning everything now . 
  exactly . 
  you 're not paying for fabric , you 're paying for a total package where the production costs are a small percentage of what you 're getting . 
  one person stated it and 1500 people agreed because it really is a very , very stupid idea . 
  maybe it could 've been stated in a more productive way but the point here is that people thought it was stupid and voiced their opinion ( kind of the point of reddit ) . 
  you seem really hurt about this and i 'm sorry about that but this is just people using their voice to tell you how they want the subreddit run . 
  if you want to do your own thing that 's great , some people will leave , some wo n't , that 's your prerogative . 
  just do n't get angry at people for saying what they think . 
  i agree that the outrage at the mods was excessive but the criticism of the idea is fair and necessary, 
  you 're not a piece of shit verdammt, 
  * change positions, 
  * lots of foreplay, 
  * change your movements ( do n't just do all in and out also use your hips to move while you 're inside her ), 
  * kiss heaps, 
  * do n't focus on the sensation too much, 
  i know someone who did a brother swap after having two kids with the first brother . 
  the 3 of them now live together , i shit you not . 
  it 's called the availability heuristic, 
  that 's not so much a sister swap as dating both at the same time . 
  your buddy sounds like a dick . 
  because we unconsciously transfer human features onto inhuman things ( animals etc. ) . 
  we 've decided that certain animals are off limits and the logic is n't always sound but that 's humans for you . 
  your backyard, 
  i smoked for a while but do n't anymore . 
  there is some harm to the body but it 's not too drastic . 
  personally , i think it 's bad for you overall but it 's on a relative scale . 
  if you smoke weed every day it 's bad for you in the same way that if you get drunk every day it 's bad for you . 
  if you smoke from time to time you 're really not going to hurt yourself ( unless you drive or something ) but will most likely just feel a little groggy the next day or two . 
  my best mate in high school was the most feared guy around ( did kickboxing and was a total gym junkie ) . 
  he also got flown to singapore to represent australia in the asian cyber games . 
  brilliant, 
  i need to make some extra accounts to upvote you more . 
  watching now, 
  have you been to r/jailbait ? 
  therapy worked for me, 
  ~ ~ two chicks at the same time ~ ~, 
  sell a non-fiction book about the psychology of belief .
