  no and anyone who tells you that you can change that is an asshole . 
  if it 's really causing you a lot of upset i recommend talking to a therapist about it but please , please , please do n't listen to anyone who says they can stop you from being gay, 
  edit : please , please stop replying to me by telling me that you were once x and tried really , really hard and now you 're y. 
  it 's not the same as sexuality . 
  if you disagree what i want you to do is try as hard as you can to convince yourself that you 're gay . 
  go on , try it right now . 
  convince yourself that you really want homosexual sex and would prefer it to heterosexual sex . 
  oh you ca n't ? 
  shocking . 
  he eats rockmelon and fried pork, 
  you 're horribly misunderstanding what it actually means to be gay . 
  do you think that if you watched enough bi-sexual porn you could learn to appreciate a cock ? 
  you 're a dickhead and only making it harder for op . 
  because smoking a cigarette does n't affect your other behaviours . 
  this is great advice for anyone , not just gay people . 
  i just regularly see you saying fucking horrible things and feel the need to make sure no-one listens to your streams of bullshit . 
  24 , full-time psychology student who also works , love my life . 
  clearly that was in response to the gay therapy he asked about you twat . 
  i 'm in love with his mom , does that count ? 
  can you describe to me what you mean by angry ? 
  like do you jsut become generally angry/agitated ? 
  if that were the case he would feel anxious about the lack of order not angry at a certain type of shape . 
  you need to get sober and get your life in order if you want to feel less sad during the day . 
  i really recommend talking to an expert about this sadness . 
  ocd is defined as an anxiety disorder based on either obsessions or compulsions . 
  i can write out the dsm-iv-tr definition for you if you like . 
  it may in some cases be different but i 'm just going off my textbook definition ( i 'm not a clinician - yet ), 
  self-satisfaction about my life heading towards all the things i want for my life . 
  you 'd love my penis then . 
  if you go to a therapist who still uses inkblots you should leave haha, 
  that 's really weird , i 've never heard of anything like it . 
  it seems neurological to me but i ca n't think of any similar conditions ( maybe a weird form of synesthesia , i do n't know ) . 
  i 'd consider seeing a neurologist or even a neuroscience researcher about it , could be really interesting . 
  pretty much . 
  most of your life aims * do * involve tequila . 
  `` if you do n't do this exercise you 're going to have a heart attack and 30 and that will make your 8 years of study ( by then ) seem really useless '', 
  okay but i draw the line at bloodletting !, 
  i 'd say it 's probable, 
  most people would consider that a good thing, 
  you live with your parents and drink 8-10 shots a night ? 
  it 'll probably hurt for her first time but she 's probably not going to do any damage . 
  once you go black , you ca n't sit down properly, 
  you 've only slept with one black guy ? 
  colour me surprised . 
  he also said that hysteria was caused by the uterus travelling around the body trying to get impregnated !, 
  the kind of girl who considers two days without tequila a really slow week . 
  and disappoint, 
  slick your hair back, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyhryis509a ), 
  god , i 've had that in my head all morning . 
  anger, 
  yes but to be fair i 'm lying in bed right now . 
  ps : 4 on the dot , well played, 
  i 'll reply properly when i clean the puke off my keyboard, 
  see what two days sober does for you ? 
  it 's not something you can fix . 
  ask her if she wants to talk about it and then just listen/ask questions . 
  are you able to have sex without living out the fantasy ? 
  if not , you should see a therapist . 
  that being said , there 's nothing wrong with living it out if you do it safely and talk about it with her first . 
  as my grandmother always told me : `` if there 's no midgets , it 's not that bad '', 
  that seems absurdly easy to break, 
  there are a lot of things like that . 
  try this , lick the back of your teeth and then swallow your saliva . 
  no problems right ? 
  now imagine licking the back of your teeth and spitting as much as you can into a glass . 
  now drink it . 
  feels much more gross does n't it ? 
  we have certain notions of ` purity ' ( read anything by jonathan haidt on this ) that make us feel sick to violate even if they 're not rationally logical . 
  my erection, 
  we understand very little of what is going on in our own brains . 
  edit : if anyone is curious about this david eagleman ( a neuroscientist ) did a brilliant talk to the commonwealth club ( it 's free on itunes ) . 
  in fact , almost any of his talks will teach you a tonne about the topic . 
  new studies actually show that people spend more freely if they 're using a credit card instead of cash because it 's more abstract and they do n't feel the same ` pain of paying ' . 
  they 're dangerous . 
  edit : ca n't find the exact study i was thinking of ( they talked about it on the nature journal podcast ) but here 's some info on the study it was based off ( [ link ] ( http://www.livescience.com/2849-study-credit-cards-spending.html ) ), 
  i have n't done a test in a few years but it was 141 when i did one about 7 years ago . 
  it goes down a few points with each shot, 
  as a general rule ; when a doctor and a specialist ca n't easily diagnose it after assessing you , random people on the internet should probably not be trusted . 
  studying psychology, 
  there * are * rumours . 
  why ? 
  they 're clearly different and have different strengths/weaknesses . 
  everyone within each set is different of course but there are generalities that can be taken ( ie. , women tend to be more empathic , men tend to be physically stronger etc. ), 
  there 's a balance you can draw that allows you to not die at 30 from a coke binge but also not abstain from all pleasure . 
  in fact , finding some balance in your life makes the good things better . 
  i never said sexuality is binary and do n't at all think it is . 
  clearly from op 's post though , he 's not bisexual and does n't like feeling ` gay ' . 
  i 'm not saying he is 100 % gay and could never be with a woman , i 'm saying that if he 's attracted to men then that 's a part of who he is then he should n't listen to anyone that says he can be talked out of that . 
  i think so . 
  i remember hearing that as you approach the speed of light you need exponentially more force to increase speed such that you can never reach it . 
  is that related ? 
  sorry , i know i 'm probably not using the right terms . 
  it would also make you sound less insane if the other person does n't know what you 're talking about . 
  lies, 
  just chill out a bit , it 's your first relationship and it takes a while to learn what love means . 
  enjoy these feelings and let her know how much you like her but i would just wait a little bit before you start telling her you love her . 
  your description has been really helpful too . 
  thanks, 
  yes but for people who speak english not american,
