  i do n't really want to check and find out . 
  do it !, 
  image you are, 
  set up a regular deposit into a savings account that you do n't have a card for . 
  3 bones of the inner ear ? 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_ear#ossicles ), 
   the middle ear contains three tiny bones known as the ossicles : malleus , incus , and stapes . 
  the ossicles were given their latin names for their distinctive shapes ; they are also referred to as the hammer , anvil , and stirrup , respectively . 
  the, 
  what an odd thing to say . 
  a child ca n't consent . 
  i live in melbourne , australia . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.gowalkabouttravel.com/destination-melbourne-australia/melbourne1.jpg ) is what it looks like . 
  [ this ] ( http://imagecache2.allposters.com/images/lpipod02/bn17892_23.jpg ) is probably what you think it looks like . 
  does it start with s and end in tarbucks ? 
  wait until she 's masturbating privately and walk in naked . 
  ask her if she needs a hand . 
  it will go * okay * . 
  this post, 
  i do n't think he meant to say that no relationship could ever start with sex . 
  if his intention is a lasting relationship it may not be the best aim to sleep with her immediately . 
  we have them in autralia . 
  [ look ] ( http://www.westons.com/acatalog/col946d.jpg ) . 
  do a barrel roll, 
  biological would n't be the right way to put it but i have two potential answers for you :, 
  1 ) there 's an evolutionary benefit for the female of the species ( or whichever makes the large investment in child birth ) to have mating be monogamous as it increases the chance that the male will stick around and take care of the child . 
  2 ) jonathan haidt ( psychologist ) talks about morality as a combination of 5 constructs : care , fairness , loyalty , respect and purity . 
  i would suggest that it may conflict with a couple of those . 
  i think you 're confusing manipulation with your brain making assumptions based on incomplete information . 
  for example , if you ever watched a movie that was actually what your eyes see , you 'd throw up from the shakiness . 
  your brain makes several assumptions and shows only part of the picture as a way of making reality cogent . 
  this thread . 
  right but a social construct wherein one can pay for sex would be counter to a drive for monogamy and relationships . 
  i did n't say it was the logical conclusion , i said it was possibly a factor . 
  as for which construct it violates , purity seems obvious to me . 
  exercise , cuddling my so , red wine and/or a good podcast/audiobook while playing ps3, 
  because when you wake up after the dream has ended you 're far less likely to remember it . 
  as for why it 's always a good part , i 'd say that 's the availability heuristic . 
  i have the weirdest cucumber right now, 
  `` are there any common foods that you do n't eat ? '', 
  from an evolutionary perspective the member of the species that makes a larger sacrifice to procreate ( in our case women ) they have an incentive to be selective/monogamous as opposed to outwardly sexual and attempt to be poly-amorous . 
  i would suggest that that 's an element of it . 
  as for why it 's seen differently , it may be an element of the just world fallacy ( also known as blaming the victim ) , which basically says that we do n't like believing that the world is chaotic or unjust . 
  my guess is that the social norm of males as sexual predators would intensify the just world fallacy as it is more novel . 
  note : i do n't have any evidence for either assertion , i 'm just applying concepts i know . 
  my virginity . 
  i found it 20 minutes later though . 
  what the fuck ? 
  when did i say we should ban it ? 
  it was a genuine question that i was pondering . 
  ca n't remember the name of the study it 's from but we just talked about it in my lecture, 
  i do n't know the figures for smoking but in australia alcohol related illness costs the government ~ 900million a year but they get 2billion in taxes off it . 
  pretty ironic quote from a devout christian, 
  when did i say he was stupid ? 
  is it hard being really , really ridiculously good looking ? 
  marketing . 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  that 's not nearly convoluted and creepy enough . 
  firstly , i did n't downvote you . 
  secondly , i did n't say i had evidence , in fact i specifically said that i did n't . 
  i was basing it off an evolutionary psych book i just finished but did n't want to claim i had good evidence for it because i do n't . 
  thirdly , you 're hugely straw-manning what i said . 
  i said nothing about rape being a disorder or men not being responsible for their actions . 
  i would never say that because it 's ludicrous . 
  op asked why it 's more common and i suggest a biological difference in sex preferences based on the knowledge i had . 
  if you re-read what i wrote without adding in your own interpretation of what you think i mean , i hope you 'll see i was n't absolving anyone of responsibility for terrible acts . 
  i 've heard evolutionary psychology theory called ` just so ' theory because it kind of fits anything you want to fit it to . 
  i 'm naturally skeptical of anyone that says they have an evolutionary cause for an action because it 's ( especially in the case of psychology ) generally conjecture . 
  my aim was to give an answer that may help illuminate the discussion but tried to be clear i was n't given anything ` true ' . 
  no you simply ca n't take it . 
  you forgot the part where everyone has to take pictures of them having fun so everyone on facebook can know how much fun they had . 
  being attracted to just beauty is n't shallow because of the genetic element . 
  it 's shallow because it does n't define who the person is . 
  i 've always been a picky eater ( did n't eat cheese until recently ) so i 'm still very new to pizza . 
  additionally , i 've got high cholesterol so i have to be really careful of eating it despite it being my new love . 
  so when i do occasionally buy one , it 's insane and over the top . 
  my last one , was better than the $ 110 steak that used to be # 1 . 
  the thing to remember is that some people are taught ( often by their parents ) that the measure of someone 's worth is their professional achievements and wealth . 
  money ca n't buy you happiness but it can buy you a helicopter to take you directly to where happiness is . 
  last week i put the toilet seat down . 
  serious answer : i do n't think i 've done any huge gestures but i try to do lots of little things to make my so feel loved . 
  for example , i write her lots of little notes , buy her flowers when she does n't expect them , clean the house when she 's out etc. 
  having sex with my dad . 
  go on ... 
  i went through a depression for a few years and i always wonder what would 've happened if i did n't have my breakdown . 
  i 'm in a really good place right now and at the end of the day i do n't think i could 've gotten to where i am without having that experience . 
  so , i do n't think i 'd change anything . 
  actually , for reasons i wo n't go into , i know how many times they had sex in the month i was conceived . 
  ( scientifically proven to be efficacious ), 
  meditate . 
  write down the things you 're most proud of that happened that day . 
  write down your thoughts/feelings, 
  it 's really important to work out whether something public would embarrass her too much . 
  i know my so would be mortified if i did it when lots of people ( especially her friends/family ) were around . 
  i just threw up in my mouth a little . 
  iquit, 
  in terms of drinking * quantity * that can be ( at least partially ) attributed to men being more prone to self medicating emotions . 
  no such think as a stupid question because they all lead to new knowledge !, 
  just downloaded it . 
  seems great .
