  no you may not . 
  talk to a psychologist and work through these feelings, 
  ca n't give you a link because i 'm at work but the ` it 's not your fault ' scene from good will hunting makes me cry like a little bitch, 
  because certain things are personal preferences whereas in other situations there are standards . 
  for example , i do n't think it makes sense to ask how someone wants their chicken cooked . 
  if you have any special requests or preferences that are n't normal ( my so likes her eggs overcooked ) , you can always ask . 
  well , this one time , i was about to leave my job , so i went into my manager 's office and politely thanked him for employing me and gave my notice because i 'm an adult . 
  i can literally taste your bitterness, 
  i study psychology and i can tell you that a huge chunk of what i see on tv/movies is horribly innaccurate and/or very outdated . 
   is that a ghost ? 
   the end . 
  the ratings would be incredible . 
  if it 's affecting that person , they should make an appointment with a psychologist . 
  meditation can help though . 
  it would n't be a secret if i confessed it, 
  has also been shown to create structural changes in the brain . 
  if your `` friend '' is interested , read the book mindsight by daniel j. siegel ( he 's a ucla researcher and psychiatrist ) . 
  healthcare is also a human right . 
  infrastructure and experts cost money, 
  it does have man in the name at least, 
  muhammad ali was n't even the best boxer of all time . 
  he was amazing and incredibly charismatic but he was n't the * best * . 
  my vote is for a sport you probably have n't ever watched . 
  sir donald bradman dominated cricket in a way no-one has ever dominated a sport . 
  his batting average at the end of his career was 99.94 , the next highest of all time is 60.97 . 
  `` learn to use the search function '' - imnotjesus, 
  could be an opportunity to educate him or ( more likely ) others watching, 
  paranormal implies something outside the laws of science . 
  given that such things do n't exist , i ca n't have experienced any . 
  if i were to experience something that was currently unexplainable , it would n't be paranormal it would be just without sufficient explanation . 
  just made a big batch for my dinner at work :, 
  roast pumpkin and carrot mash ( with oven roasted onion and garlic mixed in ) on the side of pan cooked chicken breast with a dukkha coating . 
  fap to it . 
  honour his spirit . 
  he 'd want you to . 
  why does it matter if people think you 're funny or interesting at a party ? 
  this is just an internet version, 
  what am i ? 
  i 'm more powerful than god , more evil than the devil . 
  you ca n't see me but if you eat me you 'll die . 
  [ nothing ] ( / spoiler ), 
  tea making robot, 
  wine is normally stored horizontally, 
  it 's not about him sacrificing his life as a punishment . 
  the reason for it is that you want the captain there until the last moment trying to rescue the hundreds of people on board . 
  if the captain leaps off at the first sign of trouble he potentially misses a chance to save people . 
  my guess :, 
  [ number 3 . 
  he knows that if number saw 2 of the same coloured hats , he would know that his own is white . 
  since he has n't answered and he knows the person in front of him has a black hat , he can deduce that his is white . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  if a bus driver thought a crash was imminent and tried to climb out of the bus , he would get into shit too . 
  same goes for pilots . 
  it 's not a question of punishment , it 's a question of prioritising safety over the captain 's want to flea . 
  for the third time . 
  the saying does n't mean that he needs to be punished with death . 
  i 'll never forget my grandmother 's last words to me : `` what are you doing with that pillow ? '', 
  really ? 
  i think it 's an empowering thought . 
  the sheer unlikeliness of me ever existing mixed with the power to create any sort of meaning in my life is an incredible gift . 
  i have this one life to live that i can do whatever i want with and choose how to make it joyful . 
  i think it 's funny that we often confuse control over your emotions and an absence of emotion . 
  true control of emotion comes in experiencing them and using your emotions to in a positive and constructive manner . 
  restricting them is as much control as being dominated by them . 
  oh , what i said was in no way a criticism of you and i sincerely apologise if you took it as such . 
  to black it out , put your text in [ here ] and then do ( / spoiler ) with no gap after the [ ], 
  i log onto reddit . 
  i do it because i 'm addicted, 
  `` thanks and enjoy your movie '', 
  i did not work at a movie theatre at that time . 
  reminds me of a prank that ross noble talked about on stage . 
  what you do is go to the supermarket and fill it with like 15 bottles of vodka and one bag of nappies . 
  when it comes time to pay , say `` oh shit , i do n't have enough '' and then look at your trolley for a little bit before picking up the nappies and taking them back . 
  is that the story of you meeting your girlfriend ? 
  that just makes licking her creepier, 
  could you be a little clearer on what you 're asking . 
  are you asking about the difference in neurochemical responses between anxiety and the adrenaline of a fight ? 
  are you asking about how anxiety can become generalised ? 
  are you asking about the nature of phobias or irrational fears in general ? 
  are you asking about why people become scared of fear itself ? 
  or is it all of the above ? 
  do n't talk about those topics with him, 
   i do n't know whats worse , being famous because you had sex with someone on tape or being famous because you are the sister of someone who got famous for having sex on tape . 
  how is that being a vile backstabbing asshole ? 
  if anything you could say a whore but you just wanted an excuse to talk shit about a circlejerky target . 
  ignore the facebook posts , tell him you 're not interested in person . 
  if you ca n't talk to him about anything else , stop hanging out with him until he ( hopefully ) gets over this phase, 
  reddit is n't that user-friendly for a first time user unless you have someone showing you around . 
  do n't stick your dick in crazy, 
  do n't forget . 
  let him know you 're not interested and if he ca n't hang out with you without talking about it and you do n't want to hear about it , just ignore him until he 's through the phase, 
  i never leave the house without my keys , phone wallet , ipod . 
  keys and phone in right pocket , wallet and ipod in left pocket . 
  and his lambda-lambda-lambda membership card, 
  i 'm an australian and i 'd never heard that slur . 
  we have areas full of bogans ( our version of rednecks ) who are fairly racist but the vast majority of our population lives in the big cities, 
  from talking with a few friends about it , it really seems like there 's quite a large variation based on nerves . 
  some guys last ages when they 're nervous , other guys pop instantly . 
  i did n't cum the first time because i was nervous . 
  there 's no such thing as a `` cure for cancer '' .
