  or perhaps i 'm wrong ? 
   i do n't think age has any sort of effect on his voting behaviour . 
  well you need to spend more time around the elderly . 
  there 's an old phrase in english that i ca n't quite remember well enough , but it 's words to the extent of a parent care 's about the next 15 years , a grandparent cares about the next 50 , or something . 
  older people are usually very clear sighted and focus on sustainability of an idea more so than quick-fix career politicians . 
  that 's one of the whole reasons behind the british house of lords [ that and they could n't be bought because the ` bribing threshold ' was totally beyond the reach of the commoners in the 17th century ] ; the experience of years is n't ignored or forgotten in the short-sighted zeitgeist and fashions of the young , and i think you 'll find that institutional memory is regarded in high esteem around the world . 
  i agree with cbfw86 that politics could do with more wisdom , and like s/he says , wisdom does n't come any other way than through age . 
  and using words like gerontocracy is just pathetic . 
  grow up , bellend . 
  i for one do not put it past the french . 
  not the same thing at all . 
  the rights and well sing of the adopted child come before all else . 
  please do n't twist my use the word ` children ' to mean all children in the household . 
  it 's a glaring straw man . 
  in other news the brics continue to surge in credit ratings , bond yield rates , and economic growth . 
  just keep swimming . 
  just keep swimming . 
  just keep swimming swimming swimming . 
  tough luck . 
  the rest of society can tell you what to do as long as there 's a majority opinion . 
  you do n't like it , move away . 
  i 'm getting tired of this . 
  i want i to all hit the fan just for a change of pace . 
  given that the eurozone is at the bottom of the league tables in almost every metric then yeah the us is doing better than us . 
  yea it seems like my tongue in cheek comment flew beneath the radar . 
  i was more commenting on the fact that this place is anti-austerity and pro-socialism to the point that it hurts . 
  generally i agree with everything atheistmil says . 
  usually . 
  i think he 'd make a good mod and i do n't really care about it beyond that . 
  fortunately the other guy took the flak for my comment . 
  we need a good fiscal conservative whose not a total asshole . 
  if only for symbolism that this place is n't a complete echo chamber . 
  i thought they were all free for udner-25s ? 
  i think it 's to do with the scottish referendum highlighting that scotland would n't be ` british ' after the referendum . 
  ( but they still would be inhabitants of great britain . ), 
  a free account lets you read 5 articles a day . 
  that 's enough for me usually . 
  it 's rare that reddit will post 6 in a day and i hardly ever care enough to read it every day . 
  if i * really * want to read it i 'll usually buy one at the train station in the morning . 
  anyway , sign up for a free account . 
  the french did this conflict wrong . 
  all wrong . 
  they should have set up a giant base in the most dangerous province in the country and sent soldiers over in droves , dragging it all out for 10 years . 
  i 'm so disappointed . 
  the subtlest straw men are the best . 
   get the eurozone crisis going again did it end ? 
  i must have missed that . 
  as someone with a master 's degree in anthropology , environment and development from ucl , take it from me , the environmental lobby is batshit insane and for the most part disgracefully hypocritical . 
  they are all pushing agendas as shamelessly as any political party . 
  ( i remember going to a function at the palace of westminster at the end of 2011 and rubbing shoulders with the lobbyers . 
  put me off the whole thing so much i now work for a large multinational looking at spreadsheets all day . 
  at least i can keep my morals by being honest that it 's just a way to make money . ), 
  and the eu is no gold standard on environmental laws at all . 
  want to know the major driving element of the bushmeat trade in west africa ? 
  eu fishing practises . 
  when they over-fish around europe they subsidise fishing trawlers to go to the south atlantic off the coast of africa . 
  this depletes fish numbers meaning that african fishers fish less . 
  with less fish on market stands people turn to alternative sources of protein , namely bushmeat . 
  you should also take a look at the recent butter mountain practises if you have a moment . 
  it saves the eu money but keeps developing countries down , forcing them to resort to environmentally damaging practices ( such as anthropogenic fire ) to make any kind of living . 
  this author is off his fucking rocker if he thinks he can in some way hold up the eu as some shining light on environmental practices and then , using that as a base , paint cameron and the tories as evil pollutionists based off a carefully selected words in carefully selected speeches . 
  and the guardian is losing quality if it 's going to run this shit as if it 's serious . 
   can i add to your list , though ? 
  go right ahead , mate . 
  we could also consider the wonderful expression of european solidarity ^ tm when bmw flogged rover for a tenner and destroyed our motor industry ... 
  they 're all progressive or liberal . 
  the un tried this . 
  most oecd countries said no . 
  he said what you 're not supposed to say . 
  that makes him an honest politician . 
  how is that going to play out amongst other politicians ? 
  there 's a reason they 're all pissed at him . 
  and les echos can just piss off . 
  i 'm just dying for someone with a bit of a voice to call the french out on all this * a la carte * bs . 
  the danone law , the shocking lack of rule of law when they sent romanians with legitimate visas home and refused them entry to france along the italian border because france is basically racist , the whispers/rumours that they want to break up schengen now , finding a work-around at all costs after the european constitution was voted down in a landslide in a referendum , the deafening silence at the plight of spain , the temper tantrum and spontaneous mudslinging at the uk over the credit rating thing a while back ( honestly , where the hell did that come from ? ) . 
  it 's just insulting , especially when they hold themselves up as shining examples of ` good europeans ' . 
  and then , after having actually shamelessly cherry picked for a good long while , they give us hell for suggesting that we might actually like to start cherry picking in the near future , after we 've made it legal to do so with approval of all the other eu members ? 
  honestly , sort out the hypocrisy and i 'm pretty sure ukip would dissolve over night . 
  just play fair . 
  be open . 
  well that just makes the hysteria all the more delicious to the taste . 
  it is opt out . 
  when you set up a new internet connection you are literally faced with something like this : http://i.imgur.com/awadoce.jpg and everyone is shitting the bed claiming that it will lead to censorship of the entire internet . 
  in reality , parental controls have always existed . 
  they exist on the wii , for god 's sake , the most family friendly games console of all time . 
  the only difference is that this is placing a filter at the socket , not the software in the family pc . 
  and that makes sense , given that there are increasing numbers of devices hooked to the internet in any one household . 
  literally all the tories have done is move parental controls further upstream . 
  that 's it . 
  and the world 's voyeurs are convinced it 's the end of freeze peach . 
  wo n't somebody please think of the porn !, 
  they have virtually no impact on the day-to-day life of most britons . 
  most of the people scared of calling up their isp to have the filter switched off are n't even old enough to have a utilities contract yet . 
  but your response is also part of the standard response already too . 
  i do n't know what to believe any more . 
  i do n't care . 
  this shit is normal now . 
  it 'll pass in time . 
  ask anyone old enough to remember a previous period of terrorism , like my relatives who lives through the troubles . 
  shit happens .
