pretty much this, 
  political theatre to put the brits in their place for the popcorn munching federalists . 
  what 's he going to do ? 
  use his extensive experience to turn our nation into a tax haven ? 
  are you new to / r/europe ? 
  that 's the big problem . 
  unions ruined it or everyone in the uk . 
  they continue to piss people off . 
  when a trade union can hold the city of london to ransom with transport strikes that is too much of an inconvenience for other workers to garner support . 
  i ca n't stand union leaders either . 
  bunch of crooks on six figure salaries . 
   the english need to be put in their place . 
  by doing what ? 
  taking our sovereignty from us by force ? 
  lol that 'll work . 
  and i blame the french for the way you beat up all those gays in the wake of gay marriage and bulldozed a roma camp . 
  it is becoming increasingly difficult to argue in favour of staying in the eu . 
  given that most if not all the arguments of ` our economy would be doomed ' can be swatted down by simply pointing out that we 'd still be part of the eea , what possible benefits come from staying in a union in which we are n't respected and our opinions seen as ' a necessary opposition ' ? 
  we clearly have no clout or political influence . 
  why stay ? 
  why not just go back to trade agreements ? 
  you could always marry for a passport . 
  well that does n't sound like an abusive relationship at all . 
  `` you 're useless . 
  do n't leave me . '', 
  i 've been around , but still . 
  that post is pretty obvious . 
  the astrazeneca scandal is a demonstration of a lack of regulation , not integration . 
  the british public got angry enough about it for it to not happen . 
  the french can not say the same thing about blocking the danone deal because it went though . 
  additionally , most french people would be in favour of the danone law . 
  this does not disprove the comment that the danone law is an example of why ` deeper integration ' is a waste of time anyway because people ignore it anyway . 
  this post is the perfect example of uk scapegoating in the eu . 
  unbelievable that this has been upvoted at all , let alone to a positive gain . 
  it 's borderline propaganda . 
  no evidence , just pure opinion which shifts blame onto another group . 
  i 'm honestly staggered . 
  it 's also an example of how ` integration ' , a term with fuzzy definition and little substance , is held up as the cure-all panacea . 
  i am beginning to think that leaving the eu is the only possible option for the uk . 
  i also think that that will mean the slow degradation of the union , as it will prompt eu-scepticism in other nations . 
  i do n't disagree with that . 
  what i take issue with is federalists cooing after the idea of a federal super-state like a groom to his bride . 
  there 's no realistic expectations at all . 
  let 's say the use happens . 
  let 's say you 've standardised the small stuff . 
  the stuff that 's easy to standardise . 
  let 's say you move onto bigger things which can be pushed through on ideological grounds . 
  `` it 's fair that education should have a common standard , and greek kids and french kids and romanian kids all get the same standard and system of education , examined to the same standard , '' people will argue . 
  ok , who 's standard ? 
  if you want to go to paris and convince them to give up the bac in favour of another system , to that i can only say your funeral , mate . 
  `` the british can give way , then , '' continentals will say , with the typical diatribe of anti-british vitriol . 
  problem there is , while logistically it might seem ` easier ' to adopt a european bac , you will simply never convince the british to adopt a system of education which pigeon holes kids into a single track at such an early age . 
  our system is remarkably diversified . 
  want to do science ? 
  boom , done . 
  want to do arts ? 
  boom , done . 
  want to do a mix of the two ? 
  want to do english , maths , french , music and physics ? 
  in the uk that 's easy . 
  no-one stops you . 
  you might have a tricky exam timetable , but it 's possible . 
  in france people would look at you like your head had fallen off and you should just pick which track you want ( as my girlfriend did to me when i explained the openness of the british system to her , and why i was taking biology with french at university ) . 
  and if you 're not going to standardise things like education and just float around the fluffy stuff like smoking in buildings and car safety , then why in god 's name are you trying for a ` federal system ' ? 
  what 's the point of a federal , centralised system of government if it 's not going to standardise things from the seat of power ? 
  that 's the whole * point * of a strong centralised government . 
  suppose education is left alone . 
  what are you going to do about healthcare ? 
  should we have universal healthcare paid for across europe ? 
  should the british be forced to give up the nhs and adopt a mixed system like other european countries ? 
  or is a toothless federal government going to symbolically pass bullshit laws about which beds you can buy ? 
  what about driving ? 
  that 's a bit more obvious and would probably happen sooner seeing as though europe is stitched together with it 's roads . 
  what should the federal speed limit be ? 
  should other countries adopt a culture of limitless speed like germany and inevitably see deaths spike as they adapt ( because driving is very much a culture , not simply an activity ) , or should germany have their parade pissed on ? 
  the idea of the super state is so riddled with potholes it 's just daft . 
  have a conversation about how a federal government would actually govern and i 'll listen , but holding up pipe dreams and saying `` no , *** you *** get out , '' does n't endear me to you at all , and if anything makes it easier to cast a ballot to leave you to screw over the poorer countries and keep snapping up former ussr satellite states until you find yourselves in full-blown war with russia . 
  it 's all well and good going to china or latam or africa or even america and looking at europe from the outside and thinking , ` we 're so similar , we should just be a country , ' but from the inside out ways of life are all massively different . 
  a central federal european government adds no value whatsoever in how the society in which i lead my life is governed if all it 's going to do is dick around ` respecting the differences ' of its members . 
   i fully accept , however , that if juncker can form a parliamentary majority , then he should become commission president . 
  anything else would be a shambles really . 
  if that happened we 'd leave . 
  that 's not me making a threat . 
  that 's just acknowledging the simple fact that giving that much power to the ep with very little say so from the british voters would make even more people baulk and want out . 
  it 's all well and good hammering on about democracy and european elections , but when entire nations are being dragged along in a direction only 5 % agree with , is that really democracy ? 
  is a five year election cycle with a small number of seats really that significant as a representation of the people ? 
  i 'll honestly be surprised if cameron does n't get his way . 
  jokes aside , this is really close to the bone . 
  where are you from then ? 
  your flag says uk but you speak of the british in the third person . 
  e. why was i down voted for asking a question ? 
  the trick to british humour is that the punchline must always be one of two things : 1 . 
  the british way of life 2 . 
  the french, 
  define `` forward '', 
  my feelings !, 
  yeah but viviane reding is a total cunt though . 
  i 'm pro-eu because i think we 're better together but i 'm getting the distinct impression that we should just leave . 
  i 'm tired of the scathing pointing fingers from continentals because ` we 're getting in the way ' of grinding greece and portugal into the ground in the interest of german prosperity while spain gets paid off with a $ 10m fund to fight immigration . 
  why bother sticking up for a balanced eu that serves all equally when people are practically begging us to let them give up their sovereignty and start taking orders from the germans ?
