  we should just leave and let them get on with their racism and censored internet . 
  russian seamen all over france, 
  that 's basically better than coming first place . 
  hahahaha !, 
  ok . go start a business without credit . 
  go build a new supermarket like aldi or lidl in a deprived area ( thereby making life easier for the poor so the middle class lefties can feel better about themselves ) without credit , without that kind of capital expense impacting on the rest of your business . 
  go buy a house without a mortgage . 
  what a bunch of fucking bullshit . 
  banks are a facilitator , not a money generator for governments . 
  to say that they contribute nothing to growth is such populist bullshit it is embarrassing . 
  can someone explain the hype around conchita wurst please ? 
  drag acts have been celebrated for decades , dame edna being a notable example . 
  why has conchita seemingly been embraced and held up as a symbol of gay rights and the progressive movement ? 
  is there something i 'm missing ? 
  accidents are unpredictable . 
  spain have this locked up . 
  agree completely . 
  there is nothing more smug than en englishman . 
  agree 100 % . 
  but it will never happen . 
  marriage is no longer a social institution , is largely seen as a fruitless waste of time for the weak-minded and/or religious , and all those stats that imply that children raised by married parents fare better in the education system are skewed somehow by an erroneous methodology and in time we will disprove them all with a single tetchy study which cagily suggests that there is no gap between school performance of kids raised my single parents and those raised by both . 
  and that study will be heralded by the left wing objectivists as the dawning of a new age , and proof that the old paradigm of traditional families is antiquated and good for naught . 
  but all that aside , i secretly dream that the government will allow transferable tax allowances for married couples . 
  it would make our lives so , so , so much easier . 
  in the round i believe that the * persecution * of snowden is unwarranted . 
  i believe he should have a fair trial but that is frankly impossible . 
  however , i agree with what you say . 
  `` speaking the truth is not a crime '' is not an accurate maxim , and if has had enough time to think about things ( and it appears he has if he can articulate events by saying that a moral duty to act was created ; that demonstrates a bit of mulling over has at least been done ) then he should know that peddling that idea as universal truth is tantamount to it 's own brand of propaganda . 
  this is starting to turn into a flame war of equally exaggerated ideas . 
  `` speaking the truth is not a crime '' is something a child believes . 
  * british bulldog . 
  so many holes in the knees of trousers . 
  fortunately i went to a good school where the teachers made us wear it properly , so we did n't have chavs running around chewing off their top buttons and wearing their ties up to the middle of their chest like dickheads . 
  i was put on uniform report for having my shirt untucked too many times . 
  i do n't begrudge anyone for it either because now i have self-respect . 
  i know that board game , but by a different name . 
  and i hated biker mice from mars . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  it 's bloody impressive to say the least . 
  i just wish it would be used to freedom fight . 
  i 'd enjoy seeing some leaked communications among energy companies over the last few years showing collusion to price fix . 
  the bankers did it with libor , i think you 've got to be a special kind of naive to think that it categorically is not happening among energy companies on the principle that it 's not happening . 
  you do n't need to translate them . 
  you just set the flash scanners to identify the trigger words in the language they were transmitted . 
  wow . 
  that 's some really good press for hollande . 
  should have hired me . 
  i 'd have done it for one hectare and let you keep the other . 
  the street value is pretty good right now . 
  we 'd have both gained . 
  how much are you paying the sheep ? 
  tell that to france, 
  not as funny as the one about punching chewbacca in the mouth while mugging a donkey . 
   `` first they posted this comment , but it was the first time is read it so i did not speak out . 
  then they posted it again , but it was only the second time , so i did not speak out . 
  then they posted it a third time , but i was not a third time so i did not speak out . 
  and when they posted it ad infinitum , there was no one left to speak out for me . '', 
  re : demographic differences slide no surprise on the impact of a university education and the importance of being trained to think critically . 
  matches what we currently understand and what is clear from the literature . 
  am surprised to see that women are more culturally supremacist than men , even if very slight . 
  is this biological ( i.e. 
  are women more likely to be protectionist because of their maternal instincts ? ), 
  or is it because more boys go to university than women in these countries ( possibly because families prioritise the boy 's education over the girls because they girl ` can always become a stay at home mom ' whereas the boy ` will have to provide ' ) ? 
  interesting to see the rise of the right in the british youth . 
  you 'd expect to see younger generations more open and less elitist than older participants . 
  britain bucks this trend ( both perceived generally and demonstrated in the other countries in the study ) in the that slide . 
  if you ca n't recognise that then i shudder to think what you think about other things . 
  fair enough . 
  fluff . 
  nothing of substance , just a hyperbolic denouncement . 
  good . 
  i do n't like nuclear energy . 
  i do n't care of its ` clean ' , i do n't care how much it produces . 
  if there is a risk of laying waste to vast swathes of land for millennia at a time perhaps it is not all that clean after all and we should accept it as a stop-gap technology until we find something risk free and put money into researching that , whatever it may prove to be . 
  good . 
  i 'm sick of everyone using every opportunity to peddle their opinion onto the rest of the world . 
  just do your job and stfu . 
  will this affect her chances in the election ? 
  the tracker poll shows little change . 
  you 're not wrong but at the end of the day it 's a case of pragmatism over philosophy . 
  nothing more . 
  a journalist ca n't execute authority over people . 
  they just write a lot . 
  people are more likely to side with newspapers for that reason and nothing else . 
  but i agree that people like greenwald and snowden are narcissistic pricks pushing their agenda onto people because they deem themselves the saviour of earth . 
   i personally believe that some journalists writing there have a sense of duty . 
  is n't that just falling for some kind of appeal to emotion ? 
  so do we applaud the nsa for doing their job ? 
  i 'm all for women being free to choose whatever lifestyle they want , but i get the impression from his thread that people have equated the progressive cry for equality with the demonisation of traditional lifestyle choices as being ` regressive ' . 
  fair enough , but that 's not the ni flag . 
  not looking to cause contention , just pointing it out . 
  still no northern ireland flag . 
  i 'm glad we 've reached the logical conclusion so quickly . 
  lol . 
  i 'm not actually , but i doubt that would wash with you anyway . 
   that 's not what he said . 
  that 's what he implied . 
  he said he was `` totally serious '' that old people were unhealthy , and it was strongly implied that he would n't vote for someone who was old for that reason . 
  do n't twist people 's words . 
  it 's beneath the citizens of firesland .
