* finland . 
  grrrrr ... we 'll get you next time , finland . 
  ... amazing , absolutely amazing . 
  `` the bank of england admitted that it saw `` no evidence '' of a sharp economic slowdown . '', 
  means that the economy is booming ? 
  the fuck . 
  the most beautiful part of it is that finland is not even on the list . 
  he ^ he ^ he ^ he ^ he ^ he ^ he ^ he ^ he ^ he ^ he ^ he, 
  / r/websitesofthe90s, 
  i do n't drink but if were british ? 
  right now i would get * wasted . 
  well d66 and cu have some leftish points as well , so they could work together with gl on that one . 
  you 're right in that it will become difficult for gl though . 
  but i suspect that that will be the case for all parties after the next election . 
  yup ... next cabinet will most likely consist of five parties if the current polls are a good indication . 
  five is a lot . 
  it 's impressive how rutte handled both the situation in rutte-i at the end and how he managed to get through with the pvda in rutte-ii for four whole years but five parties is going to be a mess . 
  i will be * really * impressed if the next coalition will sit for four whole years . 
  if i had too make a guess it will be something like vvd/cda/d66 / gl/cu . 
  a mixture of ... well ... everything . 
  i really think that both d66 and gl will want to work together and the cda and cu . 
  and i actually think it might work . 
  those parties are currently pretty straightforward and without drama . 
  pvda is crumbling in many ways , and i doubt that sp will succesfully work together with vvd . 
  denk and pvv are denk and pvv . 
  it 's interesting to think about sgp but with three or four seats i doubt that they will become a part of the coalition . 
  50plus is something i 'm wondering about though . 
  while i can see them becoming big i could also see the other parties leaching of them . 
  i certainly hope they will . 
  i do think that they could become a member of the coalition but i 'm unsure whether they will . 
  i do n't think rutte will want to form a cabinet with the pvv again . 
  however , i seem to remember that he would resign as leader of the vvd if he would n't end up becoming pm again . 
  so * if * that happens , then the vvd * might * form a coalition with the pvv again . 
  however , i doubt that the cda would want to do it again . 
  there was quite a dispute during the forming of rutte-i within the cda . 
  i could see 50plus and the sgp working together with the pvv . 
  however , pvv-vvd-50plus-sgp would probably not reach the 76 seats either . 
  it 's difficult to say what the next coalition will be given how incredibly fragmented the seat distributions are becoming . 
   somehow the wilders voters do n't strike me as the types to go out and protest . 
  in fact , if he were to become to become prime minister , i 'd expect a lot more protests than otherwise . 
  i agree on that him becoming prime minister would lead to a lot of protests . 
  and while i do think that it would be less if he would become the biggest without becoming pm i do think that a few hardcore supporters who have been waiting more then a decade will protest . 
  how hard and big though ? 
  no idea . 
   anyway , it would n't surprise me all that much if there 's another race between vvd and pvda to become the largest , simply because either of those have a higher cap than the pvv . 
  ( for instance , typical d66 voters might be persuaded to vote vvd , but mostly not pvv ) i do n't know . 
  pvda is getting less and less support from mainstream left supporters because of the current coalition . 
  moreover , * two * fractions within pvda has happened this time around , draining even more supporters . 
  vvd might become big again though , it will depend a lot on how much rutte will hold his ground against wilders in the debates . 
  i hope he 'll do well , because although i 'm very much left wing he is a very capable pm . 
  not that i 'm going to vote for the vvd . 
  differs greatly per coalition . 
  some seem to do well and some seem to do not . 
  however , if they do to well it can cause political drama as well . 
  our labor party , the pvda is currently in coalition with our ` normal ' right-wing party . 
  and not everyone in pvda is happy about a lot of the arrangements , as the pvda has moved more and more to the center instead of being our ` normal ' left-wing party . 
  so it seems like that our social party and green party are going to make some wins . 
  it usually happens , though , that someone pulls the plug before the full four years are finished . 
  so while they are capable of working together it does often end in a dysfunctional marriage . 
  i know , and it 's something i 'm really worried about . 
  at the same time , i do think that the majority of the netherlands do not want him to become prime minister , but that wo n't matter to them . 
  there was an article in a dutch newspaper recently how [ populists think that they are the ` real folk ' ] ( https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2016/11/11/populisten-denken-dat-alleen-zij-het-volk-zijn-5245418-a1531488 ) ( it 's in dutch , so you may want to use google translate ) , and that does seem to fit the mindset well . 
  so there will be a lot of protests . 
  2017 will be crossroads for a lot of eu countries , and the entire eu as a whole . 
  i now realize why ` may you live in interesting times ' is supposedly an ancient chinese curse . 
   im pretty sure 2017 will confirm this with a wilders election win and a le pen loss . 
  just want to say this ; we have coalition government so even if wilders 's party becomes the biggest it 's highly unlikely he would become prime minister ... thank god . 
  there are barely any parties that would be willing to govern with him , so it 's very doubtful he 'll get the necessary 76/150 seats . 
  any reputable sources on that ? 
  could n't find something worthwhile ( meaning not tabloid links ... ) but am genuinely curious . 
  ziggo is also known for being awful . 
  i 'd rather describe it as exciting , you never know how far the next bump is going to launch you . 
  or whether you have to follow the first , second or third green light . 
  going to play ftl , faster than light in a minute . 
  great game , have spend hundreds of hours in it . 
  another dutch one : during the last election it became known that a politician lived in egypt for 7 years , and it 's become a meme since . 
  same , i wish i knew more but only had two years of vmbo lessons in history ( or geschiedenis  ) . 
  i do try to learn more and more by myself , but it 's difficult . 
  it did n't exactly help that i always found history boring when i was small . 
  it 's only the last 5 years of my life that i 've developed an interest in it . 
  maybe even longer . 
  remember , some people will want to go back immediately , providing more surplus popcorn in the long run . 
  thanks for leaving , this will provide good laughter in history lessons two decades from now . 
  i prefer kapsalon myself . 
  i lived in madison , wi for half a year and it was actually pretty good there - i 've seen much worse in other countries . 
  from what i 've gathered though , that 's something typically madison . 
  just so many uncertainties . 
  i do n't think i would mind living in the uk otherwise but with all this going on i ca n't see it being a reasonable move for the short-term future . 
  yeah , sorry about that . 
  i do n't really get it either , the criminals who really want it will be here anyway . 
  it 's just getting in the way by now . 
  but obviously , all immigrants are bad and steal our jobs . ^ / s, 
  well , you could go to scotland since they seem to want to leave the uk now . 
  other options would be a nordic country or somewhere in the benelux . 
  you can definitely live there for a while without learning a new language . 
  you will have to learn the local language eventually though . 
  as for how or whether it 's possible , no one knows . 
  the future is incredibly uncertain . 
  well , moving within europe can be done relatively easy , but do you know what kind of major you want to do ? 
  on another note , if you want to live in the countryside france pops to my mind .
