  kudos to you sir for being such a well informed scholar . 
  keep up the good work , buddy !, 
   she has to go . 
  good thing that 's not up to non-germans like you . 
   then again , not acting is acting too . 
  remind me , which other eu countries acted ? 
  so you are saying greece not doing it 's job enforcing the outer schengen border is merkels fault ? 
  well those that are in germany legally can stay in germany and then germany probably also has to step up the deportation game due to people overstepping the boundaries of hospitality . 
  sorry for being a country that attracts poor people . 
  okay . 
   she did nothing . 
  not doing anything is also a form of passive acceptance . 
  so what pretty much every other eu country that is n't directly affected did and is still doing . 
  it 's also obviously up to merkel ( not the eu as a whole or all the eu nations together ) to solve the problem . 
  let 's wait till germany does something and if we do n't like it we are gon na moan , let 's never do anything ourselves , am i right ? 
  try to look at how many people advocate lynching or the death penalty oh boy are you in for a suprise . 
   if you can boss around the eu to accept immigrants apparently we ca n't or did i miss something and someone started growing up and taking responsibility ? 
  you can be , it depends on the way you express it . 
  having nasty thoughts is certainly not illegal , especially not in germany . 
  whether it 's a nasty thought or a nice thought or a despicable thought does n't matter ; you ca n't make thoughts or opinions illegal . 
  yes , let 's make having nasty thoughts illegal !, 
  good thing we live in a part of the world where believing things does n't get you into trouble and where people can think whatever they want to think . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euronews  naguib sawiris , an egyptian businessman , is chairman of its supervisory board, 
  one is expressing your opinion and the other one can be hate speech / agitation . 
  the difference is that one acts indepent from the government while the other one is operating in the name of a government . 
  there 's a difference between the russian government spreading propaganda vs a private news agency . 
  the difference is that rt for example is state funded and its only purpose is to spread propaganda . 
   the creation of rt was a part of a larger public relations effort by the russian government that was intended to improve the image of russia abroad . 
  [ 29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rt_ ( tv_network ), 
  i 'd love an example of western * state * media operating in russia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rt_ ( tv_network )  rt states that it merely offers a russian perspective on global events . 
  [ 3 ]  the creation of rt was a part of a larger public relations effort by the russian government that was intended to improve the image of russia abroad . 
  does the west try to spread it inside russia though ? 
  not a completly delusinal dumbfucked retard / your average englishlad with an inferiority complex ? 
  yes , before the 4th september 2015 nothing happened and then came merkel !!!!!!!!, 
  other than that stupid germany ( and france ) are the only countries that do n't cut their foreign aid and do n't take the refugee budget out of it . 
  the fact that you are actually trying to argue that refugees coming to europe is merkels fault makes you a completly dumbfucked delusional retard to be honest . 
  the fact that you try to pretend like the uk is doing anything positive to solve the problem makes you a completly dumbfucked delusinal retard too . 
  should 80 million people have the same amount of votes 20 million people have ? 
  every country , despite size gets one vote !, 
  just like in the ancien r\u00e9gime !, 
  it 's not about bribing being ok , it 's about the way you try to shift the blame . 
  do you understand that you can only bribe someone who is corrupt , you ca n't bribe someone law-abiding and honest ? 
  it 's two people doing something wrong , the fella taking the bribe is not a victim . 
  are you sure that you understood that ? 
   the majority of the blame is on the one giving the bribe . 
  okay . 
   germany disgusts me , it took the pressure of the us and half the current eu to get germans to even stop allowing bribes to be a business expense . 
  okay . 
  dear every european country between germany and the schengen border , no problem for helping you out instead of you having to deal with them alone . 
  dear rest of europe not willing to contribute anything to solving the problem , expect me to personally move to bavaria and vote csu so maybe one day you know what it actually feels like if germany starts to not even give the slightest about the rest of europe . 
  yours , germany, 
  well , you implied that killing someone and giving someone a bribe can be compared . 
  it can be compared if the person getting killed wants you to kill him , otherwise it ca n't so your example was fucking retarded . 
  germany does n't impose laws on others . 
  germany does not and can not force any sovereign nation to do jackshit . 
  maybe , just maybe some people in europe / / r/europe should try to find a cause for a problem that is n't the mean mean eu or mean mean mean germany . 
  you ca n't bribe someone who is n't corrupt . 
  locals are obviously more than willing ( maybe expecting ? ), 
  a company giving a bribe in order to get an advantage is unethical and wrong . 
  a government official who takes the bribe instead of nailing down the guy offering the bribe is between those two the `` worse '' person and is not a poor victim of a mean german who forced him to take a bribe . 
  maybe other countries should for once take some responsibilty instead of spending their day whining how the mean germans are not corrupt themselves but are totally exporting corruption to a bunch of innocent yuropoors . 
  also  as of 2006 , an estimated 75 north koreans were employed at various polish firms in the baltic sea coastal towns of gda\u0144sk , gdynia , and sopot , including some working as welders at the famous gda\u0144sk shipyard where the solidarity trade union was founded . 
  the workers ' salaries are paid to a holding company which is suspected to share the money with the north korean government ; they are accompanied by supervisors who speak fluent polish but do not share in their work . 
  they live in a dormitory in olszynka and are taken directly to their job by bus ; they have no contact with their neighbours . 
  [ 3 ] there were also some working for no pay on in kleczan\u00f3w on the farm of stanislaw dobek , the president of the polish-korean friendship association . 
  [ 8 ] when informed of the long hours the workers were required to put in , seven days a week , and the possibility that their salaries were directly funding the north korean regime , ministry of labour and social policy vice-minister kazimierz kuberski claimed that there was nothing he could do . 
  [ 9 ] in june 2008 , north korea dispatched a further 42 labourers to cities in northwestern poland to engage in construction work . 
  [ 10 ] in 2016 a report concluded that as many as 800 north koreans worked in poland and that north korea earned gb # 1.6 billion a year from workers sent abroad worldwide [ 2 ] ( gb # 1 billion in another source [ 11 ] ) . 
  it 's scary . 
  :( especially incompetent fuckheads like in w\u00fcrzburg and ansbach who do n't even manage to kill anyone other than themselves with an axe and a bomb . 
  super sceri :(, 
  yes , they mysteriously appeared in germany without crossing any outer schengen border in some other place in europe . 
  clearly the response the rest of europe wanted so badly was germany to either completly lock their borders to refugees so the rest of the eu can deal with it or even better germany to seize and take control of all outer schengen borders and not let the towelheads in !, 
  i 'm sure everything would be totally different , that 's why there basically were n't any refugees inside the schengen area/europe before september 2015 !, 
  the most commonly consumed bratw\u00fcrste are probably made in germany though ;p, 
  as i said hiring a hitman and bribery is not comparably . 
   foreign companies corrupting the locals maybe the countries should make sure their representatives are n't corrupt . 
  the intention to do something ( demand 14 billion ) which would put the bank out of business was still stated . 
   the doj has already said any fines will be calculated so as not to put db out of business . 
  official agencies should make their intentions clear and be sincere ; publicly stating you are going to demand a payment a bank ca n't make will make the stock of that bank get fucked , which puts the bank dangerously close to actual collapse . 
  the bad thing is n't that something bad happens to the bank , because it fucked up , the bad thing is that this particular bank is `` too big to fail '' . 
  clearly bribing someone who is willing to be bribed and treating women like shit and buying slaves are fair analogies . 
  clearly an ambassador and a company are comparably institutions/positions with the same responsibilities and goals . 
  killing someone and bribing someone who is willing to be bribed ( corrupt ) are two entirely different things and you do n't get to push the majority of the blame on the guy who bribed someone , you put it on the one that is corrupt . 
  clearly bribing someone who is willing to be bribed and killing someone is a fair analogy . 
  so what you are saying is that while the mean germans are n't corrupt themselves they take advantage of corrupt government officials in other countries . 
  those corrupt not-german government officials make germany corrupt ? 
  makes sense , i will share my new acquired knowledge on the facebook asap !!!!, 
  the `` cure '' that the countries took whose economy is doing fine now ? 
  suggesting that throwing money out of the window maybe is n't the best way to go ? 
  how dare those pesky germans impose their shitty frugal ideas on others !, 
  also the fact that germany was totally alone on that one , not supported at all by anyone !!!, 
  ** especially not the netherlands !!!!, 
   just another example of germany 's corruption destroying europe . 
  word !!!!, 
  when did that happen exactly ? 
  it 's common knowledge that the deutsche bank can only pay up to around 5 billion us-dollars and they threatened them with a 14 billion us-dollar fine . 
   no-one should pay tax , taxes simply impoverish all of us okay . 
  i think everyone could use a bit more frugality and bratwurst , do n't you think ?
