  the solution of v4 ? 
  let germany come up with a solution !, 
  thank you for your input , v4 !, 
  to be fair berlin sucks in a lot of ways and most of berlins , frankfurts and bremens problems do n't necessarily represent the state of the rest of germany . 
   do you not see this as de facto illegal ? 
  they do n't have any legal pressure so no . 
   do you think islam is in need of reform ? 
  i think that there should n't be preachers and mosques funded by saudi arabia in the western world and i think that while fundamental religion does not have a real place in a secular society you can not just `` outlaw '' it . 
  i think islam the way it is practiced in albania is absolutely applicable in the western world . 
  that was the point i was trying to make . 
  i would support any party that has ( realistic ) solutions . 
   terrorism has achieved the goal of making the public displaying of muhammad de facto illegal . 
   here in america , south park ( who shits on everyone ) received credible death threats for wanting to display muhammad in one of their episodes . 
  they pussied out , censored the episode , and later apologized !, 
  that is a problem . 
  do you disagree ? 
  the state should be abe to protect its citizens right to express their opinion in any legal way . 
  them censoring themselves without any legal pressure is their own responsibility . 
   i should n't have rights because of my political opinions , which i tried to humorously express . 
  it was n't meant that way , but it seemed to me that you were advocating for different levels of rights among citizens . 
  i also do n't mind any form of legal immigration and i do n't think that the afd is currently proposing any realistic and vital solutions . 
  i would be happy if there was at least some sort of common border control and more cooperation between the police / agencies between schengen countries . 
  ideally all the countries surrounding the schengen area would have their own actually intact borders , unlike libya right now for example . 
  i 'm sure that 's exactly what turkey is like . 
  i am not aware of a country called `` you 're an idiot !, 
  i do n't understand why , enlighten me . 
  obviously . 
  well , the vote of a citizen of a 20 million country counting 4 times as much as the vote of a citizen of a 80 million country does n't make a whole lot of sense to me . 
   the only way to `` stop immigrants from entering the schengen area by sea '' is to let them die or kill them on sight . 
  does this sound acceptable to you ? 
  it does n't and i think that it is absolutely right that people are getting saved from drowning . 
  i also think that the outer schengen border should be a shared responsibility and that it should be really really hard to illegally enter the schengen area . 
   i certainly would n't . 
  because you are a weak pussy . 
   because terrorist will most likely attack you at some point . 
  again , you being afraid is part of their goal and it is possible because you are seemingly a wimp . 
   people like you would rather have eu broken up because i do n't oppose freedom of movement and naturalization ? 
  does france not ever grant citizenship to immigrants ? 
  hmm let 's see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_france#comparison_with_other_countries_from_european_union shocker , france has nearly as many citizens with an immigration background as germany !, 
  and they even have the same rights as other french citizens and enjoy freedom of movement ? 
  shocking !, 
   before discussing with you i would vote le pen , and the remain to the referendum they promise should they get elected . 
  i will vote le pen + leave . 
  and i support the choices you make as a free sovereign citizen who shockingly has rights ? 
  all merkel has to do is hold a press conference and say `` bleibt drau\u00dfen , wir wollen euch nicht ! '', 
  and the refugee crisis will be solved ? 
  let 's call her and make it happen !, 
  ok that makes sense , let 's just do nothing , we will throw refugees already here into the ocean and everyone else who enters national waters will be shot . 
  the leaders of the free world . 
  germany can make people german citizens . 
  france is a sovereign nation that can freely decide whether or not it wants german citizens to freely go to france . 
   article 1 [ human dignity -- human rights -- legally binding force of basic rights ] ( 1 ) human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
  ( 2 ) the german people therefore acknowledge inviolable and inalienable human rights as the basis of every community , of peace and of justice in the world . 
  ( 3 ) the following basic rights shall bind the legislature , the executive and the judiciary as directly applicable law . 
   article 16a [ right of asylum ] ( 1 ) persons persecuted on political grounds shall have the right of asylum . 
  the government can try to wriggle out , but due to those pesky constitutional courts they will have a fairly hard time . 
   they were n't trying to get to italy . 
  that 's just completly wrong . 
   interesting , because if there is one government in europe that is constantly shifting blame but never wanting to deal with their own incentive structure exarcabating the crisis then it is germany . 
  that 's completly wrong too . 
  yes , but germany is obviously responsible for the eu and is the only one that has to come up with solutions . 
  which means any country on the outer rim of the schengen area is dicked . 
  good solution . 
  and they would n't have come through the balkans if the outer schengen borders in greece and ~ ~ bulgaria ~ ~ were `` tight '' . 
  yes , i already said that above . 
   the reason why they get fewer is because the way they enforce their laws makes it very hard , if not impossible to get asylum . 
  obviously you do n't approve of that . 
  yes , it is highly hypocritical to promise people protection but then trying really hard to not grant it to them . 
  if you do n't want to follow up on what you say , you should n't say it in the first place . 
  lip service is despicable and saying `` we do n't want ayslum seekers '' is alright , saying `` sure we can take asylum seekers '' and then in reality preventing anyone from actually claiming asylum is beyond despicable . 
  practically ? 
  probably . 
  in theory and realistically ? 
  which is the reason why it 's important to help stabilize certain regions so people do n't have to become refugees in the first place . 
  i do n't consider freedom of movement or the sovereignty of nations a problem . 
  the same goes the other way around , any of the terrorists in paris or nice could have easily moved anywhere in the schengen area . 
  in terms of citizenship every country can make its own rules whom to grant citizenship so every eu country can `` chose '' who gets access to other eu countries . 
  considering you have to have a job , speak fluently german , ca n't have been convicted , have to have lived in germany for 6 years and confirm your commitment to the free democratic constitutional system before getting a german citizenship , they probably wo n't be troublemakers . 
   made its rules for asylum very open and attractive ... the rules structure was designed to take in many people , just as it is now being tightened to take in fewer people sorry for having the constitution we have , really sorry bro . 
  if any country has an upper limit on ** asylum ** ( not immigration ) then that 's despicable . 
   go vote afd no . 
   france define who has the right to be german ? 
  certainly not . 
  germany indeed , just as every sovereign nation , has the right to grant someone citizenship or not grant it without any other nation having any fucking say in that matter . 
   killings that happened in last months in germany are we going to link the 3 occasions a towelhead killed a fair skinned blonde german ? 
  the us and france do n't get critized for their policies yet they seem to be victims of quite a bit more towelhead aggression than germany . 
  i think the reason other countries do n't want to contribute because they are leechers but well , what do i know . 
  maybe `` does germany try to spread propaganda inside russia ? '', 
  would 've been the better wording . 
   in the eu you mean , free movement of population . 
  if they get german citizenship ; if their asylum request is denied they ca n't even leave certain areas inside germany legally . 
   germany probably also has to step up the deportation game damn fucking right so does france and maybe france could try to produce a few less terrorists . 
  how nice of you to allow me to vote for whatever i want . 
  especially nice hearing how bad germany is / has become from a yank . 
  easy as that , you should be a negotiator . 
   they want sharia law to be accepted . 
  i 'm sure terrorism helps them achieve that goal . 
   many germans will vote merkel out in the next election . 
  you certainly are an expert on germany and its politcs !,
