  data from your source is from an internet survey about feelings . 
  http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/crime/violent-crime/murder-rate-per-million-people http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/germany/poland/crime https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate also from your `` source '' :  contributors : 424 784 lol shall we focus now on poles committing crimes in germany vs germans comitting crimes in poland now ? 
  shall we ... ? 
  wan na compare poland and germany ? 
  shall we ... ? 
  i personally doubt the expertise of anyone involved in the purchasing process in the last few years . 
  and the bundeswehr does n't have people whose job it is to negotiate with manufacturers . 
   antagonize and make enemy from ee and in 20 years you will have russian led coalition and probably war you ca n't win . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  i think just noticing that her current ministry is n't competent and hiring consulting firms makes her already better than both thomas de mazi\u00e8re and karl-theodor freiher von und zu guttenberg . 
   gysi is part of die linke which is what disqualifies him anyway . 
  i think she 's fine in the defence ministry . 
  also she gets to be compared to thomas de maizi\u00e8re and karl-theodor maria nikolaus johann jacob philipp franz joseph sylvester buhl-freiherr von und zu guttenberg . 
   god help us all if that stubborn man ever becomes chancellor . 
  he 's too old and not the type to campaign . 
  can i opt for none of those two groups ? 
   actually , no . 
  the top-level comment was about gays in general being offensive to allah . 
  this is not a statement about gay marriage specifically , but about muslim views of homosexuality in general . 
   and there are neither civil unions or marriage in poland because it offends god . 
   mate , i 'm not the one going on and on about how funny my le joak was . 
  i never did that , i assumed that what he wrote was either a bad joke or a retarded statement . 
  therefore what i wrote can be seen as a correct statement or a lighthearted joke , which then made you derail and try to start a discussion about muslims , christians and gay , which i am honestly not really open to . 
  someone thinking violence is alright does n't make them violent and de facto when talking about european islam you would usually talk about islam in albania and you will see that muslims in albania are n't that horrible . 
  again , since you did n't seem to fully grasp the concepts here : the thread is about why same sex marriage is not a thing in germany . 
  the gentleman above hinted that it is because gays offend allah . 
  this is either a false nonsensical statement or a bad circlejerk-dae-germanistan-joke . 
  which is why i replied to him ( due to his post history refering to poland ) , that in poland same sex marriage is not a thing because of a vastly conservative christian majority . 
  which for some reason triggered you , because it 's not allowed to compare islam and christianity . 
  the eastern euros that come in the winter for some sweet break-ins and robberies ? 
  why would same sex marriage offend those ? 
  hmm even if we add a million , arabs would make up like 1.5 % and i do n't think they would care more about whether it 's a civil union or a marriage . 
   also , it 's impossible to accurately account for non-eu migrants , because , you know , not all can be bothered to register themselves . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_germany#foreign_nationals_in_germany huh , here i was thinking most immigrants are from other eu countries , dumb me lol . 
  you mean eastern euros ? 
  again , we are talking about same sex marriage . 
  and as it is , hardcore christians are opposed to it , just as most muslims are opposed to it . 
  so what i wrote is indeed factual right . 
  there is honestly no reason for you to be that butthurt . 
  other than that your pettiness is fairly embarassing . 
   as opposed to the peaceful way it 's practised in europe yes ? 
  human rights and dumbfucked liberal bullshit like that . 
   if libya is really such a terrible violent place http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/news/special/2016/newsspec_13573/img/libya_militias_976.png?v=1 the green part are people we can talk to . 
  the rest is a clusterfuck . 
  you just solved the crisis sir !, 
  let 's give this man a ~ ~ coat ~ ~ plane to athens . 
   we should have un inspected camps maybe someone who 's a un security council member can make that happen ? 
   your government needs to present the country as xenophobic that was never implied . 
  the implication is that they do n't pull their weight . 
   as the european commission is currently reviewing the eu budget , the greek and italian prime ministers have warned the visegrad group [ ... ] so it 's greece and italy now , but germany is the mean overlord destryoing yurope . 
   refugees germany invited just because foreign press pretended there was an invitation , does n't mean an actual invitation was ever expressed . 
  refugees have been a thing for spain , italy and greece for a long time and they got dicked because of the dublin agreement . 
  germany took some of the burden off them and asked other eu / schengen members to try to contribute too . 
  there is no reason to be this offended and delusional . 
  no one is getting blackmailed though . 
   `` do what i want or i take away everything we agreed to give u before '' that was never said or implied . 
  you have absolutely no understanding of the current situation . 
   if that 's your idea of a joke , then apparently you are the reason for the stereotypes about germans and humour . 
  at least 19 people apparently thought of found it funny . 
   they do n't need to be in order to have an impact on legislation . 
  gay people are a small fraction of the electorate as well , yet they are able to garner political support beyond their pure numbers . 
  muslims got a huge lobby in politics in germany . 
  okay . 
   still funnier than yours , mate . 
  at least 28 people felt different . 
   `` poland is equivalent to muslims when it comes to gay people ! '', 
  that 's not what i said . 
   and in singling out marriage rights so as to portray poland as being on the same level as muslim societies again i never said that and even if i did i dont see a lot wrong with it . 
   because god forbid anyone say something not nice about poor ol' islam . 
  i can do it for you . 
  islam in the way it is practiced in most of the middle east sucks and there 's a large portion of towelheads getting triggered easily . 
  which does n't make them responsible for the non-exisiting same-sex marriage in germany . 
  other than that the young gentleman you are defending even agreed with my statement . 
  no need to get triggered , limey . 
   makes people hate germans more . 
  and then your suprised when eeu does n't just play along with your demands . 
  in terms of v4 , those are also the demands of italy and greece . 
  if telling other people what your position on something makes you hate not only him , but all of his country , that 's sad . 
  germany does n't want to control the eu , as a matter of fact the vast majority of germans and pretty much every major political party would prefer it if the rest of the eu would start taking more responsibilites themselves . 
  other than the fact that i was just making a lighthearted joke , there are between 3 and 5 % muslims in germany , while poland is 90 % catholic . 
  those 3 to 5 % muslims in germany probably are n't cdu/csu or afd voters , so his joke does n't have a basis and is not funny . 
  other than that the question is about same sex marriage not about how lgbt-tolerant people are . 
  you just made a bunch of baseless claims , you are n't making a point or something . 
  also interesting that i am a `` germany nationalist '' . 
  hhig, 
  okay buddy . 
  that 's what you said , not what i said . 
  how does that support your point ? 
  france , the uk and italy could n't bomb libya properly without the us either . 
  ultraconservative-far-right-christians with little regard for democracy . 
  okay buddy . 
  yes they can . 
  these parents in particular did n't use any of the legal ways to get an exception for their kid and are trying to get attention . 
  germany prides itself in being highly modern and forward ? 
  what ? 
  when ? 
  armies do n't have anything to do with this , it 's mostly about negotiation . 
  you should read the comments above again . 
  she did n't invite anyone , foreign press just spun it that way . 
  them wanting to go to germany does n't make them germanys sole responsibility .
