https://www.reporter-ohne-grenzen.de/uploads/pics/weltkarte_der_pressefreiheit_2016.jpg http://www.cato.org/human-freedom-index additionally every media outlet in the us seems to have the dick of one of the two main parties in their butts and in their mouths :(, 
  how can yurope be part of a free world if it is n't free tho ? 
  i am eternally grateful , that mr. sir factsdomatter spends his precious time enlightening us poor yuropeanz . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/508vwg/what_do_you_think_of_nigel_farage/d72t4ih  i have mastered the german language - factsdomatter, 
  according to you europe is n't free , so it 's not part of the free world , so yurope obviously is n't part of the us empire . 
  :( wish i was part of the us empire tho , the chocolate y' all got is some fancy a1 high class stuff . 
  colony - a group of people who leave their native country to form in a new land a settlement subject to , or connected with , the parent nation . 
  well , it 's not like gay people are prevented from having biological children ? 
  they can make a kid with someone of the other gender and then have their civil union partner adopt it ? 
  adoption and marriage are human rights in the us ? 
  also torturing is a human rights violation in germany . 
  is that not the case for na countries ? 
  things that could happen versus things extremely likely to happen , because all the circumstances are given . 
  other than that i did n't make the original claim . 
  yes it indeed is , watson , but the soil is fertile . 
   so where they say they 'd shred workers rights , lower corporate taxes and repeal regulations if they want to remain highly competitive outside the eu they will probably have to do some of those things . 
  well , people associate all kinds of liberalism with liberalism and when someone advocates exclusively for economic liberalism people often call it neoliberalism . 
  this way you can critize economic liberalism without including social liberalism . 
  i do n't think there is a significant part of any population on the world that makes same sex marriage their number one priority . 
  believe it or not , some people think about themselves before they think about others . 
  if that makes germany not be part of the `` civilized world '' then so be it . 
   the rest of it is insignificant bullshit in comparison to this massive human rights violation . 
  marriage is not a human right . 
  and neither is adoption . 
  you ca n't be serious calling everything but same-sex marriage `` insignificant bullshit '' . 
   when a user here calls a pro-gay politician an `` idiot '' and `` borderline retarded '' [ ... ] so i 'm wondering what maas did -- apart from being pro-gay -- to merit this i strongly assume he did n't say that because of his intention , but because he sees him as not competent enough to achieve his goal . 
  i think it also has something to do with the medium , he is anonymous on the internet . 
   germans normally are n't that passionate about politicians that 's not true . 
  in general , the reason why a lot of high ranked spd guys get a lot of hate is because it is supposed to be a social-democratic party , but has been doing a lot of neoliberal politics which is why people who used to vote spd now strongly dislike them . 
   my first post wasnt serious . 
  well , i doubted that . 
  you do n't seem to grasp the situation . 
  they had the opportunity to send their kid to school instead of him attending the fieldtrip . 
  they kept him home . 
  they got fined . 
  if that 's outrageous in the rest of the world then so be it . 
  point being if they did n't want their kid to not attend they had a lot of ways to achieve that . 
  they went for the attention-whore `` i am a victim '' way . 
  i ca n't tell if you are being serious to be honest ; can you clarify whether you are being serious please ? 
   how can you like or dislike any politician really ? 
   they run the administration of the government . 
  it 's not something to get worked up over . 
  i mean they usually also stand for some sort of political ideology . 
  i would actually insist on a number of more factors than homicide rate to rate a countries dangerousness . 
  i hope you understand that both the claim `` all countries are dangerous '' and the claim that germany is among the dangerous countries is ridiculous . 
  polish criminals are n't really something i care a lot about , but i got the impression of a `` holier-than-thou '' attitude from you so i brought it up . 
  i 'm pretty sure that some people refer to politicans they dislike as far worse things than `` idiots '' , but idiot and incompetent is probably a pretty common thing to refer to politicians you perceive as incompetent . 
  people only call politicans/people idiots in the us ? 
  people only express the way they feel about parties in the us ? 
  he probably means the  wow . 
  this is how americans talk about politics . 
  are you sure you 're not american ? 
  part . 
  i do n't understand it either tbh . 
  which again , would make every major country in the world dangerous which is a ridiculous claim to base a discussion on . 
  i am not ignoring anything , but are we now going to talk about polands role on crime rates in germany in general ? 
  i mean you sort of just ignored that . 
  we could obviously also stop being petty . 
  well , our links contradict each other . 
  and your `` data '' should be based on the data i linked , from the bka . 
  and the point that the claim germany is a dangerous country compared to pretty much any major country is still ridiculous . 
  according to your statistics the homicide rate in poland jumped from 1.2 to 0.1 and then again to 0.7 . 
  and as i said , if you consider germany a dangerous country , that makes pretty much every country dangerous . 
   no , i didnt read it , i dont speak german . 
  convenient , considering chances are that original data on crime in germany will be in german . 
  where is the source for that tho . 
  i also do n't think you had time to read https://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/broschueren/2016/pks-2015.pdf?__blob=publicationfile yet ? 
  https://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/broschueren/2016/pks-2015.pdf?__blob=publicationfile shows that violent crime is now lower than 2007 . 
  also what you linked shows that poland still has a slightly higher homicide rate than germany ( 0.78 vs 0.70 ) . 
  which makes poland dangerous i guess ? 
  people caring about their personal savings . 
  shocking . 
  he is right that maas is incompetent/useless and that nothing will come out of this for a variety of reasons . 
   in many cultures attacks ad personam ends the conversation . 
  i never attacked you . 
   when i found us agency which rates crime in poland as `` low '' and in germany as `` medium '' . 
  which you believe ? 
   from that point you only try to offend me . 
  it 's not my fault if you are sensitive . 
   you accuse me of discarding facts in favour of feelings , yet it is me providing a data to discuss and and you trying to derogate me , your interlocutor . 
  you did n't provide any data . 
  also my point that poles commit a decent amount of crime in germany stands , so maybe you , as a polish person , should keep the ball low . 
  other than that , the homicide rates in poland are higher than in germany so comparing the total crime rate does n't make a lot of sense when talking about danger . 
  someone riding a train without a ticket would n't make my life more dangerous , would it ? 
  you did n't read mine either . 
  berlin is one city and has a high crime rate compared to the rest of germany anyways . 
  crime increase does n't say much . 
  if the crime rate of nigeria drops all the way , it might still be higher than germany . 
  as i said , i have noticed from your other comments that you are n't able to differentiate between feels and facts . 
  feelz  realz for you . 
   what do you mean by that ? 
  that i have noticed your post-factual comments already . 
   you mean thing didnt chage in germany in the last six tears ... riiight ... what do you mean by that ? 
   much more news about violence in germany and that 's why you feel a certain way ; feels  reals for you . 
  other than the fact that good universities do n't necessarily result in all of the population to be educated ; my comment was not meant strictly seriously . 
  i already linked some and in any way chances are that they are n't that far off . 
  in any case if germany is a dangerous country , that would make about every other country in the world dangerous . 
  i 've also noticed your comments in the past already . 
  what does that have to do with  antagonize and make enemy from ee and in 20 years you will have russian led coalition and probably war you ca n't win . 
  you got ta be real thick to say that that what you linked can be considered relevant in any way .
