  apples and ~ ~ oranges ~ ~ pears . 
  dabei sah nach spiegel-online-informationen der staatsschutz kein gr\u00f6\u00dferes risiko i googled it and how is that relevant to  i am sure that if muslim parents made enough noise and got various organizations involved the school would fold ? 
  tough shit , ideological reasons are n't a reason to keep your kid out of school in germany . 
  no homeschooling . 
  so something different happened . 
  good point . 
   when you as people folded ? 
  school is mandatory on every single school day . 
  just like you go to work every single work day , except when you are sick , there are holidays or you 've got another very good reason to not attend . 
  they did n't even pay the fine though and they also had a lot of opportunities to get an exception , but they obviously went for the `` fuck you '' option , which is the reason they are getting dicked and you and me even heard about it . 
  schulpflicht in general , for germans in all of germany , has been a thing since 1919 . 
  it 's not some new law or anything , chances are that your school did n't report properly to the district government . 
  or maybe that was n't 14 years ago and it was n't in germany and you just made up some rubbish . 
  care to explain ? 
  can you point out a case where that happened or are you just speculating ? 
  if having to show up in court for not paying a fine makes germany look bad , i would absolutely love germany to look bad . 
   because obviously the kid is n't a truancy case . 
  the kid was n't skipping school , he was kept home by his parents . 
  that is exactly what truancy is and you ca n't just randomly keep your kid from attending school whenever you feel like it in germany . 
  there is no homeschooling . 
  the headline is n't `` kid does n't want to go on field trip '' , it 's `` parents keep their kid away from school , then refuse to pay fine , which is why they have to appear in a court '' . 
  it 's a decision of the school , not of the state . 
  and there is no homeschooling in germany . 
  if the school makes the visit mandatory and their parents are retarded enough to call the school and not say `` my kid is sick '' , but `` i do n't want my kid to attend i 'm keeping it home '' , then yeah they have to . 
  yes , all girls have to buy a burka for 600 euro and all boys have to grow a beard from their chin to their belly button . 
  it probably would happen in any case of truancy . 
  you can only let your kid stay home if it is sick or if you have another good reason and the school accepts it . 
  i do n't fully understand the connection between your comment and the article to be honest . 
  because parents are being fined for truancy ? 
  and when they refuse to pay a fine they have to go to court ? 
  shocking . 
  there is no direct translation . 
  it can mean `` however , after all , but , anway , indeed '' . 
  schools can make field trips mandatory . 
  also they would n't get fined if they had send the kid to school that day . 
  chances are that they just kept him home that day , which they ca n't do . 
  oh that 's fine too !, 
  well it 's a mix between `` ja '' and `` nein '' and can be used when the answer depends on several factors . 
  i do n't speak polnish , but i am pretty sure that that article is about how poles like ukrainians a lot more than arabs and are scared of arabs or something . 
  oh everything is fine then . 
  they just hate towelheads . 
  the situation in syria and the situation in afghanistan is slightly different . 
  i am sure italy , greece and spain absolutely love the dublin agreement . 
  what about non-ukrainian immigrants ? 
  or foreigners in general ? 
  non-catholic foreigners ? 
  http://www.slang-dictionary.org/australian-slang/tough_shit http://de.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=tough%20shit  used when you do n't have sympathy for someone 's problems  [ ... ] another way of saying bad luck i honestly think this is a really stupid and petty thing to argue about though . 
  well , they may have wasted their monies then :(, 
  http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ceta/ if you do n't want to bother reading a few thousand sites , you will have to rely on someone else to summarize it . 
  you can read the `` original '' summary above and additionally other maybe more critical summaries ; or you can do it like the majority of people against ftas and read speculations only . 
  i do n't think that the average citizen will face negative consequences from ceta , but maybe you can enlighten me . 
  he is not mad at you . 
  are you that sensitive , bursche ? 
   they 're a little late . 
  american abroad will have had to have voted already unless they plan on physically travelling to where they are registered . 
  chances are that either the ad or the ~ ~ gif ~ ~ recording is old . 
  well , if average joe has to decide about things he does n't understand then we got a problem . 
  that 's why average joe voted for some nice people that do understand one thing or another and act on his behalf !, 
   imagine if there was an ad for danish elections in new york ? 
  why , that would never happen - so why does this happen ? 
  right , because americans own the world . 
  if someone suspects a decent amount of danes living in a certain area outside of denmark , there is probably nothing wrong with him trying to encourage / remind them to vote in a danish election . 
  rounding up so someone who would otherwise not be represented is fine . 
  artificially increasing the worth of a vote of someone beyond that is not fair . 
  making a 1.7 % increase expectation does n't really constitute a `` falling of a cliff sentiment '' for me , but if it does for you , nice . 
  i am still saying that i assume that if they said the uk would `` drop off a cliff '' they would be talking about a situation when the uk actually has left or at least started the formal process of leaving . 
  also from your article :  the fund repeated a warning that the uk 's decision to leave the eu was likely to exert a permanent drag on long term growth as it cut its forecast for growth in 2017 [ ... ] the imf warned that growth in the medium term would also be lower _  the uk is expected to be the fastest growing economy in 2016 - but growth will slow sharply next year 2016 is super short term at best . 
  i highly doubt that anyone reputable predicted that . 
  i just assume that they meant when the uk is actually outside and stuff . 
  why would it drop off a cliff just by announcing an intention ? 
  lol le me trolling lol, 
  you do n't see a problem with the vote from one person being worth more than the vote of another person ? `, 
  maybe because some people only know ttip , but not ceta . 
  most of the people who are against either ttip / ceta are against both . 
  period . 
  http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/ttip-ceta-demonstration-101.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbialir15ga http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/tttip-proteste-101~_origin-f493a835-3dcd-44d3-a1ee-ac4d22f11f00.html http://ttip-demo.de/home/aufruf-engl/ as you can see , all of them mention both . 
  it 's not like there are a lot of people who are against ttip , but for ceta . 
  france has support from nato countries in mali and having a bunch of ships in an oversea territory is not really projecting power . 
  let 's put it this way : france , the uk and other european countries are not capable of an invasion , occupation or even intense bombardement of another country , even one as close as libya . 
   but noone likes the representatives i mean someone voted for them , right ? 
   such decisions should go to referendum . 
  to be fair , it 's called bundeswehr , not bundes-dick-around-all-around-the-world . 
   france and the uk are the only two countries who can project their military power beyond their own borders actually even they rely on nato / the us to do that . 
  representatives . 
  we can do this all day , buddy . 
  they have all the power to decide whether they want it or not , your statement is false either way . 
   last week was just theatre to give some illusion of control ** d i c t a t o r s h i p ** wake up sheeple !!!!!!!!!!!, 
  you do n't seem to be the brightest slovenian star . 
  you made the claim that this particular deal is decided above the heads of representatives . 
  as i explained to you , it is a mixed agreement , so your statement is false . 
   isds paralell to the working legal systems depoliticization . 
  case 1 : corporation z from country a has its assets seized in country b. 
  corporation z ca n't do anything about that , it has to ask the government of country a to sue country b case 2 : corporation z from country a has its assets seized in country b. 
  corporation z can sue country b without relying on country a. 
  all it is is an agreement to not discriminate based on where a company is based and in case the company feels it is treated unfairly it does n't leat to a diplomatic dispute . 
  the actual change is who the plaintiff is . 
  a ) the one you made 5 years ago in private to your grandma b ) the one i quoted above, 
  well , ceta is a mixed agreement though , which makes your whole statement irrelevant . 
   the majority of people in most european countries are against this kind of trade deals in other words the majority of people in most european countries are uneducated and have no idea what they are talking about ? 
  are you calling people dumb , buddy ?
