  i 'm looking forward to it . 
  then make it happen buddy . 
  and there are neither civil unions or marriage in eastern europe because christianity does not allow it . 
  well , surstr\u00f6mming is pretty disgusting , but i fail to see how that is relevant to our discussion . 
  it probably is , but it does n't necessarily have the competence to do it and it always ends up as france , germany , italy + the eu doing things , not the eu alone . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2st6dg1myrw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg7xoktyq_8 so no solution proposed by the actual governments of the v4 or others . 
  against whom ? 
  russia has neither the interest nor the capabilites of invading germany . 
  or is it the baltics and belarus looking to invade ? 
  other than that i think it 's great that you agree with me that your original statement was utter bullshit . 
  i meant someone has to convince north african countries to do that . 
  and you know what 's even easier than detention centers in na ? 
  making african countries stable so african refugees ca n't get to the med in the first place . 
  actually germany does n't need the nato for 25 years now . 
  uncle sam carried a big load during the cold war which now is n't really necessary at all anymore and germany saw that it does n't need as big and expensive of a military anymore . 
  other `` partners '' have different interests , like dicking around the world , germany does n't really have those interests and it 's not like the other `` partners '' do n't rely on the us when it comes to their dicking around the world adventures . 
  uncle sam profited more from germany in terms of their military endeavours in the last 25 years than the other way around . 
  integration is unwavering obedience ? 
  yeah , i 'd be willing to pay for a flying carpet too , that does n't make a flying carpet appear though . 
  someone will have to put in the work . 
   proposes a different solution they should do it themselves ? 
  i would welcome it if someone proposes a solution , so far i have only heard `` not my problem '' which does n't classify as solution . 
   yes , how many actual refugees do you think are able to make the journey through the mediterranean . 
  we were talking about how many would still come , not about how many of them have a right to stay or are `` actual refugees '' . 
   sensible policy from the start whose responsibility is it to come up with a sensible policy ? 
  the eu ? 
  who is again part of the eu ? 
  joining a club and then trying to bully the founders of the club out does n't seem cool . 
  maybe those who joined later should integrate ? 
  what 's in it for me though ? 
  i am not making a call , just a suggestion . 
  countries that founded the eu/joined early stay , the rest leaves , how about that ? 
   some people would be still wind up in greece or italy `` some ''  detention centers is that one of those things the v4 is going to organize ? 
   and then there could be some sort of quota system . 
  considering the v4 does n't want any quota system i guess they disagree . 
  alternatively other countries could not let them into the schengen zone/the eu in the first place . 
  even if germany does n't take them they are still in italy and greece and bulgaria and spain . 
  and yes they would be there even if they ca n't get to germany . 
   seems like it got interpreted differently by hundreds of thousands of people . 
  yes . 
  i would absolutely love for you to point out the point at the press conference of september 2015 where merkel actually made a statement that germany would take all the refugees in all of europe  that 's what you should have done a long time ago to send a clear message that you wo n't take people who are n't actual refugees . 
  you 'd be surprised at how quickly the amount of non-syrians would drop if they heard that they 'll be turned down at the border basically letting the countries between mena and germany deal with it . 
  maybe if austria does n't let hungary dump its towelheads to them , hungary will dump them to slovakia ? 
  and there are neither civil unions or marriage in poland because it offends god . 
  visiting a mosque and attending a service are two different things . 
  the school did n't refuse to provide supervision . 
  the parents did n't send the kid to school at all and kept him home . 
  no one who sends their kid to school gets fined . 
   germany , namely merkel is the one responsible for this mess . 
  she invited everyone to come to germany she said that germany will take refugees from hungary . 
   germany is a victim and has to help those poor refugees who have nowhere else to go well , they obviously could all stay in the countries between mena and germany and they could obviously all be send back to other eu countries due to dublin . 
   your media denouncing hungary as nazis for protecting their borders . 
  that 's not true . 
  media denouncing hungary for having a shit border , putting refugees to austria and then building a wall which is useless because `` mama merkel '' had to take care of closing the balkan route and the turkey deal . 
   yes , that 's pretty much what i said . 
  why should we force them to stay here ? 
  that 's not what i said . 
  if you agree to my statement , you also agree that the v4 does n't want responsibilities . 
   why do n't you ? 
  it would be only sensible . 
  the eu should focus on helping people who are actually suffering , such as those in syrian and turkish camps , not ones who are rich enough to pay smugglers to take them to europe . 
  if they pass seven safe countries , they are not refugees anymore . 
  v  if germany took the same approach as hungary , we would build a wall to austria , switzerland and france and put the refugees/asylum seekers/towelheads on trains to the netherlands and denmark and then belittle them for letting in sandpeople and negros while pushing all blame from us . 
  the recognized libyan government only controls a small part of libya . 
  the instability in libya is one of the reasons for the increase of people trying to get to italy . 
   brussels and ** berlin ** are the ones who should deal with it . 
  did i miss something ? 
  since when is germany responsible for the eu and not the eu or the combination of the rest of the eu ? 
   easiest way to `` deport '' them or just make a deal with some poor african country , whatever , i do n't care . 
  we are not responsible for finding the solutions it 's politicians problem . 
  well , we can just put them in trains to the east . 
  we are not responsible for that then , you are . 
  hot potato !, 
  it 's about the ones already here , not about millions of future ones . 
  out of all eu countries currently , which one do you think is doing most to prevent that even more refugees come into the eu ? 
  you do n't want to take them because you know very well that it 's hard to get rid of them and it 's expensive , not because you do n't want to force those poor people to stay in your country . 
  if germany took the same approach as hungary , we would build a wall to austria , switzerland and france and put the refugees/asylum seekers/towelheads on trains to the netherlands and denmark and then belittle them for letting in sandpeople and negros while pushing all blame from us . 
  so your hang up is that it 's just one day . 
  you can actually keep your kid out of school in na forever , because homeschooling is allowed . 
  in germany there is no homeschooling so the whole idea of letting your ideology prevent the education of your kid is not a thing here . 
  flexible solidarity , i 'm pretty sure that 's what the v4 wants and i personally think that they should get flexible solidarity . 
   we 're simply not down to the idea that people who want to go to germany or sweden should be forced to stay here for an indefinite amount of time . 
  i am sure that 's the reason . 
  so germany already is paying . 
  maybe he just does n't like filthy poor people . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/01/20/these-are-the-worlds-best-countries-sorry-america-youre-number-4/ https://www.numbeo.com/quality-of-life/rankings_by_country.jsp http://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/quality-of-life-full-list# http://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/overall-full-list http://country-facts.findthedata.com/compare/1-29/united-states-vs-germany https://www.americanexpress.com/us/small-business/openforum/articles/why-germans-have-longer-vacation-times-and-more-productivity-1/ sorry buddy , but we better now . 
  wrong flair for that buddy . 
  poorer german states get money due to the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich . 
  poorer eu states are not german states though and already get money indirectly through the eu . 
  and i skipped tons of school and never had any trouble . 
  i would be suprised too if my parents started to get fined for me skipping a day or a week school , i would n't be suprised that they get fined if they start talking about how their ideology prevents their kid from attending school . 
   importing masses of unvetted unducated people , possibly carrying dangerous religious-political ideology could say the same thing about eastern euros tbh . 
  i too think flexible solidarity is a great thing and eastern europe should no longer enjoy the benefits of the eu and nato . 
  no one is getting fined for not attending a field trip , they are getting fined for preventing their kid from attending class without a reason and not being capable of getting an exception the legal way . 
  you can keep a sick kid home and you can ask the school if the kid can stay home for a lot of reasons . 
  i personally skipped tons of school and my parents got never fined , because they are n't retarded enough to call the school and tell them their ideology prevents me from attending class . 
   no parent should have to explain why they took their kid out for a day . 
  they could have called the school in the morning and said their son is sick . 
  considering i skipped school a lot and never got fined ( because my parents did n't call the school and tell them i am staying home because of their ideology ) ; no i do n't think it 's weird . 
  these fine people fucked up , they deserve whatever dicking they are gon na get .
