this is what happens in poland too , it made every single movie completely unwatchable for me . 
  you 've clearly never been to townie bars in western wisconsin , or met literally half of my coworkers from a security company i used to be in ... 
  yeah !, 
  there 's a small sorbian community in the neighborhood i grew up in , apparently they 're the last remnants of a much larger group . 
  the regional variety of polish my family spoke , kociewian , is thought to have been influenced by the now-extinct western slavic languages native to what 's now the area around szczeczin ( most notably , they do n't pronounce the nasal vowels \u0119 / \u0105 that are present in all other polish varieties ) . 
  the pomeranian languages were closer still to polish , but * even more * complicated in their vowels , by contrast . 
  i 'm a bit saddened by your lack of reading comprehension . 
  i never claimed how many americans are anti-sikh , because i have no idea what that number is ( hopefully very low ) - all i said was that half of our incidences of sites being attacked or vandalized have been against sikh temples and community centers . 
  it 's especially prevalent in minnesota and wisconsin , which is where i live . 
  if only more americans would agree with you ... they 're victims of nearly half of our anti-immigrant hate crime , because the people fucking retarded enough to commit hate crimes in the first place are also so fucking retarded that they think they 're muslims . 
  the exact same thing was said about my polish ancestors , when they first arrived to the usa . 
  `` spawning '' is n't even done by mammals , much less human beings . 
  and you know what ? 
  for all of the anti-polish hysteria of 100 years ago , all the usa has to show for it are a few scattered metro areas that like pierogi and `` polish sausage '' , and a few utterly terrifying parades where old people speak this crazy weird language that is n't english to each other . 
  god forbid you 're exposed to even a sliver of diversity , right ? 
  that 's why you 're writing in english on an american website ? 
  the day-to-day culture of ancient greek people is long-gone , even though their law , science , mathematics , technology , language , and especially geopolitical organization are still a fundamental part of the fabric of modern culture . 
  men no longer kill one another in pammachon ( although it had an interesting sort of revival in the early usa 's prevalent gentleman 's duels ) , byzantine christianity thoroughly supplanted native religion , their infamous sexuality was thoroughly dominated by the christian definitions of it by roughly 500 ad , athenian democracy was wiped out by the roman conquest , the food became a melting pot of roman , ottoman , and arabic influence , and the language changed greatly under the influence of the various peoples who spoke it as a lingua franca rather than a native language ( most notably , greek grammar is far simpler today than it used to be ) . 
  i see your point and agree with it , but where asia has at least five major cultural spheres of influence ( and has for over a thousand years ) , europe has rarely had more than three . 
  `` roman world '' vs `` greek world '' extended all the way to almost every northern or eastern tribal group , as well , since their trade and cultural exchange reached the rest of the world from one of those two chokepoints - and the roman empire only ever united the two for a relatively brief 476 years before splitting once more . 
  the biggest exceptions are the moors and ottomans influencing spain and the balkans respectively , and central asia 's enormous influence on the plains of eastern europe - most notably , that as thoroughly christian and european as hungarians quickly became on arrival , they were originally an `` invading force '' or `` mass migration '' ( depending on who you ask ) from lands thoroughly under the influence of central asian cultures . 
  tl ; dr 90 % of europe 's land area has most of its modern origins in just one of two major cultural spheres , rather than asia 's five . 
  yep - what 's now poland used to be the homeland of the goths ( germanic tribe , not fans of the cure ) , who mostly migrated elsewhere or assimilated . 
  pomerania used to have dozens of baltic tribes and languages , of which only two now remain - the vast majority were killed en masse in what was basically genocide by the teutonic order , with the excuse that they were non-christians . 
  the vast majority of slavs have their origins in the marshes and forests around the modern belarus-ukraine border , right ? 
  it sounds like you 're in favor of poland 's proposed new policy , or think it 's already become the law . 
  either one is ... not good . 
  [ yep , total crap . 
  ] ( http://www.effectivelanguagelearning.com/language-guide/language-difficulty ) i was only wrong in that there 's now 12 languages considered as or more difficult , not ten ( they added georgian and mongolian ) . 
  same ; i do n't have a very colorful wardrobe . 
  looks like it 'll be that much easier to pick out , i 'll be leaving for poland next week ... 
  true !, 
  korean is actually an alphabet ( and , once you learn it , a very logical and easy one ) , but japanese writing is enough to make an onion cry . 
  you need to master the grammar to form even a basic sentence , as with slavic languages , japanese , and korean - they are all highly synthetic languages , meaning prefixes , suffixes , and compound words . 
  hungarian is also highly agglutinative , unlike any indo-european language other than german , but it 's a feature that 's also key to finnish , korean , and turkish . 
  hungarian is officially one of the ten hardest major languages on earth , for native english speakers . 
  i 'd link if i was n't on mobile - look up the defense language institute 's difficulty chart . 
  since that which makes it so difficult is not shared with many other languages ( it 's in the ugric family , not indo-european or even finnic ) , i imagine it 'd remain just as tricky for the vast majority of other europeans . 
  to be fair , learning hungarian is an * insanely * difficult task , for anyone . 
  it 's not even remotely related to any other european language , except for finnish , with which it shares almost zero vocabulary and an astoundingly complicated grammatical system . 
  it 's as hard as learning japanese or korean , and on top of that , you * do n't * have hardly any history of foreigners trying to learn it , so the vast majority of locals have no idea how to understand a `` foreign accent '' because there simply * are n't any * foreigners speaking hungarian in their daily lives . 
  where on earth is this ? 
  there 's a pretty big russian community here in minneapolis , and the overwhelming majority are vehemently anti-putin . 
  the vast majority of lebanese , eritreans , and palestinians that i know do n't wear any head coverings , smoke , drink , etc. . . 
  that 's horseshit . 
  croatia has been a member for four years and has yet to adopt the euro . 
  romania and bulgaria have been in the eu for ten years and do n't have the euro yet , czechia , hungary , and poland have been in the eu for thirteen years and do n't have the euro yet , and sweden has been in the eu for ** twenty-two years ** and does n't have the euro yet . 
  not only that , scotland would ( as a partial successor state ) be bound by the uk 's opt-out precedent . 
  denmark was also able to opt out of adopting the euro in a similar fashion . 
  [ najlepsze autobusowy ] ( http://www.fairworldautomotive.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/solaris-trollino.jpg ) ( also sharp tvs , the witcher , lots of car and truck parts , and some underwhelming cheap cars ), 
  yep , i use half and half fresh cabbage and sauerkraut ( kapusta kiszona ) . 
  grandma 's recipe was a whole head of fresh cabbage and `` only '' half a jar of sauerkraut , but i like my way !, 
  no dude , when i make bigos it 's got way more kinds of meat ( and less sauerkraut ) , plus a bit of tomato paste and several spices . 
  do iiiiit, 
  literally every single polish entree i can think of has caramelized onions in it . 
  you are of disgrace to fatherland ; - ;, 
  dude , how did you grow up on polish cuisine disliking vegetables ?!, 
  no barszcz , no \u017burek , no chlodnik ? 
  every christmas , we make `` kapusta '' - it just means `` cabbage '' , but it 's really a fatty , savory slurry of deliciousness that goes well with everything . 
  * 1 decent-sized saucepan ( 2 liter + ) * 2 tbsp quality sunflower oil * 4 tbsp butter * 200g [ fatty , smoky bacon ] ( http://0.s.dziennik.pl/pliki/9657000/9657534-tlusty-boczek-900-556.jpg ) ( if in the usa , use [ nueske 's ] ( https://bacontoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/i_nueskes_bacon_ct.jpg ) ) * 1 large red onion , [ sliced thick ] ( https://static1.squarespace.com/static/506c4963e4b04376cb18bfd3/t/5089943ce4b0852b71ea68c2/1430337627648/onion.jpg ) * 1 tbsp honey * 1 tbsp caraway seeds * 1/2 tbsp ground black pepper * 1 link ja\u0142owcowa ( or kielbasa in a pinch ) , [ sliced diagonally ] ( https://dobrakielbasa.pl/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/2_jalowcowa_art_1.jpg?ceed78 ) * 500g ( 1 pound ) sauerkraut , thoroughly drained * 1/2 red cabbage , [ cut into strips ] ( https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-pjuqkxcvvv0/tyoo8btucci/aaaaaaaarum/m_s3j_irof8/s1600/broccoli-stem-snap-pea-radish-slaw-8-kalynskitchen.jpg ) * roughly 1 liter high-quality apple juice before starting anything else , parboil your cabbage in salted water for 1-2 minutes , drain , and set aside . 
  drain and squeeze the living hell out of your sauerkraut until barely any drops of liquid are coming out - i buy mine in plastic bags to make this easier , since you can cut a small hole in the side and just squeeze most of the liquid out of the bag - but if it 's from a jar , you can grab it by the fistful ( with your impeccably clean hands ) and wring it out bit by bit . 
  if your skin is easily irritated , wear disposable gloves when you do this . 
  if the sauerkraut is n't already in small pieces , coarsely chop it a few more times , and set it aside with the parboiled cabbage . 
  heat up the butter and sunflower oil in the bottom of a saucepan on low-medium heat . 
  coarsely chop the bacon , and render until soft but not yet browned . 
  chop the onion into large pieces ( roughly 1x4 cm ) , and add it with the red cabbage . 
  ddd the caraway seeds and black pepper , stirring well , and saute until somewhat soft . 
  add the ja\u0142owcowa pieces , stirring gently to mix . 
  drizzle the honey over it all , stir well , and saute another minute . 
  taste for salt , and add if necessary . 
  add the squeezed-out sauerkraut ( in batches if necessary ) , mixing well . 
  once it 's all heated through ( 1-2 minutes ) , add the apple juice a bit at a time while stirring - how much you need depends on how dry the other ingredients are , but it 's probably going to be about a pint . 
  once you can just barely notice a puddle of juice at the bottom of the pot , cover your saucepan and turn the heat to a simmer for 5-10 more minutes . 
  once there is no more loose liquid at the bottom of the pan , you 're all set !, 
  serve right out of the pan ; preferably with mashed potatoes , some kind of hunk of meat , a good piwo , and toasted rye bread . 
  saved . 
  says the guy whose very existence hinges upon the fact that his ancestors * literally took over a continent * . 
  if you actually lived in europe , and had actual , daily negative experiences with muslim immigrants , i might have a tiny ounce of sympathy for your alarmism . 
  instead , as someone who lives in one of the usa 's majority-muslim neighborhoods ( and has nothing but delicious restaurants , kind neighbors , and a faint smell of berbere in the hallway to show for it ) , i think its fair to say that `` muslim scum '' goes beyond alarmism and well into the territory of vitriol . 
  if you 're really concerned about border security , you 'd realize that a united europe would be * much * more adept at securing those borders in a uniform , reliable fashion than would the current patchwork of variously-funded smaller nations . 
  imagine how ridiculous and awful it would be if the usa-mexico border was secured at the whims of the individual states . 
  how 's it feel to be ignorant racist trash ? 
  whites did n't just magically appear in canada overnight , you fucking spoon . 
  i live in this neighborhood , and am the only white person under age 50 in my whole apartment building . 
  half of my coworkers are somali , and especially the women work their asses off with little complaint . 
  there are certainly problems - the oldest sons tend to be a bit lazy , though not in a disrespectful way , as they tend to be a bit more spoiled growing up . 
  the 20 % unemployment rate is mostly due to the fact that a disproportionate number of the recent migrants are over the age of 50 - aunts , uncles , grandparents , etc. 
  the somali youth unemployment is around 17 % , compared to 14 % average - 12 % for whites , 9 % for latinos , and 29 % each for asians and blacks . 
  community college enrollment is on par with whites , and a disproportionate number of somali women work in the healthcare field whereas the men have almost completely bought out every taxi and delivery company in town ( and started many more ) . 
  yes , people learn from each other 's experiences . 
  not only an idiot would cherry-pick and ignore the experiences that did n't fit their prejudiced view ; an ignorant racist idiot would more specifically be the sort . 
  almost nobody in poland outside of warsaw has direct experience with nonwhite immigrants , and thus their opinions are formed off of other countries ' news reports . 
  sweden is a notorious abject failure in intergrating its immigrants ; they basically just throw them into an empty building , cut them a few checks , and do n't do a damn thing to try to welcome them into swedish society after they have made it to swedish soil . 
  i 'm not sure how well somali immigrants are doing in the uk , but it as definitive of a fact as `` the sky is blue '' that somali-americans are a success story , and are achieving the american dream with no more or less difficulty than other historically impoverished immigrant communities . 
  ( the outlier is asians , buth south and east ; they tend to be the most successful and educated racial group in the whole country ) . 
  i was absolutely flabbergasted when i spent a few weeks in poland ( mostly in gda\u0144sk , rural starogard county , and krak\u00f3w ) and heard how dead-sure everybody was that they knew all about immigrants when i did n't see a single person of color for the first * nine days * of my trip - not even other tourists . 
  old dudes sure liked throwing `` czarnuch '' around a lot when talking about why they 'd never live in the usa . 
  no , but now i want to !, 
  i just know that , if you lose track of your friend anywhere in czechia , under no circumstances should you tell them `` szukam was na zach\u00f3dzie '' . 
  i feel like the fundamental difference is intergration - here , there 's no question that the majority of somalis want to be somali-american , and the only neighbors of mine who do n't like having them around do so for mundane reasons like lots of loud small children or strong-smelling cooking ( my apartment building is half somali families , half old people ; i swear i 'm the only white person under the age of 50 here ) .
