yes, 
  impressive enough , 
  do n't !, 
  our language is hard !, 
  something something parking, 
  hey i am dutch and i love you guys !, 
  really ? 
  i guess we all have our preferences haha , berlin is my number one, 
  guessing you are belgian ? 
  question : why the isra\u00ebl flair ? 
  not a regular on / r/europe but you do have a groningen flair on / r/soccer, 
  haha i thought so . 
  no need to apologize !, 
  is it expected of me that i know which of the states is idaho ? 
  what is a nordic coffee ? 
  utrecht and amsterdam are in favour , den haag and rotterdam against, 
  if enough people wanted this we could . 
  apparently we do n't want to, 
  i think we will be fine actually . 
  educate them and give them a sense of purpose . 
  it 's boredom and despair that breeds the crime . 
  yeah . 
  think we are dealing just fine with the whole situation . 
  to be fair the only bad results of this refugee situation in the netherlands i have seen so far is violence from people protesting . 
  but i might not have been paying attention . 
  we are super important and relevant and people are finally noticing this, 
  spoken like someone who has never been outside of amsterdam city center, 
  if the sea rises our dikes and dunes will rise with it . 
  there are plans to create islands in sea to protect our shore . 
  we will manage , we always do . 
  we can resist a storm that has 1 % chance of happening once every 100 years . 
  you underestimate how good we plan for water trouble . 
  nectar of the gods . 
  oh no problem , downvotes do n't really matter . 
  ah we do n't call that skiing here but langlaufen , hence the confusion . 
  how does that work uphill or on a flat surface ? 
  do n't we ( the dutch ) have like 15 of the top 20 dj 's in the world ? 
  how is clinton better then merkel, 
  well if you visit again be sure to visit leiden which is my favorite dutch city and 10 minutes away from the hague so if you go again be sure to visit !, 
  cool !, 
  any plans on visiting again ? 
  yeah i 've been to haarlem like twice but that one stood out for me as well, 
  [ haarlem is still the same ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/mvwijk/2266923207/in/gallery-therealmcquaide-72157644030382751/# ), 
  freest ? 
  if i was a gay woman who wanted to get married , get an abortian and wanted to smoke a blunt i 'd be in trouble in some states . 
  it 's free in some ways , very conservative and ridiculous in other ways as far as i can judge . 
  safest and freeest country in the world, 
  yes , then you can finally get a gun and protect yourself . 
  yeah lmao delusional people . 
  well actually we do act accordingly . 
  because it 's available it 's less cool and people are in general better educated then in the us for example . 
  europe is on the brink of collapsing !!, 
  what ? 
  that is ridiculous , i do n't believe that . 
  do you have any form of source for that ? 
  i 'm actually going to the ardennen in a month and i am fearing for my safety because of your roads . 
  we do n't drown !, 
  we have the bestest dykes ever !, 
  and great roads to ride away when they break !, 
  do you now ? 
  you 'll be quartered and dragged through the streets !, 
  well at least our finals are a mirror of the stat above . 
  the dutch first , the belgiums second, 
  well they did better at the euros then you guys to be fair . 
  and that 's you guys with zlatan . 
  ha , i 'd like to see us play now that zlatan has retired . 
  hey now , belgium and south korea ( ? ), 
  play it too !, 
  but the final in the wc is always belgium vs the netherlands , and we always win . 
  if that dude is stupid enough to make a one sided bet he has all the right to take it, 
  there 's also peace in barcelona , even after cruijff died . 
  i think he was just listing cities with a b but meant europe as a whole, 
  is is losing quite hard , city after city is reclaimed, 
  you do n't really need funding to buy or steal a truck . . 
  the government is doing everything they can but you ca n't stop every individual lunatic unfortunately, 
  what would you do ? 
  you ca n't stop all individual lunatics, 
  suddenly it 's making me uncomfortable . 
  facebook would n't really be missed i think . 
  lots of other social media that can easily fill the gap, 
  yes . 
  this makes me proud, 
  poffertjes mate, 
  we do but they are still easily available for interested people, 
  maybe a compromise ? 
  dutch ? 
  we already have 2 countries speaking it and for the germans it 's close enough, 
  joke ? 
  our bikes are no joke you bike stealing nazi . 
  we do care , we just value the benefits more . 
  hijabs without question . 
  burka never ofcourse, 
  ha , is hating on limburg a thing in belgium too ? 
  that 's just wonderful, 
  maybe the germans want it ? 
  wilders is married and there are no rumours about histories . 
  the man is under such heavy surveilance it would practically be impossible, 
  haha you go lad, 
  haha , why is it relevant that you 're gay ? 
  eeeeewww,
