  the swiss had to surrender the data when confronted with germany or the us to avoid sanctions . 
  other countries ( like austria ) had to abolish anonymous bank accounts altogether . 
  western companies can not have the majority of subsidary companies which are located in china afaik . 
  i do n't think the traders would choose to become chinas minions just to avoid this fee . 
  there 's a difference between not believing in god and believing that there is no god . 
  if you say that there is no god , but ca n't prove it , you are a believer yourself . 
  55 billion euro only amounts to 2.6 % of germanys gdp . 
  ftfy, 
  never forget 9/11 . 
   i ca n't see how the euro was ever supposed to last, 
  the idea was that the eurozone-members would have to fulfill the maastricht-criteria ( maximal 3 % of gdp annual deficit and 60 % of gdp total dept ) to avoid sanctions . 
  but shortly after the introduction of the euro , germany and france violated the rules and accomplished to avoid sanctions , therefore making the criteria toothless . 
   bigger companies are always in advantage in joint markets . 
  germanys economic power stems mainly from a lot of specialized small - and medium-sized companies . 
  so this is not about the size of companies , but simply a matter of competitiveness . 
  no government is elected . 
  the people elect the parliament , which has the power to make laws and kick the government out of office , if needed . 
   but you ca n't expect the entire country to vocally respond to every stupid operation of a few nutjobs . 
  that 's exactly what germany did this week after they found out that neonazis were behind the `` d\u00f6ner-murders '' . 
  another example : after 2 stupid kids sprayed some signs at a former concentration camp in austria , the whole country discussed why they did it and what could be done to prevent similar things from happening again . 
  the incident dominated the media for at least a week . 
  please consider city states like venice or florence . 
  all their wealth came from trade , they were basically merchant empires . 
  the cities and the whole region bloomed , people became wealthy , art and science flourished . 
  merchants can be huge contributors to the wealth of a nation . 
   but if a country declares war on you , what can you do ? 
  actually , it was hitler , who declared war on the us , not the other way around ( bbc , 11/12/1941 : http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/december/11/newsid_3532000/3532401.stm ), 
  this one is pretty offensive : http://witze.net/tiroler.html, 
  if you do n't understand german , please feel free to ask for a translation . 
  if it 's just about energy , why not solar power ? 
  there 's no lack of sun hours and vast deserts . 
  nuclear power , on the other hand , is obviously a quite risky technology for them . 
   people on the contient are crazy . 
  generalizing much ? 
  the word `` kathedrale '' also exists . 
   page last updated at 12:04 gmt , thursday , 11 december 2008, 
  1 ) yes , it is affordable . 
  most things cost nothing or nearly nothing . 
  teeth and eyes can get really expensive , though . 
  2 ) yes . 
  3 ) that we ca n't keep it that way in the long run . 
  there are more and more old people and the share of paying people is declining . 
  schindler was a german industrialist who saved jews during ww2 . 
  [ wikipedia link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_schindlerjuden ), 
  yeah , let 's just bash the church . 
  never mind that it actually hosts a legion of different aid organizations which help people all over the world . 
  if this truce is only between prisoners , how can it be that the number of murders dropped by 50 % ? 
  i 'm sure / r/conspiracy is waiting for you . 
  it 's always nice to read about other people who want to live in austria , but i fear as long as you do n't speak german you will have a very hard time finding a job in austria . 
   korruptionssumpf, 
   personal-probleme, 
  our green party was founded in the process of successfully preventing a hydropower plant . 
  austria abolished the death penalty in 1787 . 
  back then we were still a monarchy and our leaders claimed to be emperors by the grace of god . 
  so i do n't think there 's a correlation between religion and death penalty . 
  i 'm not surprised he is n't answering if you write stuff like that . 
  you should be a bit more specific and constructive in your critic if you really want answers . 
  nearly all people in austria are able to speak ` hochdeutsch ' , but as long as we speak just to fellow austrians we prefer our dialects . 
  the error you made was using the term ` ne ' . this is as german as it can get and makes people in austria gringe . 
  also , by capitalizing it you somehow made it sound even more german . 
   austrians tend to use the verb ` sein ' instead of ` haben ' when using the past tense . 
  i never thought about it , but i think it 's true . 
  anyway , the only way to learn to speak like an austrian is to live among us , you ca n't learn it by applying some grammar rules . 
  i 'm from the weinviertel in lower austria - that 's north of vienna and as far away from the alps as an one can be in austria . 
  `` viertel '' can be translated as quarter . 
  lower austria consists of four regions , waldviertel , weinviertel , mostviertel and the industrieviertel . 
  my viertel has traditionally many vineyards and imho the best white wine worldwide , therefore the name . 
  it seems there is a misunderstanding . 
  `` imho '' is , as far as i know , an internet-phrase meaning `` in my humble opinion '' , and not some place or trademark . 
  i agree with you that you can get around with your german . 
  `` ne '' would be `` nicht wahr '' in high german , but i 'm not sure what you wanted to say . 
  if you meant `` much fun , is n't it ? '', 
  i would translate it into `` is spa\u00dfig , net woa ? '', 
  in high german . 
  the scandal concerning austrian wine was in 1985 , so it 's a little ridiculous to list it among recent scandals . 
  aside from that i want to add that austria has far more regulations concerning the production of wine than the us . 
  in austria you need good grapes if you want to produce wine . 
  in the us , you can treat the wine with a lot of chemical procedures and still sell it as wine , without any special labeling . 
  where is the towel ? 
  luther did a good job translating the bible - i 'm quite sure there wo n't be much differences . 
  and such dashing , beautiful and glorious troops - a shame we sent them to war ... 
  diskussion auf / r/europe :, 
  most of the time we just married all the princesses which have n't said `` no '' quick and clear enough . 
  it 's no invasion if it 's consensual . 
  if there were n't any princesses , we had to fuck the populace all over . 
  is of minor difference . 
  why is n't st. * helena * a lady ? 
  austrias neutrality has been helpful and the right thing to do during the cold war ( being between the fronts , and even occupied till 1955 ) , but nowadays austrias `` neutrality '' is a joke . 
  no politician will admit it though , because we austrians like to claim neutrality . 
  let 's have a look at the facts :, 
  we spend very little money on military , relying on nato to defend europe and austria . 
  for example we have only 15 fighter jets , while switzerland has more than 100 . 
  we joined the eu ( thus being not neutral in an economic sense ) and the eu battlegroups , which kinda contradicts the idea of neutrality . 
  while we are no official member of the nato , and therefore have no influence on the nato , we have a `` partnership for peace '' agreement with them . 
  this means we participate in nato excersises and comply to nato standards . 
  i would argue that it helped us in the sense that we were n't split up like germany or korea . 
  both sides were content with austria not belonging to the enemy . 
  it also gave us a diplomatic advantage later during the cold war . 
  for example , i do n't think that the un would have chosen vienna as a seat if it were n't neutral ground . 
   all of the ten commandments were punishable by death .
