may i suppose that almost every southern european nation has its own kinda wine nationalism , 
  yep , the definition of technocracy comes from the basic concepts of any society ... 
  but that 's why there should be both well-educated population and pluralistic competition of ideas . 
  in the modern world experts need to be up-to-date and relevant enough , because only theocracies do n't change . 
  the actual political decision you point at ( or the range of possible decisions , better say ) will make some kind of rivalry between the countries in terms of business conditions and time will tell in the long run which policies are better . 
  i get your point , but are there real technocrates in a non-pluralistic , or a non-competitive environment ? 
  i think no , because there happens to be more nepotism and many similar kinds of ties and criteria for choosing and appointing the experts , so the most acclaimed are not necessarily the best among the professionals . 
  even good specialists when becoming part of the ruling elite would try not to confront much but to produce the results and opinions needed to keep their position in society . 
  examples here are the scientific circles in many eastern european countries that were forced to keep to the marxist dogmas only . 
  they had a limited or distorted notion of scientific development in the rest of the world and sometimes whole branches of science were considered unscientific because they did not match the holy scriptures of marxism-leninism : genetics was nothing much than a decadent nazist and racist theory , quantum mechanics were idealistic , there was no greater mind in economics after marx and so on ... and even after accepting them in some way years later , they usually lagged behind the west . 
  so , a democtratic and pluralist society should develop , guard and trust its own mechanisms of appointing its experts , in order to keep them quite independent from the powers of the day or some lobbyists , and therefore delegate them some specific duties but only when needed . 
  i rarely report anyting on fb , but i did so with a nazi-party , a group supporting animal abuse and a few others - but fb did n't stop them . 
  lately , a friend got a ban for some dark nude art photos and surreal/goth pics . 
  what really happens in fb and are the silly censors real people or some bots with the wrong definitions on the things ? 
  well , in early 90s we had boobs like in miss wet t-shirt and early orient-influenced pop music on a saturday morning tv show . 
  actually , kids these days had already got their dose of tv-bullshit training from a soviet man said to have supernatural powers and to charge water from the screen in the late 80s soon before the eastern bloc collapse ... 
  in the middle ages , when some balkan rulers ( bulgarian , too ) invited saxons in order to develop their towns as trade and craft centres or as workers in the ore mines , the locals used to call them `` sass '' . 
  maybe due to the difference in languages and not mixing much in the beginning , sometimes those saxons were considered to be too proud and distant . 
  mine is external  well , i wish things could have gone the way they imagined ... no way , tho , but it 's better to be a nice person after all and keep your internal cynic awake , too . 
  it 's always nice to find parallels in neighbours  here it is because of the willows , maybe - and the reason for using them in many slav countries is that we do n't have palms nor evergreen trees and besides , the willow could have been a sacred tree for the ancient slavs . 
  as for the evergreens , i 've read that some southern europeans use olive branches for decoration and even fortune-telling today ... 
  ... to all roman catholics , orthodox christians and protestants , or willow sunday/flowers day to slavs as it is a holiday for people , named after flowers and trees in my country , and also an ancient remnant of the roman floralia ( that influenced st. george 's day rituals as well ) . 
  be happy , sunny and flourishing !, 
  just to mention - i usually upload only photos i 've made , but this one is not mine , taken from the internet . 
  [ there were changes in the lyrics during the communist regime when they praised ussr , too ( sad story of traitors ) ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mila_rodino ) actually , i 've always wondered why still missing the second stance of the original song about a battle in the balkan mountains . 
  it is related to the serbo-bulgarian war of 1885 but can also be attributed to a long history of defence incl . 
  some of the glorious medieval battles ( in the early bulgarian history this ridge was the natural southern border with byzantium ) and the anti-ottoman rebels ( who used to dwell in the woods most of the year ) ... edit : i 'm sure there are people who love the hymn of the kingdom of bulgaria until 1945 - the military march [ shumi maritsa/maritsa river rushes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oaxc-s45cs ) , but i personally prefer ` dear motherland ' that is still another song written for a major event in the new bulgarian history and a righteous war in defence of the unification of bulgaria and eastern roumelia . 
  great gallery and amazing scenography !, 
  i 'm badass enough to live in a neighbourhood nearby  travelling with tram 22 very rarely because of the tube , but it 's always the same horror in the late afternoon/early evening hours ... 
  but you know nothing about the horror part of tram line no. 22 that becomes such after passing the central baths and zhenski pazar directed to poorer old neighbourhoods . 
  1/3 of the passengers smell of booze and shit , 1/3 are talking to themselves , and the final third at least look like almost normal people . 
  these are imported , too - some german or austrian 2nd hand vehicles - actually after the czech trams , which were brand new then ... 
  think they were wider than the previous ones , idk about rail standards . 
  i still remember the time they began replacing the old ( bulgarian ? ), 
  trams - just because living on a boulevard near the centre , the windows of my living room cupboard stopped to tremble ang jingle with them passing ... we were used to it , though . 
  were n't the rounded orange ones german actually - or at least , the labels inside them ... 
  these are czech wide-rail trams , imported since the early 90s to replace older and noisier trams . 
  in bucharest i 've seen other type of carriages - more worn and angular , but i do n't know if romanians produce or import them . 
  on the streets of sofia soon we 'll have some second-hand green swiss `` cucumbers '' as well ... 
  a strong nationalist for the red wines and a quite a cosmopolitan for the whites here  just wish this map was a bit larger , such as [ that one / courtesy of bulgariatravel.org ] ( http://www.indianwineacademy.com/images/bulgarian_wines/2_large.jpg ) ... you can find more details and explanations [ here ] ( http://www.indianwineacademy.com/item_6_537.aspx ) . 
  clearly nope . 
  it does n't explain the prevalence of hard drinks in slovakia , albania , kosovo and macedonia , neither for bulgaria . 
  we were the closest ally , but not occupied , and only the higher ranks of the communist party members and selected few youngsters were trained in the ussr . 
  each alcohol has its culture of drinking and the balkan way of hard drinks consumption with starters and salads is quite different from russian bottoms-up ... that means bulgarian culture of drinking rakia has developed earlier ( in the ottoman times when destillation was adopted ) and is typical for southern europe as a whole . 
  as for some excesses , such as workplace drinking during or after work with hard drinks ( vodka , so that it can not be smelled , or other booze ) among some clerks , it could have been brought here by russians ... other balkan countries had different influences in the past - much more central european , because parts of romania and former jugoslavia belonged to autro-hungarian empire . 
  i 'm a bit surprised about greek wine ( not ouzo ) and they have nice beers , too ... 
  romanian beer is great , or at least much better than bulgarian lagers - e.g. 
  ursus and timisoreana , 
  slovakia has good wines at great prices , too , but i 'm surprised they prefer hard drinks  did n't like much becherovka and never tried anything different from beer and wine in former czechoslovakia ... 
  the maps are great , but what about [ the alcohol belts of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_belts_of_europe ) , 
  i wonder if there is a correlation between the ways of preparation of coffee and the amount , too . 
  if drinking stronger , more caffeine-concentrated drinks , one could pass the day with less ... and how much raw coffee goes into different types of hot coffee drinks ? 
  turkish ( aka greek , aka kafe na gezve , aka domacha kava , etc. ), 
  and espresso coffee stronk !, 
  europe needs scotch !, 
  go on and be brave !, 
  and what about food quality ? 
  a friend was an exchange student for 6 months in prague . 
  plumpy when she went there , and when i saw her after she came back i was like , `` oooh , you are quite slimmer now , were you sad and lonely a bit and not enjoyed cooking alone for yourself there ( like a lot of people that go studying abroad ) ? '', 
  ( besides , i know czhech cuisune is far from dietary with all sauces and dumplings and fried stuff ) . 
  but she said , `` no , actually i ate a lot there and learned how to cook local dishes , but their food is simply better in quality ! '', 
  ( maybe less hidden fats and so on ... ) then come the physical activity and metabolism . 
  [ karakachan shepherd dog ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karakachan_dog ) - the traditional breed of mountain nomad shepherds , known as [ karakachani ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarakatsani ) . 
  it is sometimes kept as a home dog even in city apartments now , though first you have a sweet fluffy doggy and later you have a small kind of bear  then , maybe comes the [ bulgarian scenthound ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_scenthound ) or bulgarian gonche ( literally ` chaser ' ) , though it has quite a lot in common with the serbian tricolor hound/serbian gonche ( as i read in some hunting magazines in a hostel a long time ago ) , because they were all developed from some medium-sized hunters ' breed in the balkans , possibly dating from the middle ages . 
  edit : spelling and explanations . 
  [ here is one of the biggest martenitsi ] ( http://i2.dir-i.net/cms/2014/03/01/5e_p20q83.jpg ) ever made in sofia - the two soldiers of a communist memorial to the 9.09.1944 coup backed by the red army that established communist rule in bulgaria ( and still stands in borisova garden park , the central park of the capital ) packed in red and white by destructive creation crew some three years ago , 
  well , it 's almost spring , and the birds and the bees and the hormones are filling the air , so let there be love , 
  pendant type of martenitsi often have human shape , so it was meant to look like a woman in a long skirt . 
  it was a quince tree a few years ago in april , i think . 
  actually at that time storks and swallows arrive and trees start to bloom , so one should tie his martenitsa on a fruit-tree branch or leave it under a stone . 
  we still have four seasons here , though sometimes they can be reduced to two : goddamn hot !, 
  and goddamn cold !, 
  amsterdam has a pretty mild weather due to the sea ... 
  happy holiday to you !, 
  tell me more about it , 
  [ and here comes our granny marta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baba_marta ) . 
  overall , she is a nice old lady and brings the spring with her , but sometimes has sharp mood changes - she frowns and she smiles , and thus changes of weather in march are explained , 
  this is an old tradition in the early spring ( 1st of march ) to wear a small amulet ( martenitsa ) made of woven wool threads . 
  usually it is in red and white ( these two colors symbolize health and longevity/wisdom ) and sometimes with few additional colours of the first spring flowers or a blue bead . 
  there were different forms of this amulet - from a simple bracelet , tied on the wrist , to fluffy pendants and human figures of a man and a woman ( pizho and penda ) , worn in different ways depending on the sex and the marital status of the person . 
  there are some legends about the origin of this tradition , linking it with proto-bulgarians coming to the balkans with khan asparukh , but none of them has any written historical basis . 
  actually , martenitsa is spread also in romania and moldova ( martisor ) , macedonia and in northern greece ( i just read about albania , too ) , so most probably it could be traced to an ancient balkan or roman tradition ( in roman times , some balkan inhabitants were said to have worn some special kind of mars amulets , so maybe baba marta was the mighty god of war once ?! ) ... 
  [ here is the wikipedia article for more ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martenitsa ) . 
  so happy spring holiday to bulgarians , macedonians , romanians and moldavians - be white and red , lively and strong , 
  if learned in jugoslavian times , was this represented as a basis for the southern slav unity and brotherhood between serbians and croatians ? 
  we had such attempts during communist times when the invasion of of sviatoslav in 10th c. was said to made bulgarians and kievan russians know each other and laid the foundations of slavic brotherhood . 
  then when emperor john tsimiskes turned sharply against russians in the balkans , some bulgarians fought in his army and others joined the kievan prince , so brotherhood was truly realised . 
  these are some examples of the political use of history and exploiting the facts to prove given political agenda ... 
  i 've watched croatian history series on viasat history and they claim they had been under the influence of the neighboring german states since early times , so basically the first croatian princes served as nobles and generals of the francs . 
  ( wikipedia says the same . ), 
  later , they were baptized into catholicism . 
  at that time , serbia was either trying to be independent backed by byzantium , or invaded by bulgarians from time to time , each attempting to put their puppet prince on the throne in ras ; later they became eastern orthodox . 
  during the reign of tsar simeon i in 927 , bulgarians and croatians ( under king tomislav ) had a battle somewhere in the western balkans ( or near the western borders of the bulgarian state ) and we were defeated , two major bulgarian generals killed . 
  i wonder how croatians represent this conflict in their history textbooks and research . 
  actually , as a slavic language , bulgarian has some kinds of grammatical cases remained , but only in pronouns . 
  we have different forms of pronouns for direct and indirect object . 
  there could be another interesting map for the number of verb tenses in european languages . 
  so , in the way it was simplified , bulgarian can compare to russian , for example ( i 've studied russian , so i can compare to it , not to serbian ) in the way english can compare to german - almost extinct grammar cases vs a large number of them , and many verb forms and tenses vs only a few ... ps : oh , those finno-ugric languages , oh , my ... aaand , basques , i suppose ? 
  no , in fact belgrade ( or old belgrade , kalemegdan ) was in bulgarian lands back then , up to the usce of sava river into the danube . 
  in the religious writings about the lives of st. st. cyril and methodius ' students it is written that after part of them fled out of great moravia , they reached belgrade and went to the commander of the fortress - radislav , who sent them to his ruler - boris michael , the prince of bulgaria .
