   yeah , that 's because of the american system , because inmates are kept on death row , with special conditions for decades before they are actually executed it 's part of a system to minimize the number of innocent people who are wrongly executed . 
  if you execute them after a week and a new witness appears two days later ... well , that 's some bad luck for the guy that was just executed . 
   the death penalty be decided exclusively by a jury , not a judge why ? 
  a jury is just a group of ordinary citizens . 
  like all people , they can make a wrong decision , and i think that the average citizen is more likely than a judge to be persuaded by arguments that sound good but are based on shaky evidence . 
   there are many cases where it is beyond doubt who did a horrible crime and they show no remorse for it . 
  the only one i can think of right now is breivik . 
  but it 's really hard to be 100 % sure . 
  if you are 99.9 % sure , or 99.999 % sure , do you still consider it as 100 % ? 
  where is the line drawn ? 
  there is no such thing as 100 % on a court . 
   well , there are many cannibals who only got to eat one person before they were captured , so would not classify as serial killers , yet it 's still a much more horrible crime than a plain murder . 
  ah i can see your point , although i do n't really think it 's that much worse if they ate the person after they were dead . 
  raping/torturing/mutilating someone and then killing them is in my opinion worse than killing a person and eating them afterwards , or at least that 's how i would see it if i was the victim in that case . 
  this one is certainly up to personal opinion . 
   why invest resources into keeping alive a person that clearly does not have and never will have any value for society because you do n't know if this is true . 
  are you able to say with certainty how you will think and act in 10 years ? 
  how about 20 or 50 years ? 
  if you ca n't answer this question about yourself , how can you answer it about someone you barely know ? 
  is there a maximum timeline for when they can rehabilitate themselves ? 
  maybe you think it 's not worth it to support them if it only happens in 50 years from now . 
  what if it takes 10 years , or a year , or two months ? 
   is a constant danger to other inmates and prison officers i do n't like to ask for sources , but do you have anything that shows that people who receive life sentences are more likely to commit violent acts in prison ? 
  i also want to thank you for debating this in such a polite way . 
  sometimes it 's hard to find discussions where people do n't throw insults at each other . 
  edit because i did n't see your point about breivik before replying : in norway it 's possible to keep a person in prison if they are deemed to still be dangerous to society ( which breivik will probably be ) . 
  it seems like a good way to make it work . 
   life imprisonment is expensive killing them is actually more expensive than just keeping them in prison for life . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/id/29552692/ns/us_news-crime_and_courts/t/execute-or-not-question-cost/#.ty45tlxau8a ) although i believe that cost should not be a consideration when we 're trying to decide whether we should kill someone or not . 
   i do think there are some criminals who can not be rehabilitated no one can be 100 % sure of this , just like no one can be 100 % sure if someone is guilty or not . 
  killing one innocent person is one person too much . 
   cannibals i 'm slightly confused here . 
  if you mean a person who kills other people in order to eat them , is n't that the same as a serial killer ? 
  i do n't understand why you made this distinction . 
   also puts other inmates at risk , because those who get life imprisonment know they do n't have anything to lose there are always worse punishments . 
  get thrown into solitary detention , be sent to a `` harsher '' prison , etc. 
   should n't it be enough to pick another dns server that is n't run by a company subject to portuguese law ? 
  yes and that 's what some people do , but there are a lot of people who barely know how to use technology and they 're now in the dark . 
  the speed at which the website blocking is progressing scares me . 
  i 'm not sure how long it was since the first blocked website , but it might have been less than a year . 
  since then they have used it for way too many pirate sites , uber , and now this . 
  how long will it be until they discover we can easily bypass the blocking and work to fix that ? 
  probably immigrants . 
  i doubt they 're considering the babies who ca n't speak yet as part of this study . 
  there are * a lot * of older people who only had 4 years of education ( 6-10 years old ) , and they did n't learn any foreign languages ( just some basic math , grammar , and history ) . 
  with all the immigration and the low natality rates , those people still have a lot of weight in terms of percentage compared to the younger people who can understand and speak english . 
  it 's strange that you ran into that problem in a place that is as used to tourists as algarve , though . 
  ignoring the `` less developed '' part since i know what you mean ... it 's caused by young people emmigrating because they have no jobs in their native country . 
  they move elsewhere and they build families , have kids , etc. 
  elsewhere . 
  that 's why we need to revamp the way our system works . 
  as it is , no country could sustain 50 % of unemployment . 
  we either change the way our society works to make sure everyone lives life with dignity , or we let them starve in the streets and they will riot . 
  this is n't really an immigrant problem . 
  it 's just a bigger problem if we let a lot of immigrants in , but it 's a big enough problem for the amount of peope we already have . 
  considering that wwii was just 70 years ago , i think a majority of people considering war in europe `` impossible '' is a great thing . 
  still , war does n't have to mean troops on the ground and bombing cities . 
  it starts with hatred , and some of the hatred i used to see ( and here in this subreddit too ) directed from certain countries to others , scared me . 
  somehow it seems to be a lot better now than it was a few months ago , maybe that 's a good sign . 
  that 's partially because we know we wo n't get any significant number of immigrants ; they just do n't want to come here . 
   you can buy fixed amount in 95 % of shops do you mean all shops ? 
  or shops that sell cellphones and stuff like that ? 
  we can buy it in some shops , usually the ones that sell euromillions and lottery tickets too , but we pay a fee when doing that ( 50c if i 'm remembering correctly ) . 
  i mean `` direct transfer '' as in those that do n't need your permission every time , like the house bills and stuff like that , you can authorize them to just take the money from your bank account monthly and never worry about paying on time . 
  i never did it directly from my bank 's site , so i 'm not sure how it works there . 
  probably the same as doing it from an atm , i guess . 
  i mean like prepaid phones . 
  you buy a sim card with a certain amount of $ on it , and then when you spend most or all of it , just go to an atm , input your phone number and the amount , and the funds will be taken from your account and to your sim card pretty much instantly . 
  is this method available in other countries too ? 
  if not , how do you guys transfer funds to prepaid phones ? 
  i ca n't think of anything easier , except maybe direct transfer from your bank amount , but those need to be scheduled . 
  we have `` maintenance '' fees just for having a bank account that work just like that though : if you keep a certain amount of money in your account you do n't need to pay them . 
  we usually joke that this is the money we pay for the bank employer to go into the vault and clean the dust from our own personal bills . 
  portugal . 
  i thought it was an europe-wide thing , even though my country is supposed to have one of the best atm networks in the world . 
  the banks here reached an agreement and the atms are the same for every bank , and you can use the machines everywhere without worrying if it 's from your own bank or not . 
  you can do a lot of operations on them too , like paying bills , transferring money to your cellphone , or creating an instant `` virtual '' credit card to use online . 
  you wo n't pay fees when withdrawing money or making transfers to another bank account , for example . 
  [ more details here if you 're interested , since i 'm bad at explaining this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multibanco ), 
  paying fees at atms when withdrawing your own money . 
  great list , but as a portuguese , i need to disagree with this  30c is too hot to go outside 30c is a pretty standard temperature here . 
  now , 35c + ... that 's starting to get kind of unconfortable . 
  ah i did n't even look at your name , now i see it . 
  :p i figured it was probably somewhere in eastern europe since all the lower prices in this thread are from there . 
  that sounds cheap , which country is it ? 
  abstention is always about 50 % . 
  also the lists are never updated , so it 's fair to say the real abstention is lower than that . 
  if i 'm understanding your idea , it would actually be the other way around : the hour changed so that people have light in the morning , so you would actually change the schedule so they start one hour later . 
  either way , i guess we can both agree that the clock change is a bad idea . 
  edit : typo, 
  no , but if you leave work/school at 5pm , this means that the sunset already happened when you finish your work day , and that 's kind of depressing . 
  the `` portuguese syriza '' is not the communist party , it 's the left bloc ( be ) . 
  they only got about 11 % of the popular vote , while the center-left party ( ps ) got 32 % , so be 's strength in the coalition will be nothing like syriza . 
  til `` silva '' ( portugal 's most common surname ) is actually derived from forest . 
  nowadays it just means `` bramble '' ( the blackberry bush ) . 
  as an example : you can get a small hamburguer ( just the hamburguer ) at mcdonalds for like 1,20 $ here in portugal . 
  it will probably not fill you up because it 's small , but you 'd get far less with 1,20 $ of healthy food . 
  you would too if you had the temperatures we have this week ... 35\u00bac + while standing in the shadow , certainly 40\u00bac + in the sun just based on how much it hurts my skin . 
  :p i do agree on the union , though .
