i had no idea different countries had different approachs to how they list their parties . 
  for example , in portugal the order is randomly selected for each election , which i think is a great idea . 
  i 'm not sure what i think about the slogans ( we do n't have them here either ) , but ... are n't logos useful for people who ca n't read ? 
  portugal tried cet ~ 15 years ago and it did n't go well . 
  mostly because the sunsets were too late and kids did n't want to go to bed at night because there was still light . 
  it 's not that we do n't have good things in our country . 
  it 's that we ca n't enjoy them while worried about money . 
  how can i enjoy that awesome food if i ca n't afford to go to the restaurant ? 
  how can i enjoy the awesome landscapes if i ca n't go anywhere with my car because the gas is so expensive ? 
  i could go outside and enjoy the sun if i did n't have to babysit the washing machine so it does n't flood the kitchen ; and i do n't have money to buy a new one . 
  maybe i 'm just proving your post right . 
  but i feel our place in that list is deserved . 
  i can see the good things in my life . 
  it 's just that they pale when i remember all the little things that are breaking or are broken and are slowly bringing our quality of life down , and i ca n't do anything to fix them , and there 's no light at the end of the tunnel . 
  the worst part is that there is no hope of change in the next months , or maybe even years . 
  i did n't mean to add such a dark tone to an otherwise happy thread , but i wrote it , so i 'm going to post it anyway . 
  thanks for reading this far . 
  it 's not really merkel 's first time either . 
  noooo not the north european work ethic !, 
  next thing i know i will have to stay indoors working because i ca n't stand how sunny and warm it is outside ... 
  there are a lot of ways to get your e-mail address added to these lists . 
  if the e-mail is listed anywhere in the web , it has a good chance to be found by a bot created to search for them . 
  if you signed up to a website with your e-mail and their databases were hacked , your e-mail was leaked . 
  if the company is doing badly , they might sell off that information to other companies themselves . 
  if someone 's e-mail is hacked , anyone in their contact list will have their e-mail revealed too . 
  and my personal favourite : people who forward those funny jokes/missing dog/missing person e-mails while putting everyone in cc , and not deleting the header from the previous e-mail . 
  i actually have a doc with hundreds of e-mail addresses that i saved from a couple of e-mails like that - it had like 4 or 5 different headers with all the e-mail accounts the previous people sent to ... 
  people arriving late . 
  we agreed on time * x * to be here , you 're not supposed to be leaving the house at * x * if you take 10 or 20 minutes to get to the place where you should be . 
  i 'll admit i used to be like this too but now i make a conscious effort not to do it . 
  i have only been late to a meeting * once * this year !, 
  i spotted the northern !, 
  but seriously , i did n't mean it as a bad thing . 
  it just is . 
  people from the north , especially north of the douro river , tend to lean more right-wing ( psd and cds-pp ) , while the south ( alentejo ) usually vote for the communist party ( pcp ) . 
  ^ ( i think there is an historical reason for this if you 'd like me to explain further . ), 
  oh , and people from the north swear * a lot * . 
  regarding big cities vs interior , i feel like the people in big cities tend to be more open-minded towards `` new '' things like gay marriage , abortion or drugs . 
  but you tend to write some of the letters in the word together ( at least i do ) , which does n't happen in numbers . 
  in the end i guess it comes down to personal preference . 
  we do , 2 plus 2 equals 3 here in europe , and we also count everything in base 8 instead of base 10 . 
  when you 're hand writing it 's a good idea to use either commas or periods instead of trying to adjust the spacing between the numbers . 
  i 'll agree with you on the fact that the debt appears to be unsustainable . 
  greece says so too , and one of their demands was that part of that debt was written off . 
  imo that should have been done now instead of kicking the can down the road , because that problem will only grow bigger as time goes by . 
  glad to hear you 're not against bailouts . 
  the problem here is that the conditions that were demanded are counter-productive if the intention is to be able to pay off the debt . 
  it 's like you let someone work in freezing cold to pay off their debts but you demand they sell off their jacket first and then complain they ca n't do any work . 
  austerity measures shrank the greek economy and reduced the amount of money they are able to collect through taxes - for example , businesses going bankrupt pay no taxes and increase unemployment , unemployed people not only pay no income tax but they also receive benefits for some time . 
  less money available for the middle class also means more tax evasion as people need to choose between paying their taxes and eating . 
  these are just economic arguments , i 'm not even going to argue about the humanitarian part , because that should be obvious . 
  increased rate of suicide , increased rate of infant death and death in general as the quality of healthcare in general decreases ; i do n't think these are acceptable `` side effects '' to pay off the big banks . 
  does this really have to be a competition about who has it worse ? 
  i concede that there are countries that are worse off than greece . 
  that does n't change the fact that the conditions imposed on greece are more about punishment than they are about money . 
  this is a political issue - stomp down on the leftist government and force them to accept twice as much austerity as they would propose to a right-wing government . 
  refuse to negotiate until a certain person is removed from the table . 
  refuse to accept proposals that bring the same income to the ones you propose , if they hurt the big money - like an extra tax on large profits , but instead tax both big and small companies the same way . 
  it 's a very clear message to the people : elect politicians who approve of austerity or the same thing will happen to you . 
  that , above all else , is what is pissing me off about this situation . 
   ~ ~ give ~ ~ * lend * money if the debt is not voided ( and there are no plans to do so at the moment ) , you 'll get back what you lent plus interest . 
  that 's a good gift if there is one . 
  when your time comes and you need a bailout , you will get one , just like other countries did . 
  i 'm sure your country gets money from the eu , just like mine does , and like other eu countries do . 
  and you will continue to receive it while you need it . 
  is it that much to ask that other countries that also need money get their share ? 
  i 'm curious - what makes isil a bigger problem for the uk than for the other states ? 
  so if i lose a leg in an accident i ca n't complain because there are people who have no legs ? 
  the greeks signed it under the threat of going bankrupt , having their economy destroyed and their citizens going through a lot of suffering , which included having no material in hospitals and possibly a food shortage . 
  they are in a very bad place and i ca n't fault them for signing it , just like i ca n't blame germany for signing versailles - but let 's not forget that versailles eventually led to wwii . 
  now this would make for an interesting situation . 
  all those finance ministers need to secure a job with one of the big ones before they leave the government . 
  this . 
  ^ making a country `` pay the price '' for their disobedience is the worst thing they could have done . 
  the eu was supposed to be a union for countries to help each other and prevent another war in europe , not to fuel hatred and prejudice . 
  nothing good will come out of this - and at worst the prejudices that this crisis is enhancing will result in another war in europe in 20 or 30 years . 
   there is a physicial difference . 
  the roma are from north western india originally , and look like a mix of 1/4th indian + 3/4th european . 
  what does an european look like ? 
  not in theory , but in practice we all know how it works . 
  what you said does n't invalidate this :  they will find help from another countries like russia the money has to come from somewhere . 
  and i believe leaving the eu is not as far fetched as some may think . 
  especially on the aftermath if greece indeed leaves the ez . 
   had to stand the whole way one journey , on a hot day in the summer , as there were no seats and people were sitting in the corridors , near the doors etc. 
  i thought this was normal for every country , at least on rush hour ? 
  if not , i 'd like to trade this portuguese transit system for a non-crowded one , thanks . 
  was n't this the way it worked a few years back ? 
  what about the old men with their barriga de cerveja ? 
  i had the impression that the prices have been decreasing in the recent years . 
  it still takes away most of the pension if you have one of those low 200-300 $ pensions . 
  yes , and the worse part of this is that the buyer knows you need the money fast , so he might make a lower offer than he would make if he was buying a cow from another place . 
  the same privatization is being done in portugal and i believe we will greatly regret it in 10-15 years , just like today we regret giving money to our fishermen for them to burn their boats 20 years ago . 
  i thought no one took the daily mail seriously . 
  in portugal the price increases with the cubic meters you use ( may vary depending on the city though ) . 
  for me it 's : 0.52 $ / m ^ 3 for the first 5 cubic meters 0.97 $ / m ^ 3 for the 6th-15th cubic meters 1.74 $ / m ^ 3 for the 16th-25th cubic meters ... and no idea after this . 
  then you multiply this number by like 2.5 to account for taxes and water treatment fees and you get your final bill . 
  if i just take the total value/1000 liters i get 2.65 $ / m ^ 3 . 
  i 'm not sure about other countries , but we have plenty of h&m stores in malls here in portugal , along with zara , massimo duti , etc. 
  fair enough . 
  but if my country must resemble either china or the us , i 'd prefer the us ...
