  my pleasure , 
  well adding \u201e republic '' at the end sounds weird to me , so i prefer the short , albeit less used , english name . 
  romanian as well . 
  well , the countries are not my doing , but yeah , they do look nice , 
  my pleasure  ps . 
  actually , i had saved them as . png . 
  imgur added the . jpg extension for some reason, 
  thank you !, 
  whoa !, 
  i did not see that coming !, 
  for me then, 
  this was made by [ hotnews.ro ] ( http://www.hotnews.ro/stiri-international-13666791-infografic-care-sunt-mizele-negocierilor-din-consiliul-european-pozitii-principalii-actori.htm ) a romanian news site , therefore it 's a bit romanian-centric . 
  i found it interesting nontheless , so i thought i 'd translate it and share with you guys . 
  please excuse any translation errors or ambiguities . 
  yes , i know the maps are n't perfect ( finland and slovenia ) . 
  apparently finland should be green in the first map . 
  they produce great humor , and god knows somebody has to counterbalance the germans . 
  pre mid-19th c. italy as well, 
   how about this - `` ballsacks law : as a conversation on the merits and deficits of the european union progresses , the tendency of posters to accuse the uk of a desire to reinstitute the british empire approaches 1 . '', 
  who 's \u201e ballsack '' ? 
  but still an ethnic german . 
  hear , hear !, 
  i think the law is somewhat similar in romania . 
  ianal though . 
  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_new_wave ) here . 
  i felt that it represents how some people feel about the eu ( they think it has become a joke ) . 
  text reads  the eu 's new logo  includes all the 27 member states  who would have better represented us in bruxelles ? 
  the last line is a reference to the quarrel between the president and the prime minister over who has the last word on matters of european policy . 
  they are from opposing political camps . 
  a quick search yields no results in the text for the folowing words : * romania * transylvania * hungary * czech * slovakia * bulgaria * eastern europe, 
  until i see a proper source for all this i call bullshit . 
  it 's sloppy work at best . 
  too bad it was n't built in hungary . 
  debrecen is 60 km from my city . 
  maybe we would have also profited from this . 
  there is a difference between \u201e no weight '' and \u201e not as big a weight as it should '' . 
  yes , maybe the euro has taken up a big part of the discussion , but that 's understandable given how close to the brink it is . 
  also you should keep in mind that the uk is not the only eu country outside the eurozone , yet it is the only one that feels marginalized . 
   the future federal shape of the eu . 
  this is not necessarily related to the euro . 
   i 'm getting the impression you skipped over a lot of it ? 
  you 're also getting the impression that the uk has no weight , which is simply not true . 
  it might be irrelevant in the eurozone-discussions , but there are other non-euro countries it could approach when discussing pan-eu issues ( which are not the same as the eurozone issues ) . 
  look , it just seems that the uk loves to play the victim ( i really do n't know why it has such a weird relationship with the eu ) . 
  it looks like the emo kid that isolates himself then laments that he 's an outcast . 
  2013 is less than a month and a half from now ffs . 
   there is no ` weight ' for us to throw around . 
  yeah , the third largest economy in the eu has no weight to throw around . 
   a poster above noted that the uk did not have parity in its relationship with the us , but failed to make the next step in realising that this is also true of the eu . 
  you know why that discrepancy exists ? 
  because the uk is small compared to the us , but it 's one of the top 3 economies in the eu . 
  therefore most people do n't expect the uk to be on equal footing with the us , but people do expect it to be a heavywheight in the eu , and think that if it 's not , it is mostly its own fault . 
  for fucks sake , germany and france get what they want by making alliences and negociating on issues with the smaller countries . 
  why the fuck ca n't the uk do the same . 
  the eastern european countries are by default more rightwing economically than old europe minus britain . 
   we 've been trying to reform the cap for thirty years , for example how many countries that do not benefit whatsoever from the cap have you gotten onboard you quest ? 
  * edit * a word, 
  agreed . 
  i can has brussels capital region now ? 
   my romanian friend disagrees with the idea that romania is a nice country . 
  yeah , we really-really hate our country . 
  it has a lot of shortcomings , i 'm not disputing that . 
   what foreigners have you met that loved romania i know a scottish guy that lives in bucharest ( married to a local ) , and likes it . 
  also , i 've encountered a flemish dude that seemed to like it . 
  and [ here is a blog ] ( http://kingofromania.com/2010/09/20/dangers-in-romania/ ) of an american living in cluj , who absolutely loves it . 
   and it is also rotten to the core with corruption - for example the story of the spanish farmer getting money for 150 sheep that did n't exist . 
  my first thought as an eastern european : \u201e only 150 nonexistent sheep is peanuts '' , 
   the fact that france get off scott-free for threatening a veto while we get the full force of the eu 's rage and vitriol , and you all go behind our backs anyway and ` democratically ' begin planning a budget without us is , which ever way you look at it , a disgrace . 
  no other words . 
  just a disgrace . 
  i 'm fed up of my country being the eu 's bitch . 
  we 've been the second biggest net contributor to the budget for years and the thanks we get is a kick in the teeth time and time again . 
  everybody is equally the \u201e eu 's bitch '' . 
  but while others play the system as much as they can , they do so without the whole selfvictimisation that comes from the british position . 
  you feel that the rest of the eu is planning a budget without you ? 
  well get back in the game and throw your weight around , like every other fucking member state . 
  bitching on the sidelines does not help the uk position at all . 
  you want other states to be outraged on the french cap position . 
  go form aliances with other member states , like all the other states do . 
  negotiate . 
  it 's not ( only ) other states 's fault that the uk is so isolated . 
  given that the romanian site is near bucharest , we can safely assume that the families will live there . 
   schools bucharest has international schools . 
  every capital has , for children of foreign diplomats and the like . 
  it 's safe to assume that the children of scientists will use such schools , which are on international levels . 
   crime contrary to popular belief , romania is quite safe . 
  aside from petty crime , like pickpocketing , which one quickly learns to avoid , there is nothing to worry about . 
  violent crimes are quite low . 
   quality of life well , i 'll give you that it 's no switzerland , but it 's not boratland either . 
  most foreigners i 've met love romania . 
   i do n't know why there is n't an intervention by un . 
  russian ( and chinese i think ) veto . 
  plus the fact that syria is no libya ( way bigger geopolitical implications )  because of arms deals with assad that plus the use of the port facilities of latakia . 
  losing syria would mean loosing naval military presence in the eastern mediteranean . 
  a very big loss for russia . 
  i think he means darfur, 
  watch it you indebted punk . 
  that 's my stepbrother you talking about !, 
  a sutra of roma ( gypsies ) because : 1 . 
  sutra means \u201e a precept summarizing vedic teaching ; also : * a collection of these precepts * '' 2 .
