   they are a immature nation with a small mentality greece does n't really come off as very mature either . 
  there seems to be a lot of provincialism and pettiness on both sides . 
  the title is misleading . 
  it implies that the mock funeral was hosted and organized by the authorities in skopje . 
  but it appears that it was something cooked up by private individuals , one of many other things that happen in said carnival . 
  and the fact that minister x was there does not mean that skopje endorses everything that happened there . 
  sure , one can easily argue that it 's in bad taste - then again the centuries old tradition is exactly that , to mock - , but greeks should stop being so easily offended by any goddamn thing the macedonians do . 
  if romanians got offended everytime someone in hungary blabered on about `` greater hungary '' , we 'd be offended 24/7 . 
  guess what . 
  romania did not cease to exist because someone somewhere said something , and we have have bigger fish to fry anyway . 
  and so do you guys . 
  i think so . 
  it 's from this movie : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/everything_is_illuminated_ ( film ), 
  so no citation . 
  well , apparently roman and greek identities were merged during that period . 
  so there is no \u201e greek people/roman ruler '' distinction . 
   the normal worker/citizen saw themselves as greek under roman rule . 
  citation for this ? 
  it was a greek-speaking empire whose citizens saw themselves as \u201e romans '' . 
  do n't projest post-19th-century national identities into the past . 
   i have however had far too many experiences of waiters trying to trick you into eating meat , which is just dickish . 
  reminds me of : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2p4glebkg, 
   give a little respect to greece , they were the ones who resisted the nazis and won the 1st battle against them in ww2 and wanted to save europe . 
  let alone they were the ones who created the idea of western europe . 
  oh please , not this shit again . 
  yes , greeks were cool in antiquity and ww2 . 
  that has noting to do with the topic at hand , and bringing that up is just retarded . 
   greece is also a christain nation , the oldest one in europe . 
  depending on one 's definition of europe , armenia might be considered the oldest christian nation in europe . 
  also , being a christian nation is nothing to brag about . 
   everyone writes 2 screen long posts and talks like they 're 19th century scientists example ? 
  well , it was a coup d'etat , but given ecowas ( and probably french ) pressure , i 'm sure in the end a restoration of the old democratic constitutional order ( or something similar ) will take place . 
  also , this is not france acting cowboy . 
  ecowas troops are coming shortly , and i suspect they 'll be in charge of the peacekeeping mission once the conflict is over . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21002918  france 's military effort in its former colony ** has been supported by the us ** and uk , which is offering assistance with transport . 
  the reddit shitstorm is not far away ... 
  a military junta that took power from the previos deomocratically elected regime precisely because the azawad relebs were succesfull in taking over north mali . 
  but that begs the question : if we do not help all those in need , should we stop and not help any ? 
  as always , things are complex , and there is no simple answer . 
  agreed . 
  given [ the level of destruction the islamist brought down ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2012/12/2012122317115353560.html ) on unesco world heritage sites , i 'm glad to see the west intervening . 
  also , before the azawad rebelion , mali had 20 years when it functioned democratically . 
  a democracy i wish to see restored . 
  this is the first time i heard a different etymology to the greek one ( which , afaik , is the one accepted by nearly everybody ) . 
  via [ mapporn ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/16gaf4/atlas_of_true_names_5000x3498/ ), 
   did n't know it had a shady image . 
  it 's a harbor-city with a high percentage of immigrants . 
  a shady image is inevitable . 
  yeah , i was expecting some pan-european protests . 
  sometimes the press uses weird english . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/development_regions_of_romania  the development regions of romania ( romanian regiunile de dezvoltare ale rom\u00e2niei ) refer to the eight regional divisions created in romania in 1998 in order to better co-ordinate regional development as romania progressed towards accession to the european union . 
  the development regions correspond to nuts ii-level divisions in european union member states . 
  because latin has a long history of being a pan-european language , starting with the roman empire 's classical latin , and continuing with medieval latin . 
   i 'm only fearing they will drag other nations into this such as romania we wo n't . 
   i think this was in part that they still hold a grudge towards the turks . 
  no we do n't . 
   no , frigid does not men cold who says it does ? 
   when did you last hear someone using that word ? 
  i do n't hear them often , but i have heard them and i do n't find them that unusual . 
  the frequency of the use is not an issue here . 
   dentist did not replace any previous word who says it does ? 
  the list you talk about does not give examples of words that replaced slavic ones . 
  the article says :  in the process of lexical modernization , many of the words already existing as latin direct heritage , as a part of its core or popular vocabulary , have been doubled by words borrowed from other romance languages , thus forming a further and more modern and literary lexical layer, 
  it was nationalism that fucked the balkans up this bad . 
   imagine saying , in romanian , `` i-pak dau de veste domnnilor voastre ... '' in every official communication from the government , because that 's how they did it in [ insert your favorite historical ruler ] 's time . 
  it might seem unusual to you , because that 's not how we do things . 
  but others do . 
  the prestige dialect in the arab world is modern standard arabic , which is updated quranic arabic . 
  the vernaculars spoken by the people ( egyptian arabic , morrocan arabic , iraqi arabic , etc ) are all quite different from the official dialect ( msa ) pretty much enough so that they are two different languages . 
  by analogy , imagine that france , spain , portugal , italy and romania , instead of having their respective standard languages , would all use a kind of updated classical latin . 
  we find it unusual , because that 's not how we roll . 
  ( [ something similar was tried in greece ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katharevousa ) , but , unlike with arabic , it was not succesful ) but we 're diverging a bit from the original discussion . 
  you stress adaptability . 
  up until the 19th century afaik , the working language of the hungarian kingdom ( and succesive polities ) was medieval latin . 
  hungarian was a vernacular dialect that had few words for complex philosophical notions and new technological things . 
  then came nationalism , with its stress on the `` national language '' . 
  problem was , hungarian was ill adapted as a language of the elites . 
  so a group of writers [ updated the language ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_language#modern_hungarian ) . 
  the same was true with a lot of other languages . 
  languages have a way of adapting , but it depends many times on the preceived prestige of the language . 
  languages erode not because they can not adapt ( they are very adaptable ) , but because they are perceived as useless , or at least way less useful . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/language_death  the most common process leading to language death is one in which a community of speakers of one language becomes bilingual in another language , and gradually shifts allegiance to the second language until they cease to use their original ( or heritage ) language . 
  this is a process of assimilation which may be voluntary or may be forced upon a population . 
  speakers of some languages , particularly regional or minority languages , may decide to abandon them based on economic or utilitarian grounds , in favour of languages regarded as having greater utility or prestige . 
  this process is gradual and can occur from either bottom-to-top or top-to-bottom . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brussels#languages  a still more important cause for the frenchification [ of brussels ] was the language change over several generations from dutch to french that was performed in brussels by the flemish people themselves . 
  the main reason for this was the political , administrative and social pressure , partly based on the low social prestige of the dutch language in belgium at the time ; this made french the only language of administration , law , politics and education in belgium and thus necessary for social mobility . 
  from 1880 on , faced with the necessity of using french in dealing with such institutions , more and more dutch-speakers became bilingual , and a rise in the number of monolingual french-speakers was seen after 1910 . 
  halfway through the 20th century the number of monolingual french-speakers surpassed the number of mostly bilingual flemish inhabitants . 
   there 's a reason they 're dying out , and that is that they 're used to express ideas that are n't as vital now as they were when the languages themselves were alive . 
  no , that is not the reason . 
   i do n't think that saves them , but rather changes them . 
  so you realize that updating a language does not necessarily save them . 
  that 's because language death does not depend on how adapted it is . 
  it has to do with language policy in certain states , with perceived prestige and so on . 
  also , latin did n't die out . 
  it changed . 
  not in my time , i 'm too young . 
  but until 1989 , it was not uncommon for the second foreign language to be russian . 
  nope,
