  there could have been later influx of southern romanians . 
  there could even have been other peoples present tgether with the romanians ( slavs , avars , whatever ) . 
   and romanians were never assimilated ( or treated as an enemy ) in the whole time , which is proven by the fact that they kept imigrating into hungary hoping for a better life . 
  yes . 
  being a peasant in transylvania was many times better than being one in wallachia . 
  but things were not jolly for romanians . 
  the orthodox were considered `` tolerated '' which de facto meant the romanian population . 
  also , they were not part of the [ three estates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unio_trium_nationum ) that held political power , which by today 's standards is a form of political discrimination . 
  also , there was migration out of transylvania too . 
  one example is a county in wallachia up until the 19th century named secuieni , after the szeklers who settled there . 
  unfortunately , there 's only a [ romanian wiki page ] ( http://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/saac ) . 
   hungarians built pretty much everything there from their `` own '' resources ( towns , roads , trains , churches , schools , theaters , etc , everything ) except for the fact that most towns were built by the german colonists ( saxons ) . 
  also , the habsburgs ( when they were still only austrian , pre-1867 ) also built some things round here . 
   so successive generations literally died in battles and wars defending transylvania and szekelys died defending moldavia and wallachia sometimes . 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to say with this . 
   romania only gained authority ~ 90 years ago ( with an obligatory full autonomy , which they ignored from day one ) . 
  yes , i know . 
  the [ resolution of the alba iulia assembly ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alba_iulia_national_assembly#alba_iulia_national_assembly ) is on wikipedia ( although many romanians forget/don ' t know about the autonomy part ) . 
   i 'm pretty sure that the word `` steal '' is not the appropriate one to use  i was quoting the expression used by die-hard nationalists . 
  : i honestly hope that i did n't offend your feelings towards your homeland , and please accept my apology if i did . 
  relax . 
  i 'm not easily offended , and i do n't have strong feelings towards `` my homeland '' . 
  also , i do n't really care who was first and who came later . 
  wwi - the only world war where the french can get cocky, 
  we kinda do this in romania . 
  kinda . 
  history books teach ( the origin of romanians in transylvania ) that `` this is theory a - this is what we and most historians say '' and then `` this is theory b - this is what the hungarians and some fringe historians say / used to say '' . 
  then we leanr `` why theory b is wrong '' . 
  it 's still somewhat biased , as `` our '' side is clearly favored , but it 's good that at least we get a sense of the alternative view . 
  see also : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/origin_of_romanians, 
  some hungarians ( magyars ) are transylvanians , and some transylvanians are hungarians ( magyars ), 
   really , an average russian confuses latvia and lithuania . 
  so what you 're saying is that if one is at war with russia , you might invade both , just to be sure ? 
  yeah , after romania annexed transylvania ( officially in 1920 ) , hungarians there had a hard time accepting the status quo too . 
  but when someone talks of kosovars , it logically includes everybody there , whether they like it or not . 
  well i wanted to keep both the original title , and the fact that both ethnicieties are lied to . 
  to be fair , it kind of bothers me too that kosovar is synonymous with kosovo albanian . 
  some say , and i 'd agree , that history is deeply linked with the ideological zeitgeist of a country . 
  when the ideology is nationalistic , history textbooks are as well . 
  when it relaxes , and a society starts having a more relaxed attitude , the textbooks follow . 
  for example , romanian textbooks are still quite biased , but things relaxed in the last 20 years , and more `` empathetic '' attitudes have started showing . 
  for example , transylvania is not treated as nationalistically as it used to be ( romanians good , hungarians bad ) and some viewpoints of the hungarians are inserted , for added context . 
  this is because attitudes are more relaxed , hungary is viewed mostly as an ally and the paranoia that `` hungarians want to steal transylvania '' has subsided . 
  the title states that both albanian and serb schoolbooks are biased, 
  not saying i 'm surprised, 
   firstly , it is the fact that the country has n't been continuously independent for longer than 30 years since the 15th century , and thanks to how its situated geopolitically , tended to get fucked by its larger neighbors at pretty much every opportunity . 
  so have other countries in central and eastern europe , yet some are very pro-eu ( precisely for this reason ) . 
  therefore , i think the second reason way more important here . 
  may i say , you have a mighty good opinion of old people, 
  sure , blame the french ... :p, 
   ps : it 's really a shame that your comments got down voted , we had a civil discussion from two different view points here but some people still think that the downvote button means `` i disagree '' ... 
  the level of / r/europe has been going downhill recently . 
  must be those damn immigr ... err ... 
  i mean , new subscribers * / jk *, 
  oh , i 'd be interested in reading that . 
   i fell asleep in the middle of the sentence :p  ), 
   i ca n't find it right now , but i read somewhere that the un . 
   if they take up a foreign citizenship instead : yes , the same rule should apply in both directions . 
  otherwise no , of course not . 
  why not ? 
  if identifying with a country is necessary for gaining citizenship , should n't the lack of said identification be grounds for losing it ? 
   why would you even want the citizenship of a country you do n't identify with ? 
  because :  same in other eu countries , but that 's not enough . 
  it 's nice that you can vote your mayor , but the other elections ( federal and state ) are way more important and have more impact on your life than the local election . 
  ...  privileges other citizens do n't have . 
  forcing people to give up their other citizenships makes sure that everybody has the same set of rights and obligations . 
  too bad . 
  not all people have the privilege to get a scholarship at harvard [ or whatever ] for example . 
  a coutry x should ensure that citizen w has the same rights and obligations towards country x as anybody else . 
  country x should not care about other privileges citizen w might have . 
  but anyway . 
  the discussion has shifted from loyalty to equality , which is a whole ` nother thing . 
  anyway , do n't get me wrong , i do agree that countries can set whatever terms and conditions for granting citizenship it wants . 
  but i find the practice of forcing somebody to give up their original citizenship as having the opposite effect as it intends . 
   it 's quite reasonable to ask for single citizenship only , what if the other country has mandatory military service and `` a foreign country '' suddenly demands your citizens to `` fight '' for them in the worst case against your country ? 
  ( hypothetically ) if they are loyal to turkey , they can sabotage germany even if they only have german citizenship . 
  they can even join the turkish army as volunteers . 
  giving up their old citizenship is no guaranty of loyalty . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_patrick%27s_battalion  so why give a citizenship to someone who does n't want to identify with your country ? 
  let me answer with a question : should germans who do n't identify with germany be stripped of their citizenship ? 
   i do n't want to fully commit to your country you can fully commit without giving up your citizenship . 
  i see commitment as obeying the law , paying taxes and being , in general , a productive member of society . 
  i do n't think , on the other hand , that i owe any country my `` love '' . 
  nor do i have to `` identify '' with that country . 
  i just have to be a good citizen as long as i live there . 
   language , culture and history do n't suddenly change if you give back your citizenship . 
  true . 
  i 'm not disputing this . 
  i 'm just saying that people attach a lot of symbolism to `` giving up on a citizenship '' . 
  but we can also say , from a more pragmatic point of view , that giving up on a citizenship , you give up on all the privileges that citizenship entails . 
  and giving up on something is hard for people . 
   what was n't said yet but is on of the biggest points here in my opinion : people who live x years in a foreign country without the local citizenship should gain a voting right . 
  i agree absolutely , especially given that movement of people around europe is set to intensify , with all the integration . 
  iirc , danmark has a system like that for `` residents '' , with the right to vote on local elections , and a taxing scheme that is not as big as for full citizens . 
  i think a country should earn its citizens ' love by good policy and administration , not by ultimatums . 
  about 10-16 % of them are , concentrated in the north ( the same area that is more tribal and prone to blood feuds ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albania#religion, 
  it 's stupid because it limits a freedom , for no good reason . 
  people who emigrate ( but not only them ) might feel that a state that forces them to give up their original citizenship is forcing them to give up a part of their identity . 
  when people feel that they have to choose between two identities , they might not choose the german one . 
  they wouldnt feel they are giving up their turkish citizenship , but their `` turkishness '' .
