  ** romania ** - big week 1 . 
  china - eastern and central europe summit in bucharest . 
  [ chinese pm visits romania ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/romania-aims-to-open-door-to-chinese-investments ) . 
  agreements were signed , promises were made , most future investments being in the [ energy sector ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/chinas-ming-yang-power-group-to-build-200-megawatt-wind-farm-in-romania/110504/ ) . 
  vilnius summit got a lot of our attention next , because we were interested to see modova sign . 
  they signed as expected , but ukraine did n't , which is bad , as both signing would have put a squeze on transnistria in our favor . 
  still everyone was happy for moldova . 
  our president than said union with moldova should be our next big national project . 
  moldovan pm said `` yeah ... no , thanks . '', 
  today is our national day . 
  95 years since the union with transylvania was declared in alba iulia . 
  biggest parade in the last 2 decades held in bucharest . 
   what they do n't have is autonomy for the szekely , who are living in a compact area in the east of transylvania . 
  this would require a change to the constitution , and this would require a national referendum , which likely wo n't pass . 
  autonomy could be largely achieved even without constitutional changes , imo . 
   but you know whats the problem ... romanians from romania ( as i see in this thread ) are thinking too much from the materialistic point of view . 
  and this makes me sad a union between two parties has to be seen as beneficial by both . 
  some people consider the national argument ( `` we are the same people therefore we should unite '' ) as bringing no benefit to us ( even on the long run ) , but they see costs ( the price of union ) . 
  even those who made the first union , back in the early 20th century thought that on the long run a union would bring tangible benefits which outweigh the short-term costs . 
  materialistic calculations underpin all ideological stances . 
  from what other point of view should romanians look at the issue ? 
   moldova will never joing the eu . . nobody wants us there ( maybe just the east europe countries , but not the major powers like germany , france , uk ) . 
  the eu is more than just germany + france + uk . 
  not just romanians . 
  bulgarians too . 
   then leave some of the exhibits behind , and put them in the context of what was actually happening on the ground . 
  i think this needs to be an important part of the new museum . 
  yes , at least one . 
  / u/intrcrocalichev, 
  what do you think will happen to abkhazia and south ossetia . 
  i suspect that the georgian government views them as occupied territory , but realistically , i do n't think georgia will get them back . 
  so georgia is kind of in a dilemma . 
  are there any voices among the georgians that argue for letting them go , and move with `` georgia minus '' towards the west ? 
  is anybody contemplating the idea of giving them up so as to facilitate integration with the eu ( seeing as the eu would probably not want another northern cyprus scenario ) ? 
   i hope i wo n't get downvoted just because i 'm stating my honest opinion , but as a romanian i do n't think romania is strong enough to support a country as poor as moldova . 
  we have our own issues and we just started to build a stronger economy , we ca n't merge with a country who 's gdp per capita is maybe 4 times lower than romania 's . 
  i think most sensible romanians agree with this sentiment . 
  the opinion seems to be pro-union on the long run , but they need to join the eu first and catch up economically before that happens  plus , after all these years we ' re different cultures . 
  here most would disagree , but i do feel most romanians do n't realize the extent of divergence the decades of separation created . 
  we 're somewhat ignorant of the internal realities of moldova . 
  i also suspect the moldovan elites are n't to keen to turn from masters of their realm into subject of bucharest . 
   moldova a lot sooner than ukraine , but i imagine it would be at least 15 years . 
  also it depends if the eu wants another `` north cyprus scenario '' on its hands . 
  given transnistria in the east being a de facto russian protectorate . 
  same issue ( even more complicated actually ) with georgia on the long run . 
  there is an [ article on radio free europe ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ro&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.europalibera.org%2fcontent%2farticle%2f25184761.html ) about the issue regarding moldova . 
  google translated and augmented passages from romanian :  while it 's true that an association agreement does not guarantee candidate status , candidate status can not be obtained without the consent of the association . 
  it is a mandatory stage . 
  most likely , however , is that with moldova , even if the association agreement is signed next year , it will not be able to obtain candidate status until 2020 . 
  the reasons are multiple . 
  the eu budget for the years 2014 - 2020 has just been adopted and it is a crisis budget , far below the threshold requested by the european commission . 
  this means that there will be no so-called `` pre-accession funds '' that any candidate is entitled to get when the negotiations with the european commission start . 
   in addition , the eu is going through a long process called `` enlargement fatigue '' . 
  the eu population , capitals , political parties do not want a continuation of the admission of new members , particularly poor countries former communist eastern europe . 
   then , there is no accurate time of negotiation . 
  they can take years and even decades theoretically . 
  they can be blocked indefinitely at the request of one of the member countries . 
  turkey , for instance , is an extreme case . 
  turkey signed an association agreement with the eu - like the one that moldova hopes to sign next year - 50 years ago : in 1963 . 
  turkey then gained candidate status in 1999 and began negotiations in 2005 . 
   so far , however , in eight years , only 13 chapters have been opened , of the 35 covered by the negotiations , and only one chapter was closed : science and research . 
  croatia , however , which began exactly at the same time negotiations as turkey , in 2005 , theu completed them in 2011 and are already a member of the eu since june this year . 
   7-8 years for negotiations is so far the average , so once granted candidate status , which , if moldova would receive in 2020 , they would be able to join the eu , at best , somewhere towards 2030 . 
  [ ... ]  [ p ] olitical analyst from idis future , eduard \u0162ugui :  * `` moldova could submit an application for membership at any time , but it would be better to do so when they are signs from the eu members that such application will be successful in the european chancelleries . 
  if they do it now and would welcome the eu 's refusal , it would be a real failure . 
  to me , this might happen in the middle of this decade , in 3-4 years , and somewhere in 2020 we would see the pre-accession phase . 
  eu budget exercise is planned for 7 years before operating mechanisms - just so that we can ask this when we think we 're ready . 
  we must follow the interests of the eu . 
  '' *  and another analyst in chisinau , ion t\u0103b\u00e2r\u0163\u0103 of the institute of policy analysis and advice `` politicon '' sees a term of seven years for gaining candidate status as realistic . 
  provided they maintain a pro-european government in chisinau after 2014 , when parliamentary elections shall take place :  * `` seven years as a prognostic is optimistic , but still realistic . 
  it depends on what happens domestically . 
  2014 can be the big benchmark - we have elections and pro-european forces should form once again the government . 
  if forces reluctant european integration come to power , we wo n't have continuity and , most likely , we will follow the example of armenia and ukraine . 
  as long as one can not be sure of the continuity and can not fulfill eu requirements , this request does not qualify . 
  first we need to sign the association agreement and make the necessary reforms . 
  bare in mind that if the baltics and northern russians had been included , the finns would not look so isolated . 
   `` methodology '' why is this under quotation marks ? 
   why in the hell do all these soviet union countries want to join the eu ? 
  because there is no real choice to be independent . 
  so moldova would prefer to be dominated by the less evil/more civilized of the regional powers . 
   instead of having say , a moldovan industry something like 90 % of the moldovan industry is under the control of the breakaway republic of trransnistria . 
  therefore under the control of russia . 
  there is no moldovan industry to speak of . 
  they 're still there . 
   or , more bluntly , would you agree that greece 's misfortune was not in any significant way caused by rumania joining the eu ? 
  of course . 
  i do n't really have the time to distill the info here , but the [ english language site of the general inspectorate for immigration ] ( http://ori.mai.gov.ro/home/index/en ) might prove helpful . 
  enjoy , 
   it seems a stretch to blame greece 's crash on romania joining the eu . 
  i made no such claim . 
  ** thank you for the translation and happy cake day !, 
  **  therefore , none of key players of the political game in question is prometheus , whose breast could offer an opportunity to sip off salutary flame of change , eg post-national , cosmopolitan , secular and trans-human culture . 
  true in the sense that europe is not a savior , that will fix all of ukraine 's problems . 
   the question posed is entirely wrong . 
  the discussion is not about the choice between europe and russia , it 's about what goods are going to be directed where and for what prices . 
  europe and russia are entirely immaterial here . 
  it 's ideological bullshit , which has nothing to do with the topic . 
  of course , it 's very easy to argue about europe and russia instead of calculating commodity flows , becuase the agreement contains nothing about europe and russia , it contains a lot about goods , prices , tarifs and standards instead . 
  this is what the discussion is about . 
  this is why utmost nonsense happens here : not a single sensible word was uttered i dissagree that the discussion is framed * entirely * wrong , but this is mostly about trade , so i think the symbolic aspect of this whole deal kinda overshadowed the more down-to-earth aspects of the problem .
