  something like that ... 
  idk man ... 
  a romanian political commentator suggested that these moves were something of a `` fuck you '' aimed at eu who tried to get timoshenko free in ukraine . 
  they come each year to my hometown in western romania . 
  my point was to show the point of view of romanians , not the historical truth . 
  this thread is centered around how an event ( wwi ) is perceived . 
   people need to be told the truth , keeping them ignorant has led us to the situation we find ourselves in today . 
  i do n't disagree . 
   and every time your memory keeps forgetting the numerous reason behind the romanian public 's dislike of any form of autonomy or independence of ethnic hungarians . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't share your one-sided black-and-white view of who 's in the right and who 's in the wrong here . 
  there are sufficient reasons for hungarians to dislike the romanian authorities as well , a point you conveniently keep ignoring . 
  it 's not like they 've always enjoyed the rights they do today . 
  where the fuck did i say that minorities did n't exist ? 
  did i say `` 100 % romanian-speaking provinces '' ? 
   but i guess my `` ideal '' solution for today would be the autonomous regions they keep pushing for . 
  i agree . 
  hell , with eu and schengen they could even become independent and it would barely be noticeable on the ground . 
   whether that 's actually practical to create in romanian politics , or whether an acceptable compromise could be reached , i have no idea . 
  romanian public opinion is absolutely terrified of granting szeklers autonomy . 
  `` unity '' is our big national fetish , so anything like autonomy is viewed as borderline independence ( many people confuse the two concepts ) . 
   the hottest car in europe this year was not a bmw , a benz or a bentley . 
  [ it was renault 's low-cost brand , dacia , out of romania . 
  ] ( http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2013/12/17/business/20131218_dacia-slide-vhkj/20131218_dacia-slide-vhkj-slide.jpg )  in data released on tuesday , dacia showed the greatest gains of any car brand in europe , with sales this year surging 21.1 percent through november . 
  that 's well above the second-place finishers , mazda and jaguar , each with 15.6 percent increases . 
   it may be the right car at the right time for europe . 
  amid high unemployment and economic uncertainty , dacia has found a foothold with prices as low as 7,700 euros , or about $ 10,600 , taxes included , for its no-frills logan sedan . 
   for someone accustomed to driving a mercedes or a bmw , a dacia would be `` awful , '' said jens schattner , an analyst with macquarie in frankfurt . 
  `` but if you just need to get from point a to point b , it 's simple , reliable technology , and you get a three-year warranty . 
  it 's all you need . ''  the success of dacia reflects the bifurcated business . 
  while low-end brands and luxury cars are doing well , much of the market in the middle has stagnated . 
  at renault , dacia has helped bolster the bottom line , as competitors struggle with the downturn . 
   `` anyone can say we took advantage of the crisis , '' said arnaud deboeuf , the renault executive who oversees the company 's entry-level segment around the world . 
  `` but there 's been a change in buying attitudes in europe . 
  people do n't want to spend so much money on a car now . ''  the european market has undergone a wrenching contraction since the financial crisis . 
  auto sales are headed for another year of declines in europe , according to the data released on tuesday by the european automobile manufacturers ' association , though they rose slightly in november for the third straight month . 
  sales were down 2.7 percent for the first 11 months of the year in the european union compared with the same period in 2012 . 
   dacia , which accounts for less than 3 percent of the european market , sold about 260,000 vehicles through november , according to the data . 
  volkswagen still dominates with a 13.4 percent market share and more than 1.4 million units registered , though sales of the brand were down 5.4 percent in the same period . 
   it 's an unexpected place for dacia , a brand that reappeared only in 2004 . 
   louis schweitzer , renault 's former chairman and chief executive , recognized that mass-market cars made for the developed world could not be sold profitably in europe 's emerging markets . 
  so he sought to use the dacia line to build a new car platform , called the m0 ( or m-zero ) , that would be economical , reliable and cost just $ 5,000 . 
   while he did not meet his price target , his gamble paid off when the new dacia had a successful debut in 2004 , appealing to buyers in eastern europe and turkey . 
   to the industry 's surprise , it also caught on in western europe , especially after the financial crisis hit . 
  dacia 's european sales nearly doubled in 2009 from 2008 to more than 214,000 cars . 
  today it has a full range of pickup trucks , s.u.v. 
  's and station wagons . 
  its newest model , the dacia duster crossover , starts at $ 11,900 . 
   mr. deboeuf , the renault executive , said the experience gained by developing a low-cost vehicle from scratch had been hugely beneficial . 
  `` you ca n't offer a car to your customers at an aggressive price if you do n't put pressure on your engineers , on sales , marketing , to control and reduce costs , '' he said . 
   dacia spends little on marketing , and distribution costs are relatively small because the cars are sold through existing renault dealers . 
  and there is no discounting . 
   a big part of keeping costs down is the fact that none of the dacia models that are sold in western europe are made there . 
  romania , with its low-cost labor , has been the beneficiary . 
  renault 's investment transformed the company and created thousands of jobs in romania . 
   but even romania may be getting too expensive for renault . 
  in april , the company warned the 10,000 workers at its factory in pitesti , about 70 miles northwest of bucharest , that it would move some jobs to morocco if they did not moderate their wage demands . 
   carlos da silva , an analyst at ihs automotive , said that a key reason for dacia 's success in western europe was that it had created a new class of customers , people who would previously `` have bought a five-year-old car , but now they can get a new car for the same price . ''  renault has been careful to keep the brands separate in europe , he noted , as dacia 's image is not as prestigious as the parent company 's . 
  the danger now , he said , is that dacia sales could eventually begin to cannibalize sales of renault 's own lower-end vehicles , eating into profit margins . 
  `` it 's a tricky equation , '' mr. da silva said . 
   while dacia has been a boon for renault in europe , the m0 platform on which it is based has been even bigger in non-european markets including brazil and india , where the cars are sold under the renault brand . 
  that helped renault last year to record more than half of its car sales outside of europe for the first time . 
  mr. deboeuf said that there were no plans to enter the united states and chinese markets , but that renault is aiming to introduce renault-brand m0 cars next in indonesia . 
   mr. schattner of macquarie said dacia now `` has a monopoly '' on the entry-level market in europe , and will most likely hold it for at least three to five years , because its rivals have not decided how to respond . 
   though the brand 's reliability ratings are mixed , it performs modestly well in safety tests carried out by the european new car assessment program , a consortium of governments and consumer groups . 
   mr. schattner estimated that renault 's profit margin before interest and taxes , a key measure of profitability , was around 8 percent across the m0 cars worldwide . 
  in terms of profitability , he said , that puts them `` in good company , on a par with the german premium carmakers . ''  that has not escaped the attention of rivals . 
  executives of volkswagen , europe 's biggest carmaker , have said that plans for a low-cost vw line would be revealed within the next year , assuming such a car could be produced profitably and to the company 's standards . 
   dave wright , who lives in preston , england about 30 miles north of manchester , said he bought a dacia duster for # 12,995 , or about $ 21,200 , plus # 495 for the metallic paint option , this year because he was attracted by its `` tried and trusted technology with no frills or superfluous gadgets . ''  the first one he ordered had a steering problem and , after some frustrating encounters with customer service , was replaced by the dealer . 
  `` all is good after three months , '' he said . 
   `` so long as this vehicle remains reliable , '' mr. wright said , `` i look forward to future dacia models . 
  i like the dacia ethos , it fits in with my own mind-set . 
  it 's simple , no-nonsense value for money . 
  a niche the big manufacturers have failed to fill . '', 
   hungary 's requests to hold binding referendums in the ethnic border areas were ignored , and i personally think that was a perfectly valid request . 
  i agree with all of what you said , but especially this part . 
  the only part you really could n't work around was szeklerland . 
  given 1920 's technology , you really could n't have it separate from romania , lesotho-style , suplied via air in case romania decided it was border-closing time . 
  mixed romanian-hungarian here . 
  there was n't really much consistency in the story when i grew up . 
  it was santa claus that brought gift , and it was little angel ( see my post above/below ) at the same time , but i did n't really care because i was a small kid and i only cared if the goods arrived , not who the delivery man was . 
  add to that mikul\u00e1s on the 5th of december , plus two rounds of easter . 
   also , did romania end up able to keep its borders after the collapse of the ussr ? 
  romania was unaffected by the collapse of the ussr regarding its borders . 
  we could have expanded them , as there was a strong pro-union sentiment in moldova , but our leaders were against it , so we missed the moment . 
  googled it . 
  `` angyalka '' ( lil ' angel ) only comes to transylvanian hungarians . 
  the ottomans are not really relevant with regards to romania and hungary around wwi . 
   how can it be every romanian 's greatest achievement it resulted in romania 's greatest territorial expansion , with the majority of ethnic romanians within its borders . 
  from the point of view of your average romanian , this is romania 's greatest achievement . 
  i am not talking about a personal opinion here . 
   promulgation of the 1923 constitution . 
  yeah , a douchebag centralistmove . 
   during the interbellum romania carried out a policy of romanianization so that point could hardly be said to have been respected . 
  you might notice that i use the present tense . 
  historically shit fluctuated on both sides enough for both romanians and hungarians to end up with a lot of resentment . 
  not saying it 's an ideal situation right now , but it 's not bad either , and i agree that there needs to be more dialogue ( on both sides ) . 
   it was only stopped after the comunists came to power , briefly and mostly as a means of apeasing hungary but then points ** 3 . 
  ** and ** 4 . 
  ** went out the window , 
  i do n't see how your rhetorical question is related to what you quote from my comment .
