  i have bought a couple of scandinavian crimes novels from editura trei , at 13 lei each , but i had no ideea it was this widespread . 
  i ca n't thank you enough for the info !, 
  i know . 
  i try to look out for discounts , but oradea does not have the same variety as bucuresti , or even cluj . 
  also i use the public library , which saves me a lot of money  i 'll have to ask my gf ( a former bookstore employee ) exactly when this happens please do . 
  thanks, 
   so romania has not `` always been a francophone country . '', 
  to be fair , romania is a 19th century creation . 
  there was no `` romania '' before that , but i agree with the general idea that it was not `` always '' francophone  the lack of self reflection or fact-checking is appalling . 
  we 've abandoned history for fantasy . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  on the other hand i_jackoff_twice is really representative for the average romanian opinion . 
   it 's just that since 2007 , a lot of romanians left the country for work , some permanent some not , and if you include those , then the figures change . 
  no they do n't . 
  check out the [ 2002 census ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_romanian_census#18_march_2002_census ) . 
  ethnic percentages are about the same , and that was taken before the mass exodus to western europe . 
  also , out of the population of 3 million missing , some have actually died and not been replaced , as romania has a negative growth in population . 
  also you assume that everybody in the 3 million that is missing is ethnically romanian . 
  newsflash : hungarians emigrated too . 
  as did every other ethnicity . 
   in romania gypsies call themselves gypsies , not rroma wrong . 
  some call themselves gypsies - mostly romanian-speaking roma - , some call themselves roma . 
  their name for themselves in their own language is roma since forever , and it is their right to be called roma if they wish , just as it was our right to ask other people to call us romanians instead of vlachs . 
   it 's only derogatory because politicians made it so . 
  false . 
  languages acquire negative connotations through usage . 
   not learning the official language of the country you live in : lack of integration . 
  it 's just wrong to consider it simply lack of will on their part . 
  some other factors that influence somebody not knowing romanian : - a shitty educational system ( now as well as in the past ) - the fact that some people will not have any context to use romanian , as their low mobility never takes them outside szekler land . 
  as we know , a language not practiced tends to be forgotten also , i take issue with your assesment that `` many hungarians '' fail to learn the official language of romania . 
  they are a a minority . 
  most hungarians know at least basic romanian , that one might need for everyday interaction . 
  source : i have grandparents in szeklerland . 
   a really simple explanation : they probably also tested some roma . 
  roma or people of mixed ancestry who self-declare as romanian . 
   for example , many hungarian from romania decide to live separately and not to integrate ( especially in szekelyland ) . 
  i think you mistake intergration with assimilation . 
  because we might `` tuk eir jerbs '' . 
   the average price of a book in romania is of 19 lei , or around 4.4 euro . 
  i feel that average book prices are around 25-30 lei . 
  at least the ones i usually ( wan na ) buy are in the 20-40 lei price range . 
   the roma situation is more complex than all of them being thieves or people just being xenophobic . 
  a million times this !, 
  thank you !, 
  when the alphabet before the mid 19th century was cyrillic . 
  he 's talking from the 19th century onward . 
  when the language reforms kicked in , a huge number of slavic words were dropped in favor of latin ones , borrowed mainly from the french language . 
  we wanted to assert our latin-ness any way possible . 
  anyway , romania used to have a huge crush on france ( more so than any other eastern european country , except maybe tzarist russia ) , and still does to a smaller extent . 
  there is a difference between  nothing works . 
  and  roma integration never worked on a large scale . 
  one means `` there is no solution '' the other means `` there is no one-size-fits-all solution '' . 
  after joining in 2007 , romania and bulgaria were ( and are ) still subject to employment restrictions in many eu countries . 
   but according to what some romanian redditors said in other threads you ca n't tell apart a romanian from a roma by visual cues alone , you need to take behavior into account . 
  is n't that the case ? 
  something like that . 
  visual cues ( pigmentation , facial structure , etc ) coupled with cues that pertain to social status ( dirty clothes or traditional clothes ) are the most important . 
  but judging who is gypsy and who is not is not an exact science . 
  it even depends on the viewers social and geographic origin . 
   nothing works . 
  bullshit  romania has a population of 22 million , out of which less than 2 % is of other origin , including gypsies . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romania#demographic_evolution according to provisional data from 2011 census , romania 's population is 19,042,936 . [ ... ], 
  in october 2011 romanians made up 88.6 % of the population . 
  the largest ethnic minorities are the hungarians , who make up 6.5 % of the population and gypsies , who make up 3.2 % of the population . 
  given that a lot of roma do not identify as such , and some estimates put them at around 10 % , the percentage of romanians might actually be lower  it 's sad to see all that crumble , because a group of people are mistakenly considered romanians . 
  somebody mentioned recently that the vast majority of french people do know the distinction between roma and romanian . 
   is the only country in europe to adopt the french constitution actually , romania 's constitution way back in the day was modelled on the belgian one . 
   because this is what forced everyone to call them rroma , rather than gypsies . 
  yeah , how dare they ask others to call them in a non-derogatory fashion ? 
  maybe romanians should start calling themselves vlachs to avoid the confusion . 
  i bet the romanch of switzerland are n't too glad either to have such a similar name to that of the uncivilized romanians from the east . 
  not to mention the citizens of rome or the romagnol of italy ... 
  because : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palestinian_refugees#arab_states  the arab league has instructed its members to deny citizenship to original palestine arab refugees ( or their descendants ) `` to avoid dissolution of their identity and protect their right to return to their homeland '', 
  [ guinea worm ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/02/18/guinea-worm-second-diseas_n_825239.html ), 
   you are talking about dialects , i 'm talking about languages . 
  that is a political , not a linguistic distinction . 
  the old `` a language is a dialect with an army and a navy '' . 
   but the organisations itself and how they relate to the civil society are not . 
  i beg to differ . 
   please remember that the majority of eu states have never been great nations ( or were such very long time ago ) . 
  they do n't dream of being the kings of the hill , only about securing a nice life for their citizens . 
  you think in national terms , but since people are slowly starting to build european identities , they might feel that france 's or spain 's colonial status was something of the former glory of europe . 
  i 've heard romanians referring to events of western europe in very personal ways out of a shared sense of european-ness . 
   you are mistaking a reason of convenience ( keeping former status ) with necessity of survival ( annexation by neighbours ) annexation by neighbours is not the only threat to one 's survival . 
  a superpower can dominate a smaller country economically just fine . 
  or politically . 
  think about the us 's relation to latin america or how most of eastern europe was n't annexed by the ussr . 
   true , russia is and remains scary for the eastern block , but the eastern block just regained their independence and are probably not in a hurry to lose it completely again . 
  au contraire . 
  i feel that a lot of people in the east have understood that small states get bullied by big ones , no matter how independent . 
  so banding together , preferably with some important western states too seems logical . 
   also please remember that in switzerland decisions like changes in the constitution ( or even normal laws ) are always voted on by the citizens , and never just decided by the ruling governments . 
  this is irrelevant to the discussion as i was not advocating top-down nation-building . 
  i fully support popular consultations when giving up sovereignty is concerned . 
   they , like all unfit parents , should have their children removed by social services . 
  that does n't work either . 
   i imagine large part why it has stayed together is that surrounded by great nations like germany , france , italy etc. 
  the cantons would easily have been annexed if they were n't united . 
  hang together or hang separately , if you would .
