  but you accused somebody of being ignorant based on this single fallacy , which is why i pointed out that you yourself were being ignorant in this case . 
   you do know that palestinians are a semitic people as well ? 
  using the word `` anti semitic '' in that way is extremely ignorant . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/etymological_fallacy  * a variant of the etymological fallacy involves looking for the `` true '' meaning of words by delving into their etymologies , or claiming that a word should be used in a particular way because it has a particular etymology . 
  * do you understand ? 
  ( and i 'm not asking whether you are standing under something ) . 
  very informative . 
  actually , i think the northern section of the border ( slovakia and ukraine ) was the most poorly drawn . 
  that strip of compact hungarian population in south slovakia makes little sense . 
  i wonder why they gave it to czechslovakia in 1920 ? 
   look , romania has actually tried this whole minority language bubble and it created a more segregated country than 20 years ago . 
  anything factual to back this up , or is this just a gut feeling ? 
   for me , ethnic minority rights should be : being able to learn in their language , their own history , in private schools , after the `` normal '' school has ended . 
  [ ... ] everything else is privilege , not a right . 
  then why do you get to learn those in your native language ? 
  because you 're part of the majority ? 
   ca n't force them to be romanians , but hungary for the last 20 years has been doing that with abroad hungarians . 
  transylvania hungarians have never felt anything else but ethnic hungarians , and the hungarian-speaking csangos of moldova declare themselves romanian , and do n't really care about hungary . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  most people consider themselves to be french exactly because minority rights have been surpressed so strongly . 
  it 's the same reason aromanians in greece feel as `` vlach-speaking greeks '' , arvanites feel `` albanian-speaking greeks '' and not `` albanians '' and the list goes on . 
  france 's legislation does n't become liberal all of a sudden because nobody is complaining . 
  yes , no to situations are exactly the same . 
   but are we doing the same thing with the cadrilater ( which is in bulgaria ) there are no romanians in the cadrilater . 
   or northern bucovina ( ukraine ) ? 
  i say we should be more vocal about the romanians in ukraine . 
  you also forgot the vlachs of serbia . 
  we really made [ a strong move not so long ago regarding that issue ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/qbffa/romanias_unexpected_move_to_hold_up_an_eu_debate/ ), 
  but that is slovakia . 
  u/flyingorange was talking about autonomy in romania . 
  the situation in the two countries is different . 
  problem is , the borders do n't always follow the ethnic lines . 
  that 's why i say they got screwed . 
  i used the mo\u0163i comparison because they also have a regional identity brought about by them being mountain-folk . 
  i would have used the moldovans , but the political situation makes it a bit more tricky . 
   and you should know there are also demands regarding partium i know , but that wo n't fly . 
  partium hungarians have little desire for autonomy , beside the fact that the area is less ethnically compact . 
   does that make france a country that does n't provide the basic rights to its minorities ? 
  yes . 
  but things have started improving there as well . 
  the french model was actually the one used by the hungarian state before wwi . 
  you know , the one that alienated all the minorities , including us . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/breton_language#official_status http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occitan#usage_in_france, 
   i do not get a sense of government-mandated oppression anywhere in the country , really . 
  far from it . 
  neither do i. 
  but i do think that if a local community wants something like autonomy , they should have it . 
   as for the gypsy , what strikes me sometimes is seeing trilingual city signs in romanian , hungarian and german , even though the german population of said city is now far , far , under the gypsy one . 
  but i guess germans are more marketable . 
   true . 
   the italian people lived a large part of their history in a mish-mash of numerous duchies and kingdoms , each with their own culture and traditions - a unified , centralized state would be an exception from the rule . 
  same is true for us . 
   but a more or less estranged group of hungarians they are a group of ethnic hungarians with a strong regional identity as well . 
  think of the mo\u0163i in the apuseni mountains . 
   putting them in the category of national minorities that are to be given just as many rights as any other minority here . 
  nobody claims they are a different people than the hungarians . 
  but their context is a bit different than the rest of the hungarians in transilvania , who are dispersed . 
  i 'm not only talking about 2013 . 
  the level of minority rights in 1990 was pretty bad , so in that respect we had a lot of ground to cover . 
  other minorities are numerically insignificant , except for the gypsies , but they are in many ways different than your usual ethnic minorities . 
  this speaks volumes about the level of paranoia we still have regarding our hungarian minority . 
  anyway , i do n't think autonomy can be achieved until an actual proposition has been made , where one sees what exactly gets transferred to the regional level . 
  up until now , the discussion has been kind of vague . 
  but i think that in the context of regionalisation , it could be marketed to the general public . 
  we could use the example of italy , where they keep a centralised state ( aka . 
  not federal ) , but they have regions with minorities that get extra autonomy . 
   the hungarian community and especially its politicians are seen as pushy , demanding , aggressive and , for lack of a better word , annoying . 
  i 'm sure having to get rights which you see as basic ( and rightfully yours ) only after being pushy over and over can get frustrating . 
   if romania were to give them autonomy , it would be accompanied by a middle finger . 
  whose middle finger ? 
   but i 'll just leave this here : [ 1 ] flag wars ... 
  yes , i remember that episode . 
  that was more about us overreacting about a piece of cloth , than anything that endangers the territorial stability of romania . 
   i 'm talking about the constant involvement of the hungarian governments in the internal affairs of its neighbors . 
  we do n't live in a bubble , we do this as well ( in moldova ) , and this still does n't come close to endangering the territorial status-quo . 
   how many romanian ethnics under 20 speak hungarian ? 
  that is relevant how ? 
   because the results in romania are : a lot of hungarian ethnics under 20 years old ca n't speak proper romanian ... how about we fix the way we teach romanian ? 
   and these countries should start treating its citizens the same way ... great . 
  let 's make uzbek the national language . 
  that is equally non-native to all of romania 's citizens . 
   they 're not a border region , they would be an autonomous enclave . 
  how would cutting themselves off from the rest of romania bring them any actual benefits ? 
  autonomy does not mean `` cutting themselves off from the rest of romania '' . 
   hungary lost half of its territory , including several major cities , after world war i. 
  but most of the territory lost was n't ethnically hungarian . 
   it 's a victim issue . 
  hungarians have lost territories to all of their neighbors and all of the hungarians living in those territories were opressed at some point , some as recently as 10 years ago . 
  some of those opressed have relatives in hungary or they went over to hungary and have told everyone the experience they had . 
  those who heard of these experiences developed a hatered towards the people that opressed their `` countrymen '' ( for lack of a better expression ) . 
  there are a of romanians who remember the 1940s , and not very fondly . 
  there is a strong victim mentality on both sides . 
   to take romania for instance , they only have two targets for nationalist hatered : the hungarians and the russians ( or ukrainans ? ), 
  actually it 's the hungarians , the gypsies , the jews and the gays . 
  russia is hated as a state , but ethnic russians have hardly had any problems . 
   no one gives a shit about hungarian bashing , since they do n't have a strong/economically powerful state to stand behind them . 
  oh please , this is laughable . 
  hungary takes great interest in the situation of hungarians , at least the ones in romania . 
   no one gives a shit about any of these issues except hungary . 
  who until recently had way more prestige internationally ( at least in the eu ) untill it said `` screw it '' and sabotaged it via orban .
