   of course , you can have some sort of state-mandated enforcement of a new language , punishing old-language speakers . 
  i would not advocate this . 
   not only will this be highly popular popular ? 
  india as well . 
  to be honest , english is the business lingua franca pretty much everywhere ... 
   ah , come on , we do n't even get our immigrant population to be bilingual within their per group are you talking about turks that do not speak german among themselves ? 
   old language ? 
  what `` old language '' ? 
   why in the world should a village be truly bilingual because it has two language groups ...  either , it wo n't work , or we are killing the existing languages - which noone really wants . 
  expand upon this please, 
   now , think of your village 's idiot and wonder if he is capable of functioning in a bi-lingual world . 
  in a bilingual village , sure ... 
  would switzerland be better off with a common language ? 
  would south africa be better off with a common language ? 
  no , you 're not . 
   just like absolute majority of europeans , i would vote for someone who i think would better represent and defend the interests of my country do you have anything to back this up , or it 's just gut feeling ? 
   prevalence of muslims migrating to europe ? 
  only turkey , kosovo , bosnia & herzegovina , macedonia , montenegro and albania are places where islam is a prominent religion among locals inhabiting the area for multiple generations . 
  most other places is muslim migrants , often ethnically non european migrants ... well the easiest way to put it is this : east of the iron curtain , we have ` historic '' muslim populations . 
  west of it , we have 20th century immigrant populations . 
  riiiiight ... * cough * r/atheism * cough *, 
   it really saddens me when i hear some retards saying that it was better back then because everybody had jobs . 
  you have to understand that for some people , it was better back then ( and i do n't mean the aparatchik ) . 
  for many , job security is more important than freedom of speech or assembly . 
  fear of europe turning into a `` 1930s scenario '' is what 's keeping europe from turning into a `` 1930s scenario '' . 
  among other things, 
  maybe giving birth to juggernaut companies is n't a good way to compare states . 
  maybe companies do n't become behemoths because of state intervention ( `` socialist europe '' and all that jazz ) . 
  maybe we have more companies , not bigger ones . 
  maybe i 'm just talking non-sense ... 
   this is probably the reason for italians are always firmly pro-eu . 
  romanians too, 
   we ai n't even mad about dobruja , keep it . 
  to be fair , we gave some of it back ... 
  first of all , op 's native language might not be english . 
  keep in mind that in a lot of languages , the name for romania is something along the lines of roumania/rumania ( e.g. 
  * rum\u00e4nien * in german ) . 
  this was the case in english as well up until the 20 ^ th century , so hes not even incorrect , just a bit dated . 
  now there 's a good reason explaining this old form . 
  and that reason is that romanians themselves used the word * rum\u00e2n * to name their kind . 
  it was n't until the 19 ^ th century that the form * rom\u00e2n * started to be prefered , as it more closely resembled the latin word * romanus * , i.e. 
  inhabitant of the roman empire , from which romanians claim ( linguistic ) descent . 
  i regret to inform you that the idiot here is not op . 
  it 's you . 
  watching forbrydelsen and bron/broen i got the impression that danish is german with a lazy pronunciation . 
  just like there 's a joke about how there 's no dutch language , only german with a sore throat . 
   how about them trying to do something to improve these conditions ? 
  this is a two way street, 
   broken glass put on fences so kids do n't climb - but never in romania i 've seen this quite a few times, 
  i did say that they have a culture that encourages thievery . 
  evem that is too general of a statement . 
  \u201e gypsies '' are a very heterogenious community . 
  wwest europe gets a lot of the ad , but a lot of the more mild roma dont stand out . 
  i 'm romanian and i 've seen all kinds , from the hardworking to the assholes, 
   well , more than 90 % of romanians profess a belief in god and `` only '' 40 % of bulgarians . 
  i would say that 's quite substantial . 
  i was under the impression that bulgaria was around 70 % . 
  had no idea the difference is that big  who is the custodian of this national narrative and who perpetuates it ? 
  does the intelectual elite support this myth ? 
  yes , the elites support this ( as most are right-wing politically and conservative ) . 
  also the church does . 
  it 's just a truism that everybody says ... \u201e the church kept us romanian '' . 
  it 's one of those slogans everybody mindlessly repeats without thinking too much about it . 
   did n't the clergy use church slavonic and were n't they heavily influenced by their slavic counterparts ? 
  yeah , but let 's ignore all that and focus on how latin we are , and not slavic   how does the national narrative reconcile these conflicting facts ? 
  by quickly browsing over it , and focusing on other aspects of our history . 
  yeah , the slavic element of our culture is not given the attention it needs , and and as a result commonalities with slavic neighbours ( and i 'm thinking mostly about bulgaria here ) are not talked about generally . 
  i know there are a lot of commonalities , but the average joe ( ioan ) does not . 
  i think being lumped together in the whole eu bussines has created some sense of commonality though . 
  in hungary it 's probably more like \u201e culturally christian ( in general ) '' as they have a sizable reformed protestant population, 
  and 0.1 % to 5 % in romania , depending on the survey used, 
   they 're packed mostly with the elderly and the less privileged . 
  not to say that adults do n't go there , but they 're not the majority . 
  also , statistics show that religious minorities have a higher attendance , so cities like oradea , are probably more church-going . 
  it 's not significantly so . 
  but i think it has to do with two things . 
  first of all the romanian national narrative puts a lot of emphasis on the myth that it was the church that kept our national character alive during the dark ages . 
  it was , so they say , the church that prevented the barbarians and the slavs and the turks from erasing our latin-ness ( being latin is * the * thing that sets us apart from the others around us ) . 
  i do n't know about the bulgarian national narrative , but maybe this aspect is different somewhat . 
  the second aspect ( i read it somewhere ) , was the fact that there are two competing bulgarian orthodox churches . 
  i guess this eats away at the church 's reputation , which is not seen as a monolithic block that overlaps on the state and on the people . 
  ( this might not be true though , just a hunch . 
  maybe someone from bulgaria could give an oppinion ) . 
  there might be other things we romanians are not aware of in bulgarian history . 
  maybe the commies had a different approach that yielded some different result on the long run . 
   for the most recent referendum i think you mean \u201e census '', 
  yes . 
  but the word is almost never used in romanian . 
  actually , most romanians would n't know what it means . 
  another article with a bit more detail : http://www.euractiv.com/justice/commission-slams-romania-scathin-news-513980, 
  you were making a general statement . 
  i was curious if there were cases other one country ( usa ) everyone knows about . 
  specially countries in europe , given the nature of the subreddit, 
  it was n't illegal , but it was discouraged to various degrees , especially if one was a party member . 
  at least in romania . 
  but it varied a lot from country to country . 
  albania is one extreme example of \u201e no religion '' . 
  other countries were more chill . 
   `` democratic '' countries at the time suppressed atheism and socialism much harder than communism suppressed religion some examples ? 
  ( other than mccartyism in the us ),
