eh , no , they 're not . 
  we just know that since 50 % of those in northern ireland want to be called british , and those other 50 % irish . 
  so some will refer to them all as british or irish , depends on context really . 
  as funny as it would be to watch the snp actually have to run something under scrutiny , we all know who 'll be made to pick up the bill for the adventure ... 
  er , yes !, 
  say they had wanted ( and voted 100 % ) to remain in the uk , but if the majority of scotland ( as a whole ) had voted to leave the uk , they still would have been dragged out regardless of their wishes . 
  no difference to what nicky 's moaning on about here , except of course she 's worried it wo n't go her way ... 
  and i would call those voters ` lazy ' ... 
  so , the uk is a country and is holding the referendum as a country . 
  i was just glasgow as an example , 
  she does n't stand for you , she stands for herself , her party , and their little group of ` elites ' to gain more control over a country that has begun to think that to be scottish you must vote snp . 
  looking from the outside , she is a very poor ambassador for our country . 
  the snp 's record in power speaks for itself . 
  but of course when anyone dares to critisise her or the snp it 's all ` westminster 's fault ' ... and i 'd love to know in what way you think scotland is ` shit on ' . 
  why should edinburgh , glasgow or the orkneys for example have been subject to the wishes of the majority of scotland if they'ed have been dragged out of the union ? 
  might be worth telling her that though ... 
  funny though how a scot-exit against , say , edinburgh 's or orkney 's wishes did n't matter that much to her though . 
  jesus fucking christ it 's only ` fair ' when it goes your way huh ? 
  uk flag also made a bit more nordic ... 
  the idea is that ` good day ' and ` good night ' are farewells because you 're not going to be with them for the rest of the day/night so you 're wishing them well . 
  ` good morning ' and ` good afternoon ' is more ` have you has a _____ ' as you meet them for the first time that day . 
  surely it 's a good thing we were the last country left ? 
  agreed but i meant that it parallels some of the political situation right now  an another note , i 'd imagine that not every subscriber to r/scotland or r/northernireland subscribes to r/unitedkingdom , which is a shame really . 
  perfect apart from the fact that one in 30 of them are now fake . 
  anyway , the new coin is based on the design of an older pre-decimal coin , so it 's not really ` new ' is it  only stupid thing about it is they 've put a leek on it instead of a daffodil ... 
  still find it funny that there are more subscribers to bristol , manchester and london subreddits than to the england one . 
  most people in the uk i think would drink tap water at home , maybe with some filtered brita jug or what have you . 
  personally i only ever buy bottled water to have the plastic bottle itself , which i then refill until it completely wears out . 
  in a restaurant it probably depends on the age group/wealth . 
  every restaurant has to legally provide you with free tap water so i doubt many will bother paying for bottled water unless it 's an expensive meal already ( or its for a very important occasion - birthday , wedding , etc. ), 
  surely the fact that we know this so soon suggests that the next lot ( because surely there will be a ` next lot ' ) are going to have to use more sophisticated methods ? 
  it 's not a ` definition ' , its just years of history and bias . 
  when you say ` europe ' i think of france , spain , germany etc. 
  before i think of latvia , montenegro , croatia , etc. 
  just because historically the link/similarity/culture / geography is closer . 
  because titles need to be short and snappy , and to most uk readers when you say commonwealth they think of canada , australia and nz anyway, 
  i think it 's also a case that young americans online like to tell people in other countries how things are based only on their american viewpoint . 
  i think it 's more a case that the us has it 's own historic issues with race , black vs white etc. 
  they then tend to apply this view to other countries ( so assuming all black british people must be lower class , grouping all ` white ' people as one , blackface/cultural appropriation issues and so on ), 
  which cycling hero ? 
  i 've only seen it used to distinguish from welsh or scottish-language text, 
  one pays into the eu , the other ( until recently ) receives a net surplus from the eu . 
  one gets told off very loudly for moaning about the rules , the other gets ignored when it breaks them completely . 
  i think ours can be quite beautiful actually , if done properly : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=041nxaan714&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=3m09s ( takes until 4:25 to get going  ) the fact that england and northern ireland do n't have separate agreed national anthems annoys me more than it should ... 
  but it does attack uk and usa citizens . 
  pretty brutally and pretty publicly . 
  obvious bias aside i like it to - unique shape , colours go well together , and it actually represents the gradual formation of our country as it is today . 
  the only thing wrong with it is how often you see it flying upside down/with the saltires split incorrectly . 
   makes me see brits as de facto disqualified to write an opinion when the usual catalan/basque thread of the week change of subject , but why ? 
  very few brits are really aware of the situation in northern ireland , especially not how it is today . 
  great britain was a political entity , yes . 
  but following the union with ireland and then northern ireland it is superseded by the uk . 
  today it returns to it 's older meaning as a geographical entity . 
  the worse thing is no one either side of the border will ever call her or her party out on anything , especially her own government 's record on actually delivering anything . 
  at the moment , scotland is bound by the same deal . 
  gon na take a lot to change that . 
  no reason london could n't get a different deal by some other means ... 
  but great britain is n't a country , or even a political entity , the united kingdom is . 
  the same way europe is n't a political entity , the eu is . 
  great britain is a geographic entity to describe the largest ( i.e. 
  ` greatest ' ) of the british isles . 
  well there 's a trade deal right there !, 
  sign me up !, 
  but how will they fund that bridge huh ? 
  i 'm not sure barrels of cheap oil float ... 
  unless you cut the island in half , great britain will be just fine ... 
  may never said they would , though . 
  arguably the eu is more important to london than it is to scotland . 
  sturgeon 's just milking her 15 in the sun . 
  in which case the conservatives would be in a minority government which is the last thing they wanted , so i reckon they 'd have given in over one ( relatively speaking quite minor ) issue . 
  would the conservative of had the vote if the lib dems had all said they 'd vote against it ? 
  given how tetchy they 've been the past year about their own things not going through , i imagine they would n't have done . 
  it undermine 's cameron 's authority more than it does clegg 's . 
  exactly . 
  the lib dems could have agreed to let the conservatives have a vote on tuition fees , but at no point did they have to agree to support it . 
  do they though ? 
  both sides did n't agree on the av referendum . 
  at the end of the day i think nick clegg had more bargaining power over the conservatives than he realised . 
  say the lib dems had abstained , and the vote had been lost - what could the conservatives do ? 
  kicking them out and forming a minority government was n't really an option then . 
  so what the students wo n't understand is why nick clegg ` gave in ' . 
  but they voted for it when they could have abstained . 
  but also , do n't expect 18-21 year olds to have the most nuanced view of the inner workings of a coalition government ... 
  and the dad of my physics teacher !, 
  is there actually a video of this rather than just captions to a load of widely circulated images ? 
   police as civilians so does geneva ? 
   totally irrelevant to the independence debate , but okay . 
  not really though . 
  you 'd be fine with the party that would likely govern scotland post-independence having such a poor record when it comes to actually governing ? 
  what are the snp actually capable of doing if they get the independence they clamour for ? 
  how can you trust any of their ` arguments ' when it comes to independence , especially after the last referendum ? 
  and not being principled and doing the ` right ' or ` fair ' thing is ok cause they might lose votes ? 
  what a great government they are !, 
  even after they won votes saying these were powers they would fight for ? 
  maybe they should stop moving the goalposts every time they actually get what they want . 
  grammar schools are a tiny part of the education budget which has been somewhat overblown in the media . 
  and they are n't ` shite ' . 
  outperforming england and wales is debatable ( http://labourhame.com/a-long-hard-look-at-nhs-scotland/ ) and even then it is n't exactly the best benchmark . 
  health outcomes for scots are still some of the worst in europe though , which is dependent on far more than the nhs . 
  the scottish parliament now has the ability to vary tax bands , something it campaigned for for ages , but has then decided to do nothing with - since that might require them to actually make a decision and actually do some governing ...
