i mean will you see all those people in the greens go form their own party and compete openly in elections ? 
  `` swedish salafists '' was a pun on `` swedish democrats '' and `` salafist '', 
  so will another party will get infiltrated then , or will you see the swedish salafists ? 
  you are right concerning eurosceptic governments taking control of too many countries . 
  i must disagree though with your assertion about eurozone officials , varoufakis indicated they were stupid and rigid in thinking . 
  the migrant crisis does ' t prove him wrong . 
  you could also apply a class based analysis : german workers being taxed to grant loans to greek banks and bear the risk of default , with greek workers then having to suffer through austerity . 
  in this case , the german elites are merely using the whole situation to cover themselves , cf merkel redistributing refugees . 
  i used the word `` brussels '' to emphasise that the eu and the ecb are obviously ultimately more invested in preserving the euro and less bothered about fiscal transfers or debasing the currency than finland . 
  i was a little imprecise , but it does not fundamentally alter the situation in practical terms . 
  in many ways , ireland is the northernmost mediterranean country . 
  ( yeah i known serbia is landlocked . . ), 
  varoufakis and schauble both agree the whole thing is an unsustainable farce , they just have different views on how ruthless to be about solving it . 
  i do n't think germany is going to get a cent back until this is resolved firmly one way or another . 
  nobody is going to invest as long as brussels goes on about unsustainable 4 % surpluses . 
  they know the eu will pressure the greeks into expropriating whatever they put in thru `` special levies '' to keep the pretence up longer . 
  creditors will go along to salvage as much money in the short term as they can , even if it causes long term damage , because an election is once every five years . 
  did n't varoufakis say he was a bit of an intellectual lightweight and hence schauble 's puppet ? 
  or the second most corrupt !, 
  you can still go pretty low , 1950s ireland was a democracy . 
   social democrats and the left party are the only ones who really do any serious campaigning in immigrant neighborhoods this is hilarious , the left in sweden is turning into an islamic version of law and justice, 
  the `` broad church '' party she has in mind would end up turning into an ideology-free patronage network like you see in brazil , greece , or ireland . 
  look up fianna fail in ireland for example . 
  or labour . 
  all patronage networks for their voting base . 
  i hate to compare `` protestant '' vs `` catholic '' culture . 
  but i suspect this kind of wheeling and dealing would be pretty alien to most swedes . 
  self indulgent bullshit . 
  how do you think feminists in middle eastern countries feel when they read this ? 
  its cultural essentialism , assuming that keeping women in subjugation is a natural state of affairs for the brown people . 
  this is why you use the single transferable vote . 
  they have been telling caliphs to piss off for centuries , why would they listen to some king ? 
  the church is informally gone after the abuse cases , and everyone noticed that it had an incentive to hold everyone back . 
  formally , the government wo n't touch it so far . 
  i do n't think there will be any sharia courts or such like the uk however . 
  you had a huge conservative class consisting of poor rural dwellers and those who migrated into the cities in iran . 
  nothing personal , but i think irish people and turks are sufficiently similar that i can say that this `` le enlightened secular '' attitude is not going to help . 
  political movements that claim to be superior to everyone else tend to get support reflecting their small base . 
  we used to think it was funny putting the `` dublin crowd '' in their place . 
  i suspect akp voters enjoy seeing the sultan constantly belittle the `` kemalites '' . 
  i do n't think you fully realise what ireland was like up until the 1990s , i am being deadly serious in making an analogy here : * contraceptives were banned until the late 70s , you still had to get a prescription up until 1995 * all the tv consumed was state owned in ireland , and thus controlled indirectly by the church . 
  * the newspapers were owned by well connected types . 
  * you could n't report corruption thanks to the libel laws . 
  * you had priests telling irish people who emigrated to england not read any of the tabloids in case they got corrupted !, 
  * you had censorship ( obviously ) * shitloads of nationalist rhetoric after our war against the british and the troubles in northern ireland . 
  * divorce was banned until 1995 * until 1997 , a woman who fell into sin ( or was raped ) was sent off to one of the magdalene laundries . 
  which was kinder than stoning i suppose . 
  * ( nsfl ) doctors used to saw women 's pelvises open if the baby got stuck so the woman could have 10 kids . 
  with a caesarean , you could only have up to three births . 
  google `` symphisiomoty ireland '' . 
  the last ones occurred in the late 1980s . 
  * sex abuse cases were dealt with through religious tribunals run by the church . 
  the police turned a blind eye in most cases * in 1950 , the state tried to introduce free medical care for mothers and under 16s . 
  the church was able to stop on the grounds the ( protestant ) doctors would not adhere to catholic social teaching . 
  * the church controlled all the schools , with heavy indoctrination . 
  * we had the second highest birthrate in europe after albania , so we could pump out good catholic babies . 
  * if you criticised the church , it was not unprecedented for a doctor to commit you to an asylum * if you criticised the state . 
  such as openly complaining about poor governance , expect a visit from the police . 
  who have a reputation for brutality to this day . 
  * in the early 1980s , a gay man was beaten to death , and the judge gave a ridiculously low sentence since the perpetrators were doing `` god 's work '' . 
  we were still let into the eu in 1973 though ... 
  in any case , sooner or later , everyone will realise that they are not in the promised land , and will start liberalising . 
  the exact same way we did in the 1970s , and the exact same way the ottomans did towards the decline of the empire . 
  armenia is going to be a thorn in turkey 's side as long as this whole genocide thing drags on . 
  i mean what else can they do except resist turkish influence with every ounce of their will ? 
  the idea is to leave the eu so big that it is useless . 
  our constitution is * not * secular :  all powers of government , legislative , executive and judicial , derive , under god , from the people, 
  coups are only going to infantilise the country , the same happened in argentina . 
  the only solution imho as horrible as it sounds , is to keep your head down and wait until the car crash happens . 
  unfortunately , it took ireland around 80-90 years since independence to reach that point . 
  but as long as everyone wants to live in holy muslim turkey , you are just delaying the inevitable , and guaranteeing more resistance & pig headedness when they do get in . 
  the less you say and the more keep your mouth shout , the sooner they will admit the quran does n't in fact contain the solutions to all the problems of the 21st century . 
   hm , that sounds very affective if not a bit brutal . 
  it was the same people who were previously fighting the british security apparatus . 
  we won too . 
  which gives you an idea of what kind of people the ira were . 
  the country was slowly collapsing since 1915 under the stress of the war - the local police were underresourced and unable to keep an eye on the place . 
  there were strikes all over the place etc. 
  they also had to free all the people from the 1916 rebellion in 1917 to appease the ( irish ) americans so they would take part in the war . 
  these subsequently formed the nucleus of the ira , and took control of the sinn fein party . 
  these people then went around telling everyone that the british were brutal genocidal occupiers . 
  that it was the solemn duty of every irishman in the name of the dead generations that fought the british to kill every occupier where he stood . 
  to use knives if necessary . 
  one article in the ira 's newspaper said to kill nurses if you had to in order to ensure that conscription did n't succeed . 
  thus most of the population was already pretty cross by late 1917 . 
  sf 's membership swelled . 
  of course the youth started listening and started breaking into houses stealing guns , drilling for war and so on by 1917 . 
  in early 1918 for example , a policeman was shot dead on the street in kerry , and people just stood around laughing as he bled to death on the ground . 
  the british did n't admit to being at war until 2 years later !!, 
  in late 1918 people voted for sinn fein with a mandate set up a parallel government , including police and courts , if britain refused to grant independence . 
  by 1919 , they had a reasonably well functioning court system , given the circumstances : policemen getting shot dead by the ira all over the place . 
  the ira provided police services in areas under their control . 
   just block it off and let it burn . 
  maybe then community pressure from people who want to be able to give their children water or turn on the lights will keep people from acting that way . 
  the british tried those kind of siege tactics in tralee , but , it just made everyone angrier and strengthened the ira even more . 
  isis would claim to be legitimate protectors of the community , and you would have gaza city in the middle of france , with all the problems it would bring . 
  it is worth mentioning , thanks to the brits tramping all over the place , the new justice system set up by sinn fein was unable to function , so you had even more chaos . 
  the ira ended up performing summary executions and reprisals by 1921 under the strain . 
  thus by 1922 , the pro-treaty ira faction had to clean up the mess they themselves contributed to . 
  as i said in the other comment , in ireland when we had a similar situation back in the 1920s , we ( the pro-treaty forces ) simply passed a law saying that anyone caught with a gun would be executed , no excuses .
