  the pro-treaty forces also kept hostages . 
  france is n't like ireland or one of those remote countries that historically were filled with warring tribes . 
  after the british were kicked out , we * did * manage to stop the country falling into anarchy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criminal_investigation_department_ ( ireland ), 
  settler mentality ? 
  by voting for the far right , you are just putting your indigenous `` tough guys '' in charge . 
  by their nature , the ultranationalists will want lots of babies , patriotism , and everyone singing from the same hymn sheet because they like the idea of living in a strong united country . 
  you are basically saying fascism is the lesser evil , if it is built on civic nationalism instead of ethnic nationalism ( or just saying that `` austrian nationalism '' is part of a broader european identity which is roughly equivalent in practice ) . 
  if they listened more to their voters instead assuming they were an aristocracy . 
  i like the single transferable vote used in ireland . 
  it incentivises election candidates to at least acknowledge the concerns of voters outside of their base to pick up transfers ; and not be complete morons in case they get shoved aside by someone else in the same niche . 
  if you are on the right side of the fence , you are going to amenable to the idea of closing the gate behind you . 
  they have so many ethnic groups that no single one can dominate . 
  nationalism , being intertwined with the enlightenment ( if religion is for dopes , you need something else to be loyal to ) is a fundamentally liberating force that dissolves the old irrational and corrupt structures that are holding the nation back and helps it unleash its full potential . 
  this can be glorious , such as when a corrupt oligarchical regime is overthrown and replaced by a liberal democracy . 
  on the other hand , people might argue that what we might call `` christian morality '' is holding everyone back , and if we got rid of it , we would succeed * this time * . 
  the thing with nationalism , particularly romantic nationalism , is that it usually makes all of your dreams come true - and all of your nightmares . 
  look at ireland - a liberal democracy built on secret murder , terrorism , lying , killing irish policemen , bank robbery , attacking critical newspapers and a mild degree of ballot stuffing and intimidation at elections . 
  even when you are north of the north . 
   secondly , while of course i 'm not denying irish people had suffered so much , things were more harsh in chechnya , and brits were more `` normal '' compared to the forces of russian federation that is a * tl ; dr * of what i wrote !, 
  but you are right , i left out the role of all the things you mentioned , which i will elaborate on here :  islamism had been imported to chechnya ... 
  same in ireland . 
  before the great famine most irish were secular liberal ( in the formal sense of disliking government and engaging in trade ) types who were distinctly not fussed about religion but showed up for mass every week ( a bit like the ottoman turks maybe ? ) . 
  afterwards ( the devotional revolution ) people became extremely hardcore catholic as rome arrived to reassert its authority . 
  the british tolerated the catholic church to save money on schools and to keep the population quiet . 
  it did n't really work in the end . 
  whilst catholicism on its own would just make people pray and accept their fate . 
  it also made people tolerant of suffering and introduced the idea that martyrdom was a way of getting closer to god into ireland 's collective consciousness . 
  however , in parallel , you had stories of the likes of wolfe tone or lord edwards who were republican 's in the french/american tradition . 
  these people ended up being revered as essentially secular saints . 
  irish people 's natural historical love of fighting , and aggressive nationalism provided the emulsifier that combined the oil of religion with the water of secular liberal nationalism to form irish republicanism . 
  the spark that set off the reaction was the 1916 rising when the secular liberal types sacrificed themselves for ireland on easter week . 
  the british were simply unable to handle it , so they gave up and left most of the country . 
   foreign support . 
  thanks to the british ruining the place , and us pumping out babies , there were plenty of irish abroad that were willing to support our country , particularly in america . 
  the ira had connections with the underworld in boston for example . 
   because , only ones that answered the call for help were , other than circassians and few ukrainians , all jihadists , a few english took our side like erskine childers , they ranged from somewhat level-headed ( insofar as an ultranationalist can be level-headed ) to being so nutty , we ended up having to kill them to keep stability ( not that anyone * liked * having to do it ) . 
   after the first war , also independent state had failed ; the warlords , in ireland most of the local ira commanders had won seats in elections , with a mandate to unilaterally declare independence if necessary . 
  thus , the political establishment and the military establishment were close . 
  thus even though the ira were de facto in charge , it looked to everyone as if the irish republic were a democracy . 
  after the war many former ira members were well regarded , so they ran for elections in their areas and won seats . 
  thus by 1932 , the country was a proper democracy and the army would obey the elected government ( which was filled with ex-ira , so that would be easy to do ! ) . 
  furthermore , the political wing of the movement were able to set up institutions in areas under their control that were better than the british ones , which helped the ira and sinn fein win the people 's support . 
  that the brits were wrecking the place did n't hurt ...  connected to russian intel ... 
  the country was in a fervour of patriotism and anti-british hate . 
  everyone knew from school how spies and informers had wrecked the 1798 rebellion and many other previous rebellions . 
  someone with a grudge always squealed for money . 
  but the ira under collins had completely destroyed the enemy intelligence apparatus in ireland . 
  the ira were known for knowing anything and everything that went on , and for being ruthless in killing anyone who cooperated . 
  nobody trusted the british witness protection for example since their intelligence services was so heavily infiltrated at every level . 
  in addition , the ira would kill local policemen ( who were really more of gendarme ) and detectives in cold blood , so the british would n't have any local intelligence whatsoever , which was very useful in previous wars in ireland . 
  since the new country was a democracy , once it got going , the brits could n't just put `` their people '' back in charge . 
  besides if the british got involved , would they be able to leave ? 
   ichkeria and killed every reasonable chechen leader so that also helped the islamist to gain more power . 
  in ireland , everyone , no matter how ruthless was committed to democracy . 
  in particular the more radical ones would be more in favour of people power than the moderates . 
  by arresting the `` moderates '' who would have been happy with an ireland with full domestic autonomy , but the uk controlling the countries foreign policy , they ended up opening a space for the more militant and radical nationalists who wanted to break the connection with england full stop . 
  the leaders of the ira were overjoyed to hear that their moderate colleagues were now in prison , cause it strengthened them , though they liked and respected the moderates as individuals . 
  afterwards , the country ended up turning into a democratic theocracy , complete with `` magdalene laundries '' for fallen women , and semi-fgm in the form of symphysiotomies . 
  but that was n't the fault of the radicals - they were all dead by that point . 
  their hand was weakened by the civil war and the church never liked them due their aggressive secularism . 
   than russian federation itself also fought against ichkeria obviously , the uk could have crushed us . 
  but that would have required 100,000 troops for a few years , plus a bombing campaign in england and international opprobrium . 
  britain would not be able to handle something like that just after ww1 without collapsing domestically llike the russian empire did and/or losing her colonies . 
  i 've read up this conflict and have a good grasp of irish history . 
  it seems that the difference in outcome between the anglo-irish war and the russian-chechen war is entirely explained by the fact that we 're a sea country in northern europe , whilst the other two are landlocked countries in eastern europe . 
  so you have a rough athens/sparta , liberal/conservative , diplomatic/tough , cosmopolitan/single-minded contrast . 
  the three biggest differences imho are that in ireland , first the most well organised , ruthless , and martyrdom inclined faction were the liberal secular nationalists , artists and left wing nationalists ( ! ), 
  this gave us really good propaganda and administrative skills for example . 
  second , the democratically elected free state government was ulitmately willing to swallow their pride and accept guns off the brits so they could gain control of the country ( which was in chaos by 1922 ) and ruthlessly suppress any other armed factions besides the national army ( including the ira members who thought the free staters were traitors and collaborators ) . 
  finally , the british had to at least pretend to believe in self determination and all that freedom crap . 
  putin felt no such obligation . 
  [ background reading re exporters ] ( http://www.mauldineconomics.com/this-week-in-geopolitics/free-trade-and-the-crisis-of-the-exporters ) edit : the title might be edited , but it would arguably be more deceptive to call this `` journey to europe : welcome to czechia '' without indicating that this post is n't some imgur album from someone 's holiday . 
  tbh , any entity based in the sea of marmara that has n't gone decadent tends to dominate the balkans . 
  the region has decent food supplies and tends to be wealthy thanks to the fact it controls trade between the black sea and the mediterranean , and the balkans and the middle east . 
  it is also very secure in any direction except the north west ( the direction the ottomans took constantinople from ) . 
  the problem is that that location is * too * secure in many ways , so istanbul ends up turning into a rats nest of intrigue and orgies since people get lazy . 
  eventually someone gains a foothold in the balkans and starts to work their way down ... 
  meh , you see something similar in ireland re britain , just read my posting history . 
  do n't forget to be nicer than putin this time . 
  russia is going broke , and that warlord seems like a bit of a moron outside of his narrow range of ability . 
  i ca n't see this regime lasting for more than 20 years , in particular if ukraine goes to the west , and russia 's security apparatus comes under immense strain , like the uk in ww1 . 
  going from irish history ( ireland is catholic btw !, 
  ) , that whole religious education thing is just retarded , and will backfire . 
  the youth will start asking why kadyrov is taking orders from the infidel russians and will put someone more hardline in his place . 
  kadyrov does n't seem to have the organisational skills to run the place ( boring stuff like hospitals or schools ) without moscow , so it will probably be isis ... 
  there is no political union . 
  besides the usual cleavages ( north/south , east/west ) , there other ones . 
  for example in ireland , both liberal nationalism and left wing nationalism tend to be associated with violence , `` blut und boden '' and `` resurrecting the nation through blood sacrifice '' . 
  how are we supposed to agree with germany on the question of whether or not nationalism is a good thing ? 
  you would need political union first , which would in turn require political integration , which would take decades . 
  so erdogan wants to reestablish istanbul as a preeminent power in the balkans and middle east . 
  but instead of following the broadly successful cosmopolitan approach of byzantium and the ottomans , he wants to be a muslim autocrat ? 
  instead of a graeco-latin style empire based on being nice to everyone and only using force as a last resort , he is going for the german/english `` order people around and piss them off '' strategy . 
  naively extrapolating from irish history suggests that the albanians and the arabs are not going to like that , and will resist tooth and nail , never mind the greeks or the serbs . 
  no , if the us were like germany , then the state governors * would vote in the senate instead of distinct senators . 
  * the respective state senates would be able to veto their vote though , and an abstention would count as a `` no '' to make the analogy more accurate . 
  i am referring to the system used in the kaiserreich and the bundesrepublik - an upper house consisting of the heads of state against a popularly elected lower house . 
  here we have the european council and the european parliament . 
  in the reich , the upper house controlled the executive btw , likewise , the european council can veto the appointment of an eu commission president like juncker . 
  the eu is modelled on the german system , which balances an aristocracy against a popularly elected house .
