   be left alone to do their thing, 
  is what draws me towards lib dems , so maybe that what swings it for you . 
  you , you 're not so bad . 
  they 'll find some other scapegoat . 
  they always do . 
   immigration/trade, 
  yeah , i can see the benefit of that . 
   fishing policy, 
  i have problems with this . 
  there are so many fish in the sea . 
  and there are only so many fish you can catch without depleting the stock over time . 
  the eu regulation is already running close to this limit . 
  the laws of nature do n't change with our status within the eu . 
   so lets say 4 a fish , 6 b fish and you actually catch 6 a fish and 2 fish . 
  now instead of that being fine ( you 've caught 8 fish instead of 10 ) you have to throw back 2 a fish ( usually dead ) . 
  admittedly this is n't the best way . 
  but this solution is in itself a compromise . 
  the ideal solution ( as in the the solution that collect the most fishing stock without waste ) , would be to restrict duration of fishing . 
  `` you 're allowed to fish in the area , for this long , what ever you catch you keep . '', 
  however this approach was overwhelmingly rejected by the fishing community ( around the north sea ) because it meant some weeks they 'd have a great haul while others week they 'd come back with nothing . 
  so the eu did this `` time limit by proxy '' solution . 
  which as you pointed out is not the most effective solution . 
  as , dead fish , ( that only serve use to the fishermen and is of little good for the ns ecosystem ) are gone to waste . 
   [ cager ] ( https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=cager ), 
  dafuq happened in june ' 13 ? 
   who will burden the social services, 
  can i get a source on that ? 
  ironic , they could save others from fascism but not themselves . 
  makes a nice change from corbyn being constantly shat on in this sub . 
  i was speaking of the pre-election times . 
  the year or 2 when this sub ( in general ) was constantly shitting on corbyn . 
  admittedly that has changed over the past month or so . 
  the current kick back we 're seeing is just a result of that . 
  hopefully it dies down in due course . 
  there 's a sub wide filter for satire , on the ride side bar . 
  i 'd always wondered if you ever left r/ukpol , 
  upvote , because i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  i thought you opinion what at least though out . 
  i disagree with it , however , but i do n't believe it deserves the hate you seem to be getting . 
  as to my own opinion , i am lazy so imma just quote u/starbuncle above . 
   i think millenials want what their parents got for the same amount of effort their parents put in , which seems fair . 
  now , whether you think that 's feasible is a different question . 
  [ yes ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878991312 ), 
   a population of about # 4m . 
  think you made accidentally a symbol there bossman . 
  still , terrible example . 
  when i said terrible example , i was agreeing with you . 
  not really much else to say about that . 
  this deal has been in the working 's since 2013 . 
  ttip was an assault on european civil liberties . 
   in reality , in halo yo that non of those trade agreements passed, 
  come again ? 
  ahaha , no problem mate , it happens . 
  i do agree , though . 
  that those trade deals were n't great for american citizen 's either . 
  i do n't believe i said anything that ca n't be backed up with evidence . 
  could you point out which of my statements you find objectionable . 
   this is a serious problem and i honestly do n't know what the solution is . 
  easy , just hold them to the same standard . 
  they 'll catch on after a while . 
  or at least , shut up for a while . 
   do n't like a strong female right winger, 
  we talking about merkel or may here ? 
   is there a limit on how big they can grow ? 
  yeah , size of the crucible and amount of bismuth used . 
  there is a bit of black magic fuckery involved in making the form `` nicely '' , however , the op clearly knows this magic . 
  i 've heard variants of this often , do you not of any effective retorts ? 
  you 're not alone in that . 
  there 's been a lot a research that shows that even the sight of coke stimulates the same part of the brain as real coke , for ex coke addicts . 
  care to bring me up to speed ? 
   energy is always conserved, 
  not across reference frames . 
  oh there 's a name i have n't seen in a while . 
  welcome to the world of tomorrow . 
  what you 've got there is good ol' [ selection bias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/selection_bias ) . 
   if they were indifferent , they would n't be crying on the internet . 
  those mgtow 's that do that , just get on with their lives and never draw your attention to them . 
   more likely it is just this generation thinks it is special and unique, 
  i do n't think thats true , its just unsustainable . 
  it always has been , and always will be . 
  do you know what this means ? 
  it will end one way or other . 
  let 's make it a controlled descent . 
   keeps posting heavily socialist stuff, 
  so it 's not justs me then . 
  i was starting to think myself as neoliberal . 
  whats this ? 
  any love for jonathan pie on this sub ? 
   broadcast tv, 
  ~ ~ implying that not using 20th century technology some how invalidates it . ~ ~, 
  my apologises for jumping the gun there . 
  e : syntax, 
  i 'm not quite sure what your trying to get at here , op . 
  now kithhhhh, 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  is it safe to come out now ? 
  central european time ? 
   especially as the twitter generation seems to be taking creative control . 
  yeah pepe is the hallmark of the left . 
  i was focused more on the creative control , than the particular generation .
