/ r/outside, 
  eye decay , either, 
  vinegar is to brown sauce as tomatoes are to ketchup . 
  top gear did a `` test '' , i 'm on my mobile so ca n't link the claim , but i believe it 's around 180mph . 
  well , directional speakers are a thing , they use high pitch directional speakers as non lethal crowd control . 
  but yes eventually the waveform does eventually spread , such is the way of nature . 
  oh oracle of internet abbreviation , what does afaik stand for ? 
  all the repulsive charges balance the attractive charges , so the net sum in the universe is 0 , thus on scales approaching the size of the universe , the charge is negligible . 
  the ink on average page in novel only covers 10 % of the page , imagine the literature we could unlock if it were to cover 100 % !, 
  my favourite tee , comes in heinz alphabet soup . 
  because it makes them more money . 
  little late but my 2 cents is this . 
  sit down with the work , do one question , paragraph , whatever . 
  then have a sweet . 
  gummy bear , pear drop whatever floats your boat . 
  enjoy that one sweet . 
  the texture , the flavour . 
  rinse repeat . 
  works great in conjunction with a to-do list . 
  this method got me to that last year of a b.sc in physics . 
  claiming my grey, 
  wait a sec . 
  * to google *, 
  my whole life has been a lie !, 
  i 've been doing it wrong . 
  i second that , all of the scientifically educated people i have meet , shun marxism . 
  on the basis that , although having some merit , appears unfeasible to achieve . 
  from my experience they seem the most grounded in reality . 
  unsurprising considering their entire life is devoted to studying nature . 
  i 'd be more inclined to say the rest of the population are out of touch with reality , or at the least , unaware of the consequences of their actions . 
  thanks !, 
  congrats on your first orbit . 
  you 're pretty much halfway to anywhere by that point . 
  good luck on your inevitable munar mission . 
  [ scott manley ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/szyzyg ) helped me to the mun . 
  this sub is very friendly and helpful if you have any questions . 
  let us know how it goes !, 
  there 's an extensive mod list for this play through , out of all of them i 'd highly recommend installing [ kerbal engineer redux ] ( http://www.curse.com/ksp-mods/kerbal/222685-kerbal-engineer-redux ) , it 'll give you critical stats on the rockets performance . 
  f2 removes the hud , f1 takes screenshots and adds them to the kerbal directory , f10 removes those little temp gauges you get during re entry , and holding/dragging the middle mouse button moves the focal point of the camera . 
  it 's looked more like a hammerhead when it stalled during testing and tail slammed into the ground . 
  i sure learned my lesson about hard mode and escape systems that day . 
  and thanks admittedly this run was n't as clean as i 'd liked it to be , the mothership was on an elliptical orbit when it released the lander . 
  that and [ b9 procedural wings ] ( https://kerbalstuff.com/mod/515/b9%20aerospace%20procedural%20parts ) are kinda `` easy mode '' . 
  lower part count , stronger wings , and they double as fuel tanks . 
  what is it about your design thats not quite there ? 
  edit : some word . 
   they always seem to produce less lift than they should, 
  ca n't say i 've noticed a difference , initially only installed that mod to reduce the part count . 
  but in comparisons with stocks wings , the b9 wings tends to be way oversized in comparison , so maybe that 's why i 've never noticed . 
   my ssto design is as perfect as it gets , lifts 5 + tons to lko , i do satellite , crew ferrying and station resuply missions with it all the time . 
  sounds pretty good , only `` recently '' gotten into ssto , only been two months since i 've had me first successful ssto . 
  just out of interest do you have a separate crewed version or just stick command seats in the cargo bay ? 
   it 's quite hard to make a craft that can do a mun transfer , land and come back in kerbin orbit fit inside a long mk2 cargo bay . 
  that it is , haha . 
  could never fit a design into a standard cargo bay , my last attempt , used those little grey tanks partially clipped into the side of of a 1.25 m tank . 
  never thought of doing it apollo style . 
  if you ever do get one that fits , let me know , i 'd love to see it . 
  i admitted defeat on this design as it fits in the length of a standard + small mk2 cargo bay which gave me just enough room . 
   american terms, 
  devoid of any semblance of reality . 
  while i do not believe that homeopathy works in anyway shape or form . 
  there is an economical argument to be had . 
  in that some health issue are hysterical , and for some , it does `` work '' and for those that find the treatment helpful it is cheaper to give them water as opposed to real drugs , this is of course at the patients desecration . 
  who 's would corbyn pick as the token new labour guy to keep them quite ? 
  what is this ? 
  he went to start a colony of super smart dogs . 
  t-t-that almost sounds , dare i say , * reasonable * . 
  this is politics , home of the straw men , ad hominem attack , and broken window fallacies . 
  the free exchange of information is paramount . 
  we ca n't fight climate change if nobody is allowed to talk freely about it . 
  only the proprofit narrative would be allowed to be discussed . 
  climate change information was repressed since the 70 's and has propagated through the internet . 
  as a britain , who taxes get more `` bang for buck '' making its cheaper for everyone . 
  i will never understand why there 's such resistance to public healthcare . 
  obamacare is a shitty system . 
  too much money to be made i guess . 
  b-b-but it 's cheaper ? 
  edit yeah , i do understand the social contention , but still seems illogical to me . 
  me and a couple of mate downloaded compasses onto our phone . 
  we 'd randomly shout `` north ! '', 
  everyone closes their eyes , points north . 
  whoever is the closes wins . 
  after a couple of weeks we became pro . 
  i 'm surprised that has n't already been reach , the top 85 individuals hold as much wealth as the bottom 3,000,000,000 . 
  edit : some 0 's, 
  i think i do too . 
  protip : anything in the form of `` you 're so good at x for a y '' is some kind of backhand compliment towards y. 
  stop it . 
   3 separate legal system, 
  i do not know of this and google is of little use to me . 
  i 'm new here , what is ppd ? 
  thank you kind internet stranger , have an upvote . 
  oh , i guess i did know about it , just never thought of it as such . 
  the [ ins ] key . 
  visibility and simple nature of drones , makes it easier to understand and comprehend . 
  pretty much anything said about the other side of the event horizon is pure speculation . 
  it 's . 
  colourful . 
  we could . 
  but if we were to look at the entity that creates the event horizon , the singularity , the current laws of physics breakdown .
