  but they did . 
  in huge numbers . 
  can i see your model ? 
  i believe what bothbawlz was saying is why not solve the root problem . 
  i do n't see how this is pussying around . 
  so what , we stand up to islam , it 's gone , now what ? 
  next up nationalism , solve that , next up class wars , oh look another religion has popped up . 
  i 'm sick of playing whack-a-mole . 
  sick . 
  death . 
  we 've been doing it for generations now , it 's not working , let 's try something else yeah ? 
  different polling method . 
  would n't say that quite true . 
  it was new , and new things need to be tested and demonstrated to work before we give them full confidence . 
  they follow the pretty standard procedure here . 
  here is the prediction using the status quo, 
  here is our new fangled thing that may or may not work , we do n't know yet . 
  what do you like so much about the m16a4 ? 
  i 've heard a lot of good things about it , but i 'd rather have a scar, 
  do you have any more information on this crash ? 
  i ca n't see why it happen . 
  something wrong with fuel supply ? 
  pilot error ? 
  i need to know !, 
  * blinks erratically *, 
   if they paint corbyn as the hard brexiteer, 
  that 's some serious maneuvering , not saying it 's impossible , but it seems unlikely . 
   may is no doubt competent, 
  i very much doubt may 's competence . 
  what a shit stain of a rag , i was expecting some economic analysis , or breakdown of policy , but no , it 's just another hit piece . 
  maybe so , i 'm not familiar with the publication , and maybe i was too harsh to judge it one one article . 
  the article does n't say anything substantial . 
  it 's an unreasonable proposition , held up with shoddy logic . 
  you can not debate reasonably with an unreasonable position . 
   how much of a terrorist loving scumbag he is . 
  which you seemed to have either missed or agree with . 
  heaven forbids , that i disagree with that . 
   this comment is a poster child for the complete evaporation of reasoned bebate , ability to empathise with alternative opinion and tolerance of others political leanings . 
  not just 15 minutes ago you were championing the mantra of empathy and tolerance . 
  which is the same cause corbyn has been championing his entire career . 
  this includes extending an olive branch out to those you disagree with . 
  i have yet to see corbyn support any act of terrorism . 
  as he has stated time and time again he is morally opposed to any and all unnecessary killing . 
  so how about you take a leaf out of corbyn 's little red book and practice what you preach . 
  would have thought you 'd learn after the first 8 . 
  `` society progresses one funeral at a time . '', 
  hang on a second . 
  have fidget spinners their own emoji ? 
  do n't worry buddy , i do n't count either . 
  not only is social mobility one of the lowest in europe , it is currently on a downwards trend . 
  meaning it is lower than it was for previous generations . 
  as stated in the source above . 
   understand what the spending was for in the first place , and account for that . 
  i do n't quite understand . 
  could you expand on that ? 
  no lord buckethead ? 
  smh, 
  you 're on a list . 
  the problem arises through gentrification . 
  it the community that has lived in that area for a long time , and made it what it is , this area is seen as attractive , and they get priced out . 
   it 's progress when it 's done right . 
  yes i agree with that . 
  but in its current form in london is mostly about raising the property value , as opposed to the standard of living for current residents . 
  as this trend continues this will become the de facto meaning of gentrification . 
  thus inhibiting progress from being made , as the argument gets bogged down into semantics . 
  i distinctly remember someone saying this was their plan all the time . 
  is just a brief overview of the issue . 
  do n't blame you for taking it with a grain a salt . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  i thought no deal was better than a bad deal ? 
  but they do change public perception , which is an important force , in relation to the legitimacy of government . 
   people think we live in a post history world, 
  i never understood the reasoning for this . 
  2 generations of relative peace ( excluding the threat of nuclear apocalypse ) , and we declare the end of history ? 
  wonder if the egyptians 400 years into the first dynasty though similar things . 
  its often those who posses a poor understanding of history who are so adamant that history is over . 
  maybe they 're trying to justify their own ignorance , and dismiss any lessons that need to be learnt . 
  it 's peculiar how often people carry the mentality , `` well it wont happen to me '' . 
  of course their ignorance is , usually , their undoing . 
  i do however wonder if they do accept that it is a possibility , but pretend not to acknowledge it , in order to not bring about some sort of self fulfilling prophecy . 
  if you have n't already , i suspect you might find [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbuuw9i-mhs ) video by kurgestat interesting . 
  yeah pretty much . 
  quantitatively we are living in relative peace . 
  i just doubt that its too early to conclusively say that the violent period of history is over . 
  which that video also confirms . 
  we 'd need another 70 or so years before its reasonable to assume this current trend of peace is something more than a statistical anomaly . 
   oh lol no no , i was n't saying it was over at all . 
  oh , i did n't intend to imply that you did . 
  my apologises . 
  i was just trying to stay on topic for other readers of this thread . 
  thanks for showing me this . 
  best twitter account i found this year !, 
  -6.13 , -5.54 lib dem , how does that work ? 
  its it the liberal you value more ? 
  great post , really makes you think . 
  thanks for posting . 
  it 's just , that -6.13 is pretty left leaning is all . 
  just curious as to why not labour or greens . 
  but then again,
