  toe to toe , back to back , let 's go . 
  so you 're saying we should n't criticise politician at all ? 
  that 's not true , you 'll happily citicise may , so you 're saying we should n't criticise your preferred leader ? 
  why ? 
  your ~ ~ right ~ ~ write, 
  ftfy, 
  depends if one was having an economic or moral argument . 
  maybe the lefties are just `` louder '' types of people . 
  it certainly feeds into the narrative of the shy tory voter . 
  maybe so , just a different interpretation , ca n't be jumping to conclusions too hastily . 
  time honoured tradition . 
   the nation, 
  what is this ? 
  and no , britain is not feeling the bern . 
  the audience seems more balanced than the last debate . 
  so , in line with the polls ? 
  at least the tories are getting some cheers and claps this time round . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  true . 
  however , another embargo on that size will probably be the final death blow to oil , huge innovation in alternative energy sources were made as a direct effect of the '73 oil crisis . 
  we 're in a better position than we were back then . 
  secondly , opec is n't nearly as powerful as it was back then . 
  both in terms of market share and political unity . 
  but the parking . 
  it 's * free * . 
  there 's risk associated with both courses of actions . 
  as the future is yet to be set . 
  to continue to make the same because it 's the one we made previously , would be a sunken cost fallacy . 
  of course , say we were to define, 
  risk ( event ) = probability ( event ) x magnitude ( event ), 
  then i would say , that the risk associated with fueling sa warmongering is higher . 
  however , this is a purely qualitative analysis . 
  so if the numbers you pull out of your arse , are different to the numbers i pull out of mine , then we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  which is an unfortunate position to be in , while a decision needs to be made . 
  what 's the bet ? 
  mmp or bust !, 
  looks good , however , i 'm not quite sure about the merge on the bottom most road . 
  just my # 0.02, 
  the angle with which it intersects the main highway . 
  to my eye , at least , it looks a little sharp and abrupt . 
  wtf ? 
  i love currency inflation now !, 
   her love for spying on her citizens but that seems more like a european thing, 
  that 's not entirely true , most european entities have a greater respect for privacy than the us . 
  may is one of the lead figures in pushing its normalisation . 
  in general , she the head of the right wing party in britain , and has a thing for an authoritative government ( the government level porn filter comes to mind ) . 
  she proposing to censor the internet to fight terrorism . 
  claiming the government is too tolerant of extremist , ( while selling weapons to sa ) . 
  however , during her time as home secretary , ( her previous job , the one in charge of domestic security ) she cut funding to the armed forces and police budget . 
  all this in addition to what u/wolfgodapoclypse said . 
  what am i missing here ? 
  i thought the police force was in favour with corbyn over this particular issue . 
  this comic implies its pretty equal . 
   if you think that 's the case ... well i do n't know what to say to you, 
  of course , forgive me . 
  it 's just , well , er , [ this bus ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/nintchdbpict000323213499.jpg?strip=all&amp;w=960&amp;quality=100 ) , kinda put the focus on may , does it not ? 
  but of course , her front bench has played such a prominent role in this campaign , it would be unfair to say she made herself the focal point of the whole campaign . 
  oh , and with such a strong and stable ^ ^ tm manifesto , that set out a clear , and decisive path for britain , may could have been replaced by any other politician . 
  welcome to fptp, 
  should 've been turkey twizzlers . 
  damn you , jamie . 
   `` sophisticated andriod '', 
  i 'd give her 5 minutes in the commonwealth before someone shouted synth !, 
  many , many posts . 
  i 'm sure there are some very upset , snp  tory voters right now . 
  cleggs gone tho . 
  what makes you so sure ? 
  oh , okay , that makes sense , forgive me , it 's 4 am . 
   labour needs 100 seats for majority !, 
  that 's your take away from that ? 
  i 'm a fan of her candour . 
  in the house of commons , there are 650 seats . 
  for a party to control the hoc , and therefore form a government , they need 326 seats . 
  in order to push through basic laws , such as budgets . 
  the conservatives currently hold 318 seats . 
  which means they need to find extra seats . 
  irish party , sin fien , have 7 seats , that they abstain from occupying . 
  effectively , reducing the 650 seats to 643 seats . 
  which mean the working majority is now 323 . 
  still , the conservatives do n't have enough to pass even basic laws . 
  in order to govern the conservatives need to find at least another 5 seats . 
  the dup have 10 seats , so it is expected that the conservatives will strike some deal with them . 
  such as , `` if you vote to pass this budget , we 'll officially owe you a favour '' . 
  and that 's the tl ; dr of the entire situation . 
  because the tories want to get other things ( read ; everything that not related to brexit ) done during their time in government . 
  happy cakeday . 
  / u/polkamatic , come forth and claim your shit . 
  i was promised a return to reasoned debate after the election . 
  i think you 're onto something there . 
  who is mr. knight and why do you care so much ? 
   no shit, 
   yeah , we 're metaphorically drinking coffee and wondering how much bacon can actually be fitted into a single bacon sandwich , and desperately not thinking about the stain on the carpet and the mountain of dirty glasses that need to be washed , bottles returned , or how to move alan , who 's still comatose in the bath , and no one remembers exactly why he was invited in the first place . 
  this speaks to me on a deeply spiritual level . 
  she has done it to other scientific studies , so i see no reason why this does n't hold true . 
  as the prophecies foretold . 
  duuuuuuuuuuuuude , do n't disrupt the media narrative here . 
  above all else , the narrative * must * be preserved . 
  history does n't repeat itself , but it sure as hell rhymes . 
  it 's like groundhog days , we keep repeating it until we get it right . 
  hi future ^ ^ tm people in 2317 .
