  * if * such a system is implemented , ( which i do n't entirely agree with , mind you ) i 'd rather option a. 
  because at least that way , it puts it in the public eye and can be debated within the government . 
  but that 's just me . 
   when the people are told what they have to do in order to get a better threat score, 
  is n't that just an extension of law and order ? 
  we all know what we need to do to not end up in prison . 
  or should we keep everyone in the dark about everything ? 
  i do n't think you 've thoroughly thought through your position . 
  or alternatively you 've written off the idea because `` china is evil '' . 
  how do you represent the non religious ? 
  although i agree with you , we 're a niche market . 
  most people do n't go swapping heat sink , hell i doubt most people even know what a heat sink is . 
  this kind of thing would be well suited to say , laptops , tablets and pre built pc 's . 
   but i do n't think they 'd support the killing of foreign civilians . 
  what make you think that ? 
  they have no problem publicly executing their own . 
  i wonder how they did eva 's . 
  `` living wage '', 
  also having that much capital invested * now * as opposed to in 30 years would be a good move . 
   if only we had massive companies in charge of housing that could use scale to decrease rents, 
  sounds like a good plan , but maybe they should have some form of accountability to the general public . 
  say have an election every 5 years ? 
  and they need a big place to talk ( parl\u00e9 , if you 'd excuse my french ) about these things . 
  and this place can then put these things into action . 
  such thing often denoted by the suffix - ment . 
  too bad no such thing exists . 
  pretty close . 
  top 4.5 % . 
  ( source : somewhere else in this thread ), 
  is ubi not innovative ? 
  alternatively ... 
  there were a lot of things we could n't do in an cessna 172 , but we were some of the slowest guys on the block and loved reminding our fellow aviators of this fact . 
  people often asked us if , because of this fact , it was fun to fly the 172 . 
  fun would not be the first word i would use to describe flying this plane . 
  mundane , maybe . 
  even boring at times . 
  but there was one day in our cessna experience when we would have to say that it was pure fun to be some of the slowest guys out there , at least for a moment . 
  it occurred when my cfi and i were flying a training flight . 
  we needed 40 hours in the plane to complete my training and attain ppl status . 
  somewhere over colorado we had passed the 40 hour mark . 
  we had made the turn back towards our home airport in a radius of a mile or two and the plane was performing flawlessly . 
  my gauges were wired in the left seat and we were starting to feel pretty good about ourselves , not only because i would soon be flying as a true pilot , but because we had gained a great deal of confidence in the plane in the past ten months . 
  bumbling across the mountains 3,500 feet below us , i could only see the about 8 miles across the ground . 
  i was , finally , after many humbling months of training and study , ahead of the plane . 
  i was beginning to feel a bit sorry for my cfi in the right seat . 
  there he was , with nothing to do except watch me and monitor two different radios . 
  this was n't really good practice for him at all . 
  he 'd been doing it for years . 
  it had been difficult for me to relinquish control of the radios , as during my this part of my flying career , i could handle it on my own . 
  but it was part of the division of duties on this flight and i had adjusted to it . 
  i still insisted on talking on the radio while we were on the ground , however . 
  my cfi was so good at many things , but he could n't match my expertise at sounding awkward on the radios , a skill that had been roughly sharpened with years of listening to liveatc.com where the slightest radio miscue was a daily occurrence . 
  he understood that and allowed me that luxury . 
  just to get a sense of what my cfi had to contend with , i pulled the radio toggle switches and monitored the frequencies along with him . 
  the predominant radio chatter was from denver center , not far below us , controlling daily traffic in our sector . 
  while they had us on their scope ( for a good while , i might add ) , we were in uncontrolled airspace and normally would not talk to them unless we needed to ascend into their airspace . 
  we listened as the shaky voice of a lone sr-71 pilot asked center for a readout of his ground speed . 
  center replied : `` aspen 20 , i show you at one thousand eight hundred and forty-two knots , across the ground . '', 
  now the thing to understand about center controllers , was that whether they were talking to a rookie pilot in a cessna , or to air force one , they always spoke in the exact same , calm , deep , professional , tone that made one feel important . 
  i referred to it as the '' houston center voice . '', 
  i have always felt that after years of seeing documentaries on this country 's space program and listening to the calm and distinct voice of the houston controllers , that all other controllers since then wanted to sound like that , and that they basically did . 
  and it did n't matter what sector of the country we would be flying in , it always seemed like the same guy was talking . 
  over the years that tone of voice had become somewhat of a comforting sound to pilots everywhere . 
  conversely , over the years , pilots always wanted to ensure that , when transmitting , they sounded like chuck yeager , or at least like john wayne . 
  better to die than sound bad on the radios . 
  just moments after the sr-71 's inquiry , an f-18 piped up on frequency , in a rather superior tone , asking for his ground speed . 
  `` dusty 52 , center , we have you at 620 on the ground . '', 
  boy , i thought , the f-18 really must think he is dazzling his sr-71 brethren . 
  then out of the blue , a twin beech pilot out of an airport outside of denver came up on frequency . 
  you knew right away it was a twin beech driver because he sounded very cool on the radios . 
  `` center , beechcraft 173-delta-charlie ground speed check '' . 
  before center could reply , i 'm thinking to myself , hey , that beech probably has a ground speed indicator in that multi-thousand-dollar cockpit , so why is he asking center for a readout ? 
  then i got it , ol' delta-charlie here is making sure that every military jock from mount whitney to the mojave knows what true speed is . 
  he 's the slowest dude in the valley today , and he just wants everyone to know how much fun he is having in his new bug-smasher . 
  and the reply , always with that same , calm , voice , with more distinct alliteration than emotion : `` 173-delta-charlie , center , we have you at 90 knots on the ground . '', 
  and i thought to myself , is this a ripe situation , or what ? 
  as my hand instinctively reached for the mic button , i had to remind myself that my cfi was in control of the radios . 
  still , i thought , it must be done - in mere minutes we 'll be out of the sector and the opportunity will be lost . 
  that beechcraft must die , and die now . 
  i thought about all of my training and how important it was that we developed well as a crew and knew that to jump in on the radios now would destroy the integrity of all that we had worked toward becoming . 
  i was torn . 
  somewhere , half a mile above colorado , there was a pilot screaming inside his head . 
  then , i heard it . 
  the click of the mic button from the right seat . 
  that was the very moment that i knew my cfi and i had become a lifelong friends . 
  very professionally , and with no emotion , my cfi spoke : `` denver center , cessna 56-november-sierra , can you give us a ground speed check ? '', 
  there was no hesitation , and the replay came as if was an everyday request . 
  `` cessna 56-november-sierra , i show you at 76 knots , across the ground . '', 
  i think it was the six knots that i liked the best , so accurate and proud was center to deliver that information without hesitation , and you just knew he was smiling . 
  but the precise point at which i knew that my cfi and i were going to be really good friends for a long time was when he keyed the mic once again to say , in his most cfi-like voice : `` ah , center , much thanks , we 're showing closer to 72 on the money . '', 
  for a moment my cfi was a god . 
  and we finally heard a little crack in the armor of the houston center voice , when denver came back with , `` roger that november-sierra , your e6b is probably more accurate than our state-of-the-art radar . 
  you boys have a good one . '', 
  it all had lasted for just moments , but in that short , memorable stroll across the west , the navy had been owned , all mortal airplanes on freq were forced to bow before the king of slow , and more importantly , my cfi and i had crossed the threshold of being bffs . 
  a fine day 's work . 
  we never heard another transmission on that frequency all the way to our home airport . 
  for just one day , it truly was fun being the slowest guys out there . 
  so reason me this , reasonable reason 10 , why are you being so unreasonable ? 
  their is nothing else * to * critique . 
  everything else is statement of fact .
