  ah yes , to strengthen the union we must further expand europe '' \u00e0 la carte '' to allow members to drift as far apart as they please without actually leaving . 
  yes , its much better for the uk to leave global financial markets in a fucking state of uncertainty and instability for months before even beginning the withdrawal process . 
  christ , they chose leave so they can get the fuck out now , no need to make it as difficult and painful as possible . 
  i 'm not going to complain if that ends up happening . 
  many people who were strongly and vocally no in the last scottish independence referendum are already switching to yes for the inevitable 2 ^ nd . 
  * `` this is fine '' * you should know that when scotland leaves the chances of northern ireland following suit increases dramatically . 
  the brexit camp which ironically contains many of the most hardline unionists and british nationalists may have just started the speedy demise of the union they always claim to love so dearly . 
  wisdom does not cover intricate knowledge of macro economics and geopolitical futures . 
  i 'd also argue that someone who falls under this statement is n't wise : * `` i think people in this country have had enough of expert . 
  '' * as having wisdom means to have good judgment and ignoring experts is bad judgement . 
  i 'd like to think we are n't that selfish . 
  we of all people should be able to understand the struggles of independence and an independent scotland in the eu would have less power than it does as part of the uk right now anyway . 
  scotland is in the eu now , all they want is to remain as such . 
  an independent northern ireland , even reformed heavily , could not survive financially alone and i see no way of them getting eu membership either . 
  its either stay with england or reunify with the republic . 
  hopefully . 
  northern ireland is an inefficient mess because it is effectively an independent state within a state and there has to be two of everything so both sides feel like they are the ones in control . 
  reunification would mean a lot of changes and it would still be expensive and difficult but i believe worth it in the end as our legacy and foundation for our island 's future . 
  as for the north giving up what they have now and going along with this ? 
  they may not have much choice , they have just been dragged out of the eu and things are probably going to get very bad economically for a lot of people dependent on various forms of eu aid . 
  reunification may be the best option soon for more practical voters who previously considered themselves unionists . 
  if it gets to the stage where a hard border is going up between the north and the republic then i think that will be the last straw . 
  `` ha ha , tricked you '', 
  unification is something i now see as a possibility within 10 years depending on how things pan out so at least there may be some positive outcomes to the uk deciding to shit the bed . 
  for them ? 
  lol no . 
  i 'm disappointed in them but i 'm not going to complain as this just increased the chances of reunification with northern ireland happening in the relatively near future . 
   illusion of choice . 
  people are brought up with their religion you could make the same argument for people brought up in racist , sexist or homophobic households . 
  it is n't an excuse and it does n't justify it . 
  islam is open for criticism and so are those who follow it . 
   and face social consequences for leaving or denouncing it i 'm well aware . 
  all the more reason to hate the religion and criticise it 's followers for perpetuating it . 
   and islam is very varied . 
  all factions follow the teachings of an oppressive warlord who married children and killed all who opposed him . 
  all religions stifle progress but islam is objectively worse and is definitely the greatest threat to secularism at the present time . 
   i kinda feel the idiocy of differentiation based on religion first hand from my `` mother-in-law '' to be christianity has reformed , islam has not . 
  if christians where murdering hundreds of people in europe in the name of their religion every year and killing thousands more around the world while enforcing their religious law on tens or hundreds of millions of people through oppressive theocratic states then you may have a case . 
  but they are n't , so you do n't . 
  islam is by far the most dangerous threat posed by religion to secular society and human rights . 
   to be honest christianity is n't exactly different . 
  really ? 
   the only thing separating my ( christian ) neighbors from a syrian ( muslim ) peasant is that my neighbours will only talk bad a gay or a `` free '' woman while the syrian one it may go full 15 century on them ( throw them off a building to their death ) . 
  is that the only thing ? 
  gee , i guess people are blowing things out of proportion then huh ? 
  i mean , is there really a difference between being a backwards bigot who says mean things about gay people and a muslim who throws them off buildings to their deaths ? 
  we should consult with a homosexual on which religion they would prefer be the majority in their country , but i already have a feeling what the answer would be . 
  if its not safe for life then maybe the leaders of european countries should do more to try and prevent it . 
  people should see this , people should see what is happening on the streets of their cities and they should feel disgusted and they should feel angry and they should demand that more be done to prevent it from happening in the future . 
  people are becoming desensitized to this because it is happening so often , i have lost count of how many attacks have taken place over the last year or two and some politicians are actually saying that people just need to deal with it as a fact of life . 
  i do n't even know how many more of these attacks it will take for me to go from anger to depressive apathy but we 're certainly on that path . 
   xenophobic - having or showing a dislike of or prejudice against people from other countries . 
  i have nothing against people from other countries and think many of them can make a positive impact to our societies . 
  i just hate islam . 
  it is a terrible religion and is learned behavior so it is perfectly acceptable to criticise people for following it . 
  it is n't about where they were born , their sexual orientation , their skin colour , height or shoe size . 
  it is about what ideology they choose to follow and support , and criticising someone for following a religion is no different from criticising someone for their political affiliations . 
  fair game . 
  now it has 3 of them . 
   i actually agree with geert on a lot of things ' a lot of things ' = / = ` all the things ' the only thing you said to me was based on your own failure to make use of proper reading comprehension . 
  --  his desire to leave the eu is n't one of those things , but he speaks a lot of sense in regards to how many politicians and eurocrats will ignore massive issues for the sake of political correctness or impractical idealism . 
  how is that any different from :  some of his criticism is on point literally the only specific thing i mentioned in my comment that i agreed with him on was criticism of politically correct/idealistic eurocrats and politicians . 
  is that criticism not on point ? 
   then you are a person whithout solutions . 
  funny how you can derive that from me just saying i agree with him when it comes to things like :  how many politicians and eurocrats will ignore massive issues for the sake of political correctness or impractical idealism . 
  and then you immediately afterward say :  sure , some of geert 's criticism is on point so are you a person without solutions as well ? 
  you basically just agreed with me because that is essentially the bulk of my comment . 
  i actually agree with geert on a lot of things , his desire to leave the eu is n't one of those things , but he speaks a lot of sense in regards to how many politicians and eurocrats will ignore massive issues for the sake of political correctness or impractical idealism . 
  you would n't see this rise in right-wing euroscepticism if the eu actually had it 's shit together over the last decade and had efficiently made some cohesive plans that put the interests of eu citizens first . 
  the migrant crisis just demonstrates how fractured and aimless the eu is right now , i do n't want any more countries to leave the union but it 's an ever increasing probability if things do n't improve . 
  hopefully brexit can serve as a wake up call and drag the remaining 27 states closer together . 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2016/06/daily-chart  the un pays countries $ 1,330 a month per soldier , meaning that peacekeeping can be lucrative for poor nations . 
  tiny rwanda contributes 6,146 military personnel and pays just $ 16,500 to the budget annually , about as much as it receives for supplying one soldier . 
  yeah , very noble of them . 
   india : 7762 1,252,000,000 / 7762 = 161,298  ireland : 385 4,595,000 / 385 = 11,935 yup , still feel pretty proud that we contribute more than 13 times more troops per capita than india . 
   which i think still holds . 
  it does . 
  the good friday agreement 's future is uncertain and a hard border in northern ireland is practically inevitable regardless of what the british government implies because the demands they have stated ca n't coexist with an open border to a member of the eu and it 's customs union . 
  who knows what will happen once those border checkpoints come back , they are certainly a much more morally justifiable target for republican paramilitaries should they take a break from their drug running/dealing activities and return to their roots . 
  nationalism in northern ireland means something completely different to what you probably associate it with . 
  most unionists are british nationalists but nationalist is typically used as a synonym for `` republican '' , or people who support the reunification of northern ireland with the republic of ireland . 
  it does n't mean `` hyper-right wing kick all the immigrants out '' in ni if that is what you 're asking , sinn fein , the `` nationalist '' party are left-wing social democrats and progressive on most issues , far more so than the dup who veto gay marriage for example . 
  it 's the first time since the founding of the state in 1922 that unionists did n't win a majority . 
  sinn fein , the leading nationalist party will still have to go into coalition with the dup ( the largest unionist party ) if they want to rule locally but they said that they wont unless the dup leader arlene foster steps down and she said she wo n't so a stalemate is likely which will result in northern ireland going back under direct rule from britain . 
  this suits sinn fein because they get to blame the tories for everything and not having stable local rule nearly 100 years after the state 's founding is ammunition against the viability of unionism . 
   clean up politics that 's a good one . 
   you may recall a rather infamous secession event in america history . 
  i do n't see germany declaring war on britain , do you ? 
  would you call that a civil war if they did ? 
  i doubt it . 
   the us has survived for 200 years with a terrible constitution . 
  the united states is a singular country first , union of states second and when you consider the fact that states ca n't actually secede you quickly see why your example is bad . 
   ah alright , so when europe was n't secular everyone had the exact same culture . 
  got ya . 
  wait , no ... that 's not how that works ... you can have more than one culture . 
  religious culture is still a culture and it is still prevalent in the middle east because there are few secular countries there . 
  they are mostly islamic nations with laws and traditions based on the quran and so most of the people there have an islamic culture along with whatever national culture and identity they have . 
   i can think of afghanistan , iraq , maybe pakistan but that 's a 50/50 . 
  [ so two of the top 5 countries for migrant origin have a culture that considers women property by your own opinion on which countries have that culture . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/80/map_of_the_european_migrant_crisis_2015.png/1024px-map_of_the_european_migrant_crisis_2015.png )  goes to show how much you know about iran .
