  i 'm not expecting them to cover the entirety of irish history just as i 'm not expecting them to cover the entirety of canadian , australian or indian history but i expect them to cover key events . 
  we are also a special case , completely different from every other one of their colonial endeavours and massive actions such as the cromwellian conquest & plantation , great famine , irish independence and the troubles deserve mention . 
  i 'd recommend you watch this [ fantastic narrated tour ] ( https://dublinrising.withgoogle.com/welcome/ ) if you want to know a little more about the rising . 
  my neighbors grandson is from manchester where he sat his gcse 's about 5 years ago and a levels about 3 , we discussed and compared the subjects we were taught and history was among them . 
   online internet comments than that 's not exactly a well balanced or credible source . 
  by that metric discussion on this website is pointless . 
  i do n't see why redditors with a u.k flag and comment history that identifies them as english would lie in order to portray themselves as ignorant and badly-educated . 
  people do n't usually lie to portray themselves in a negative light . 
   on the flip side what do you know about cromwell outside his campaign in ireland ? 
  the history syllabus in ireland does n't go much into his actions in england , a paragraph or two at most on the english civil war . 
  * he is n't irish though * , he is an * english historical figure * and you would think that the english history syllabus would cover the major actions of a prominent english historical figure would n't you ? 
  i think the genocide of possibly up to half of the irish population and land seizure per county as high as 60 + percent would qualify as a major action . 
  i 'm pretty sure scandinavian schools do n't just talk about the vikings at home and ignore the whole raiding and pillaging part . 
  it does n't seem that way since if he comes up in a discussion and someone from the u.k is around they often come out in favour of him and either do n't know that much or do n't know anything about his actions across the irish sea . 
  they usually blame this on the history syllabus they were taught throughout their school-years . 
  its not just cromwell either , whenever the topic of history as taught in british schools comes up i often see many british people saying that it is very triumphilistic and tries its best to always portray britain in a positive light with fond recollections of her great empire . 
  usually the only mention of their closest neighbour is a brief piece on home rule , they somehow do n't even mention irish independence of the 26 or the troubles . 
  things might be different in ni , from my experience its primarily england that seems to only see the positive aspects of britains history . 
   cromwell did n't come close to killing anywhere near as many as hitler . 
  only due to the means he had available in the 17th century and the smaller population available to be killed . 
  estimates range from 15 % to 50 % of the irish population . 
  care to explain how ? 
  [ european union foundation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union#preliminary_.281945-1957.29 ), 
   potentially no industrial revolution without it , no modern united states without it , potentially no british empire ( as it was ) without it . 
  very direct . 
  / s indirect or not , if hitler did n't exist you would n't be defending cromwell on your * computer * today and the european union would not exist . 
  germany is the economic powerhouse it is today ** directly ** because of the infrastructure it built up during ww2 and the subsequent massive investment it got under the marshal plan after losing it . 
  ** they still teach that he was a genocidal cunt though . 
   no cromwell no parliamentary democracy as it is today . 
  can you imagine the repercussions of that ? 
  hitler started a war that lead to the invention of such a vast amount of new technology that we use today such as radar , jet engines , computers , nuclear power , etc as well as indirect advancements from organizations such as nasa which did what it did thanks to captured german scientists . 
  you could say he is responsible for pushing humanity forward 100 years in terms of technology over the span of 5 . 
  no hitler , no 90 % of the major technological advancements in the last 80 years . 
  can you imagine the repercussions of that ? 
  in german schools they do n't just not teach that he was also a genocidal bigot and responsible for the deaths of millions . 
  however , in u.k. schools they apparently just gloss over how much of a genocidal cunt cromwell was . 
  that none of them have because they ca n't fucking get to europe without passing through another safe country first . 
  they either registered there and travelled illegally or did n't register and violated the geneva convention . 
  they are n't following the rules required to make them refugees so they are n't refugees . 
  no one who entered europe illegally is a legitimate refugee because there is no direct border between europe and syria . 
  they did n't register in the first ` safe ' country they entered and instead chose to travel to europe because of all the fantastical tales that people such as traffickers told them . 
  they stopped being legitimate refugees when they left turkey and instead became economic migrants , * illegal * economic migrants . 
  the only legitimate refugees in europe are the ones who were picked from refugee camps in the middle east to be transferred here and those are the only ones who should be allowed to stay . 
  there is a reason why we need to vet people before they are allowed to enter europe and i 'm sure the events of last year and the year to come explain why that is the case . 
   sort shit out in syria elaborate . 
  you 're pretty naive to think that your own country 's citizens are not of higher priority than than those of a completely foreign nation . 
  the world is not yet united under one banner with common ideals , laws or cultural values so why ignore reality and pretend that it is ? 
  ireland is always ahead of the curve . 
  switzerland gets the engineers , germany gets the phds . 
  what does the rest of yurop get ? 
  [ uh huh ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/shitredditsays/comments/3u6wa7/thank_god_i_found_this_sub/cxch6or/ ) , those who disagree just have `` internalized islamaphobia '' rite ? 
  go back to srs please , you are the equivalent of extreme far right nazis , just at the alternate end of the spectrum . 
   this opposition to a common response to the crisis i agree , all eu states should contribute proportionally to securing the schengen outer border instead of just expecting border states to do it all themselves while a load of bleeding heart regressives in the west call them racists . 
  oh , was that not the common response you meant ? 
  did you mean just to let everyone who says `` i 'm a refugee ! '', 
  into europe and then expect all member states to take their share ? 
   terrorists killed perhaps 4000 people in europe/usa in the last decade . 
  cancer approxametly 20 million . 
  i do n't get why some people always try to rationalise it like that . 
  putting a `` small '' number next to a bigger number does n't actually diminish the impact of the `` small '' number , it just makes you look like an idiot that wants to downplay and ignore the issue . 
  `` spanish flu killed 50 million during a 2 year period but cancer killed less then so why are you concerned about cancer ?! '', 
  we just need to import some french to do all that outrage in the streets stuff . 
   patriotism to my own country you might want to read up on articles 2 and 3 of * our * constitution then . 
  rain is possible 365 days a year here and on the odd chance it 's too cold for that then we can get beautiful hail !, 
  i know you 're jealous of our grey skies and cold wintery rain so there 's no point in denying it !, 
  also , according to one of our weather reporters [ it 's a bit too exciting outside right now . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=govdhwjlyvy ) who does n't love a bit of excitement ? 
  you could say that the english picture invaded the irish one and imposed itself on it . 
  crazy talk !, 
  i see that and i do see your point but i doubt that those 13 % all had their family gassed by assad , i am specifically referring to those that support sharia law and a global islamic caliphate . 
  i do n't think people with that stance are compatible with european society , that 's really the only point i 'm trying to make . 
  and they chose to flee to europe over a country with sharia law why ? 
  i ask because i do n't see how you could support isis and not want your life governed by islam . 
  since that is the case , the two questions are why did they come here and why should they be allowed to stay since if they do n't cause problems their children or grandchildren will . 
  laois does n't exist and leitrim only exists when observed . 
  if someone is from donegal they 'll tell you . 
  galway is filled with hippies and drum circles . 
  i 'd tell you about limerick but i do n't want to be stabbed . 
  since i 'm from dublin though i should probably conform to my own stereotype and let you know that there no civilization outside the pale ; just a barren wasteland filled with culchies , you must never go there simba . 
   isis is operating as a functional state in parts of the territory they control . 
  they 're building civic infrastructure , providing medical care , picking upt he garbage , providing cash assistance to the poor and so on . 
  yet some of them are here , in europe . 
  if they have a positive or supportive view of isis then why did they leave their functioning paradise of sharia heaven to come and live with all us homogay infidels ? 
  people that support or are indifferent to isis and other extremists should n't be allowed to immigrate here as they clearly wo n't integrate . 
  they are n't even refugees if they get here , they ca n't reach europe without passing through other peaceful countries and if they do n't register in one of them then they simply are n't refugees anymore . 
  a housing bubble is already starting in dublin , we should expect to lose more in the future if something is n't done about it because the fuckwits never learn . 
  birth country ranks above citizenship acquired later in life unless you renounce citizenship to your birth country . 
  if someone was born in texas , studied at mit , then moved to ireland to complete their doctorate and stayed there afterwards to acquire citizenship they are still american first unless they renounce their us citizenship . 
  i have no problem with our government assisting with the process of improving conditions in poverty stricken nations outside of europe provided that the allocation of funds to do that does not result in a worsening of conditions for our own citizens here and that it is appreciated but not expected of us . 
  not currently , large bodies of water with no land connections tend to stop uncontrolled migration into the country . 
  our government offered to settle 4,000 of the `` syrian refugees '' . 
  how is it , for example , ireland 's responsibility to fix the inequality levels of the world ? 
  our nation had no part historically in shaping the regions where the quality of life is now so poor on average that people are trying to leave en mass . 
  you could easily make the case that colonial powers like the uk , france , spain , portugal , germany , italy , the netherlands and belgium share a considerable portion of the blame as to why the third world is embroiled in conflict and poverty . 
  the `` third world '' is mostly made up of the same regions that these powers suppressed and exploited for centuries before suddenly wiping their hands after drawing some arbitrary lines in the sand . 
  these push/pull factors you 're talking about were created through suppression and exploitation followed by abandonment and neglect at the hands of the powers that claimed these regions as their territory . 
  so , i 'm sorry , but the whole mantra of `` we 're all in this together '' does n't cut it with me . 
  some nations are partially or mostly responsible and some nations bear no responsibility whatsoever . 
  is that `` we '' referring only to the colonial powers that actually sculpted the regions you 're talking about ? 
  `` us irish are nearly as bad '' examples ?
