  the feck are you on about ? 
  i have n't seen someone light up inside a pub , restaurant or public building in over a decade . 
  we pay our taxes , we are the literal poster child of austerity , there was no civil unrest or total economic collapse and we did n't elect a revolutionary government . 
  dublin and cork are above the european average for cleanliness according to ibal and most country towns are spotless with them always competing for another tidy town award to stick on their welcome signs . 
  your comment astounds me , just another stereotypical irish self-loathing post i guess . 
  not having a playstation is n't a fucking `` degrading condition '' . 
  oh and i 'm sure if you do see proof you will admit fault and reevaluate his character as opposed to retreating to a heavily moderated subreddit to brainstorm more bullshit that fits your current narrative with other like-minded people ? 
  if you hate people that give the truth a platform then i 'm going to have to judge your character negatively and believe you have ulterior motives that seek submission of the general public to government and corporate groups . 
  i never said you were paid by ctr or even mentioned them but you seem to be missing out on a paycheck because you 're using all their talking points . 
  took a step out of / r/politics to put down assange because he also threatens clinton ? 
  how desperate , your comments reek of shill talking points whether you are being paid or not . 
   earth i 'm sure jeff goldblum will save us . 
  trying to equivocate it to slavery is n't going to change how i feel about it . 
  you took someones life and in turn you forfit the right to control yours , you are a drain on society and will work to mitigate that drain . 
  i support the death penalty when the evidence is absolute such as mass murders and only do n't support it universally because innocent people sometimes end up on death row . 
  i believe that if you take a life you forfeit yours . 
  i 'd argue that depends on the crime being committed . 
  murderers should always get life in prison at a minimum in a just world and if they are getting life in prison then they are not being rehabilitated because they are not rejoining society . 
  they should live a stark minimalist life devoid of luxury and be forced to work to help subsidize the taxpayers keeping them alive . 
  most of the major western media outlets are controlled by a handful of media moguls like rupert murdoch . 
  its not quite state controlled propaganda but they certainly push their own narratives . 
   but ireland is already going to benefit massively from the uk financial system ( at least partially ) moving there . 
  we are also likely to suffer massively . 
  we do a lot of trade of trade with the uk and share a land border with them . 
  also as a rule , for every 1 % drop in uk gdp ireland 's falls by 0.3-0 .8 % . 
  brexit is not a positive for us , we are just trying to make the most of it and mitigate the damage . 
  yeah , you have n't actually addressed anything i said and are just saying `` nuh-uh ! '', 
  the majority of unionists in northern ireland identify closely with scotland as that is where their heritage lies going back to the time of the plantations . 
  if scotland where to leave the uk it would deflate much of the cultural unionist vote and once that happens it is just the practical unionist voting block that remains in opposition to unification , the practical vote that can be swayed by things like billions of eu subsidies leaving ni and an economically struggling great britain diverting funds currently being shoveled there back to england . 
  i would n't be too confident that northern ireland wo n't leave if that happens and such a prerequisite situation is not unlikely . 
  you do know you have n't even started the leave process right ? 
  the chances of scotland and ni leaving the uk go up dramatically if you leave the eu and you have n't actually done it yet so ... \\* patiently waits for article 50 to be triggered \\*, 
   i 've integrated quite nicely though . 
  a lot of my migrant friends have too . 
  problem solved then !, 
  guess there are n't widespread integration problems because you and your friends are n't radical islamists . 
  good to know , thanks for clearing that up . 
   aka you and your friends shitposting on / r/europe yes , all those people killed over the last year and their families and friends are just shitposters on / r/europe . 
  nobody in real life actually wants any determined action to solve the problems with radical islamists so they can watch some fireworks without getting hit by a truck !, 
   y' all missed out on the fun in post-invasion iraq i guess . 
  i 'd rather my home continent did n't turn into a sectarian islamist shithole thanks . 
  people content with vague sentiments of sorrow and general inaction inaction while dozens die every week need to back their shit up . 
  because clearly not enough is being done and if this keeps happening then people are going to collectively wake the fuck up and demand that more be done . 
  what that `` more '' is is debatable but people are going to be demanding it soon if this recent trend of `` at least one islamic based attack every week '' continues . 
  integration has clearly failed , further action is needed . 
  literally importing controversy that is n't relevant to your country . 
  no , it is not showing `` solidarity '' , it is being an attention seeking asshole that wants an excuse to go against the police . 
  [ this one looks interesting enough ] ( https://wikileaks.org/akp-emails/emailid/244061 ) , mind taking a look ? 
  so you are skeptical of wikileaks but not skeptical of any of the glorious leader erdogan 's statements and actions this week ? 
  purging intellectuals as well now , how maoist of him . 
  there is no drawable comparison between the terrorist acts committed in the uk and ireland by nationalist and unionist groups and the islamic violence being committed by muslim migrants both new and old . 
  for them the enemy is the entirety of the western world , it is a war against tolerance , human rights , secularism and as such there is no possibility of ` peace talks ' or compromise . 
   the first is that people who commit and support monstrous acts are not necessarily monsters . 
  some of the individual attackers may just be disaffected , angry young muslim men and education combined with mandatory integration programs may help resolve that but make no mistake that the people spreading the message and those in charge are indeed monsters , they are evil lunatics with a plan to bring about an islamic caliphate and take everyone back to the 10th century . 
  i do n't see how the civil rights issues with catholics in ni and the subsequent troubles relate to this in any way other than the fact that innocent people died , you ca n't apply what was learned in ni to this problem . 
  there is a difference between speculation and stating your bulshit as facts . 
  they said `` scotland wo n't leave '' , a definitive statement presented as a fact when it is n't even likely given the reasons for the initial remain vote in the last referendum . 
  i never said that northern ireland will 100 % reunify with the republic as a result of brexit , i merely stated that it is a real possibility and my head of government agrees . 
  - have coup that was totally not staged by erdogan - coup forces tell people to remain indoors - erdogan and imams tell islamist hardliners to go out into the streets - they charge soldiers positions - they get shot and the 2016 darwinism award goes to ... 
   assumptions . 
  god forbid one speculate on the future !, 
  `` prepare for the * prospect * of northern ireland joining with the republic '' is literally the act of planing for a possible outcome , i.e. 
  speculating and assuming certain actions take place in the future , i.e. 
  sensible politics . 
   no doubt painting this gloomy picture of the uk will go down well on this sub though . 
  the entire premise of the leave campaign was based on things being shit in the short term and then having a shot in the dark for a better future years or decades down the road , that and many many lies . 
  the uk did a good enough job painting a gloomy picture themselves , their voters created the conditions for all this shit to occur , people are just planing for the future based on this new data . 
  they ca n't get a better deal than they already have with their membership right now , with their opt out and absence from schengen among other things . 
  the best case scenario for them will be worse than their current deal and it will take years to train negotiators and then negotiate all their trade deals from scratch , [ something the eu will not even allow to begin happen until after they have triggered article 50 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/27/europe-leaders-crunch-talks-brexit-fallout ) . 
  the eu has the advantage in these negotiations and they will be looking to keep that in the final deal , it is logical to assume that they will come out on top , i.e. 
  a `` shit '' deal for the uk compared to what they have . 
  what exactly have i made up ? 
  45 % of scotland voted to leave in the last independence referendum with the stay campaign 's arguments that they would lose eu membership being a large factor in that outcome . 
  62 % of scotland voted to remain in the brexit referendum which further highlights this divide among the countries within the uk . 
  it is a logical conclusion to assume that the inevitable referendum that will be called after article 50 is triggered will be much closer and likely result in a leave vote . 
  [ the brexit campaigners themselves admit that the uk is heading for a recession and would try to have people believe that this was inevitable anyway . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/26/nigel-farage-ukip-britain-recession-brexit ) northern ireland gets billions in subsidies from the eu and many unionists have a strong affinity to scotland . 
  scotland leaving the uk and the uk leaving the eu as well as a recession will both destroy the economy and let a lot of air out of many unionists tires . 
  planing for a reunification now that it is objectively more plausible is just common sense , i am n't making anything up . 
  all things which are likely to happen and as such should be prepared for in case they should occur . 
  things much less likely to happen already have detailed plans with multiple brainstormed solutions already written up , preparing for irish reunification is common sense . 
   scotland wo n't leave the uk . 
  you have absolutely no way of knowing that . 
   theresa may has suggested that she wo n't activate article 50 until scotland supports it . 
  if that was the case then brexit will never happen because scotland wants to remain in the eu . 
  theresa may also said that `` brexit means brexit '' so i highly doubt she will postpone triggering article 50 indefinitely just to appease scotland . 
  if the uk leaves the eu then it is highly likely that scotland will leave the uk and seek to retain the uk 's eu membership with as many of the current benefits as they can . 
  they wont succeed and will lose many but that is better than remaining part of a non member state . 
   a referendum was also rejected in northern ireland because there was nothing to suggest that a majority wanted to join the republic of ireland . 
  the uk leaving the eu did n't seemingly have a huge impact on loyalty to the uk in northern ireland . 
  there is no way of knowing that until a border poll is conducted and variables that would massively effect the result of such a poll have yet to actually happen such as the triggering of article 50 , scottish independence and the final act of abandoning membership which will result in large amount of eu subsidies leaving ni . 
   at the moment this is all just `` maybe '' and knee-jerk commenting . 
  at the moment this is my head of government requesting the eu prepare for an outcome that english voters have made plausible . 
  it is a perfectly reasonable request for the eu to plan for such an occurrence . 
   it would be much easier for everyone if the uk remained in the eu but we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  you see , that would require the majority of your electorate not having voted to leave :\\ ^ ), 
  scotland leaving , a shit brexit deal for the uk and the inevitable recession you will enter may serve to be strong motivators for reunification . 
  time will tell but the eu should prepare for the possibility now regardless . 
  it is more disturbing than terrifying , it is disturbing that the apparent majority of the population want an ever power hungry semi-islamist autocrat to remain in power and further curb their civil liberties . 
  the people are n't always right , erdogan supporters not caring that he imprisons people than so much as upload a funny picture of him online does n't mean that it is right or morally defensible .
