  there are honour killings in iran , not to the same degree as in other countries in the middle east but they do still happen hundreds of times every year . 
  [ and when you have to get permission to work or travel from your husband you are property by my definition ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/womens-life/11875128/irans-women-problem-all-of-the-things-iranian-women-arent-allowed.html ) . 
  you can disagree if you want but i do n't really give a fuck if you do because who defends that shit ? 
   the exact opposite tends to happen , actually . 
  since the gender divide is so large in certain countries , many are intimidated by women when they come to europe . 
  all those raped women must have to work on being more intimidating right ? 
  christ . 
   uhm , no , it does n't . 
  uh , yes , it does . 
  a women has less rights than a man and often has to seek male permission and accompaniment to carry out basic societal functions . 
  they are therefore considered inferior in islamic culture . 
   but since it 's patriarchal the male part has more ` freedoms ' . 
  nice quotations , the word is rights and women in islamic countries are denied those rights by the men that live there . 
  i am done explaining this basic shit to someone who is sounding more and more like a misogynist with each comment . 
  many treat women like garbage and i do n't want them here , you are defending their culture for reasons unbeknownst to me . 
   so first of all , no , islam is not a culture . 
  yes , it is . 
   that 's like saying christianity is a culture yes , it is . 
  it 's just reformed and less prevalent in 2016 . 
   yet somehow all of europe has not the exact same culture . 
  europe is secular . 
  if me made it so europe 's laws all had to adhere to the literal text of the bible and that text was considered to be the literal word of god which can never be changed in some sort of reforming movement as a result then europe would be a theocratic shithole as well but we do n't so it is n't . 
   aside from that , the rights and views on women are differing drasticly from country to country . 
  all of which are worse than europe and many of which where migrants are coming from do have laws and culture that make women the property of men . 
   was talking about the `` property '' aspect mostly . 
  iran is still a theocratic shithole and many women there are the de facto property of their fathers and then husbands even if the official law does n't state so . 
  my entire point ? 
  women are treated like shit in the vast majority of regions where these migrants are coming from so many treat women like shit when they come here . 
  it 's not fucking rocket science , islamic culture instills in men the belief that women are inferior to some degree wherever it is prevalent so they treat them as inferior and do what they please to them . 
   holy shit the generalisations are real . 
  islam is a culture as well as a religion and it is the predominant culture in the countries where the majority of migrants are coming from so what exactly am i generalizing ? 
   do iranians count into that ? 
  most migrants are n't coming from iran but last i checked iran is a theocratic republic that is bound by sharia law so not the best place for women who enjoy their rights either . 
  of what ? 
  it is n't exactly surprising that letting in hundreds of thousands of men from a region where the predominant culture considers women to be property disproportionately increases the occurrence of sexual assault and rape, 
   and over 80 % ( ? ), 
  of southern eire 's imports are from the british mainland . 
  yeah , that 's just wrong , it 's more like 30 % and over 5 % of that is oil from scotland . 
  are your really so full of yourselves to think we are dependent on you ? 
  it 's a lot easier for us to just import more from someone else than it is for you to completely change your trading partners and make dozens of new agreements or try sell your soon to be tariffed shite to europe . 
  you are a trade partner of convenience and you are on a path to making it inconvenient . 
   trade with the british isles is paramount for your statelet 's survival . 
  you really have no choice but to forge closer trade deals with rest of the uk and disengage from the eu . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-irish_trade_war ) we already survived a trade war with you insufferable bastards when our state was in it 's infancy without the eu and our well established trade agreements with the rest of the planet . 
  it 's laughable if you think any irish citizen cares about your type 's disrespect for us or our nation because it is * our * nation and all we see are the salty tears of pettiness from deluded englishmen reminiscing about a dead and buried tyrannical empire . 
   you do n't get to decide how we call things around here , thank you . 
  we do n't recognize the term and we as a country do indeed get to decide what * we * are called . 
  our country is called ireland and your 's is called england , not lower right region of the atlantic archipelago . 
  there is no need to be petty about it . 
  and you are mistaken if you think your trade situation is not much more dire than ours . 
  only 15 % of our exports go to the united kingdom and you are actually below belgium in terms of trade income whereas the majority of your trade both ways is done with members of the single market you are leaving . 
  good luck with that , hopefully for you scotland does n't leave with all your oil . 
   british isles no . 
   southern ireland just ireland bud or the republic of ireland if the former upsets you . 
  brexit will have a severe impact on our economy but it wo n't be a catastrophe . 
  estimates are around $ 9-10 billion in lost output over 5 years if no changes are made to our current policies but our economy is already beginning to slowly shift towards a us and europe focused market and all industries are being discouraged from relying on uk trade . 
  on your end , scotland may split away to rejoin the eu and who knows how that will affect unionism in ni . 
  brexit is as much a threat to your own union as it is to our economy . 
  there is no way around it . 
  they are leaving the single market so there needs to be a hard border for customs checks as well as to prevent freedom of movement due to their desire for total immigration control . 
  nationalists in the north are going to feel isolated and marginalised again with financial stress due to a loss of eu subsidies and lack of british investment or care for ni compounding the issue . 
  i already expect a return to violence , i 'm just wondering to what degree . 
  unfortunate timing . 
  `` if you kill them , they win . '', 
  they should n't be , but they likely will be because of pc outrage culture . 
  who is them ? 
  who is the fine addressed to ? 
  my point is that it is never just as easy as `` fine them !, 
  simple ! '' . 
  like the whole `` burkini '' thing , people will blatantly do it anyway in a very public setting next to police to force them to act and then throw a massive shitfit to escalate the situation . 
   and what agenda-driven media are you talking about ? 
  the media talking extensively about racial tensions in germany ? 
  i mean at times you get the feeling that germany is in open civil war when you consume our `` agenda-driven media '' . 
  the agenda-driven media that almost only shows pictures of women and children when talking about refugees despite over 3/4 being adult males . 
  or at least they did , i stopped consuming it nearly a year ago so i do n't know if they have shifted narrative since then . 
  and what if they do n't want to go to the police station ? 
  what happens when you have pictures of a police officer tackling someone wearing a burka being used to push a narrative by the agenda-driven media ? 
  and how do you verify that the person who gave you the id is the person on the id ? 
  ask for id and look at their * face * to see if it matches ? 
   because laws are not crafted solely by people affected by crime . 
  in this case they are being crafted solely by people * not * affected by crime . 
  do you think the people making these open refugee and immigration policies are n't living in rich secluded communities far from any refugee camps ? 
  you are looking at the exact opposite end of the spectrum here , the people making the laws get to ignore the problems caused by them and just jerk each other off about how humanitarian they are while the refugees are dumped in poor and middle class neighborhoods where crime rates start skyrocketing . 
  you can thank american hegemony for that . 
  it is also an american site with a majority american userbase . 
  how do you know who to fine ? 
   [ kiskunhalas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kiskunhalas ) used to be surrounded by lakes that were rich in fish , halas in hungarian , and this gave rise to the town 's name . 
  the other part of the name comes from the hungarian kiskun - , meaning little cumania ( hungarian : kiskuns\u00e1g ) ; kun was what the hungarians called the [ cuman people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cumans ) . 
  the history behind names is an interesting topic . 
  the government operatives watching them masturbate do n't want to see anything too lewd . 
  and northern ireland would collapse into a black hole . 
  they are n't being persecuted in libya . 
  they are n't being returned to libya , they are being left off shore with the means to return there themselves . 
  they are n't being returned to libya , they are being left off shore with the means to return there themselves . 
  they are n't being returned to libya , they are being left off shore with the means to return there themselves . 
  they are n't being returned to libya , they are being left off shore with the means to return there themselves . 
  that 's life , i do n't get transported to a country with a better health service when i get sick . 
  do you expect europe to just take everyone from the dozens of african/asian countries with a lower standard of living ? 
  they came from there and they can return there . 
  rescue them , give them food and medical attention on board and then tow them in an inflatable barge to just off shore before cutting them loose .
