oh , that was beautiful !, 
  i think it depends on the country . 
  muslins here are quite happy , mostly , and right after the paris attacks a tv went to interview a muslin community . 
  the guy was interviewing 2 women , mother and daughter , and the daughter had her hair covered , and midway through the interview the mother interrupted the guy and asked the daughter why the hell she was wearing that thing . 
  the daughter said it was cute and since she was muslin people did n't find it weird that she wore it . 
  the mother made her take it off , because it would ruin her hair . 
  it was just very ... * portuguese * to me , something my agnostic mother would do to my non-believer self , regardless of where we were and who we were with , and how pissed off i 'd be . 
  is that why dutch people are the worst tourists here ? 
  ours used to be white on black , too . 
  they were so pretty . 
  but , more than that , was n't she passed out drunk ? 
  that would be rape , regardless of her age . 
  yeah , pretty much everyone knows who he is . 
  you 're reminding me of when michael jackson died . 
  i had just logged in in a chat and two americans i used to talk with were discussing his death . 
  when i realised who they were talking about i wrote `` what ?! '', 
  one of them then processed to explain to the savage here that michael jackson was a very famous pop-singer . 
  you do n't say ? 
  you can live as a king . 
  they also do n't know how to cook rice properly . 
  i remember when that litter was spotted . 
  my fb and my twitterfeed exploded . 
  that was amazing . 
  seriously , we have easter sunday and that 's it . 
  til that easter monday is a thing . 
  i , of course , was n't saying that all americans are here to tell us what to do . 
  it wo n't affect our tourism , because tourists were already being checked . 
  this is for eu people coming home . 
  oh , absolutely not !, 
  i was just correcting that bit . 
   a restoration is simply to `` complete '' the parts of the piece that are lost . 
  art restorer here : restoration is to keep the rest to be destroyed and to give an impression of what would have been were the piece complete , never to paint it again . 
  nah , because the other was click-bait-y and confirmed a bunch of extreme morons ' biases and this does not . 
  i mean , i literally escaped an eta blood bath during a shopping trip by 30 minutes and i 'm not even spanish ... 
   3 week old account by guy from seattle . 
  i find it hilarious that the losers going around here spouting hate , telling us how to govern our continent , wanting to ~ protect ~ europe are all americans . 
  good thing we have the vastly superior americans to explain to us how to manage our continent , right ? 
  i went to check and why am i not surprise you 're not even european ? 
  mind your own fucking business , you fucktard yankee . 
  i live in portugal , and i usually go to my grandparents summer house in the north , right near the spanish border . 
  because it 's a high mountain zone , and the mountains in the spanish side are taller , very often i 'm in portugal , but my cellphone is catching the spanish signal instead , so i end up using roaming service without noticing , and paying for it . 
   a fairly respected and definetly successful politician in what planet ? 
  the portuguese translations are pretty great . 
  my 61 years old mother still uses a pun from one of the older issues and when i was reading one that came a few years ago , i laughed so much at a scene , i cried . 
  yay for us !, 
  i just realised i ca n't pronounce connecticut to save my life . 
  is that second c silent or not ? 
  i 've never been this happy with an eu regulations . 
  i can even begin to explain how the sound of some vacuums fucks me up . 
  for the love of fuck !, 
  a plane literally fell on his little girl while they were happilly playing on the beach , and people are expecting him to react normally to the most fucking abnormal thing possible ?!, 
  do you honestly think he 's even aware what 's fucking real right now ?!, 
  tvi should be drowned on that beack publically just for thinking it was awesome idea to interview someone in shock . 
  lisbon = / = portugal, 
   northern * interior * nope , porto 's idea of a beautiful day is fog that you can cut with a knife . 
  you do realize the north is part of portugal , too , right ? 
  lol , what ? 
  what 's the problem ? 
  i have a fairly current tintin au congo portuguese edition and it comes with a huge disclaimer beforehand , explaining the history context and why they chose to continue the publication , so we wo n't forget how non-whites were viewed at the time , so we get , rightfully so , horrified by it . 
   swedick my deepest apologies to my darling swede friends , but ... your country has a new name , now , sorry . 
  i know many . 
  hell , 2 of the 6 that died 3 years ago were women . 
  went into a rant claiming he was a proud feminist and was offended that there were only men in the picture ( how can he tell ? 
  most are facing down ) . 
  i checked and , yup , proud redpiller . 
  probably an incel , too . 
  my screen is so dirty i tried to clean andorra off of it . 
  that 's a redpiller using this post to mock women . 
  oh great , a redpiller trying to be funny in this situation . 
  [ the gorgeous laurisilva in madeira island ] ( http://whc.unesco.org/en/list/934 ), 
  i love this idea . 
  see my answer below . 
  that was the official record , since amareleja has its own station and it 's a wide area . 
  foz c\u00f4a ( and many other places ) have pockets of microclimates that reach 50\u00ba + easily every year . 
  that year , where i was , we got to the mid 50s\u00ba in some days . 
  then one day it reached 60\u00ba for a few minutes . 
  we would go to work ( hard work ) at 6 in the morning , go back at noon and then we 'd sleep the rest of the afternoon , because it was impossible to function . 
  they 're literally meters away from safety . 
  ( i 'm sorry for the ad before the video ), 
  in the posts asking for personnel to come and help veterinarians are listed along nurses , psychologists and so on . 
  62 dead and rising , 27 villages wiped of the map . 
  early morning i shared a post on fb of a desperate couple , who 's away and their 4-years old boy rodrigo , who was with his grandma , was missing . 
  it 's been confirmed that he died . 
  i ca n't stop crying . 
  yes , please . 
  especially since we 're having a raging wildfire that already killed 24 people ( that number is expected to go up , since there are still people missing ) . 
  2003 was the hottest year ever . 
  i wo n't tell you the temperature we got one day when i was working in some archeological excavations in foz c\u00f4a that year ... 
  i said that because the douro valley can turn into hell quite easily . 
  just this winter the valley was at a balmy 20\u00ba , while the mountains around were covered in snow . 
  it always is . 
  i remember last year some expert was being interviewed when the interviewer said something about 60 % of the fires being arson , and the expert interrupted him to point out those were only the ones they could prove . 
   hello my fellow baguette adorable . 
  i got a 5 swiss franc cents coin the other day instead of a 10 c $ nts . 
  a couple of years ago it snowed in the first week of summer here in portugal . 
  that was fun . 
  the tourists were very confused ( as usual ) . 
  it 's 17 and raining on a sunday . 
  i 'm bored . 
  17 and raining in porto today .
