  people ( at least those who pay attention to stuff like this ) do understand that we are part of `` latin civilization '' . 
  we are `` europeans '' . 
  but for me and for lots of people i talked about this is only a small part of european idenity . 
  thats an overlay to our national idenity . 
  i 'm pole first , european second ( althought i do know i could not be pole without being part of europe - as a geographic , cultural , ethnical concept ) . 
  i do understand that it differs in eastern and western europe and some of you may have problem with understandind what it means but i think thats the way it works in catholic/orthodox countries of east/southeast europe . 
  so answering the question - it is probably impossible for quite some time to get the european idenity ahead of national one . 
  as long as we are nation first , civilization idenity second , and we are proud of our countries and heritage , getting european idenity ahead of national is not happening , or at least not happening all over the europe in next few years . 
  soooo you basically confirmed what i have said . 
  you may have not violated laws we all agreed upon , but you act the way we dont like , thereforme `` bad poland , bad poland , no treat for you ! '' . 
  in politics theres not really such thing as reputation and influence as something connected to reputation . 
  you either have money , you either have power ( army , energy , population ) or you dont . 
  you either have strong goverment that is able to impose its will on other countries or you are not . 
  even if i dont like german goverment , if i dont agree with its actions and general view on europe shure as hell i have to admit they are strong and efficient almost singlehandedly ruling the europe . 
  also . 
  its funny how i always get downvoted . 
  `` what ?!, 
  this little pole says they can rule by themselfes without looking back at the only being capable of pointhing them the way ? 
  something about independence ? 
  and not bashing their stupid goverment from left to right ? 
  ill downwote the shit out of him :d great . 
  that only makes this whole shitty situation more clear :d, 
  obviously its not true . 
  poland meets ( to a degree , as every single eu country ) every basic requirement to be in eu . 
  we signed the treaties , created ranks , certain eu laws are more important than our own laws ( ustawy ) . 
  we even had to change our constitution so it would be within the law of treaties ( imagine germany doing so :d ) . 
  outside of the bare minimum of going along the treaties it is as i said , we are independent country and we can do as we please ( that does not mean i like the shitstorm , i just think its internal affair ) . 
  so no , the thing we are discussing here is out of the question regarding eu . 
  if theres some real breach in making the law and it being contrary to basic eu treaties there are tribunals in eu itself . 
  and theres a suprise , as far as i know ( and looking at the shitstorm and no real formal action from eu tribunals [ any of them ] current situation in my country has nothing to do with any ue tribunal nor any official in eu . 
  so no , the thing you wrote is not really true . 
  but you know , if theres a country that dont follow certain `` western '' guidelines it will always be criticised, 
  `` i would expect that this law is not finally adopted or at least not put into force until all questions regarding the impact '' how nice of them to be onlyone rightous , never wrong and in position to expect something and demand that independent country would do as some bureaucrat says ... world is standing on its head right now and everyone says its good becouse they dont like the goverment in my country . 
  better part is that milions of people , especially in western europe got fooled about whats happening in my country and some of those people think that eurocrats have any right yo stick their dirty noses in our business ... 
  but still they forget that theres no independence if its not our goverment that decides but western politicians . 
  we had something similar once , just the orders came wfrom east not the west . 
  shure . 
  but to a point . 
  and theres littke to no effect on other countries in this particular matter other than liberal europe not liking `` traditionalist '' party ( i dont say right - wing becouse it has somewhat negative connotations , and they are socialist so its not really `` right wing '' in my book ), 
  mate , i 'm not familiar with post editing on reddit , but i specificaly wrote nicks of people who i was writing about . 
  latase did write specificaly about poland in general not the goverment . 
  savanna wrote about particular party and i answered that happily this party does not affect him , so shitting on some party that is absolutely of no interest to him is pointless . 
  here we go . 
  theres a pole who wrotes the simpliest , most natural thing one could write after the election . 
  and here we are , some german ( latase ) who obviously knows absolutely nothing about poland writes something utterly ridiculosus without any backup in facts . 
  maybe its germany that have problem with corruption ? 
  becouse you definately took few steps back in terms of developement in last years . 
  honestly , why would one shit on some other mans fatherland without any reason with no real knowledge about what hes talking about . 
  be proud enought to talk some reasonable things , not sume utter bullshit . 
  savannajeff happily it does have nothing for you , as you live on other part of the globe , so why would you bother to enter some topic and write some empty words ? 
  i dont want to put down german cousine , but some parts of it - as wurst , schnitzel , sauerkraut and eisbein and kartofeln are all our common cooking ancestry mate  bonus question : you identify yourself as german , pole , or german pole ? 
  i do get that . 
  ( i mean second part ... not about the cousine :d and bigos ? 
  dont tell me you dont like go\u0142\u0105bki !? 
  when i was younger and didnt have much to talk to or wish to anyone from my family except usual stuff , it didnt matter whole that much . 
  but after getting a bit older , understanding my parents a bit better , living separately and getting lots of help from them , lots of talking ( other than usual ` how was the school ' - you know ) thats when i started to appreciate it a little bit more . 
  i still tend to get with usulal wishes when im sharing op\u0142atek with my father in law or someone i dont feel really connected with . 
  too bad mate . 
  i 'm meat loving person . 
  i 'm not particulary religious one , so from time to time after wieczerze i go to chill with friends with a beer or four . 
  but honestly , this very specific one meal i can go without meat . 
  you can yeat meat literaly around one thousand meals in a year , and if you cant do it with one important meal thats ... sad and weird . 
  same with op\u0142atek . 
  i agree sometimes its the same as birthday wishes - happy bla bla , have great bla bla bla etc. 
  but sometimes ... sometimes its occasion to whisper some sincere stuff to someone important - to your parents that helped you a lot , to your wife who you argue with , kids ... its tradition . 
  your either go with it or not . 
  but its you who make it what it is . 
  and even thought im not religoius imtrying my best to make it as great as possible for my whole family including my parents , kids , wife and me . 
  quite honestly its beutyfull tradition , but it would be hard to go with it all the time . 
  once , around 7 years ago my mother invited our neighbor , who was living on her own at the time , as her son went to england for work . 
  but we did know her , we did know shes alone , so thats something different than real unexpected , unknown person at your door at the time you want to be with your family . 
  theoretically its beutyfull custom , but damn would it be hard to just open to it in 100 % and be able to literally invite anyone . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8u2tqcwcerm norwegian christmas food eaten by americans from their embassy :d thats some fun :d, 
  in poland the most important meal is on christmas eve . 
  its called `` wieczerza wigilijna '' ( eve supper ? 
  dont know how to translate that ) . 
  thats the time we sing kol\u0119dy ( christmas carols - but we sing them sometimes during christmas too ) , we share `` op\u0142atek '' ( christmas wafer ) and santa is giviong out presents . 
  all christmas eve , including wieczerza is meat free ( fish is not meat obviously :p ) . 
  theres a lot of `` kiszona kapusta '' ( sauerkraut ) in different forms in different regions , theres a lot of carp , and herring . 
  potatoes obviously :d ( also in `` pierogi ruskie '' ( russian pierogi 's ? 
  - despite the name its polish cousine :p ) . 
  i also forgot ... we eat quite a lot of mushrooms , mostly the ones we collect in the forest ourself in thautumn - but this may differ from family to family . 
  theres a custom , that at christmas eve table we should have twelve cousines . 
  and everyone should try and eat a bit of every one of them . 
  we also always have one free plate for unexpected guest that can come and join every family for the evening . 
  dont really know it people would just accept someone , as in 30 years noone ever came to my house , but thats the custom we eat meat mostly after the midnight or on another day - first day of christmas . 
  there are obviously two christmas dinners , but they are not as important in our tradition as wieczerza wigilijna . 
  and honestly , we eat ( at least in my family ) we eat leftovers from wieczerza plus various meats - mostly pork . 
  beef is sadly not popular in poland . 
  we eat more and more of goose , sometimes turkey , but mostly pork . 
  and thats bout it . 
  mate , dont get fooled by this kinds of statements  we tend to be bitter about our history - `` your country had it better than mine !, 
  :( '' - , there might be some kind of resentment towards our western and eastern neighbours , but hate specificaly to germans or russians or french folks etc is big overstatement . 
  dont know if the flag is showing up , so - i 'm polish . 
  had hard time at first . 
  but . 
  best wishes to our brothers in hungary !!!, 
  litwa ( lithuania ) - common history , great beer , nice overall , wilno is beutyfull as hell , despite language difference , lots of people overthere know polish/english , they seemed friendly ( althought i heard some of lithuanians dont like polish people becouse of our sometimes not that good gistory ) 2 . 
  czechy ( czech republic ) - for being probably the one and only laid back slav nation  with beutyfull cities and general happyness damn , its hard a hell to pick only 3 . 
  i would like to mention balkan states ( chorwacja [ croatia ] , serbia [ well ... serbia ] , czarnog\u00f3ra [ montenegro ] , s\u0142owenia [ slovenia ] no disrespect for any of this countries as i know there can be tensions between them , i just like them .
