  maybe for you , changing 5 judges and still being minority is in fact `` packing ct with majority of pis supporters '' , but it has nothing to do with reality and it is factual error . 
  i could elaborate on other things too . 
  theres nothing new in the field of tv being under state control . 
  it always has been this way and nothing changed . 
  for 8 years public tv was supporting previous goverment , now they changed lots of people and public tv will support new goverment . 
  im old enought to see it four like 4th or 5th time already . 
  while that one is not factual error its obviously simple way to show the new gov in bad light . 
  catholic driven state is another bullshit obviously . 
  i wont even say much about that . 
  another thing with citing some young lad from uk . 
  you can obviously take anyone ane base your opinion on that persons point of view . 
  thats nt an factuall error as well , but its simple manipulation . 
  other than that . 
  polish migration in uk is young in general . 
  yet they voted mostly for pawel kukiz and then pis . 
  po was third . 
  so ... they indeed voted against last goverment , so in that matter it was also wishfull thinking at best . 
  theres one thing hi hit the spot - about rejecting as much liberalism and western influence as possible . 
  thats true and many , maaany poles think the same way . 
  ots of people over here see western europe as weak and spoiled , tangled in some sick political correctioness ( shit , no idea if i said it in right way ) . 
  so , that was one of the most true things in the article . 
  why i have to prove im not an camel ? 
   ( its a polish saying ) . 
  but , i dont want to make it some badinage . 
  so ill , state the most obvious mistake - the one regarding constitutional tribunal . 
  as article states : `` the goverment has sought to pack the constitutional court with majority of its supporters '' . 
  obviously its not true . 
  ct consists of 15 judges . 
  in last months there were 5 new judges , as the old ones ended their time in ct. . so , , not getting into ct debate , not judging what previous and current gov did , at best theres 10 to 5 in ct. . dont know how about you , but in poland that does not equal to majority of supporters , , especially , when the jurnalist `` forgot '' or didnt think of it as something wrong , that earlier , basically it was 15 to 0 and that was ok , and not packing with majority . 
  cheers . 
  author of this article did porly on checking the facts , at least when it comes down to poland . 
  im not speaking about his bias , as its normal among `` western '' journalists , but he had made several factual errors regarding current situation in my fatherland . 
  so ... take everything he writes with a pinch of salt also , west is not exactly loosing the battle , i think our battle for freedom and democracy differs in many ways from the `` western battle '' . 
  there are few common points , so to say they are loosing is not accurate . 
  we didnt exactly seek to be like french or german in every way , so i think he dont really understand what hes talking about, 
  and why exactly would that be ? 
  theres no treaty , no convention , no bilateral contract or agreement that could force poland to take a single refugee that did not come directly to poland . 
  please get to know geneva conventions or refugee convention or eu treaties . 
  its simple . 
  you are responsible for refugees that register in your country ( ant even that to a degree , becouse refugees have an obligation to register in first safe country with would be greece , turkey , hngary , bulgaria etc ) . 
  as far as i know , not a single middle eastern or african refugee came to poland in last months . 
  so its basically our good will to take every single one of them from other countries . 
  its a help , not an obligation . 
  i 'm sorry you are salty becouse you would like other countries would have so much trouble as germany right now , but theres no real reason for it . 
  especially merkel herself with her actions made this problem even worse with all her invitations . 
  germany does not transfer money to poland . 
  they are contritubing to eu budget , which from poland is given grants . 
  so even in that matter you simplified thing or got it all wrong . 
  if anything , germany is transfering money out of poland throught lots of corporations . 
  also , you should read what are you talking about . 
  poland did not break a single agreement . 
  our goverment made clear rules for taking refugees . 
  so far , only 400 people meet those demands . 
  if there will be more of them , they will be transfered , up to around 6-7 thousand . 
  and even if they would break the rules , eu grants have nothing to do with your refugees . 
  so ... chill out and check facts, 
  they did everything previous goverment agreed to . 
  po just did a good job with setting rules for accepting refugees - most basic thing - verified idenity , origin , acquired refugee status - granted asylum etc. 
  thing is , not whole a lot refugees met this demands and also want to go to poland . 
  so fat only 400 people did it . 
  so its not that pis said fuck that and vetoed or cancelled previous agreements , but they just sticked with policies that po - previous goverment agreed to . 
  soooo chec the fact yo before stating obvious bullshit mate . 
  we say also `` gdzie rzym gdzie krym '' - wheres the rome wheres the crimea '' :d, 
  poles were protesting . 
  as poster detharon said it 's as much about law as about being against current gov. 
  but getting back to what you write . 
  politics is not about being sensible . 
  germans are not sensible . 
  french , greek etc.they have their interests in it along with laws . 
  and the policy was introduced by previous goverment . 
  they were pissed on for allowing refugees at all , but fortunately they did it in kind of smart way , not letting some random people in the country . 
  that way its hard to meet the conditions and there are few refuges that will be brougth to poland . 
  at the same time current goverment , who was against letting refugees from other countries at all ( and thats the clue , they are not refugees that came to poland but to other countries , and theres no law that could force poland to take someone elses refugees !!! ), 
  still keeped their word and didnt break the contract . 
  also , after initial help for ukrainians ( hospital , some equipment , loans ) therse basically almost no refugee status given to ukrainians . 
  also , we have much more in common and tighter ties with ukraine than with syria . 
  and helping u has nothing to do with taking refugees from other countries . 
  every eu country has to takie refugee that registered in this country , not other country . 
  so telling - you help ukraine and wont help syria is simply not true, 
  you are right . 
  but it doesnt mean you will be expelled from country just becouse you are not granted refugee status . 
  one thing , there are initial `` tests '' and there are more detailed tests later on . 
  but if you are already in the teritory of one of crippled countries ( in that matter obviously ) the chance of being expelled , if you dont commit crime/dont get cought doing so , are close to zero . 
  there are lots of other ways to stay in the country according to the conventions ( genewa ) and european treaties . 
  i dont know whats the proper name in english , but translating it from polish would be something like : `` tolerated stay '' , `` suplementary protection '' - which comes to prohibition of expelling someone who is not a refugee to a place where he can get harmed ( duh , whole syria ? ), 
  so ... not being a refugee changes little unfortunately . 
  also , thoretically you cant get refugee status in the first safe country you got to after fleeing your own country . 
  but theres prohibition of mass expels . 
  so what are they gon na do ? 
  whats more , thoretically , all refugess who got to second , third , fourth country and registered over there should be relocated to the first country , in which they had obligation to register . 
  so it would be greece , hungary etc. 
  so ... basically all of the system fell down and stopped working . 
  so called human rights basically showed that things like borders and law altogether dont work if theres big enought mass of people dont giving a fuck about them . 
  they can fuck our laws , but our laws cant fuck them . 
  a big one problem in my mind . 
  and , sorry fot the editing : a fun with refugee : there were ( before all this refugee shitstorm of 2014-2015 went down ) like half a milion people waiting to be deported in germany ( im speaking from memory , so the numbers may not be accurate ) but they so far deported around 50.000 to 70.000 peopla a year ... so ... even bigger fuckup on their part ... 
  i 'm not `` federalist '' as you say , but i can answer your question - to a point . 
  promoting is one thing , but getting people to support the idea , to think the same is whole different thing . 
  it goes back all the way to the conception of nation or nationalism in western and eastern ( also south eastern ) europe . 
  there is something you call european idenity .
