  each race has lots of ethicities in its pool , so those terms are connected , somewhat interchangeable but not synonyms . 
  i do know views on those things ( along with understanding nationality ) vary between west and other places , but thats a bit too far . 
  i would consider it racist if it would be conducted against someone of different race - hence the `` race '' prefix . 
  while i do understand what you are stating i dont knwo why would you think that being xenophobic or chauvinist should always be all out rage against every single one `` alien '' person . 
  well , its not about `` look the same '' or `` similar skin color '' . 
  racism , in my book , is about race . 
  not about being hostile to person that is not exactly the same nationality , place of birth and identical gene pool . 
  poles are white . 
  english are white . 
  hell , most ( northern ) indian people are white . 
  arab people are white . 
  quite honestly i 'm against streaching terms like `` racism '' or `` fascism '' ( which is common name for everything right - wing and its bullshit ) so we can simplify and label whole a lot of phenomenons . 
  if xenophobia dont fit all that well what happened in england , then chauvinism would , but racism ... no , not in my book . 
  but obviously everyone can have his own set of terms and meanings attached to them , 
  more of a `` you cant be racist agains the same race '', 
  well , i 'm pole and i think they cant be racist . 
  xenophobic yes , but racist - no . 
  thats politics mate , its not about revenge but land , money and power . 
  and obviously being `` right '' and the opposition being `` wrong '' . 
  thatss such a simplification of great caliber , big enought to be called almost a lie . 
  imagine that , they were allies of our enemy but they were our friends . 
  at the same time , guys who were not our enemies attacked us ( i 'm speaking about slovakia , which attacked southern borders of poland along with german nazis ) . 
  juncker is probably the most dangerous european politic just behind merkel and putin . 
  damnit the bullshit he spawns ... 
  yeah , but other than general attitude ` bad dictator , bad dictator ' and polish minority , theres no real feud statewise as far as i know, 
  yeah , i do not know about 4chan ( but common sense and common knowledge ... ? 
  ) , but what this guy said ... its a new level of stupid ... like ... very stupid . 
  i mean i cant comprehend being that stupid and uninformed and being so open and frank about it . 
  for fucks sake ... 
  what the hell does being sceptic about european fucked up beurocracy has to do with being supposedly anti - european ? 
  only small , small out of parliament parties are openly anty - european on our political scene . 
  being sceptic about the way eu is working has nothing to do with being anti - european and is more of common sense now . 
  hes speaking more about `` citizen to citizen '' affairs i pressume . 
  theres no bad blood between our people ( there was some during second war but its mostly gone now ) . 
  both states headed in different directions obviously thats why they dont get too well altogether , but other than that theres no real `` beef '' between poles/poland and belarusians/belarus . 
  it does not change the fact , that land can be annexed and occupied at the same time . 
  annexation is an act of one of the states towards the land of another state . 
  in 99 % its done not willingly ( for the annexed ones ) and in 99 % its done against international law . 
  if annexation was forced upon state , people of that land will consider it occupied , no matter the name that agressor used . 
  theres difference between usa annexing alaska , and partitions of poland , whose lands were unlawfully annexed - in the sense included to the land of occupiers and occupied for 123 years . 
  both that situations have nothing to do with your definition of ocuppied . 
  for reference usa troops did not occupy vietnam or korea . 
  it was definately temporary for poles , wasnt it ? 
  also . 
  wiki is not the best source . 
  international law would be the best source , but i 'm not willing to spend time to look out for those . 
  speaking about definitions ( i 'll try to explain in my semi_understandable english ) . 
  theres one very important term in polish language - powstanie ( uprising ) . 
  we had bunch of those . 
  most were lost couse , some ( like one and a half ) were won , some were stale mate . 
  but to the point . 
  according with `` legal '' definitions , uprising occurs when people grab weapon and fight with legal authorities !, 
  not a single polish powstanie was fought against legal authorities ( powstania \u015bl\u0105skie were closest to `` legal '' definition of uprising ) . 
  what does it mean ? 
  probably that definitions doesnt always go in pair with reality and the same happenings can be viewed differently from different points of view , 
  the question is then : is it possible to have unfavorable views of muslims ( althought this is such a broad statement ... ) and yet not dislike or fear them ? 
  althought you are right to a point . 
  in every nation there are people that are xenophobical . 
  thought i dont knot w fn afd etc are the best examples in this case . 
  while the link you posted does not say where it come from the data seem to be accurate . 
  the funny part : i tried to check the data regarding france for about 10-15 minutes . 
  and whats interesting theres no `` shure '' data on this matter . 
  even the french themselves dont know whats the percentage . 
  some say 8 % , some say 10 % , some say 5 % . 
   xenophobia tends to be a problem of mono-cultures . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  why do you appeal to such a negative thing as xenophobia just becouse you dont agree with other peoples point of view ? 
  can you give the source of data you used ? 
  `` shocking '', 
  lame thing is we sent them at all . 
  you know , there will be as many `` socialism '' definitions as many people . 
  as an european without big economical knowledge i can say : we mostly have soc-democratic goverments . 
  we have somewhat big activity of state in the area of economy ( not exactly running things but rather deeply regulating , along with dictating taxes , spendings etc - poles are being deprived of around 42 % of their income by the goverment , western europe is probably even worse [ thought with bigger income ] ) . 
  we have somewhat `` protextive '' state , which takes 10-20-50 or whatever in different countries - of your salary , and spends it as it pleases ( supposedly better that you would ) , and wasting some of the money in the process . 
  on the other hand its nowhere near to `` functioning socialism '' of zsrr and other commie states or scandinavian countries ... so ... make your own guess , 
  i 'm so happy that democracy in eu is strong and only this little filthy poland is such an undemocratic place . 
  good for you europe !, 
  stay strong and democratic !, 
  dont be so modest with the alcohol part my dear scottish friend :d other than that - spot on !, 
  yeeaaah i dont believe him , he was paid to say it :d, 
  well . . didnt expect that :d i would give you like 10 upvotes if i could for cultural knowledge :d, 
  dont get fooled mate . 
  only \u0141odzianie likes \u0141\u00f3d\u017a :d the best description of the city - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij2kvzpj_bu, 
  i dont know really who are you comparing to . 
  but the purpose seems to be able to call poland backward and not as cool as other cool places are . 
  we are not `` west '' . 
  we are central europe with all of its downs and ups . 
  using your own measures may be nice but it doesnt really say much about our country . 
  what i 'm saying is your observations dont make all of the country to be like it . 
  it looks quite the opposite in the big picture from where i stand ( along with most data from corruption level indexes - that places poland slightly behind western european countries and ahead of any eastern european state ) . 
  yeah , well , that 's just , like , your opinion , man, 
  that would be niemczyzna but youre right , niemiecczyzna would be over the top name for german as well , 
  could be translated as niemiecczyzna ( as in kielecczyzna - region around the city of kielce - for example ) althought its pretty backbreaking form which i probably never heard in practice, 
  thats an awesome explanation of something many people dont understand . 
  here , grab an upvote  generally thats the same thing as calling for example a pole - indoeuropean :d yeaaaah that makes sense , 
  it couldnt be that bad for you during commonwealth , come one :p the russians ... oh the russians ... thats the other story i suppose ... , 
  estonians invaded europe ... ? 
  wait ... when , where ? 
   weirdo party from a completely different nation talking lithuania and different nation is a bit problematic , as a lot of polish language and ethnicity people lived there for very long time ( and later of polish nationality ) . 
  some of them can consider the region as their homeland as well as any lithuanian .
