  but why the manipulation about `` goverments plans '' ? 
  we are against them so `` anything goes '' ? 
  wrong . 
  the other project will also be voted . 
  that would be mad if goverment would start ( maybe they do so , i dont know but i dont think so ) to pick what ngo project they would vote . 
  that would lead to strict ideological and political . . 
  i dont know what to call it ... censure ? 
  that would be mad . 
  or should thy only proceed projects that cenrtain people suppoer ( like - you in this case ? ), 
  too bad people cant think of a other bilal that would for example decrease vat or something similar that would be good for the people , 
  i think , that if you really wanted to change something other than play your own political game you should make some action called white support to get the other bill going on ... just saing ...  p.s. 
  about the links with support : thats bad . 
  they play ( as i still consider it such ) with fire , but they do it too fucking close to gas station in you understand my comparison . 
  well it is a game . 
  they play their voters . 
  since big part of their voters are catholic they will play along a bit . 
  but they wont pass the bill . 
  they , as a party or a goverment didnt `` officialy '' claim anything on that matter . 
  and the protest itself is just a way to get some attention by sofa_party razem . 
  could you please give us a proof that its directly supported by those politics other than `` we will proceed this bill as any other bill '' ? 
  polish goverment , althought being center-right did not create the bill that will be voted . 
  it was proposed by voters - by citizens . 
  as well as second project to liberalise it . 
  theres no real govermental suppoert to this project ( althought they play along a bit ) . 
  some people in gov support it , some are against . 
  the project has zero chances to succeed . 
  anybody who pays attention to politics know that . 
  so its another manipulation of whats really happening in here . 
  other than that it would be good to get the liberalisation going on , but like that , naaah thanks . 
  so . . hes supporting german criminals not abroad criminals ? 
  real patriot i like it ;d, 
  szczerze ( hue hue hue hue ) - honestly - you 're right !, 
  beutiful !, 
  here we go again ... 
  the great shitstorm of our little country . 
  for all the people that are not too familiar with polands political scene . 
  first one : - its basically a propaganda piece . 
  both in terms of name of the article and in what little info is inside of it . 
  - the act that will be voted in the future is not goverments bill ( although they play a bit along it as it was made by their voters ) . 
  whats more , there are members of out goverment that stand against it or simply dont support it ( gowin ) . 
  - its standard theme when nothing else happens . 
  right side has to remind everyone that we are catholic and traditional society , the left side has to remind everybody we are backward dumb people . 
  the usual stuff . 
  - theres almost no chance that bill will be voted . 
  theres basically no chance that there will be any kind of `` abortion revolution '' . 
  the article itself is just a part of political game in which poland , being ruled by not too liked centre-right goverment is being shot at with propaganda that unfortunately some people buy ( becouse how they could know any better ? ) . 
  - there is also second - parallel - project about abortion that wants to liberalize the law concerning abortion . 
  that one wont pass either , becouse current law is probably the only acceptable law for both sides ( i can imagine change being made if theres some centre-left wing party winning elections with even more votes than current party ) . 
  but you knwo what ? 
  the article says nothing about that . 
  both projects have the same chance of passing - zero . 
  but it only makes one side of the story - the one that makes poland looks bad . 
  anyone interested in politics should take that into consideration . 
  also theres not really any significant baclskash to those projects . 
  there were some demonstrations , but minor ones without any particular significance . 
  there were probably only three big actions in last couple of years : first one , truly society-wide action , true democratis society action - against acta . 
  both left and right side ( as far as i know ) joined forces against it . 
  mostly young people ( older folks wouldnt really know that much about it tbh ) . 
  there were also marsz niepodleg\u0142o\u015bci , widing from center right to far right activists . 
  and obviously kod marches and demonstrations which consists mostly ( i dont want to dig in too far - the same with previous cases ) of center or left side of political scene . 
  but this one ... its minor . 
  may be . 
  i 've never restrained myself to single plural while eating them tho , 
  becouse if they are done well they are simply brilliant and tasty ? 
  almost every coulture has its kind of pierogis with different ingridients and dough . 
  its just probably nobody else other than slavs thought of such simple and great stuffing as `` ruskie '' or cabbage with mushrooms . 
  good to hear  and its only the surface . 
  theres whole a lot more than only the basic ( but great ! ), 
  dishes . 
  and theres whole another level of old polish cousine thats not even that known ( or rather being commonly used novadays ) by poles themselves - its heavy on poultry ( gooses !, 
  ducks ! ), 
  aaand game - boars ( you have to try our bigos with boar and dried plums and mushrooms ... daaaaaaamn ... , scabies and so on :d, 
  ehhh ... this damn black f ** cking metal ... 
  well , in later stages , we could argue that ruthenians did play biiiiig role in duchy , but its only common sense if we compare numbers of balts and ruthenians . 
  but the base , the beggining , and the expansion was set up by balts ( i dont know , i dont want to offend anyone so i 'll use term proto-lithuanians , dont be mad  ) theres no doubt about that . 
  later stages were different . 
  the commonwealth as a whole was heavily influenced by ( proto ) polish culture , language and so on , so it seems only natural that other slavs - ruthenians started to play mayor role . 
  you know whats funny ? 
   when i was watching this video i was thinking the whole time - why they dont show the crown , - we were one  in our history we alwas look at it as one body - after w\u0142adys\u0142aw jagie\u0142\u0142o ( even if formally it was a bit later ) . 
  i 'm proud of my homeland history , even if for most of its time the country itself was formed by people of different origin , ethnicity and culture . 
  yeah ... but its commision and thos madman juncker who do exercise most of executive power and he and his people dont really support the idea of `` reality check '' . 
  thats a good point . 
  but dont you think that first part of your message stands against the last sentence ? 
  on the other hand , world war ii germans had nothing against japanese , even trying to strech their kinship to `` aryan '' germans . 
  i 've done small amount of very superfical research ( i 'm at work , and quite hinestly genetic studies are not my field of work :p ) as you intrigued me . 
  from what i could understans from publicly available scientific articles theres no unequivocal standpoint on that matter , althought diversion into three races is rather commonly excluded - so that i must admit i was being wrong . 
  but at the same time most works state that there are obvious differences and term `` race '' is far from being greek fourth element . 
  its more about using other terms like generical ancestry and such . 
  too bad research is ideologicaly influenced thought from both sides ( those who dont want to use race becouse it bears racism with it and by the other side that can use this term to be racist ) . 
  could you please give me an example ( sorry about some terms , its quite obvious english is not my first tongue  ) of some scientificaly based articles about `` non existence '' of human races ? 
  i dont know what to answer , the ideas of race in nazi germany or his attitude towards other people ... , 
  youre right . 
  you can be prejudiced against some ethnic groups amongs your own race . 
  but i dont know if it still can be called racism . 
  and i dont know whats to define regarding races ( at least as long as we speak about people who are not of mixed origin ) . 
  theres quite clear division . 
  how do i define ? 
  dont have races ? 
  whoa ... ? 
  white/black/yellow ( dont know if those are standard english names ) .
