  and right now we are not able to believe them that what are they doing right now is good . 
  but what i would do ? 
  with the knowledge i have ? 
  i would put a lot of cash in the frontex , i would pour cash in the border guards of border countries . 
  i would want to stop illegal migration . 
  not allow it to move freely with total negligence of our laws , borders etc. 
  demand that they would comply with our refugee/asylum laws . 
  which they really dont . 
  i dont know if any of the border countries would accept it ( but most definately they have it the hard way right now as well ) , but i would set up big camps at the borders.you dont file your submission for asylum in first safe country ? 
  so heres your denial , heres your deportation . 
  you give us fake name or lie about something else that is important ? 
  heres your denial , heres your deportation . 
  as soon as posible . 
  as close to the borders as possible . 
  do what some goverments are doing already : take their valuables o pay for their stay . 
  you are denied , we keep it , you are allowed as refugee ? 
  we will give it back . 
  finance similar things in turkey , lebanon , jordan , to stop the influx . 
  would it work ? 
  to a point . 
  would it chase off all of those people who really are not seeking the asylum ? 
  not likely , but some of them for shure . 
  would it stop this crisis wave ? 
  no , but it shouldnt stop it completly , some of them really need our help . 
  while i think that setting quotas of immigrants for countries is against the law and against common sense ( look at germany inviting everyone , hence worsening situation ) , forcibly splitting the costs of that operation to help whole eu would be just and fair . 
  i do know that some of that things work already , but in small , minimalistic scale , so they are not efficient enought . 
  of what mate ? 
  makes sense now . 
  still , if you take under consideration natural migration ( around 1,5 milion ) and ongoing crisis migration , we will probably get dangerously close to 1 % a year ? 
  considering how many immigrants there are now ( 4 % of population ) and how many of them already got citizenship of uk , france or germany , we are facing serious problems in next years . 
  and i 'm shure as hell some of them are not counted at all, 
  ( still trying to grasp post editing ) :  with stricter refugee screening you mean present refugee screening is not strict ? 
  you mean now they are ignoring strict screening on purpose ? 
  what wil change exactly ? 
   that means we are only accepting actual refugees , not illegal immigrants thats what refugee/asylum seekers treaties and conventions are right now . 
  should i elaborate how well did they work out ? 
  the point is , theres ban on mass deportation . 
  it means , european countries have obligation to accept everyone single person who claims he 's refugee and then go with standard procedure and only then decide to deport this single one person , and that single one person . 
  if they would storm europe in bigger numbers than now , what will happen , what do you think ? 
  also , getting a bit less if migrants does not take under consideration that most of the immigrants that are already here will not want to go back . 
  and only some o them are stacked in closed facilities where it will be moderately easy to pick them up and send them to turkey . 
   if the war is over refugees will have to go back . 
  man i really , really hope so . 
  but this would demand serious shift in politicians . 
  right now , lets say germany . 
  they have around 500.000 of illegals waiting their turn to get deported . 
  i 'm saing not the fresh wave , but people from all the previous years before the crisis ( so , like 2013 and older ) . 
  so far , they managed to deport around 70.000 a year ... so ... if there wont be big change in that department nothing will change . 
  a top of that we will still be stucked with `` voluntary '' immigration in big numbers ( normal is 1,4 - 1,5 milion a year + almost 2 milion crisis immigration ) . 
  and we want to add another 0,25 mln as a bribe to turkey ? 
  while its a safe country that should not let anyone cross their border ? 
  why would we allow additional immigrants ? 
  isnt the situation bad already ? 
  i really , really hope you are right and i 'm not . 
  but considering the state of our politicians the chances are low :( my doughter is 3,5 yo right now . 
  i 'm kind of scared if she , or my grandkid will ask me in 15 , or 35 years why my generation did nothing while we could ... and there will be no answer to that honestly , becouse its not we that decide but only some hundred of completly out of their mind people in 5 or 10 or 15 goverments , that pull the strings in name of 500 milion people . 
  son , i 'm gon na fact your shit up . 
  first off , check your math . 
  250.000 being 0,05 % of all migration , means according to you that overall migration to europe a year is set at 50.000.000 . 
  i dont need to say its wrong , right ? 
  heres the linkt to migration numbers in 2011 - 2013 : http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/e-library/docs/infographics/immigration/migration-in-eu-infographic_en.pdf in 2015 r. along with the regular immigration there were almost 2 milions ( 1.83 million ) of mostly illegal imigrants/refugees . 
  source ( i hope i dont have to explain what frontex is ) : http://frontex.europa.eu/news/greece-and-italy-continued-to-face-unprecedented-number-of-migrants-in-december-0bbbrd i dont get , how 73.000 ( althought the numbers should be taken with a pinch of salt ) poles is `` double the migration that will definately destroy europe '' . 
  250.00 additional immigrants is half of the poles ? 
  althought i can elaborate . 
  theres wast difference between poles , part of the eu , part of the europe , part of our common culture and ethicity , and milions of illegal immigrants outof our culture and ethicity . 
  anyone who doesnt get it have serious problems with perception of reality . 
  what about the law?how do you expect those immigrants to abide to our laws , if fromm the beggining they do not apply to them ? 
  they dont respect international law , our borders , our immigrant laws ( first safe country , obligation to file their refugee appliance etc ) , simple things like earning for what you have ? 
  how are you going to accomodate their different point of view with our system of value ? 
  and why for gods sake adding another 250.000 immigrants per year would be a g ood idea ? 
  how do you think those who are already here will comply with our orders to leave ? 
  and why wouldnt they try to return here ? 
  in what point would this idea by any good ? 
  and what countries will get this additional bunch ? 
  they will force it upon all states ? 
  but why ? 
  they will grant them citizenship so they will be able to be here legally ? 
  maybe denmark itself will take them ? 
  that would be `` funny '' , regarding their population . 
  you can look at this things with your attitude `` ungratefull little polish paupers , ungratefull money taking , emmigrating plumbers/construction workers '' but it has nothing to do with the problem we are experiencing . 
  its absolutely tragic and disgusting . 
  wtf are they thinking ? 
  2,5 half milion additional immigration every decade ? 
  that is a fucking solution ? 
  can they be more fucking stupid ? 
  i honestly think they cant . 
  who gave them right to destroy europe ? 
  for fucks sake ... 
  yep , shure as hell make sense . 
  so everybody knows ... everyone of them , except new party - kukiz ' 15 all dont give a single fuck about society in general ( well , thats what most politicians do ) , but they also dont want to giev any power to simple citizens . 
  they dont want to do any serious referendums , they dont want to cede any serious power to any kind of civil authorities ( except self-goverment reform like 25 years ago ) . 
  jesus , im so tired of all this new bullshit spawning everywhere . 
  i did not use reddit couple years ago so i cant tell if this looked like this back then but it shure looks bad now . 
  i think theres one better definition - those who can not speak human language/tongue , 
  i still dont get the edditing , so sorry my post will be lousy . 
  i wrote it along with reading the article , so it may not be too clear . 
  sorry again . 
  but regarding your response : you said not a single thign that would contradict the fact , that theres no messing with ` majority ' ot ct. . its simple mathematic . 
  there wont be any significant change in the `` majority '' for next couple years other than some judges changing their mind . 
  and there will be natural change in ct judges , and natural process of putting certain people there , but this exist as long as ct exist and is completly natural .
