  outside of europe honorary mention - brazil - bjj , pretty woman , and overall coolness  and also , greeting to our friends in usa , didnt expect to see my country froum you guys , the same goes to lithuanian guys  its very nice !, 
  please , not smolensk , not again ... :d p.s. 
  smolensk was poland !, 
  damn , you have to talk with lithuania first about that one :d, 
  force of the arguments is unpenetrable here . 
  any other argument other than `` my motherland ? '', 
  and please , check when was mickiewicz born and when third partition of poland happened when you say he was born in commonwealth . 
  do you know that poles who lived in far east of poland also considered it to be their motherland ( kresy ) ? 
  and it did not influence their nationality . 
  mickiewiczfathers coat of arms was poraj - traditionaly old polish noble coat of arms . 
  he lived on the lands that were previously lithuanian ( more of a duchy of lithuania actually ) but it does not make him nor lithuanian nor belarusian ) . 
  i 'm living on the lands thar were prussian ( ziemie odzyskane ) in the past but that does not make me german . 
  other than that , have you ever heard of term `` gene ruthenus natione polonus '' ? 
  so ... what does it have to do with anything ? 
  althought todays view of nationality didnt quite sit well with term `` nationality '' during mickiewicz 's life , he wasnt `` commonwealthian '' he was polish . 
  thats no rocket science . 
  yeah i 'm talking to you belarusians !, 
  i have no idea wha you are arguing about . 
  the sentence that almost all of them state they are from warzones ? 
  most of them do . 
  iraquis and afghani too - just not all of them . 
  only africans dont use it as much as middle eastern immigrants . 
  in your previous post you stated we cant deport people if they come from warzone - you didnt provide any proof of `` we cant '' , you didnt say anything about `` first safe country '' etc. 
  yeah . 
  thats the point . 
  `` hey , fuck your own laws , we want to go . 
  and maybe we wont demand much from you if you do . 
  we are on our way to fuck other countries laws right now '' . 
  and some people support this shit ... 
  why cant we ? 
  becouse of `` claim '' ? 
  can you give us any proof thats the truth ? 
  all of the migrants are telling they come from warzones - noone would get asylum status if they wouldnt , and yet some get deported . 
  thats simply not true what you have stated . 
  in no way have i justified what pis is doing . 
  i just pointed out that you lied . 
  and you lied bad and big . 
  disgraceful  yeah , i too can make a program in which ill ban poverty etc. 
  does it make sense ? 
  not really . 
  and luckily theres no chance they will ever win election or enter the parliament so theres no need to give them a chance . 
  and yes , scandinavia is `` far left '' in my book . 
  and its not even about the economi part of the deal ... 
  they will need months or years to go on with that project i think . 
  please , stop with the bullshit :d fallowed laws ? 
  the goverment didnt break any laws ? 
  for fucks sake . 
  how many affairs were there ? 
  how many times cba striked ? 
  informatication affair ? 
  their own minister being seized by cba ? 
  i 'm not here to say `` who was worse '' but to go on with so straight out lie is astonishing . 
  overthrowing cinstitution ? 
  so far pis is breaking it . 
  not overthrowing . 
  the same thing po did while nominating 5 of their judges ( some of them didnt have a fucking clue about constitutional law , but were `` friends of friends '' of psl and po - look up . 
  prof. bronis\u0142aw sitek and his career ) . 
  putting yesmen ? 
  and who ruled the media for 8 years ? 
  come on . 
  theres one difference po was more subtle with the bullshit they did , playing `` bad pis '' card for whole 8 years as a justification for all their actions . 
  now we have miiewicz , then we had ostachowicz , both of them being just a peak of the mountain . 
  thats the tragic of it . 
  we didnt have good goverment probably from getting our indenepdence back , but some of them had good pr and people bought this shit . 
  razem is a party . 
  they will stay fr fro something that would discredit it . 
  but this des not change the fact that zandberg - their frontman is/was balls deep in the faaaaar left society . 
  we will draw different conclusions of that thought . 
  honestly it got us to the same place we were before with all previous goverments . 
  this one just has bad press becouse they are like ` fuck you all ' . 
  see ... we wont find common ground on the matter of ideology . 
  theres nothing fine or acceptable about marxism as well as any other form of that diabolical ideology . 
  also regarding banning part . 
  people on the left would wholeheartedly call onr nazis , even though they dont use nazi symbols and banned them , but the other way around its all good ... well . . it isnt . 
  well im shure the right wanted no left to be honest . 
  but if you know enough about razem you know their leaders - especially zandbergs sympathy to communism . 
  i 'm in . 
  those three things you listed is must have to deteermine who ` lost ' . 
  lets set 1 month for the transfer from the date the bill will be confirmed by president or the bill will be outvoted . 
  i didnt mean that , but it doesny make much difference in my book in general assesment of the party :p, 
  its also about structures etc. 
  and korwin is sofa party as well . 
  the last two sentences i dont really understand, 
  shure . 
  how are you gon na do it ? 
  i 'm in . 
  1.000 z\u0142 that bill wont pass as it is . 
  i dont know if this term funcions in english , but it means something like all the party members can fit on one sofa which looks like the case with razem  regarding `` european standards '' you hit the nail on that one and why most of the western europe is considered by many people of central and eastern european as politically_correct leftist driven . 
  only by western standards, 
  yeah , like the one about jow - that was pretty bad . 
  but all in all both projects regarding abortion will be voted and both will fail . 
  i dont get you . 
  going around telling something along the lines of how `` bad your country is becouse your goverment is planning on putting in jail every second woman in the country '' while we both know thats straight manipulation . 
  ngo not goverment . 
  basically 0 % chances that the bill will pass . 
  no broad support for the bill other thant strict catholic circles . 
  i dont support stricter abortion law , but there was no single topic on reddit that would say how its really like , whats the political climate in our country , what are the chances for a change in both bad or good way . 
  they aare all just a way to make out country look bad and this goverment look bad even in the rare time they actually didnt do anything particulary wrong . 
  are you that suprised ? 
  yeah you are right - politicians will politic .
