  they may be different nation but to say they are guests would be simply not true and it means ( with is no suprise - thats not an insult - i dont know history of your country all too good as well ) . 
  this thing is something else : while theres still big numbers of poles in lithuania , it seems - for poles `` in the mainland '' that those who stayed in their home ( old polish kresy - now the independent and proud state of lithuania - and to clarify theres no irony in it from my side ) and are inflicted in politics - are either heavily influenced by russian agents or live in some complete isolation both from lithuanians and poles nad hence they undertake lots of absolutely weird and sometimes even dosloyal actions towards lithuanians . 
   because in the case of kopernikus at least , thinking in the confines of nation states is borderline retarded . 
  to that time neither a polish nor a german nation state existed . 
  not too common poin of view but spot-on nonetheless . 
  european nations exist roughly from the end of xviii century . 
   it was a better europe , where polyglotism was the norm and german populated cities dotted eastern europe . 
  no that was n't colonialism , they were invited by the respective crowns for their expertise . 
  while ido understand what you are trying to say ( even though i dont agree with you - its the usual cosmopolitan patter  ) - this time youre misinterpreting things totally . 
  probably 99 % of european population of the `` better europe '' you are speaking about were single_tongue peasants who were practically half slaves with no freedom . 
  there obviously were castes of - as you put it - polyglots who studied all over the europe . 
  but you know what ? 
  probably similar percentage of todays population is studying all over the place , and definately much bigger part of population knows more than one language , enjoys so much freedom , possibility to learn and develop ... we live in better times in all of the aspects . 
  wars , hate and all that bad stuff exists just as long as humanity does - it has nothing to do with nationalities . 
  it doesnt take two different nations to kill eachother . 
  it takes two different persons ( tribes , languages , customs etc ) sadly . 
  nations , considering the ongoing development of human kind ( both in numbers and in technology ) just make all the bad things `` bigger '' . 
  on the other hand , without nations ( ant nationalism that is inseparable from nations [ but dont trat it as chauvinism and xenophoby as they are not the same thing ) , we probably wouldnt develop so well , wouldnt have all the diversity and beuty we have today regarding all the cultural aspects of thr world , starting with writing , music , cousines , paintings , etc etc, 
  well you got ripped big time . 
  stawki minimalne wynosz\u0105 za prowadzenie spraw o : 1 ) opr\u00f3\u017cnienie lokalu mieszkalnego -- 480 z\u0142 ( and even if its hard to find someone for that kind of money , you will easily easily find someone for under 1.000 z\u0142 . 
   op\u0142\u0105ta s\u0105dowa w sprawie o opr\u00f3\u017cnienie lokalu - 200 z\u0142 , op\u0142ata skarbowa od pe\u0142nomocnictwa - 17 z\u0142 you can get it back from other party if execution is succesfull both with 480 z\u0142 for a lawyer . 
  around 1.000 z\u0142 in executional proceeding - maybe a bit more - also possible to get it from the other party . 
  thats all it takes in that kind of cases . 
  theres no need for bieg\u0142y ( specialist ? ), 
  in that kind of cases so ... what are we talking about ? 
  yeah . 
  imma tell you something :  limiting the number of `` function benefits '' . 
  quite a number of judges take also a sort of non judiciary courthouse functions , creating unreal costs and making `` the judging '' ineffective . 
  all this functions exist becouse of our lawmaker . 
  all their obligations exist becouse of parlament and becouse of ministry of justice . 
  all this statistical bullshit that takes 2-3-5 days of each convenor exist becouse of politicians and the law they are making . 
  gues what ? 
  none of this shit will dissapear under the new changes . 
  none . 
  all this shit will be simply transfered ( on who ... ? ), 
  and will exist . 
   assigning cases at random , instead of the court president assigning it at will and introduce tools to measure the effectivness of each judge ( inspired by german and austrian system ) . 
  99,99 % cases are assignated randomly . 
  i know , becouse i know how this is done . 
  theres 0,01 % of cases that are not assigned randomly , probably the problematic , or loud ones . 
  99 % of all cases in polish s\u0105dy rejonowe is assignated randomly . 
  but how would you know that ? 
   introducing the rule , that the same set of judges works on a case from start to the cases end . 
  with is the best way to prolong every fucking case in which judge gets sick , gets promotion , cant admit a hearing becouse of some other random event encounter , retires etc. 
  problematic case in which judges will change - in warsaw , instead of 4 years , will take 8 years . 
  yeah , great one !, 
  this part of discussion is somewhat purposeless in general but you know , some political actions can match different spectres ( and thats why i posted here generally ) of the deffinitions of lef-centre-right which makes it a bit of a moot point . 
  shure mate , but who decides who is right on this one ? 
  or , as i see it , western european politics is badle skewed to the left , when half of the center/center-left parties are called center-right , 
  damn , i thought that merkel is centre-left ( hert party 's supposed profile set aside ) . 
  the name of that beuty was `` luxtorpeda '' in polish . 
   it 's hard to know what is an one sided statement no its not . 
  you should just `` let it gooooooo '' . 
   and it 's hard to know what will happend during the pregnancy and after it and during the birth of the child . 
  exactly . 
  thats why saying precautious abortion is strictly health connected is at least overstatement . 
   so free abortion should n't be legal because there are health risks associated with driving a car . 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  i 'm saying that making such a ranking and giving points ( or taking away points ) becouse you say that abortion should be free at any given time becouse sometimes abortion is connected to health problems - is wrong and stupid becouse we could say that `` actually everything in life '' may be connected to health problems . 
   so it does n't matter what percentage that get those symptoms ? 
  the medical conditions literally have to be present in literally as in 100 % of all pregnancy for it to justify free abortion ? 
  my answer was obviously a simplification - same as your answer . 
  and to be clear - i 'm not duscussing who should and who shouldnt get an abortion in my country , becouse the topic is not about it . 
  i 'm saying that abortion law - which pays attention to womans health - shouldnt be a reason to substract points in such a rankings . 
  you see theres a difference between saying `` i want to get aborted becouse every pregnancy comes with serious health risk '' ( even thought everything is super fine now ) and saying `` we have found a group of syndroms that may lead to serious health problems of both you and your child '' . 
   wrong . 
  it is legal in case the pregnancy is caused by rape ( a one sided statement ) . 
  i would suggest that you would know what you are talking about before talking . 
  it must be asserted by prosecutor . 
  so its far from one sided statement . 
  and i wont even say whats the percentage of those abortions in comparison to general number of abortions . 
   it 's not a hypothetical risk . 
  i dont know how to explain it to you . 
  the fact that certain things happen in general ( pregnant ) populatnion during the pregnancy does not mean it will always happen to everyone involved in pregnancy . 
  thats why in poland you have to detect the reason and then have an abortion , and not just think it could happen and execute precautious abortion . 
  you have medical condition - you can get an abortion . 
  you , as every pregnant woman - can get some medical condition connected to pregnancy but you dont have it or there are no reasons to think you will get it - you cant get abortion . 
   what does this have to do with abortion ? 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't see the link . 
  the link is : there are lots of ways our health can be affected by things that didnt happen but could happen - the same way you are speaking about things that could happen during pregnancy but in reality didnt happen . 
   are you saying that pregnany does n't pose health risks ? 
  i 'm saying abortion in poland is not granted on the base of one sided statement . 
   but every pregnancy comes with health risks , doctors acknowledges this . 
  we were speaking about polish conditions . 
  hypotetical risk and actual danger are two different things . 
   yes ? 
  what does that have to do if having a pregnancy pose a health risk or not ? 
  that maybe we should factor all the other things that hypotetically possibly could affect our health - as jobs , envirement , happines etc. 
  no , not really . 
  the woman needs to be examined and doctors need to acknowldege conditions that allow the abortion . 
   because pregnancy is always come with a serious health risk for the pregnant person . 
  isnt going to work serious health risk as well ? 
  i mean ... 
  i 'm all stressed out , im tired , not enought sleep , and a car can hit me on my way to work ... 
  job you say ... now we know why the numbers are down :p, 
  and now i 'm sad . 
  wheres the world heading if we cant even keep the progress up in french national sport of carburning :( whats next , less vodka in poland ? 
  i 'm not shure what to think :(, 
  and people are saying that things are not progressing year by year :d, 
  and its small country after all and so much different customs ,
