  the attorney argument was so out of place that its stunning . 
  and some people abroad , who wont spend a single second fact-cheking will accept it as a truth . 
  but general prosecutors office existed for 30 years now , through olszewski goverment , aws , sld , pis and even po goverment . 
  if i would like to switch arguments i would say that po was destroing democracy becouse they dismantlet gp office ... but it would be bullshit as well . 
   i 'm not talking about ` general prosecutor ' i 'm talking about all prosecutors who now can legally not pursue a crime ` for the national good ' you obviously have no proov of it , becouse its another bullshit . 
  do you ? 
   and the new military is the same as sturmabtailungen nsdap since the thing you wrote about was not even implemented you just said another bullshit . 
  another fucking bullshit . 
  you are spitting in the face of people that sworn to protect you . 
  what kind of imbecile are you ? 
  what the fuck do you think ? 
  that all of a sudden hundreds of thousands will change in fucking nsdap ? 
  while its you who goes all gebbels with lies ? 
  if there was just soldier besides you he would probably bitchslap you becouse you deserved it . 
  yeah ask democrats about your point of view :d and why exactly do you think most of the europe have a clue about ecoomy yet pis does not ? 
  weel , doesnt it make them socialist to the point ? 
  there are no socialists who have a clue about economy , becouse if they did , they wouldlnt be socialist . 
  socialism and populism are basically two sides of one coin , lol . 
  since `` republicans '' - wipler and so on - left pis pis is more socialist than probably any other party besides razem . 
  maybe morawiecki will change it but ... 
  i doubt it . 
  only parts of kukiz team , and korwin who wont ever get to parliament and some wuitet individuals in nowoczesna i po could be considered liberal - economicaly . 
  well ... you obviously dont understand half of what you wrote so ... what does it mean ? 
  tribunal , according to venetian commision is much more complicated than media tend to admit . 
  yes , pis did fuck up , but so did the ones that protest the most . 
  also , in poland we have `` general prosecutor '' not `` attorney office '' . 
  and if you would know anything about law in poland you would know that fusion between justice minister office ang general prosecutor office is something that existed for years and was changed only recently and was regarded rather bad idea . 
  also , our civilisation is based on christian values . 
  god is mentioned in our constitution , most of our folks are catholic . 
  and nations will is the driving force behind any law in our country . 
  so ... what does it mean ? 
  posts like yours are disgusting . 
  i dont like lots of things our goverment does but spilling bullshit about democracy without basic knowledge is ... fucking farce, 
  you see mate , the biggest insanity in all of this is someone managed tosell such a bullshit to someone and someone believed it . 
  and sincethe idea you stated is sooooo stupid and yet not only someone spawns the bullshit but people actually buy it you may understand what kind of propaganda battle is taking place in my motherland ( from both sides obviously , but y our post is glary example of it ) . 
  so ... dont buy all the bullshit you read somewhere . 
  that looks like awesome fun :d in my city it was police mostly ... all those pretty young ladies running screaming to them asking for help ... ;d, 
  for a child , to get a hold of a bucket , and free source of water and lots of friends ... thats not boring at all :d if i got bad luck and we went to family to a small village we used to go for a walks with some perfumes and we would walk from home to home . 
  we sprayed perfume on women ( instead of pouring water on them ) and would get sweets , even some spare change and would talk a lot with all the people . 
  man youre so wrong . 
  this custom lives in poland too , just not everywhere . 
  its basically extinct in bigger cities but in smaller viliges in some parts of polland we do it to . 
  i did it once or twice as a kid around 5-6 yo . 
  we used twigs that started to get green , with only little , emerging leafs on them . 
  girls were spanked on ther legs , but it was light , playfull and gentle . 
  but getting them wet is a bit more cool :d, 
  you see , your point of view probably where a result of some biased media info , becouse i dont know where it comes from , but i do know its not reallu true . 
  theres no overall , permanent and mass `` dislike towards eu '' in poland . 
  even our goverment , presented as anti eu is not really against poland being in eu ( from media info i could tell the same thing about uk but honestly i wouldnt be able to tell if its really true ) , but more about not being pushed around and doing what some countries orders us . 
  regarding common people , theres no common , general hate , nor disliking . 
  there are people like me , that have negative feelings towards bureaucracy , formalisms and general socialist attitude ( but i must explain - socialist more in the way of governing , creating useless jobs for useless people doing useless things , that kind of bureaucracy socialism  ) or towards `` liberal '' view of the world presented as only good by big countries of eu and being partialy forced on smaller countries . 
  but i think that people like me are in minority . 
  most dont really think about eu other than - open borders , closer t europe , and they paind for our roads ( :d ) , and some aare simpli positively oriented . 
  theres also other thing , some may have nothing against eu as a w hole , but are not fond of said exagerated liberalism or political corectness , others may think its the way to go . 
  theres no common ground on all this , just as everywhere , but i still thnk that opponents of eu as a political and financial entity are in significant minority . 
  so , i dont know if its just like your opinion , man ( :d ) or are the media present it that way , but i wouldnt call it true , or at most , true to some small degree . 
  cheers . 
  you know , theres lots of things me , as a pole that i dont like in western europe . 
  at the same time i do know , that theres lots of things that people of western europe may not like about poland . 
  thats completely fine , i treat it mostly as a banter , like i dpnt know , between infantry and navi in the army . 
  but you know , we are part of one organism . 
  not stating what is what , but nose dont really have to like the ass , but one should care about the other :d what would happen to poland in the long run if western europe would collapse and turn , lets say , in some kind of caliphate ? 
  there obviously are thng i dont pay as much attention ( greece financial crisis for example ) even thought they are `` one of ours '' but it doesnt have that much in common with greater danger to our culture/civilization/continent, 
  yeah mate , i understand your iritation . 
  but its economical thing , not as complex and dangerous as migration crisis which is not only economical ( in much worse way , poles do pay taxes after all ) , but also it has big cultural , legal and even , as last months show , criminal conotations . 
  bocouse , outside of being ratty and sarcasting , one can care for his entire civilization , culture and continent ? 
  that must come to you as a suprise . 
  saying `` fuck up '' doesnt even mean i think everyone of them come here with the intention to destroy or generaly with negative attitude . 
  ( and also i dont really think most of them are grateful unfortunately ) . 
  but its very simple . 
  if you mix two different things , the outcome is never any of the two previous things . 
  if you will mix us and them , the outcome will be different that what we are now , and what they are now . 
  i dont want that , i do know that changes are unavoidable , but there are natural changes , and unnatural , and i consider such forced mixing of cultures and ethnicities - forced and unnatural ( same as i wouldnt want us to destroy other cultures [ like amazonian , for example ] - speaking about present time , whats past is past unfortunately ) i think that all ( and i mean it ) cultures are equal . 
  no culture is better than other . 
  i honestly think that , even if there are thing absolutely disgusting and unaxceptable from my point of view ( killing , marrying kids etc ) . 
  i am not in position to say `` hey mine is better than yours '' as they would have every right to think the same way towards our culture . 
  but i am obliged to say `` hey , mine is more important to me than yours '' . 
  same goes to family , nation , culture . 
  i dont think that some syrian family is worse than my family , in any way . 
  but my family is the most important thing in the world for me , and i must try and do everything for them , not this other unnamed family . 
  i am obliged to defend ( hopefully never in violent way ) my family and so on . 
  so , without disdain to others we must think about our culture and not let it get transformed into something completly different ant hence destroyed . 
  thats how i see it . 
  id does not require any ill will from immigrants . 
  but mate , even if the mixing will go slowly ( theres already enormous problem with assimilation in germany , in france , in uk ) , it still goes on . 
  and considering how many problems it creates , it changes us , and not in the good way in my opinion . 
  you mean moral , not ethical . 
  and most definately i wouldnt like to deny all of them . 
  some of them are people in great need , in great danger . 
  they should get help . 
  but not the ones that just want easier life with bigger paycheck and there forme will fuck up all our laws , fuck up our culture etc. 
  its easier said than done , obviously , but we should share our efforts with other parties with helping people in reall need . 
  but that should come with consequences . 
  you are on our land , abide to our laws . 
  be gratefull ( and dont throw food , water out , dont demand trains to get you to germany etc ) , try to adjust etc. 
  we all know its not like all of them are real refugees , and the point is to weed out those who are not , ant its majority most likely . 
  my idea of solution means nothing . 
  nor do i want to say i do know everything and have knowledge of all things . 
  its obviously easier to say whats wrong than what to do to get it right and i do get your point . 
  but in the long run , thats why we have goverment , to make things right not the opposite way .
