  you can do all mentioned from whichever eu country . 
  about internships : you should just apply , you do n't really need much international experience to get in . 
  make sure you have an extra good cv ( that means that you spend like days on it not hours ) and that your motivation letter is top notch and is all good . 
  about languages : in brussels you can get by with french only . 
  eu has 3 working languages ( english , french and german ) . 
  for most jobs , speaking one of these is a minimum requirement and for some they want more languages . 
  but if you have any true wish of working in any kind of international environment like nato , un , eu . . you really should learn a language . 
  i mean you really have no excuse there . 
  ok so you are paying more then you are getting ( like 8 other countries ) but you do have a rebate that is covered by other ms. 
  so you tell me now , do you really honestly think that the eu is bad for uk and that uk is worse of outside the eu ? 
  do you really see the romanticism of a spring of democracy in boris johnson and nigel farage ? 
  and so what is this different future that you speak of ? 
  how is eu so horrible to you ? 
  and yes , of course your own currency is beneficial to you . 
  i am not ignorant of fiscal and monetary policies . 
  but poland that does not want the euro cuz they are cheaper without it , will have to take euro eventually . 
  whereas uk will probably just change money with a new king ( i imagine ? 
  i am not really familiar with royalty . 
  we do n't have any . ), 
  look man i feel you . 
  brexit and trump go hand in hand in 2016 . 
  i understand your need to justify what uk did . 
  but after-brexit has reveled it was not anti eu the british were really voting . 
  because i honestly believe , that people that have an insight in the eu from an additional angle besides money , do not find eu detrimental to uk . 
  well , i can tell you that writing ad hominem attacks makes you look weak . 
  because you do n't know who you are taking with whereas i can safely rely on stereotypes when describing a whole fucking nation . 
  and i am not mad at uk for leaving the eu . 
  i just genuinely dislike the country . 
  and i was there before ( not that it makes me an expert or anything but i know of and have been in the uk ) . 
  how uk treats eu from the very beginning i have a problem with . 
  and imho uk should not have joined in the first place . 
  so uk leaving is really not sad for me per se . 
  also the things i mentioned are not from the past - uk is still not in schengen , still has a rabate and still does not have euro . 
  also these things are around from the 90s so it 's not like eu has suddenly become ` incompatible with the views of today ' . 
  it was right wing bullshit propaganda that won with misconceptions and lies . 
  do n't read into it too much ... 
   honestly , that 's a load of nonsense , but what do i know i 'm british and therefore a dick right ? 
  nice generalising there . 
  i think you might be a hypocrite . . bitch please do you know how much generalization my part of eu gets from you british all the time ? 
  or should i mention your campaign about bulgarian , romanian and polish people ? 
  excuse * me * for generalizing . . 
  i am just another random person on the internet not a public figure ...  are you saying that the uk must subdue itself to the eu because the eu is giving the uk ( and other countries ) perks ? 
  no , but the uk was against eu from day one . 
  then an asshole french person did not want to let you in the eu when you asked , several times , and then finally he left and you had a referendum and joined . 
  and then you started to blackmail and sulk and said no to schengen and no to euro and got a rabate and were against making the eu bigger and were against making in tighter until you just did not even pretend you care anymore and left . 
   what if they want what 's best for their country and they think that exists outside the eu ? 
  the best for uk is to stay in eu . 
  the best for eu to be a tighter union , is that uk leaves . 
  i was not campaigning for uk to leave ( and i did not say that ) , but we already started talking about brexit a bit and the future between eu and uk two and my stance was what i have just written . 
  also i am sorry if you feel offended , it is not in any way meant personal what i wrote . 
  but as a nation ? 
  you 're assholes . 
  you 're just in luck atm that your cousins just elected an even bigger orange asshole ... 
  i do n't hate them , i just think they are entitled selfish ignorant dicks . 
  but that is british for you , nothing new there . 
  also i do not mind self-determination of nations . 
  but what uk did with eu was a dick move since they already had extra and more than other eu countries yet they were the ones loud about it . 
  but do n't get me wrong , i was arguing for uk to leave the eu already 4 years ago . 
  except is uk a family member or like a dick boyfriend of a cousin you do n't like anyway ? 
  no , because you clearly have no clue of the difference between minorities and nations . 
  also as far as i know , there is absolutely no effort from catalans in france to get a country . 
  about basks and on i am not up to date with the situation but sure . 
  i do n't see why people should not have their own country if they decide so . 
  glocalization much ? 
  are you sure you 're describing americans with ubi and hatred for capitalism and banking ? 
  as a nato member not really excited since we have to send our soliders and spend our money for us wars , that we have zero actual interest in . 
  as a pacifist i can not even ... 
  fluently ( as in i can work in this language ) slovenian , english , italian , german , beginner french . 
  passively spanish , croatian/serbian , 
  moore made a great point about this in where to invade next . 
  it is punishment enough that you can not be in your normal environment leading a normal life . 
  no need for brute force , violence , forced labor , unhumane conditions like the us is trying to bully obedience instead of trying to achieve the purpose of prisons - to resocialize people to be a functional part of society . 
  but it order for that to work prisons can not be private and run for profit especially if you ** have ** to provide them with prisoners by contract . 
  i started when i was 11 , a lot of my school mates were smoking as well . 
  i stopped when i was 16 ... 
  despite popular belief , i was actually a straight a student and ( still ) care ( ed ) about school . 
  i think now is a bit stricter though . 
  al least i hope getting cigarettes is not as easy . 
  it is not that we were buying them , but we somehow always got them from older kids , parents and so on . 
  ok so let me recap : from all that i have written you read and took just my last sentence ? 
  and then went on to produce the stupidest argument against independent catalonia i have ever heard . 
  your argument is that they can not have their own state cuz some of them feel spanish ? 
  what kind of bullshit argument is this ?!, 
  if it were that simple then why do n't you just allow a referendum like an actual democratic country and let people who live in that area decide if they feel more spanish or more catalonian . 
  if they decide to stay ( like scotland did the first time ) you win and have at least two more generations to throw this in their faces . 
  if they leave , you win cuz according to you , you do n't have to pay for them anymore . 
  so why did your government decide not to allow a referendum ? 
  i am talking about a law that was accepted four years ago asshole . 
  i doubt you went to elementary school starting in 2014-15 . 
  but then i am the one who has no clue . 
  also i did not say you should get a public official speaking catalan to you in madrid . 
  but even in my country , where we have 2000 people big italian minority , italian is still an official language written in our constitution . 
  ok so first i replied to the first comment and than saw the blog post after answering . 
  so that is why i did n't refer to it . 
  second i do n't need to prove myself to you so stop with the ad hominem attacks . 
  i am trying to have a conversation with a random person on the internet . 
  no need to get personal . 
  about terminology : dully noted , i am writing this on my phone on vacation so i did not go google the proper english term , just used the one suggested by my phone . 
  i will use catalans from now on . 
  i will reply to a random blog post from the internet .
