   these factors are : 1 ) location , 2 ) the will to exist , 3 ) denial of `` internal '' self-determination , and 4 ) brutal oppression . 
  the fourth concept , brutal oppression , establishes secession as the remedial aspect of self-determination . 
  article of the un charter talking about this does not specify this criteria . 
  while the use of the article in practice must of course be looked at , there is no such consensus about this criteria as the blog suggests . 
  also the whole history , culture , language thing is left out , which is not unimportant . 
  so location : catalonia has a defined territory - check . 
  will to exist : check - clearly . 
  denial of internal self ` determination ' - totally awkward formulation . 
  arguable though . 
  catalonians do not have full autonomy , even less than german l\u00e4nder do . 
  also the blog talks about this in the context of minorities . 
  that is clearly bullshit . 
  minorities explicitly do not have the right to self determination . 
  if catalans in spain would be a minority of andorra , we would not be having this conversation . 
  that is also why crimea can not become an independent state or russians living there suddenly decide they want to be under russia . 
  also the example of yugoslavia - my country , slovenia , was a republic within a federal state . 
  at the beginning , when we started poking around about independence some states clearly said they will not support us . 
  yet the principle of self determination prevailed and we are an independent country . 
  violations of human rights : not having their language as an official language in the constitution is pretty wierd , constant pressure on catalonian language ( like spanish has to be spoken in a classroom even if only one person demands it ) , and defunding of educational activities and services in general , especially with right wing governments is also problematic , ... ( i will come back on this point some more later , i promise ) . 
  and finally , why do you care ? 
  if a group of people ( that has a definable history , language , culture and territory ) decides to pay for a governmental apparatus of their own , to rule themselves , why would you even want to force them to stay ? 
  what do you gain ? 
  you do n't even like them , even putting stickers like this is made in catalonia , do n't buy kinda messages in your grocery stores . 
  what do you stand to lose ? 
  they would be a part of eu anyway so no physical borders would occur . 
  or are you afraid you wo n't be able to keep milking them if they go ? 
  i do n't have to do that in order to tell you that catalunyans have their own language and history and all the requirements to be called a nation thus have the right to self determination . 
  the reason why they want to do this in the first place is that every time you have a right wing government they shit on catalunya a bit more . 
  and you know as well as i do that after franco they could have been their own country but decided not to be . 
  do you think it was legal by serbian constitution for kosovo to succeed ? 
  yet they are still a country . 
  i am not saying this to be mean but to try to get you to understand that there is an actual real possibility that this might happen . 
  do n't be so sure it ca n't . 
  and catalunyans ... 
  maybe not , but there is still a thing called self determination of nations that is international law so above national constitutions . 
  also there is a thing called presumption of innocence and in europe , there is no such bullshit law like the patriot act where you can just imprison ( or worse ) people you do n't like ... 
  ah soo : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr\u00e1d_group, 
  i am n00bing around on my phone and accidentally deleted the comment . . ah well , as long as you saw it  i was corrected on the charity thing but i would still say it would be more common that charities would have stands and give away stuff in person ( a lot of times like baked goods and stuff ) . 
  in my experience everyone contributed and if not , they probably needed it anyway . 
  on sports : i am really not a sports person but in my humble experience , it actually happens that when it was clear that a lot of seats near the playfield were empty ( mostly cuz sponsors or w/e bought them and people did n't show up ) they would actually encourage people to take seats there cuz it 's more fun for the players . 
  garage sales are really not a thing in slovenia though . 
  i suppose someone would knock on you door to demand the tax on your profit :p, 
  oh i stand corrected than . 
  let me use the example i used of having sex yesterday :d v\u010deraj sem seksal . 
  ( male form ) v\u010deraj sva seksala . 
  ( plural ) or for example : to be slovenian in all our forms for first person . 
  ( 2 females ) midva sva slovenca . 
  ( 2 males or a male and a female ) me smo slovenke . 
  ( 3 or more females ) mi smo slovenci . 
  ( plural male or mixed ), 
  that is an interesting justifications . 
  i happen to be born in republic of slovenia , never lived in yugoslavia . 
  so how do we agree based on the experience in our lifetimes ? 
  slovenia pointedly never had anything with v4 . 
  slovenia was a part of yugoslavia for 70 years . 
  all the history before that it was either under austria either under italy . 
  so you would not consider us central europe because of 70 years of history , because we are slavs or why ? 
  could you please divide it accordingly then ? 
  so slovenia would be southern europe ? 
  together with italy and greece ? 
  you also have geschichte as in story and history . 
  and pilze for mushrooms and fungi ( which makes sense but is still gross ) . 
  a bit offtopic : i am just learning german and was also confusing furchtbar ( horrible ) with fruchtbar ( fertile ) which is a mistake you would never make as a native :d stadt ( city ) and staat ( country ) also sound similar in pronunciation and i have trouble with see ( lake ) since i see all this sea in the middle of the country sometime :d, 
  in english i also noticed free as in no cost and free as in having freedom . 
  in slovenian this are two different words - svobodno and zastonj . 
  on the other hand in slovenian we do not differentiate between comfortable and cozy . 
  that is just udobno for us . 
  fun fact : slovenian has dual ( a form of verb to describe just two people ) which makes it pretty romantic . 
  it can cause problems since a region in slovenia does not use it , so people would say we had sex instead of the two of had sex which can lead to confusion :p, 
  my hometown is 10min away from italy and we still buy pasta , tomato sauce , laundry detergent , mascarpone , prosciutto , slovenian beer , fonzies , alcohol , panna di cucina , colazione pi\u00fa , panetone ... in italy . 
  it is just cheaper there and like you said , we have very similar cuisine . 
  anyway the fact remains that yugoslavians near the border could cross it and buy all this things in italy and were rich enough to do so . 
  a person in bosnia just survived without marendine . . 
  i answered this question already - i am born in the republic slovenia , did not live in yugoslavia . 
  ( also i am a girl , not that it matters but still  ), 
  please turn on slo3 and come back to me again ... 
  i love slovenia with all my heart and would not exchange it . 
  still being paranoid by everything remotely smelling of yu is a slovenian trait ( of certain people ) i do not really understand or approve of . 
   or you could advocate for democratic processes and got shot , exiled or become a `` non-person '' . 
   also you had to be really loud and politically active against the system to be thrown in jail ( even if the level of harshness about this varied through time - think of edvard kardelj ) , just ranting about the government in a bar did not get you to goli otok . 
   i heard that it was n't uncommon for people to `` borrow '' building materials ( and never return them ) from their places of work so they could afford their new houses ( which were build kinda everywhere without much forethought ) . 
  true . 
  but technically everything was public property anyway . 
   which culminated in genocide after the money ran out ( i 'm simplifying but i hope you get it ) . 
  if you read cia dispatches written after the ww2 from slovenia nobody was happy with the way things were even then . 
  it was not bratstvo in enotnost that did that . 
  it was the end of it that lead to genocide . 
   that says more about mladina than about slovenia . 
  it does . 
  but it also tells you that critical though was a thing in yu as well . 
   read up on history . 
  muslims were always foreigners here and the only way they are building that mosque is by donations from the middle east . 
  i do not know what history you were thought but muslims were never foreigners for me . 
  i know many muslim families.the are and were part of our history and common in the yu space . 
  the mosque thing is sad . 
  while i do support the separation of church and state i do not approve of spreading of wahhabism that comes with saudi arabian money . 
   not to mention socialism is not the same as communism i know . 
  that is why i put communism in brakets . 
  also there was no communistic country by that criteria so no one can reply to this question then . 
   technically we have less millonares now since there is n't rampant inflation that was in yu near the end .
