  you have a bigger chance to find someone that speaks french then russian ( please tourists , stop coming to slovenia with russian dictionaries ... ), 
  so in elementary school you just get english ? 
  bernie for example would not be considered far left at all . 
  he way way to moderate for that . 
  not to say that some things he fights for ( like universal health system ) already exists in europe anyway . 
  i am worried about us politics . 
  about polarization in them not really but about your politics in general . 
  you are sailing far from a modern developed western liberal democracy and you are not really aware of it either . 
  also there is a crazy orange with a finger on the button so ... 
  he would be considered normal in slovenia , definitely not far left wing , because he was too moderate actually . 
  he would for sure have chances to win though . 
  we really should come up with new terminology for ussr , because they were not socialist / not in a way comparable with bernie ... 
  between 25 and 32 . 
  28 is the government mandated max for elementary schools , 32 for gymnasiums . 
  a nice traditional home made slovenian clear beef soup with ribana ka\u0161ica and carrots . 
  mmm i miss home ... :d, 
  [ mine ] ( https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=84.8&amp;d=80.9&amp;g=75.0&amp;s=84.1 ) i think they are pretty accurate . 
  i am very socialist , internationalist , liberal and progressive i guess but like other pointed out the label ` libertarian socialism ' is something i hear for the first time ... 
  well i do . 
  because it may be a part of your national identity and want the queen on the money but it is a requirements and a very sensible thing to do , to have a single currency in a single market , which the eu is supposed to be . 
  if not , allow me at least to pay in euros even if you do n't have them . 
  same here , also 92 ' . 
  my mum slapped me a couple of times not strong but well deserved and it hurt more symbolically than physically . 
  but my dad 's one week silent treatment , where he just did not speak with me for a week , that was worse for me . 
   i 'm a software developer for a large tech company . 
  ok my husband is also from this sector and has no problem anywhere but i studied international relations so gl : hf . 
   it depends . 
  i think it 's harder to get fired at larger companies because an individual employee does n't have as large of an impact . 
  it 's easier at smaller companies , but it 's not like it 's something that just happens randomly . 
  do you have a probationary period and a notice period ? 
  it is quite standard here to have 1-3 months notice period but some even have like 6 months to the end of quarter of a year ( so they can quite every three months and be employed another 6 months so also up to 9 months after you quit/get fired ) . 
  did a mention a year ( approx . ), 
  paid maternity and parental leave ( so the year can be split by parents ) where it is illegal for the employer to fire you and he has to give you a job when you are ready to work again ? 
  i know us has 2 months unpaid leave minimum ( which can be shortened if the mother wants - in slovenia you have a minimum and you can not go to work before that ) but does maternity leave also differ from company to company ? 
  do you know what maternity leave state employees get ? 
  well this guys company did pay the vacation out , yes . 
  but the guy also works like 12 + hours a day . . 
  i would rather my time off than money ... 
   people with unlimited vacation usually take less of it because they 're not entitled to a specific number of days . 
  this makes people feel bad about asking for too much time off . 
  yeah , i figured . 
  unlimited vacation ? 
  to good to be true   no paid sick leave , although some companies do offer it . 
  the company i work for will pay you for 12 weeks at 80 % of your salary if you 're sick . 
  can i ask in which sector you are working ? 
  but yeah , i guess it really does depend on company to company . 
  is it very hard to change a job in the us ? 
  is it easy to get fired ? 
  can you be picky about such things because you have several offers ( lets assume we are talking after uni jobs here ) . 
   are you not regulated to a specific amount of sick days in slovania ? 
  no because it is sickness and you can not plan it . 
  same in germany . 
  it differs from company to company for the period you can call in sick before you need a doctors note but usually between 1 and 3 days . 
  and all this days you are sick are 100 % paid ( ok you do not get the addition for food and transport for that day in slovenia ) . 
  if you are sick for longer than 2 ( ? ), 
  months , your employer does not need to pay your wage anymore and your insurance takes that over . 
  in germany the insurance provider you chose , in slovenia the state since you are paying insurance for this to the state every month with a tax from your wage . 
  and all the rest are connected with russia + 1st of may and 11th of jan for new year ? 
  what do you celebrate ? 
  ( at this point you are also welcome to just refer me to google :d ), 
  omg now i understand that this is actually the average what you said . 
  ok that is not a lot 10 days no ... we do n't get to transfer our work free day holidays , we just have to wait for a better year . 
  but now i am not sure how much i can complain about that in comparison with 10 days ... what about sick days ? 
  are they paid ? 
  o that is cool . 
  in germany and slovenia the state is like : tough titty , better luck next year :d in germany , every state has its own holidays , hamburg just has friday and monday of for easter but no other doubles or more . 
  slovenia on the other hand , has 1st and 2nd of january and 1st and 2nd of may . 
  the 2nd do not have an official purpose - the unofficial one is to get sober :d but we do n't have more days than 2 after another . 
  are you work free days also connected to orthodox holidays ( like we have catholic ones ? ), 
   how would vacation work exactly if weekends are included ? 
  what would happen if you wanted to take a whole week off ? 
  normally you would just take off monday through friday , but would you also include the saturdays and sundays before monday and after friday ? 
  i suggest you scroll to estonian flag on this post , he explained it nicely . 
   even here in the us , which is notorious for having no legally mandated vacation time , vacation days never include weekends . 
  i have heard a horrible statistic that 30 % of your workforce does not have any paid vacation . 
  i understand however , that 70 % then do :d but you should make a mandatory minimum . 
  you have it for crimes , have it for relaxation as well . 
   this is one of the reasons why some companies offer unlimited vacation . 
  there 's no accrued vacation time so they do n't have to pay it out when you leave . 
  ooo , this is smart !, 
  because then like tho whole culture of the company is probably a bit more discouraging for taking vacation so no one takes like 50 days vacation anyway ? 
  would you get fired if you did that in such a company ? 
  also , us does not have paid sick leave right ? 
  my friend from japan said he did have 28 days but he is definitely not encouraged to take them and the more vacation you have left the better worker you are + he is saving them , in case he gets sick . 
  japan also limited ** overhours ** per month to 40 ( so another additional workweek per month you can overtime in japan ) , because some people had 90 hours overtime :o :o i come from a country , where we mostly work from 8-16h and work until 16h means you close at 15:50 cuz your are out of the door by 16:00 and you have to tidy up :d . i am oversimplifying a bit , because of course it depends who and what but you meaningless desk job sure . 
  and on top of that it is perfectly acceptable to leave earlier on friday . 
  i love europe for that - the love for quality of life . 
  i heard that if there is a national holiday on the weekend in canada it gets transferred to a work day . 
  is that true ? 
  also does this number differ from different state ( or is this federal level minimum ) and from employer to employer ? 
  do you have national holidays that are also over a span of days or are they usually individual ? 
  also what happens if a national holiday is on a saturday or sunday ? 
   that 's as much as in slovenia with 20 days . 
  but the minimum they get is 14 +7 +7 , not 14 +14 . 
  i see . 
  but i can take one day or friday and monday and it counts as two days , without the weekend . 
   erm , no . 
  obviously you take a day off , but you need to clear it with your employer . 
  in germany it seems to be at employers grace but my company offers you additional ` special ' vacation days if you get married or your close family member gets married , if you have big wedding anniversaries , if your spouse , parents or child dies , if you get a child , if you move your apartment and if you are employed 10 years . 
  kinda like for ` life events ' .
