  haha this is a good one , you are technically right of course . 
   inequality in slovenia is also one of the lowest in oecd . 
  i know that . 
  but it got worse over the last few years . 
   you seriously underestimate the ammount of aid that us provided after ww2 to yu . 
  maybe . 
  but i still think it was easier for yu to stand up to us than it is for slovenia today . 
  gini coefficient is not perfect but it is still an indicator . 
  the fact that is getting higher can not be positive . 
  i appreciate the economy lesson but i did not say yu economy did not have issues . 
  i also understand what debt to gdp ratios is . 
  but the fact still remains it shows spending of a country and for an average janez , the reasons why slovenia is in debt did not mean more social and economic rights . 
   regarding the fact that we do n't have certain rights and privileges i cant really say anything since i do n't understand what you mean by that . 
  if anything , i would say an average person has more rights and privileges today , than they had in yugoslavia . 
  that was very awkwardly written on my part , i will edit it . 
  i meant social and economic rights . 
   slovenia joined nato voluntarily , we were not forced to do it . 
  as part of such alliance we also made some commitments that we should honor . 
  just because usa are also an important member of the nato it does n't mean you become an us lap dog by default , by joining the alliance . 
  nato was not really the same organization when slovenia joined . 
  even so , would i have the voting right i would vote against . 
  the fact still is that slovenia shifted significantly its non proliferation and disarmament position ever since joining nato . 
  also , do you remember mussomeli and his need to comment on everything publicly ? 
  i am sure our government gets more pressure the public does not see . 
   we do n't have a smaller market , especially since slovenia is part of the european single market that currently compromises of some 500 million people . 
  besides that we also have better conditions for trade with the rest of the world . 
  our market increased massively . 
  sure after joining the eu . 
  i did write eu is a positive thing . 
  but still the european market is different than the yu one ( of course we have to now adjust our production to capitalistic standards and slovenian brands are just not as appreciated or known in the eu as they were in yu ) . 
   overall i ca n't agree with your view that we are in a worse situation today , compared to the situation while we were still in yugoslavia . 
  i never said that . 
  i agree with you - slovenia is now better than yu . 
  yu is a country that died decades ago , of course things changed in the mean time , geopolitical and financial situation of the world as a whole . 
  i am also not delusional as to think that the continuation of yu would be a good thing . 
  but i will argue that there were certain things that were better in yu . 
  that is all . 
  at least people were n't screaming that all muslims are terrorists ... also the 5 black people we have in slovenia came there in yugoslavian times . . 
  i live in germany now , opposite to kaufland . 
  there is so much choice of products . 
  you get vanilla yogurt from 5 different brands . 
  really an utopia this capitalism . 
  worth the inequality just so i can choose from 5 same fucking things . 
  waited in line . . did you ever see a mercator before holidays ? 
  people are still spying on their families , just not reporting it i guess . 
  we changed that bitterness for endless inheritance battles . . you still today should report any suspicious activity to the police . 
  that is common sense . 
  hyperinflation - sure . 
  but yugoslavia had less public debt than slovenia has now . 
  power outages - you do realize that technical progress exploded in the last 20 years ? 
  also , there is still trouble with public infrastructure . 
  on \u0160kofije ( since they are so popular now ) they have big troubles with power since a lot of new houses are connected to the electricity supply , without it being upgraded for increased capacity . 
  they also do not have canalization and there is 3000 of them , not 4 in the middle of the forest . . 
  the party had its flaws sure , but at the end of the day that was the only thing required . 
  no matter your background you could become someone . 
  if you were a siblings in a single mothers home with a minimum wage , you could still study and live in a house . 
  you also could open your own business even if you were not in the party . 
  also you had to be really loud and politically active against the system to be thrown in jail ( even if the level of harshness about this varied through time - think of edvard kardelj ) , just ranting about the government in a bar did not get you to goli otok . 
  and today ? 
  what counts is money and if you went to be\u017eigrajska or play fancy golf in rotary/lions club ... by socialist values i meant the fact that back then charity did not have to be collected so that children can eat a meal in school , the sense of community and public good , where people felt thing were actually public property and thus their own ( like working through delovne brigade ) , the corruption for public good not private pocket , the bratstvo in enotnost , the values of a secular society where religion is not your main identity , the value of free education and healthcare for everyone ( just check sds and nsi what they would do for healthcare ) , the value of solidarity and redistribution . 
  if i have to give up my choice of laundry detergents for a country where this would be the values , i gladly would . 
  but enough about me ... 
  i am answering and you are bating and trolling . 
  please elaborate what is so superior about slovenia over yugoslavia ? 
  should i be happy about the fact that i can only dream about a house , vacation every school holidays , a good car and an actual permanent job which is an image the our society portraits as the standard ? 
  or the fact that bav\u010dars , jan\u0161as , zidars , tov\u0161aks and company can make millions by treating people like shit and stealing money ? 
  the fact that we call muslims foreigners now and throw pig heads in front of their ( only and not yet built ) mosque ? 
  that we answer to us that makes us participate in bullshit wars so we can than pretend we have contributed nothing to the refugee crisis ? 
  that our most watched tv is bullshit sensationalist patronizing american owned poptv ? 
  the fact that we became afraid of boobs on tv ? 
  the fact that mladina , that was an actual critical newspaper in yugoslavia , has become a patronizing , watered-down bitch fest ? 
  or that 3000 people per year leave because they can not work in what they studied , since we live in a 2 million people market ? 
  the fact that most young people today prefer to speak english with our southern slav brothers ? 
  or that we act so superior to them and other slavs because we say ja not da ? 
  i did n't mean just the color of skin . 
  religious and cultural diversity was bigger in yugoslavia than are now in slovenia . 
  i was answering the question what changed , not arguing to make yugoslavia a country again . 
  i am not bitter about slovenia being an independent country , i am bitter about this generation forgetting the socialist values as soon as someone promised more choices of laundry detergent ... 
  did you ever see the size of our houses ? 
  what about the fact that no one died from poverty ? 
  cheap loans ( not only because of inflation but in terms of interest rates as well ) , work ( even if over employment at times ) , international cooperation on a worldwide scale ? 
  also what is ` towards the end ' ? 
  the golden 60s ? 
  and yugoslavia was not soviet union . 
  you could go abroad and buy chocolate if gorenjka was not good enough for you . . 
  i disagree . 
  we are so white washed that bosnians are diversity for us . 
  in yugoslavia there was a lot more programs with other non-alligned countries and i think it is a shame we do n't have that anymore . 
  it 's nice to be a student in slovenia . 
  but the reason for ` old students ' it is because is quite cheap to work as a student in terms of taxes and employers do n't have to provide a contract or health insurance . 
  also students as workforce are very flexible and the supply is basically unlimited . 
  a lot of people will then by choice or need ` fake ' enroll in universities and work normal full time hours . 
  since also students pay less taxes than employees , it is a nice way to make money . 
  it does not count as real work though and once you can not have the student status anymore , it is hard to get employed , since they will just hire another student . . 
  some students finish the universities though , so we also have quite some people with two degrees , 
  born in slovenia . 
  so no , i did not live in yugoslavia . 
  but i see the standard that my parents and grandparents had , and i know i will not be able to achieve it . 
  also thanks to privatization and capitalism in slovenia . 
  big mac index is a legit index .
