based on what you believe that ? 
  hi , working for the eu is very very hard . 
  the process takes you a year and a half , after that you stay in the database for 2 years and if no one wants to hire you , you have to do the tests again . 
  for forum maybe try [ this ] ( https://eutraining.eu/forums/epso-competitions ) or other sites where they help you with epso tips . 
  i guess it would be easier , if you try and get to eu sent thorough your national diplomacy . 
  ok , so my country has one of the most house ownership , because in yu it was very cheap to build a house . 
  germans mostly live in smaller units , not with extended families in urban areas where house/apartment market is expensive and crazy . 
  if you compare frankfurt to london , germans are not an exception here . 
  secondly , germans save 1 euro of every 10 they earn and on average have much higher wages . 
  of course when you do not worry about surviving , you prefer vacation over money , since you already have enough of money . 
  raising wage influences productivity only up to a certain point and after , free time becomes more important for people . 
  nothing to do with materialism , just basic economics . 
  ok just a short walk through let us say edam , will show a bunch of rich houses with big windows and interiors that are like from a catalog . 
  walking around amsterdam was the same for me , it was clear that the dutch society is very rich and does give a f * ck about cars , houses , brands , clothes and so on . 
  dutch people themselves as individuals that i met are still awesome , albeit a bit stingy for my ee standards . 
  i do not mean anything bad by this , no need to be offended . 
  i guess we know very different materialistic people then . 
  the ones i know are just stingy i guess ... 
  if money and material products are your life goal you are much more careful about sharing them . 
  rich people do not stay rich because they are nice people and give their money away ... 
  ok let me be clear - of course i am talking stereotypes here , so of course this is not a rule . 
  but living in germany , it has happened to me before . 
  also just the fact that everyone mostly pays for themselves was just surprising for me , coming from my environment . 
  in the context when i went to a meal or drink with the same people daily , i usually pay for the whole meal and the person does it the next day . 
  of course slovenian waiters will be very mad or will even not split your bill even if you want to , also for credit cards , so there is also no choice i guess ( except if you have a variety of change in your wallet  ) :d, 
  ok i googled it :  materialism  m\u0259\u02c8t\u026a\u0259r\u026a\u0259l\u026az ( \u0259 ) m /  noun : materialism  1 . a tendency to consider material possessions and physical comfort as more important than spiritual values . 
  not sharing is definitely in the spirit of materialism . 
  sorry but this is my experience especially since i connect materialism also with sharing . 
  people in germany invite you for their birthday in a restaurant and make you pay it yourself . 
  bring your own food & alcohol to their parties and so on . 
  how many times have i given my last cigarette were my we friends still asked me ( which i would never do ) but never shared they 're own and similar . 
  with all our slavic brothers that was never the case or a problem . 
  ex-ussr and yu are a lot less material then western europe in general , italy and spain included . 
  in my experience , dutch people are very materialistic and very much concerned about the looks of their houses where they have this big exhibition windows where they show off how much money then have by buying a chair for 400 eur and similar . 
  i know some who are poor because they do not have playstation 4 for example ... 
  i find spanish one of the cutest : with the b instead of v , with all the ` ai em espeaking ' :d on the other hand , non-british english speakers ( in uk ) are very hard to understand for me . 
  every attempt of italian in any italian restaurant in hamburg . 
  no fire no pizza people !, 
  wow . 
  western europeans in their history education . 
  i did an international masters in politics and most of my schoolmates where western europeans . 
  i was shocked how limited their knowledge of history is , mostly revolving just around their country . 
  i did not expect people to know much about my country but it is like their educational systems just care about their own countries . 
  context : in slovenia i did not have history after ww2 . 
  we did european history mostly and from every age we talk a bit what happened in the meantime on slovenian territory . 
  but the focus was europe as a whole . 
  as a woman i can confirm . 
  specially when it comes to social rights and americans i can get really bitter ... 
  pizza burek . 
  slovenian version of shitting on other nations ' traditional food :d, 
   is there a country where it 's always warm and sunny , but not over 30 \u00b0 c ? 
  that would be heaven for me . 
  our coast ? 
  not a lot of times temperatures over 30 , 2/3 of the year are sunny days . 
  no need to go far :d, 
   do you think that poland , hungary and the czech republic should be allowed to reject the refugee quotas without consequences ? 
  no , we are talking about relocation of people with asylum from other eu countries . 
   and if you do n't want to have them there , you should be free to spend your resources on that . 
  that is not how asylum policy works . 
  you do not give people asylum in a foreign place . 
  we are talking about people who have their asylum already approved and not the ones who are still in outside the eu . 
  because keeping people in ghettos in the middle of the desert is not really in line with our , western values . 
  did you see this camps ? 
  you can not seriously suggest anyone stays there for more than a week let alone years that will take to stop the war in syria and rebuild the country . 
  are v4 in nato ? 
  did they send their military to syria and others ? 
  yes and yes . 
  they are just as responsible for the refugee crisis then . 
  instead of protesting muslims we should protest nato . 
  but as long as our countries help to create conflict we are also responsible for the consequences of it . 
   probably would n't be so bad without all the accusations and allegations of shady shit involving putin . 
  yes yes , cuz america is a clean tear of reason ... 
  still no reason to have offensive russians in commercials . 
  i am not just talking about how americans address putin - i do not mind that , i mind the generalisation and stereotypes portrayed about normal , everyday russians as irrational , violent , stupid ( they are objectively more educated than americans btw ) , mean , retarded with a very very horrible accents in all regards ( which is really a shitty thing to do english native speakers . . ), 
  what do you mean with ` opposing western integration ' ? 
  i speak four foreign languages and in the last year and a half i learned german ( b2 .2 - i work in german ) while having a full time job , two hours comute and doing a regular masters degree . 
  also we are talking about europe and france has a 35 hour work week . 
  so what is your point ( clearly ) english native speaker ? 
  you should take automation into account in your math . 
  and things like ubi . 
  your first lady is slovenian but no one is saying anything about slovenia ? 
  also apparently we are some poor ex-communist country which forced poor melania to flee . 
  and while slovenia has been more present in american media lately , it is not really talked about as a country ( like john oliver spoke about laibach playing in nk , \u017di\u017eek is invited to some shows and so on ) . 
  but i must say , since we are on the topic , american media is super biased and mean in a very low , unfunny and stereotypical way about russians . 
  i am not a fan of russia but american anti-russian propaganda is just sad and nasty . 
   `` why should we have to learn other languages when they speak english '' as someone who speaks 5 foreign languages i am frustrated by this sometimes . 
  when we are in a group of international people , sometimes we have to speak english just because there is one native speaker who does not speak any other language . 
  we could easily talk in italian or french or german or spanish ... but we ca n't . 
  and this gives an advantage to natives to only be using their native language and often not understand the difficulty of mastering a foreign language . 
  especially brits are so quick to correct your english and judge you for it while not speaking a single foreign language fluently themselves . 
  often it also leads to miscommunications like trying to explain how fucking or cunt are just words with no emotional connection for me , so sometimes you come across for being very rude , without the intent to do so . 
  about the teachers though - this is a very common problem also in france , italy and spain with english teachers for example . 
  in slovenia , we are too small to dub all our movies , so we always hear the original ( which is a lot of time english ) with subtitles . 
  we also have native english speakers taking part in classes but our teachers in general have a great command of english themselves . 
  the same with other languages like german , italian , spanish . . my uni was basically in english in terms of classes and exams while 90 % of the literature was in other language than slovenian . 
  by not speaking more languages you are loosing on complexity of your values , understating of the world , relations , brain power and reflection on your own language and culture . 
  do not touch my healthcare . 
  because of minorities , we also in some parts learn their languages . 
  i got italian , english and german in elementary school , most people in slovenia get two foreign languages in elementary school , more in high school ( also depends on the program you choose ) . 
  most commonly we learn italian , french , spanish and german .
