  so it happens that people take vacation two times per year for 14 days and that is it ? 
  all they get ? 
  do you have special vacation days ? 
  like if your spouse dies or you get married ? 
  yes , i did not add it is for 5 days working day because your are perfectly right , minimum vacation depends on the days worked . 
  saturday also is counted as a working day ( when you are calculating over hours for example ) but not in the sense that if you work 5 days per week having off on saturday will count as a vacation day or something . 
  how many weeks do you have in summer during this time ? 
  4 like sweden , 2 like italy . . ? 
   you are however entitled to at least four continuous weeks during the period june-august . 
  wow , that is very interesting . 
  does that result in collective vacation in a lot of companies in the summer then ? 
  in italy for example almost the whole country has off in the period 01-15 .08 . 
  but it does kinda make sense since the only time one can enjoy the outside so far north is probably in the summer , 
  well countries like the us , japan ... 
  there is 145 countries that offer paid sick leave but some do n't ... 
  so which system did you prefer ? 
  where did you get the most out of vacation days ? 
  also what happens if you are sick longer then 17 days i guess in places like israel ? 
  does the insurance cover it afterwards or they just fire you ( i am guessing you are not an expert on employment law , so sorry if i am going too much into detail ) . 
  so how does that work in practice ? 
  include weekends ? 
  you can not take just monday and friday off ? 
  or you always need to take a certain amount of vacation when you want to go on vacation so you can just take lets say 7 days at a time ( brazil has something like this ) ? 
  there is no minimum ? 
  so theoretically someone can get 0 vacation days ? 
  i really like ours . 
  i think it is one of the rare national anthems in the world that does not speak about the country . 
  our anthem does not mention slovenia at all . 
  it is a short text about how every nation should have the write to exist , how there should be piece and how one should be nice to ones neighbour . 
  its very hippy and open . 
  english translation :  ~ ~ god 's ~ ~ blessing on all nations ,  who long and work for that bright day ,  when o'er earth 's habitations  no war , no strife shall hold its sway ;  who long to see  that all men free  no more shall foes , but neighbours be . 
  edit : in original there is no god ... 
  maybe let us wait until they actually leave ? 
  also should this be a question , i think it would take decades before uk would request such a thing anyway . 
  but if yes , then no rabate and euro would be the minimum requirements imo . 
  why monarchy ? 
  why would a democratic country want to willingly put an elite family to rule them based on what their ancestors did , so their spoiled , rich children can rule ? 
  i just wonder why anyone would want this medieval practice anymore ? 
  last macedonian i met told me slovenia can not be balkan because we say ja instead of da :d, 
  thank you for reminding me about that . 
  that was a really nice come together from all sides . 
  it does make sense as slovenia took proportionately a lot of refugees in the 90s , that still have family there and during that time they got to share their stories and touch some other people as well . 
  also when meeting people from ex-yu abroad , you will always point that point and usually in a nostalgic way - if not for socialism than for the brotherhood and unity . 
  as an immigrant in germany , i am totally balkanizied :d i take advantage of my ex-yu all the time :p, 
  yes , there could be . 
  but there is not . 
  it is the opposite of it really . 
  yugoslavia kept the propaganda ( and myth up to a point ) of brotherhood and unity . 
  there was state atheism in yugoslavia . 
  today , religious identity has become really important in the balkans , combined with ( artificial ) diversification of languages and spreading of hate . 
  serbia and croatia can not see each other , bosnia is still under ` international leadership ' , slovenia and croatian still can not agree about the border and so on . 
  my generation speaks with them in english and slovenians are pissed , if we are called balkan or put into this category . 
  i mean , sure me personally , i totally agree with you . 
  it is a shame . 
  but i also do not really see some cooperation without a union possible . 
  the only thing would be eu membership of all ex-yu countries and then we would maybe make a block like the visegrad have . 
  but even that is questionable ... 
  yugoslavia definitely had some advantages , especially for your average citizen . 
  but in terms of yugoslavia existing again it is very unrealistic . 
  after decades of ` brotherhood and unity ' the nationalists in our countries made sure , there is no more community feeling between the nations . 
  i was born in slovenia - my generation does not have yugoslavian history in schools , we do not speak serbo-croatian ( and these two became separate languages now ) ... imo that is too bad . 
  i would love to have a relationship with our southern slavic brothers like the scandinavians do , or the baltics . . instead we still just want to fight each other and capitalism makes the rivalry even easier and more legitimate . 
  our traditional music and food is so similar to the rest of alps ( in germany , austria and switzerland ) yet the music is known as ` bavarian ' music ... also , slovenia was never ussr . 
  people usually ask me about bananas , jeans and if i speak russian ... 
  hm ... best summarised with the last ambassador to slovenia which was a democrat from obama administration and he was apparently very liberal . 
  he paired up with the furthers right in the parliament and still they were left for american standards . 
  even our far-right wants universal health care and free education . . 
  22 out of 28 are . 
  not vinegar , 
  no , i do n't . 
  also almost no one i know ( from my country ) is . 
  i think it has to do with state atheism in yugoslavia , which i still support . 
  secularism to maximum - believe what you will at home , but in public discourse and in schools , religion is just one of your identities and you are not allowed or supposed to shove it in peoples faces . . 
  yes , sadly this is true . 
  nutella is super easy to compare : you buy one in slovenia ( made in poland ) , one in italy ( made in italy ) and one in m\u00fcller ( made in germany ) and you have 3 different products . 
  italian has more nuts , german more chocolate and the polish one is just disgusting xd and like other people pointed out , our food in ee is not cheaper or anything . . just of poor quality . 
  that is why we are not so obsessed with brands imo , because a non-brand things may sometimes actually be of a better quality than the more expensive , branded products . 
  no worries , english did not circumvent our part of the globe . 
  majority of my literature and a lot of classes and exams in university of ljubljana , slovenia were in english . 
  also , in general , it is not eastern europeans who can be judged for not learning foreign languages dear english , spanish , french and italian people ( !, 
  did we miss the part when the macedonian government actually attacked greece ? 
  it never happen to me that someone would tell me slovenia did shitty things . 
  they usually know too little of our history and we did not do a lot of shitty things to other people anyway . . 
  i actually love it . 
  i cook with it , put it in my spinach , eat roasted turkey , pickles and pb sandwiches , pbj of course and even pb and nutella , though is like snickers on bread . 
  but i first tried it in my uni years . . 
  4 million erasmus babies since the beginning of the program . 
  eu literally helping to make eu citizens , 
  well good luck have fun . 
  first of all , you missed a crucial part that is to tell us , which country you are from . 
  are you from an eu member state ? 
  are you from brexitland ? 
  eu has quotas so that is why it is important . 
  but in general , working for eu institutions is very hard . 
  first of all you have to check epso regularly and see if they make a call for some entry level jobs . 
  and then you need to take the tests ( that are in 3 stages ) which are actually pretty hard and you do have to study for them ( most people do 2-3 months intensive preparations ) . 
  from when you apply to the end the whole process will take you a year to a year and a half ( and that is only if you are successful on the first call you apply , since they are not even opening them every year ) . 
  and if you pass all of this , what you actually get is on the waiting list for institution to hire you from and if in 2 years nobody is interested , you have to do the whole thing again . 
  sooo ** do n't ** move to brussels to work in eu institutions . 
  first get a job there and then move .
