  welp , they got 133 seats , so there 's another supermajority . 
  i would very much appreciate it if we did less freedom fighting against everybody in the world these next four years . 
  it gets relatively tiring , stopping all these power-hungry banks and treacherous eu institutions . 
  hopefully the global conspiracy - coordinated by the jews , illuminati , eu , george soros and everybody that 's not putin - will come to a halt as they realize hungary was victorious yet again , and we can go back to picking up our eur350 paychecks . 
   0:52 i knew nagy imre was alive !, 
  the title makes it sound like a strand of dna saw eva braun coming out of a jewish community center one late night . 
  well then say goodbye to eu membership . 
  i like how they say exactly who the woman was . 
  establishing a quota ? 
  yes , reverse discrimination is sure to help the situation . 
  after all , affirmative action in the us never created resentment towards those who enjoyed its benefits right ? 
  i think this issue is being blown out of proportion . 
  the number is n't so low because people do n't want to see women in office ; gender equality on hungary is actually among the tightest in europe . 
  its simply the idea that many women in hungary choose to pursue other paths . 
  it 's not that women in hungary do n't have the choice to pursue what the want , it 's just that conservatism on behalf of women ( such as settling down and establishing families ) is still more present . 
  that 's not a bad thing ; they can still pursue a career in politics or public policy if they choose . 
  bahaha all of europe might as well be in black, 
  wow , such genius . 
  why is your flare a black flag ? 
  hungary air force 14 planes . 
  hungary air force stronk . 
  hungary air force very relevant !, 
  * wakes up *, 
  this article looks like it took a great deal of effort to make . 
  up next : `` after years of research , it is concluded that hatred incites more hatred . '', 
  `` what putin is doing is the same thing those goddamn germans did in 1938 . 
  i ca n't believe this shit is happening all over again . '', 
  - german finance minister, 
  this is one of the few cases where the reddit april fools thing in the title actually totally makes sense :d, 
  the scope of the cult of personality for these two is maddening . 
  like , even compared to the other communist leaders of the era . 
  and we had some craaaaazy fuckers . 
  i know i might sound like a scumbag conspiracy theorist , but i think russia is financing the leadership of the right sector . 
  not the followers , just the leadership . 
  it 's in russia 's interest to push `` fascism '' in ukraine , since that would ( i 'm their minds ) justify an invasion of all of ukraine , not just areas of russian majority ( for which areas an annexation is a question of ` when ' , not ` if ' ) . 
  russia will `` save the world from fascism '' by either reinstating yanukovich or appointing a successor . 
  of course this all ca n't happen if tensions dwindle in ukraine . 
  the right sektor has to stay alive long enough for just one wrongful death after which everything would be fair game . 
  and it 's playing out pretty nicely foe putin so far , i 'd say . 
  everyone knows the free world wo n't stand up for a non-nato country . 
  let 's face it , europe , russia won this - regardless how many millionaires you place sanctions on . 
  yes , shame on the west . 
  shame on them for calling russia out when it physically invades a civilized country . 
  ca n't it see that german businessmen are trying to make more money , and their fun is ruined when diplomacy becomes hostile ? 
  i very much feel for these poor execs : all they wanted to do was live their lives , making money , sometimes legally sometimes not . 
  but how dare the west break such a flow ? 
  what the fuck is its problem ? 
  what 's interesting to see is that kiska did n't win the first round . 
  so the slovak voters were heavily split , but would rather see kiska than fico , if i understand correctly ? 
  waiter gets a dime as tip : `` i quit ! '', 
  * slap *, 
  i brought the popcorn y' all ; willing to trade for nacho cheese though . 
  i like how it has pictures of the cities themselves in each one except manchester . 
  there it 's just rooney :d, 
  i have n't seen them yet , but i doubt they have electronic checkpoints . 
  we 're not that advanced yet . 
  one step at a time man :d, 
  odds are you rode the 3rd ( blue ) line . 
  it 's the only line now which has those soviet-era cars . 
  then again , the 2nd line also had a few in operation until last april i believe . 
  anyways , the renovation of the 3rd line is anticipated to begin next year . 
  and if this construction project is a pointer of any sorts , then the soviet cars will be gone within 10-12 years :d, 
  this is a genuine time for celebration for budapesters . 
  the construction project was notorious for funding embezzlement and has been in planning since 1970 . 
  it was supposed to open in the mid-2000s . 
  an entire generation grew up while this thing was being built . 
  in fact , a saying developed in hungary : '' ... will happen as soon as metro 4 opens . '', 
  basically it 's a saying for something incredibly unlikely . 
  now we 'll have to devise a new saying : / / / /, 
   in ww2 allied forces included usa , uk , and ussr . 
  there was no hierarchy between them and they still did well as an alliance . 
  but they did n't have a united military , did they ? 
  what you describe is pretty much what the eu battlegroup situation is today . 
  yes an alliance can be effective with a non-hierarchical system , but not a uniform military force . 
  huge difference between the two . 
  that 's not a common military unit . 
  they 're donated units which do n't answer to either the legislature or executive of the eu ; they answer to a collective leadership ( or sometimes just one state ) set up by the states whose group it is . 
  that is far from a common military unit . 
  an efficient military must have a strict system of hierarchy . 
  the eu was founded on voluntary ideas , far from establishing a common military . 
  the closest it has is the common foreign/security policy and a handful of donated battlegroups ( a few hundred or thousand soldiers in each ) . 
  however , nothing in the treaty authorizes either the ep or ec in establishing and maintaining a common military or declaring war/making peace . 
  i my opinion , this is because there is still a great deal of animosity between several member states , notably in the eastern half of the eu . 
  how would the eu set up guidelines for when conflict ( hopefully never will be a case , but still ) arises between eu member states ? 
  member states joined voluntarily , but up til today , there was no clause in their joining saying they will be invaded by an eu contingent if they start a conflict with another state . 
  the problem would be that who could determine which side has the moral right in the conflict ? 
  also , almost all eu states are in nato . 
  as eu member states - with the exception of the uk - have shown over the past twenty years , they are still disproportionately reliant on the us as far as military `` field trips '' are concerned . 
  this is a problem the eu has had since its inception : to be able to use military force , the union would have to have the courage of adapting aggressive foreign policies when needed . 
  the us is the best example for this : the us does not give a rat 's ass who 's going to give it the death stare for invading another country if it feels it has to be done to protect its interests . 
  now , regardless of the moral argument surrounding that , the us can order hundreds of thousands of soldiers to any point of the world because it is efficient . 
  eu member states often have different positions on foreign policy issues . 
  thus , if a conflict arises in non-eu territory , some states may be much more reluctant to `` go in '' than others . 
  look at the nato part of isaf in afghanistan : 34,000 american troops , and the next is the uk with 5,000 . 
  it goes much further down after that . 
  nato is still almost all-us effort . 
  therefore , if the eu is to establish a united military , it has to engrave the idea of potential mass casualties to a state 's military force into each member state 's brain . 
  that 's a burden which has been carried by the us since the second world war , but will have to be re-assumed by the eu states . 
  a difficult sell , to say the least . 
  reasons for the army : the world will continue to treat the eu like a child until it has a functioning military .
