  very unfortunate . 
  i was pointing out op 's comparison problems . 
  it is ironic though , given russia 's lack of care for democracy within its borders . 
  yes , that 's called hypocrisy . 
  you successfully proved that you know little-to-nothing about the actual situation or context . 
  i was wondering when there would be a polandball-europe crossover, 
  i 'm not a russian government spokesman . 
  the point i 'm trying to make is n't the fact that there are russians in crimea , but the general notion that if a large minority in a country ( as a whole ) makes the majority of the region , and does n't feel itself as part of the host country 's society , then i believe they have the right to not be part of that state politically either . 
  op believes that the scottish referendum is `` civilized '' whereas the crimean one was `` anti-civilized '' . 
  think of the general themes behind the comparison , not the specific cases . 
  the crimean one was `` anti-civilized '' because the host country refused to allow the region with a majority demographic which is otherwise a minority in the whole state - a referendum . 
  in the `` civilized '' case , this opportunity was granted rather than denied by the host state . 
  so op is not making a fair comparison , a lousy one at best . 
  if that 's all you think it 's about , then that 's pretty bad . 
  look at a demographic map of crimea as a start . 
   also , it 's worth remembering that the host country is not compelled to accept a proposed vote for regional independence . 
  spain has been refusing basque applications for a independence vote for years . 
  true , but then op would have no credibility in labeling one process `` civilized '' while the other the opposite . 
  i do n't think it 's a `` civilized '' thing to force a significant ( in numbers ) minority to be part of a state it has simply never felt being part of . 
  it 's barbaric if anything . 
  the problem with this comparison is that the crimean case is being presented as something in which the national ukrainian government was helpful . 
  the truth of the matter is that the rada did n't allow any actual referendum to be held , except for one in 1994 - which were then labeled as rigged . 
  basically , the national ukrainian entities did n't allow a crimean referendum , whereas westminster did . 
  i 'm sure that if the rada allowed a fair referendum , the crimean crisis would 've been solved without a russian invasion ( i am not , however , saying that it would 've prevented a later russian invasion of the donbass ) . 
  yeah this was n't a good summer . 
  lots of cold weather and rain . 
  not sure why there are dead fish , but there have been many complaints over it this year . 
  the gods can be unjust !, 
  wait a minute , you 're german !, 
  get back to our balaton , we need the euros !, 
  goddamnit , why 'd i do it now , why 'd i do it now , why 'd i do it now ... 
  not members of nato ? 
  we should have them invade us instead !, 
  edit : master plan, 
  they have almost nothing in common with us in a geographic manner ( mountains vs flat land ) , but our cities are very alike , given our common history . 
  whenever i go to vienna ( i like to pop over at least once every few weeks ) , i think to myself that this is pretty much what budapest would look like if everything would 've went right for us instead of wrong . 
  that 's your choice but do n't expect to write statements like `` in romania there is no separatist movement '' and not be called out . 
   you know what they said ? 
  they are there because the mayor told them so . 
  somehow i have a hard time believing that . 
  this was n't a bread line . 
  people in szeklerland are n't stupid ; when they see hundreds , thousands of szekler flags at a rally , they know what 's going on . 
  you ca n't seriously try to convince the world that `` they did n't know what they were doing , they were just being told to do so . '', 
   because it will be worse for them . 
  they can not live only from tourism there . 
  oh please !, 
  the romanian government already barely invests in the region anyways !, 
  it ca n't get worse for them if they were n't part of romania . 
  look at the context of the region . 
  you see all the pretty buildings in cities like cluj , oradea and brasov ? 
  they were all built by hungarians and germans . 
  that 's because hungary actually cared about the region . 
  regardless what speculation you could throw at the future , the present is a fact and it 's grim . 
  and , once again , it 's fine that the romanian state does n't care about szeklerland because of its ethnic population . 
  but then let szeklerland secede and solve its own problems . 
  if things will really be so bad , then they 'll re-join romania , right ? 
  also , the ultimate proof of the strawman that is the `` they do n't want autonomy '' is this : why has n't there been a referendum offered for szeklerland , if it so badly does n't want autonomy ? 
  why is the romanian government not even willing to hear the question ? 
  why ? 
  they do n't ask for secession because they know that it will never , in a million years , be granted to them by the romanian state . 
  so what 's the next-best thing ? 
  autonomy , and alas even that does n't seem to interest the romanian thing . 
  have you ever actually been to szeklerland ? 
  the people there speak hungarian , a great deal of them only speaking that language . 
  that is their form of preserving their culture and protesting against the institutionalization of the romanian one which has been taking place for a hundred years . 
  ask any of the people in szeklerland what they actually want , they 'll tell you they want to re-join hungary . 
  the only reason autonomy is the aim is that secession is out of the question . 
  the saddest part is that hargita and covasna counties are two really poor counties because the romanian states has no wish to develop infrastructure there . 
  we understand that you do n't care about the people who live there and do n't want to make any big investments , but then why not let szeklerland secede - especially since they do n't feel at home in your state either ? 
  always forget about cornwall . 
  was expecting a '' this scientific study was sponsored by the nigel farage foundation for truth '' sticker somewhere, 
  we recognized kosovo a few years ago , and i fully agree with this declaration . 
  i believe that if an ethnic minority do not feel as part of the country they are in , they have a right to be independent from it . 
  you ca n't force people of different cultures to be part of the mainstream society . 
  i hope kosovo will be precedence for other movements . 
   it was the prospect of ukraine being drawn into the western military alliance that triggered conflict in the first place wut that 's like an 1850s american slaveowner saying , `` yeah i had to whip him to death . 
  why 'd he try to run away ? '', 
   soldier saying they would have been willing to die fighting for mariupol in interview  entire battalion leaves checkpoint when the sound of grad missiles is heard . 
  judges are the highest authority in a courtroom , while generals on the battlefield . 
  the european parliament ... ? 
   winning an election does not imply any sort of competence . 
  you are implying that democracy itself is unreliable . 
  then why should n't every country just toss the notion of democracy on the idea that , `` who cares , they do n't know what they 're doing anyways . '', 
  the eu prides itself on the notion of liberal democracy , yet its parliament is the only one in the world i can name which does n't have the one single power parliaments are supposed to have : initiate legislation . 
  this shows why it will never be taken as seriously and one of the reasons why so few people will vote in ep elections . 
  your last two lines seem like they would favor a dictatorship . 
  in dictatorships , issues like laws are pushed forward much faster . 
  now if we could always just guarantee a benevolent dictator ... 
  the 28 people in the ec are not elected by the people of the european union . 
  being scared of corruption is no excuse for holding the fundamental democratic idea of popular legislation from the people . 
  wave the wand three times for one reform instead : allow the ep to legislate . 
  because lord knows the ec would have a problem with that . 
  a coalition does n't need to differ in policy , it has different requirements to meet than a single party . 
  most noticeable is the 10 % parliamentary threshold it needs to meet ( if the coalition consists of two parties ) , instead of the 5 % for individual parties . 
  seeing as mszp is the successor party to mszmp , it 's not as out-of-the-ballpark as fidesz would be to a fascist party . 
  lmp can criticize everyone so eagerly because it 's a niche party . 
  if they would become more mainstream , they would have to become more moderate in many aspects . 
  we do have a coalition government : fidesz-kdnp . 
  unfortunately fidesz has eaten up all other right-wing moderate parties like mdf and fkgp , so i would n't count on it being superseded by any sometime soon . 
  i find it incredible that somebody would have the audacity to blow up a military base , involve himself with al qaeda and people like bin laden - and then complain about being treated in an inhumane fashion and bring up human rights convention documents .
