  i get why the majority of transylvanians do n't want the hungarian deal , since they 're romanians and that 's fine . 
  but i think the hungarian-majority areas should have the right to be governed by their own people . 
  the romanian national government invests the least into hargita/kovaszna . 
  okay , they can say corruption , poverty etc , but that does n't mean the natural resources of the area can be tapped into and ignore the counties nonetheless . 
  if it 's such a hassle for the government , then that should make the case of autonomy - or even becoming a hungarian exclave - all the more attractive to the romanian government itself , no ? 
   as primitive as the acusation that we 're changing our constitution just to fuck with them as you said in two different points , rmdsz have influence in politics when it comes to coalition . 
  while the redistricting may not be to fuck with the hungarian community as a whole , there 's definitely incentive in it to curb exactly that power . 
  it 's understandable from the romanian parties ' point of view , since they no longer want to keep making the blatant autonomy bribe/lie as you said . 
   transylvania was never yours this is a road i really do n't want to go down in this thread , since we 're way past the point of who 's was what and when etc when it comes to transylvania . 
  as far as rmdsz goes , hungarians know that it 's a party which has communist roots . 
  i personally have little respect for them , especially tokes : he was awesome at the time of the revolution , then embarrassed everyone with his private endeavors . 
  but the problem is that hungarians want to be represented , but there 's always the fear that , if multiple parties represent the same group , then in the end nobody will get since the votes will be spread too thin . 
  basically , it 's an uncomfortable monopoly . 
   actually having an autonomous region would be catastrophic for rmdsz if hargita/kovaszna get autonomy , nobody will care what happens to rmdsz , since then more parties will be willing to appear without feeling it too risky for the reason mentioned above . 
  rmdsz disappearing off the face of the earth is something transylvanian hungarians have no qualms about if they get autonomy . 
  it 's a leftist party that only receives support because hungarians know that , since there are already few of them , voting in too many different directions will risk underrepresentation . 
   you still have n't mentioned why you think the opposition leaders in you country deserve jail time . 
  true , after all that 's what this thread began with . 
  gyurcsany and bajnai sold the country off in their eight ( if you count medggyesy ) years of socialist misrule . 
  in the name of `` privatization '' , beautiful and historically-significant properties were sold off to ukrainian/russian/iranian mafiosos and they 're basically rotting now . 
  after gyurcsany admitted ( in his tape ) that they did nothing worth mentioned , lied day and not , `` fucked up '' , he did n't have the nads to resign or announce snap elections . 
  bajnai took out unnecessary loans from the imf that took forever to pay back . 
  i 'd be willing to let bajnai come out after 10 years , but gyurcsany ought to get life ( since the eu made hungary abolish the death penalty before joining ) . 
  by the way , by `` bucharestians hate them way more than transylvanians '' do you mean they hate rmdsz or the hungarians ? 
   they do n't have any power now , so the actually do n't loose nothing is that argument not `` primitive '' ? 
  how is the fact that they had 0 power before , so they technically do n't lose anything an appropriate attitude for a country which supposedly let 's a significant minority enjoy more rights than minorities in other countries ? 
   the main purpose of the redistricting is n't to piss of the magyars , nobody really gives a fuck about them same thing here . 
  unfortunately , you have to give a fuck about them because that 's what happens when you take more land than you would 've been justified to take . 
   but the hatred they manifested for over 20 years generated this . 
  i think that it 's fair to say that hungarians were n't the only ones who showed hatred over the past 20 years . 
  both hungarians and romanians sound ridiculous when they say the other side started it . 
  we have a millenium of shared history ; friction arose all the time with both sides `` starting it '' at least once . 
   and because of that the common sense solution ( my prefered option ) of making a region for the magyars is disregarded and only used as political bait for the rmdsz and its supporters . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean here . 
  are you saying it 's just a tool that rmdsz exploit , or that it 's a tool that 's used against parties like rmdsz ? 
   if fidesz wins another round of election , but by a smaller margin ( which currently i do not doubt they will ) they wo n't remain as passive . 
  that 's exactly the kind of speculation that 's incredibly dangerous in politics . 
  you ca n't just go around , saying such brutal things may happen . 
   why ? 
  have they done serious crimes , or where they just corrupt and indifferent to the people , in which case i assure you that all politicians are guilty of that , but the media spotlight is just directed by the people in power . 
  no , they have n't done serious crimes ( by `` they '' i mean the activists ; i would love seeing gyurcsany and bajnai behind bars ) . 
  however , once again , you 're speculating opposers of the government will be imprisoned etc. 
  i do n't know who king stefan is ; maybe you meant king stephen . 
  however , it 's not hungary who 's currently in the process of redistricting entire regions of the country just to dissect the power of ethnic minorities . 
  if your worried about nationalist policies , start with protesting that . 
   the argument 4oo mouths costs more than 200 is primitive and populist i 'm not sure you know what populism means . 
  but yes , it 's primitive because , in it 's current state , the hungarian parliament is primitive . 
  mps walk in and out as they please , read blikk instead of paying attention to potentially state-altering topics , and charge the podium with stupid signs whenever something is happening that they do n't approve of . 
  so yes , it 's primitive . 
  it 's primitive , but fitting . 
   look after the election of to how many people actually voted for them and rethink my `` rape '' metaphor . 
  okay , i 'm going to address this now so that people whining about the next election will shut up and vote against fidesz if they want them out of power . 
  believe it or not , fidesz is still the most popular party in the country . 
  month after month , year after year since 2010 , none of the other parties come remotely close to fidesz in polls , regardless which source is used ( median , szazadveg , nezopont , ipsos etc ) . 
  to my knowledge , the leftist unity coalition is launching candidates in every single one of the individual voting district . 
  this means that they can achieve victory by plurality in 106 out of the 106 districts . 
  jobbik is also launching candidates in every district . 
  i 'm not sure about lmp . 
  the point is that , if the people will it , then fidesz will be voted out of power . 
  you ca n't just claim that an election is rigged just because the party you do n't like is ( relatively speaking ) the most popular . 
  i hate fidesz , but the argument saying that the elections will be rigged is ridiculous . 
  finally ,  opposers of the goverment will be accused of lack of patriotism and silenced is this a serious statement ? 
  not a single day goes by without 50-100 people gathering somewhere in budapest to protest something the government is doing . 
  about once a month , the entire leftist coalition sponsors a protest with a few thousand people ( ~ 20,000 was the largest one to my knowledge ) . 
  leftist papers inside and outside the country are hammering the government . 
  none of the leftist activist or politicians have been imprisoned ( to the despair of many hungarians ) . 
  yes , fidesz is full of incompetent fools , but they are a democratically elected government who can be democratically disposed of this year , should the people will it . 
  and if they are n't , then stop being a sore loser and acknowledge that still more people prefer fidesz than any other party . 
  one thousand year-old kingdom aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it 's gone :d, 
  careful , this was once said in 2002 , 
  he 's officially centre-right but estimates go all over the place . 
  he has a very `` eccentric '' personality . 
  personally , i actually think he exhibits policies characteristic of left-wing parties in the past , except for his apparent religious devotion . 
  i would n't call him `` hardcore '' in either direction , but instead the case for him being leftist at heart seems very viable . 
  this is important `` now '' for no other reason than me randomly coming across it when typing the word `` hungary '' into the search bar on liveleak . 
  there is no propaganda here , it 's a video of an event with which i simply draw a comparison with what 's currently happening in ukraine . 
  i 'm not a fan of fidesz , but i 'll address a point you made :  seats slashed by almost half the hungarian national assembly currently has almost 400 members . 
  we 're talking about a country with a population of 10 million . 
  the us has 535 altogether ( house of reps + senate ) , so the amount of representatives hungary has is disproportionately high . 
  in my personal opinion , the national assembly rarely did anything useful in the past 20 years , so why have 400 instead of 200 ? 
  all that most of them ever did was just collect paychecks . 
  we do n't need that many freeloaders ; 200 will be enough . 
   it 's going to be basically a rape of democracy ca n't agree with you here . 
  the people of hungary will be able to get rid of fidesz , should they choose so by voting them out of office . 
  these elections will be free and fair , as were those in 2002 and 2006 ( even though fidesz was crying wolf that time ) . 
  there are at least five major parties running to become ruling parties , so i simply do n't see what you 're talking about . 
  in a `` rape of democracy '' there would only be one name on the ballot . 
  sorry , if you 're looking for a right-wing propaganda conspiracy , you 'll have to look elsewhere , 
  it was part of a display , as ` snort ' mentioned . 
  however , if the `` sources '' of the event are correct , only the engine and transmission actually worked on the tank . 
  the turret did n't work and obviously anything that had to do with combat ( ammunition , ammo rack etc ) was already removed :d, 
   `` i read somewhere in another read that romania is named after the romani people , which is a name derived from the term ` citizen of rome ' . '', 
  i would n't know where to begin the correcting of this statement, 
  `` yay '' - hungarians, 
  that 's incredible . 
  seems like the riot police are doing their job half-heartedly . 
  this might end up being a romanian revolution-like situation in which the police and military ( should it be called in ) changes sides and wins the `` battle '' . 
  schengen ( not eu , but still ) woooooohooo drove from hungary to poland , having to give no fucks at the borders . 
  or so that 's what i thought . 
  the hungarian-slovak border crossing was abandoned , which was awesome .
