  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3logg3_jndw ), 
  i 'm not pro-life but i find the `` draconian '' in the title to be ironic . 
  if you think about it , it 's exactly life which the laws protect . 
  whereas pro-choice activists are pleading for something which destroys life . 
  how was i acting smug ? 
  i posted a single question which i hoped to be answered . 
  hadok immediately drew the conclusion that i automatically assumed all russian speakers are pro-russian , which is n't the case . 
  i can already see your ilk ca n't provide an answer to a simple question you clearly know nothing about , so - please - you go fuck yourself you little five year-old twat . 
  that was n't my question . 
  are the anti-maidan protesters ethnic russians or ukrainians ? 
  britain gets 50 % of hungary . 
  aaaaaaaaaand they 're gone . 
  yes , they should get another stalin . 
  remind then what the `` good ol' days '' were really like ... 
  we had a similar party called the [ two-tailed dog party ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_two-tailed_dog_party ) during the 2010 elections . 
  funny bunch , they are . 
  ** hungary ** bosnia-herzegovina : cheap minivan trips . 
  croatia : we like them montenegro : do n't know much about them . 
  things get heavy when we face them in water polo ; that 's about it . 
  slovenia : do n't know much about them . 
  we think they do n't like us for some reason or event which we ca n't remember . 
  serbia : uncivilized balkanites who kill hungarians for speaking hungarian and terrorized croats in the 90s . 
  how does the imf compile this list ? 
  neither poland nor hungary are included , while the czech republic and slovakia are ? 
  i do n't know about this ... 
  hungary and poland should cooperate more closely . 
  i 'm not saying they do n't already , but this friendship should be furthered, 
  `` de\u00e1k '' does n't translate to student ( `` di\u00e1k '' ) . 
  it 's just the guy 's last name anyways , our names are n't as funny as the prague one : /, 
  my biggest fear is the fact that , even with a common currency , each individual state is allowed to follow its own fiscal policy as long as its in the vague set of rules the ecb set up and changes once every now and then . 
  if the eurozone countries are happy with their currency , then great !, 
  i , on the other hand , would rather have a situation in which a country controls its own currency flow . 
  even though every american state utilizes the dollar , the rules and procedures of its circulation come from a single point ( the federal reserve ) . 
  you just do n't get that with the euro . 
  when things are good , the euro is most definitely beneficial . 
  it eliminates the need to convert when investing in products of other states ( which matters for both private citizens and conglomerates ) . 
  it enhances the notion of the single market and , indirectly , brings the states closer together . 
  i 'm not a eurofederalist , but i do think that common currencies can only survive through the years if they are properly coordinated by a single force which dictates the rules all members have to follow . 
  my problem with the euro is n't the idea of it , but rather the fact that individual states could still deviate from the fiscal policies of other states . 
  that 's when you get a greek-type situation . 
  haha , after so long , still protecting europe from kebab , eh ? 
  i 'm not british , so i ca n't comment on the effects of such an outcome . 
  i will , however , say this : i think a ukip-led british delegation in the ep would be hilarious to the point where people would actually start watching the plenary sessions just to hear them speak :d, 
  whoops sorry bout that . 
  i confused myself ; it used to be pannon gsm in hungary ( which is hungarian ) which was bought out by telenor . 
  hmm , this does n't seem right . 
  we alone should be occupying the first three positions . 
  we 've got a great one for this . 
  `` puszi '' is a hungarian term used to mean `` kisses '' of some sorts when you 're saying your byes to someone in person , or on the phone . 
  i think the french do the same with the word `` bizu '' , or i could have it wrong . 
  anyways , it 's just a way to say kisses/hugs and kisses / xoxo ( without looking like tools ) . 
  often the word is actually followed by kisses on the cheek . 
  the problem is the hungarian `` sz '' translates to the english `` s '' ( in contrast to languages like polish where `` sz '' would translate to `` sh '' in english , i think ) . 
  so hungarians learned to not say their byes like that in foreign environments - especially english-speaking regions - because it looks weird to the locals when a hungarian talks on the phone , then hangs up like , `` sdjnakdjfalkjf adsklak paprika flakdjg fdafrla pussy pussy pussy ! '', 
  we have three large carriers : telenor ( hungarian ) , t-mobile and vodafone . 
  there is also tesco mobile , but that 's usually used by students who are only here for a few months and need a line without contracts . 
  4g lte entered hungary either last year or two years ago . 
  it 's efficient in the cities , but spotty at best in the countryside . 
  3g is in cities and towns , but gets spotty in villages and does n't exist outside of them , just like 4g and 4g lte . 
  if you 're in the middle of nowhere in hungary , you might not even have normal signal , let alone data . 
  i do n't know if each of the large carriers targets a certain demographics , but i doubt it since i know people of similar backgrounds who use different ones . 
  i will say this , however : from what i 've been seeing , for a decade now , is that vodafone is the priciest . 
  i 've used them for a bit , and it had the crappiest coverage around the country ; could really only count on data within city/town limits . 
  as far as phone types go , i 'd say iphones are by far the most popular ; practically every second teenager 's phone is an iphone . 
  i 'm a windows phone kind of guy , but i see why the apple product appeals to so many people . 
  not enough to impress me though :d edit : telenor is norwegian !, 
  the problem here is that the judges are pretentious assholes who acquired no international fame whatsoever , but were big in hungary at one point or another so they think they are the overlords of musical talent . 
  and they tend to nominate shit artists . 
  this is the first year when i have remotely put faith in the hungarian contestant . 
  but the people choose the final victor , so ... 
  in hungary we have a britain 's got talent-type situation in that the judges filter contestants , starting with the first round and going all the way into the finals . 
  however , the winner of the final is determined by the viewing population by sending texts in favor of those who they want to see win . 
  kind of like how the esc final is set up . 
  or i could be wrong , who knows ... 
   excuse me , but i think this is n't at all a topic of 21st century europe , you do n't get out much , do you ? 
  flair up !, 
  yes , which is why i 'm not sure why the author is trying to go about explaining putin 's operation from a constitutional point of view . 
  there is no preceding event to make us think the russian constitution will have any effect on this whatsoever . 
  i equate `` european '' history beginning with the carolingian empire . 
  so : 1 ) christopher columbus 2 ) karl marx 3 ) charlemagne 4 ) adam smith 5 ) the hitler/stalin/churchill trio ( sorry , could n't separate - i know it 's a cop-out ), 
   this is the time for `` europe '' to come together , but we are not . 
  and the reason is nationalism . 
  i agree in the sense that it has to do with nationalism , but not just blind `` my flag over everyone else 's flag '' - type nationalism . 
  a lot of nations feel that they have been cheated by what would be the leading nations of this `` coming together '' . 
  it 's not just about far-right groups today . 
  there 's millennia of history in which smaller nations were oppressed by larger ones , which leads to paranoia today and not wrongfully . 
  the russian constitution is highly irrelevant . 
  let 's face it : if russia 's constitution would say , `` no man named vladimir vladimirovich putin could ever violate the territorial integrity of another state , on penalty of death '' he would still do it because russian politics are a joke and rule of law does n't exist . 
  if they wish to be recognized as their own state , then they should have the right to . 
  they should n't be forced to be part of a state ( or union in this case ) if they feel that their differences/interests outnumber/outdistance their similarities with the dominant population of the union . 
  yes it 's very likely that poland trained ukrainian extremists to take over ukraine . 
  it is of the greatest polish interests to have russian neighbors again . 
  it worked out so well the last time . 
  it 's also in the greatest of polish interests to have ukraine not join the eu over russia . 
  after all , the polish ukrainian community would love to live in russia again . 
  sounds right ever so reasonable . 
  i thought it 's illegal to acknowledge their existence in turkey :d, 
  i think it 's important to highlight the context of eu-us relations . 
  last time the us was like , `` fuck off , yurop , it 's not my problem , '' the second world war happened . 
  yes the world loves to go like , `` usa blows this , usa sucks that ... '' but it most likely would 've been an even more horrific place right now , had the us not bothered - of course this is hypothetical .
