  but there was a line at the polish-slovak border , and it took two hours to get across . 
  apparently there was a warrant out for slovak smugglers or human traffickers , so they were stopping everyone ( even though my car had hungarian plates ) . 
  then again , we met a guy there who came out of his car for a cig who was polish and said the poles like to stop people at the slovak border as a form a backlash for slovak cops , who apparently like to scout out cars and buses with polish plates and give them hefty fines . 
  but anyways , schengen is the way to go !, 
  the eu `` sucks '' now because , starting 2004 , it began integrating countries which were economically and socially not yet ready for the `` european experience '' . 
  i see you are serbian . 
  serbia is said to be a hopeful addition by 2020 , which in itself is good . 
  one piece of advice : settle all of your scores before you join . 
  get your state debt and budget deficit under control , otherwise the eu will pressure you to `` accept '' loans from the imf , because germany ( the sole economic powerhouse of the eu - sorry france ) can only handle so many failing economies at a time . 
  avoid joining the eu while your economy ca n't handle the western market oriented conditions . 
  also , settle your socio-political issues . 
  i 'm primarily talking about kosovo , of course . 
  either give it independence or reabsorb it completely to the point where its status as part of serbia ca n't be questioned ( not trying to be a dick , just putting it into the perspective of a serb ) . 
  second , the hungarian and romanian minorities . 
  hungarians are still beaten/killed in parts of voivodina . 
  anyways , the eu sucks now because it bit off more than it could chew by the addition of poland , the czech republic , slovakia , hungary and the baltic states in 2004 . 
  it only got worse after romania and bulgaria joined in 2007 , since more indebted countries came in with little currency to put in the pot ( though at least romania 's debt was n't too bad , somewhere around 30 % of the gdp i think ) . 
  the point is that money is a limited resource and it 's beginning to be spread too thin since only a few economies in the eu are excelling . 
  wow , what a lovely idea , kenny !, 
  why did n't i think of that before ? 
  after all , everyone knows that when you stop executing people , rapists and murderers will stop raping and murdering people !, 
  that 's how the world works . 
  look at the eu : no death penalty , and how safe those cities are !, 
  of course , of course !, 
  hearing the music of the first twenty seconds , i was under the impression that it will suddenly change to speed metal :d, 
  typical left-wing propaganda : everything is great , integration is perfect , screw right-wing neo-nazis . 
  xenophobia has recently been added to the list of words people like to use when they want to win a sociopolitical argument without wanting to hear any counters . 
  they automatically want to establish themselves as the moral authority by using this word . 
  well , let 's see the numbers . 
  buy a bolt action rifle ( as it can house rounds with the stopping power that can virtually guarantee instant death ) - $ 300 buy five brass rounds for 5 $ . 
  execute rapist/murderer . 
  execute next rapist/murderer . 
  repeat as needed . 
  re-use the rifle virtually countless times , as needed . 
  yupp , seems like the firing squad might be a more logical choice than a ridiculously expensive drug which may or may not kill you instantly . 
  more like the eurozone crisis experience shows what can happen when separate , individual , sovereign states try to employ the same currency while running different monetary policies . 
  hmm , i do n't know if i would stand behind the idea that europe is in general centre-right . 
  it 's interesting to see that you 're leaning to the left , since in my country ( hungary ) it 's exactly that side which argues for a supranational eu . 
  i do share your worries about being `` forgotten '' , should the eu go all-out federal and supranational . 
  so ... basically as it is now . 
  welp , we are quite past that period . 
  interesting thought . 
  however , if the ep were to have ultimate legislative power over the national governments , what could be set up to avoid a `` tyranny of the majority '' - type situation , based on regions ( e.g. 
  western europeans not giving a damn about southern europeans , countries wanting to bail on future greek recovery efforts , etc ) ? 
  hungary ... is a potato hahah ever-so creative, 
  i would n't say the uk is a racist country . 
  it 's basically dealing with the same issue almost all western european countries are dealing with : a declining autochton ( native-born ) birth rate `` balanced '' by an increasing immigrant population , many of whom are n't european or from a `` western '' culture . 
  on one hand , it 's never a good idea to be closed-minded , but on the other hand there really have been flares of crime waves since immigrants ( notably sub-saharan muslims ) began to make a significant impact on the demographics . 
  i get why one might be inclined to label the country racist , but i stand by the doctrine that it is the immigrant who has to make the first steps towards acceptance - does n't have to be assimilation , but definitely integration . 
  if the immigrant is n't willing to acknowledge that , then there will definitely be problems - hence today 's uk situation . 
  * quietly slithers out of room *, 
  how is [ er\u0151s pista ] ( http://www.tutiabc.hu/images/termekek/large/eros_pista_200g.jpg ) not no. 1 ? 
  who is not pulling their weight ?? 
  yeah , that seems right . 
  most people acknowledge the fact that russia is by no means democratic , but to say that it is even less so than belarus seems like a stretch . 
  it 's kind of sad how russia is lower than belarus . 
  in belarus , they do n't even pretend democracy ; what the hell is going on in russia ? 
  stolichnaya became more expensive, 
  cappucino costs 3 euros ????? 
  millions will die for this !, 
   6201 not the first place we deserved , but the first place we needed :d, 
  like it 's a question : [ sealand ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principality_of_sealand ) . 
  ca n't think of a single place with more right to be european capital . 
  the uk at least declared war on you . 
  unfortunately for icelanders , the british mistook their flag for your 's, 
  woah , bulgaria has n't been occupied since 1908 ? 
  til, 
  you guys are economically never going to catch up . 
  internet speed is not the decisive factor here . 
  it 's easier to go up from shit than it is from a mediocre state . 
  hungary is advancing economically faster than the eu28 average in most indicators , but we know that 's because we 're quite far behind the west . 
  and you guys are far enough behind us , as you almost always have been , as is natural . 
  if you want to see your advances , come here to budapest and see how many beggars on the street speak romanian . 
  does n't sound like something people would do if their state was doing better . 
  as for politics , you guys are making news because your corruption levels were so absolutely horrendous that it 's a miracle that anything is done . 
  orban is just an episode for us ; for you , corruption is chronically entrenched . 
  you guys are doing alright for a balkan state , but stay in your tier with the rest of the balkans . 
  overreaching is never healthy . 
  not all of them , 
   it found that out of 352 members of the technical working group , 183 are either employed by the energy companies that are being regulated or by lobby groups that represent those companies . 
  seems like a solid idea to me . 
  why keep this logic only in the civil sphere ? 
  we could just have convicted murderers decide on how many years in prison homicide should warrant . 
  they have more experience in the field than anyone i know . 
  sharia law = statutes and practices condoned by koran and sunnah if you view them as more important than secular laws , then yes , you follow sharia law first . 
  there 's no difference between sharia and the koran/sunnah . 
  the term `` sharia '' does n't mean you are a terrorist who cuts people 's head off , but it does mean that you follow the koran and sunnah ( which means `` path to follow '' i think ) . 
  so many people think sharia is a new , exclusive term meaning you want women to wear burqas . 
  in reality , half of it is the koran . 
  therefore , yes it collides with secular laws and it 's nice that one 's muslim , but if they follow the koran over secular laws , then yes they advocate for sharia . 
   it mentions the laws of the koran . 
  the koran and the sunnah are the foundation of sharia law . 
  cooperation : figuring out how your enemy 's stuff works ahead of time . 
  times really are changing . 
  the germans learned to conquer europe through money ; the danes learned to pretend friendship with the swedes , until the right moment ... 
  money . 
  not all of europe needs russian gas . 
  i ca n't speak for the continent but here , it 's just cheaper to get russian gas than from anywhere else . 
  we are however expanding our nuclear plant by 33 % capacity ( ca n't remember if that 's the right number but i 'm too lazy to look it up ) . 
  when it comes to most ex-warsaw pact states , think about it this way .
