  tl ; dr nobody has been hurt since fidesz came to power in 2010 because of anti-government protests . 
  under the socialists , the use of israeli water cannons and rubber bullets ( which blinded someone in 2006 ) against protesters was common . 
   you can not help but wonder about the apathy most seem to have , like you , regarding fidesz and jobbik and the accumulative changes they brought about in hungarian institutions and policy . 
  this always makes me think of that churchill quote : `` it has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried . '' so this half-monster is better than the other monsters . 
  jobbik is out of the question and the previously-ruling socialists are not far behind jobbik in the amount of damage they did to hungary . 
  so out of all of these options , fidesz is most commonly-chosen since most will vote for a small party . 
  the whole `` consolidating his own power '' thing is an excuse of the opposition in hungary . 
  i hate the man , but i find it pathetic when people who claim to understand hungarian socio-political matters ( thus not you lol ) do n't accept the fact that the country 's leader is also by miles the most popular politician in the country . 
  he does n't need to consolidate power because he 's already by far the most popular politician , and his party is twice as popular as the 2nd place party , jobbik . 
  that said , i do think there was gerrymandering before the previous elections , but if that 's a sign of authoritarian democracy , then boy do i have bad news for countries like the us and uk ... 
  well , seeing as this type of speech has been said by him for four years now , and i feel no more threatened walking down the streets of budapest now than before , odds are i 'm correct . 
  for anyone wondering - and seeing as this is the third post on r/europe about this statement today - it 's just rhetoric to pull voters back from the far-right . 
  the appearance of jobbik helped him at first , because it allowed fidesz to remain viewed as centre-right by political society . 
  but he underestimated jobbik 's growth , and the far-right party is now the second-most popular party in the country . 
  fidesz voters who believe orban is not doing things well enough will die before they switch to the left , so they turn to jobbik . 
  orban now has to say some semi-hardcore shit to get those voters back , because otherwise his favorite frenemies , the socialists , will no longer be the most significant challengers in 2018 . 
  it will be jobbik instead , and say what you will about that party , its ability to mobilize is so scary that it makes even orban leave a lump in the back of his trousers . 
  there 's probably no way i can say this without sounding like a scumbag , so i 'll just say it : could you post articles/news in english . 
  everyone on here seems to at least understand english , but a large part of this subreddit 's community ( myself included ) is cut off from this information because it is in german . 
  compiled charts like these are the reason i come on this subreddit so often, 
  i would n't say this community is specifically anti-serb . 
  everybody in the region had been getting bombarded with negative attention/comments . 
  the only posts you get about hungary is how antisemitism is on the rise , even though not a single jewish person was killed , or even assaulted , in hungary since the war . 
  meanwhile in france and the uk ... romanians and bulgarians are getting bad press for eu/free movement . 
  anyways , i would n't make it out to be personal . 
  though the yugoslav wars have a resounding impact of our ( most eu states ) image of the ex-yugoslav region . 
  that 'll probably change over time , especially if the next milosevic appears in the uk or sweden . 
  but that notion is contradicted by the idea that serbia absorbed land populated by hungarians . 
  how could they wish to free their brethren from the shackles of foreign oppression , while becoming foreign oppressors of other people ? 
  in our defense , austria-hungary 's superpower was the ability to underfund and undertrain its military , while lacking cohesion in its forces altogether . 
  germany really should 've known better than to pick the side with austria-hungary on it . 
  even if not that , they ought to have learned the notion of avoiding lame allies by the second world war ; then came italy ... 
  [ semi-relevant thread ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/neutralpolitics/comments/1ckg8t/is_the_saying_one_mans_terrorist_is_another_mans/ ), 
  i do n't know how much consolation this can be , but we 're hosting the 2014 waterpolo european championships - which the netherlands is taking part in - and every match started with a 1-minute silence for two days to honor the dead of the crash . 
  i do n't think this statue should be built , but i love how none of the hundreds of articles covering this now ever mention how many people actually protest . 
  i 've been to see them once , and there were maybe 20-25 protesters there . 
  in a city of 2 million , and a country of a little less than 10 million , that 's almost nothing . 
  this statue is actually less divisive of an issue than the media loves to think . 
  the truth of the matter is that the vast majority of hungarians simply do n't give a damn about it being built or not . 
  this article is actually a perfect example of how capable many media sources are of misleading readers / misrepresenting situations . 
  no offense , but 25 people protesting while the ever-so-criticised government scores consistently as the most popular party , shows that the majority of hungarians do n't share the opinion that pieces like this would love the world to believe . 
  just thought i should clear the air before people would assume that everyone is up in arms in hungary about this matter . 
  i do n't think any europeans are `` simply racist towards '' them . 
  many people have bad experiences with them . 
  eastern europeans deal with them every day , while western europeans are becoming more and more exposed to their presence . 
  that should defuse the situation . 
  and you know that based on ... ? 
  we do n't know what a romney administration would or would n't have done . 
  we do know what the obama administration has done : absolutely nothing . 
  romney is being blasted for obama 's failure ? 
  i do n't remember many people preaching how things would 've been the same in iraq if kerry won in 2004 ... 
  this prejudice somehow only comes up against republican candidates/officeholders . 
  why is that ? 
   romney has no tact for diplomacy ; obama , his advisers and other western leaders do seeing as large parts of ukraine are/have been absorbed by the russian federation , i 'd say obama 's `` tact for diplomacy '' either failed or never actually existed . 
  this is worse than romney 's , seeing as his `` tact '' was never tested . 
  there was no collaboration . 
  however , obama believed ( or so at least preached ) that russia put its imperialist past behind and the two countries should give it a new shot at working together - a real 21st century idea . 
  and now russians are in ukraine . 
  literally no matter how you slice it , obama was 100 % wrong about russia . 
  there can be no arguing this point . 
  well , let 's see how right his opponent , barack obama , was about russia . 
  the us should build a new friendship with russia , russia is a changed state , the cold war is over . 
  that neuer face though, 
  til only 9 out of 10 french people actually speak french . 
  `` and you 're never gon na get it back . '', 
  welp , you got it `` back '' after 900 years . 
  we can wait . 
  you 're kidding me , i hope . 
  you never existed as a proper european state before 1918 and we are the ones who disappeared ? 
  pffff hahahhahaha edit : also , if we 're speaking about bloodlines , you have nothing to do with your so-called ancestor dacians . 
  you are cumans and turks who needed to create a history since everyone knows you do n't actually have one . 
  920 years of european history disagree with you . 
  did western media not exist 8 years ago ? 
  by your `` logic '' , why are second world war comparisons still constantly coming up in european relations today - since they happened 70 years ago ? 
  do n't demean my post when you not only put nothing informative forward , but actually attempt to drain logic out of this sub-reddit . 
  our football team is less-than-laughable . 
  they get audis for doing nothing on a football pitch for 90 minutes , then crying in the post-match interview about how tough it was . 
  til amsterdam is no longer viewed as europe 's cannabis capital . 
  the [ t\u00far\u00f3 rudi ] ( http://www.budapestagent.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/turo-rudi.jpg ) . 
  it 's somekind of cottage cheese covered in a layer of chocolate . 
  it 's amazing stuff , but i 've only seen it in hungarian delicatessents abroad . 
   i do n't know why i had such a poor opinion of romania before visiting . 
  i was expecting it be more like the balkans and less like eastern europe . 
  that 's because most of the areas you fell in love with were culturally/historically not romanian . 
  they were hungarian/german . 
  that 's why they seemed like europe . 
  the real romanian regions ( wallachia/moldavia ) are pure balkan . 
  it 'd be a short world cup for them, 
  all applicable , except the hatred for slovenes ; they were never really a group we had much to do with . 
  my life does n't revolve around the planting , harvesting , cooking , and consuming of paprika : /, 
  my life does n't revolve around the planting , harvesting , cooking , and consuming of paprika : /, 
  the benes decrees are a disgusting view of the eu 's reality . 
  they are clear , obvious signs of open discrimination , yet the ecj did not strike it down , nor was it openly addressed - let alone condemned - by the commission or parliament . 
  so long as laws like that are allowed to persist in the eu , the continent will not be able to properly move on towards a bright future . 
  the statement `` romania is growing more and more isolated in a circle of russian friendly states . . '' makes it sound like romania is absolutely pro-west and anti-russian , while in reality that has never been the case , and is not the case now . 
  do n't you just love these speculative articles which try to tell us what the world could look like 20 years from now ? 
  could someone translate the pre-execution speech ? 
  i understood `` kiev , junta , turchynov , traitor '' but i 'm curious to what the whole speech was . 
  hear , hear !,
