  and when the hungarian authorities would be ready to crack down on them , the eu steps in and either tells them to be more `` tolerant '' or wait until the eu figures something out for them and just forgets about the case . 
  nice . 
  i think the only people who could surpass him and get the award are kony and kim jung un . 
  ** hungary ** not necessarily all anti-eu , but more euroskeptic than the average . 
  for several years now , jobbik ( right-wing political party ) claimed the eu to be the same exact thing as the ussr , the only difference being that it 's to hungary 's west this time . 
  jobbik has about 13 % electoral support according to the most recent polls . 
  what is ironic is that they encourage improving the relationship of hungary and russia - the key component of the ussr . 
  the governing party also tends to toss euroskeptic ideas around once every now and then just to amass popular support through strong rhetoric . 
  it was strongest in 2011-12 but has dwindled since then . 
  i 'd say that , for the hungarian people themselves , their biggest problem with the eu is that it forces hungary to take care of hundreds ( sometimes thousands ) of refugees from countries which were colonies of western european states at one point . 
  hungarians never colonized africa , asia or the americas , so they have no sympathy for the problems of the western european states regarding the massive influx of immigrants from those ex-colonies . 
  however , because of the eu 's freedom of movement idea , it becomes a problem once every now and then . 
  i 'd say euroskepticism in hungary was strongest in 2012 , but has somewhat decreased since . 
  especially since the ukrainian crisis erupted ; it would be awkward to not choose the eu over russia at that point :d, 
  i believe that should be tatar ... 
   has n't the us and the soviet union countries broken up theirs , by putting nato bases in those countries ? 
  which country are you talking about ? 
  nato does n't have any bases in ukraine . 
  the russian sevastopol base has been granted operational rights before the budapest memorandum , so it 's still legitimate for another thirty years . 
   a dictator does n't own the people 's land , nor does he own their lives , so it is it fair for that dictator to make decisions like that ? 
  these situations have to be taken case by case . 
  technically there never was a ukrainian state , since it was always part of whichever form russia went by . 
  does that mean russia should be allowed to claim that again ? 
  i do agree that if an ethnic group , which does not coincide with the ethnic majority of a country , is the majority in a specific area , it should be allowed self-determination . 
  otherwise it 's really a passive form of oppression . 
  as far as crimea goes , it would be just about as independent as bashkortostan . 
  if would be engulfed by russia pretty much the day after independence ( as it pretty much happened already ) . 
  the problem is that there 's no guarantee that putin will stop at crimea . 
  as the georgian crisis proved , a country which was under the influence of the soviet union before 1990 and has not become a member of nato since then can be overrun by russia without any major risks - aside from the occasional slap on the wrist by the eu . 
  anyways , there 's not solid line for russian-ukrainian ethnic borders in ukraine . 
  yes , one can be made for the majority of areas which are separated , but there are pockets and bubbles of russians living in the western half and ukrainians living in the eastern half . 
  so a partitioning would n't work , since many populations might become newfound minorities in their new states . 
  and these new states may be very hostile towards them . 
  i do n't think people in belarus even know about what 's happening in ukraine . 
  glorious press probably does n't report it . 
   it 's called peace-keeping . 
  russia is not entitled to `` peace-keeping '' . 
  the budapest memorandum did n't entitle it to invade the country for any reason . 
  also , the majority of deaths occured in kiev . 
  russia invaded crimea so that people hundreds of miles to the north calm down ? 
  seems a liiiiitle transparent to me . 
  if peace-keeping were actually the goal , russia would n't mind the un taking over , would it ? 
  you can have all of our players ; lord knows they 're stealing from everyone , getting paid thousands of euros and still blowing cheeks . 
  `` did somebody say ... gas prices ? 
  sounds like they need some democracy ! '', 
  - usa, 
  regardless whoever facilitated the `` conflict '' , its core values remain all the same . 
  even if the west talked it up , it does n't change the fact that a sovereign country was invaded , all while violating the treaty which guarantees the integrity of its territory . 
  i hate it when the media begins deflecting and inches away from the core problem . 
  everybody in russia dies of `` heart attacks '' . 
  they really ought to invest in cardiology clinics . 
  incredible show ... i have to watch that episode again now, 
  hungarian military plenty stronk . 
  [ here 's picture of most recent initiates ] ( http://hungarianspectrum.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/6a00e009865ae588330163003b927c970d.jpg ) . 
  poland military is of stronk now ? 
  wow , two whole seats and the vice pm position ? 
  the generosity ; good thing rmdsz is totally content with everything that 's thrown at it as long as it gets a nice paycheck . 
  it 's not about what 's legal , but what 's implied . 
  when poland joined , there was no provision or even idea that it may acquire post-soviet territory , that territory being ukraine . 
  i think that if poland would try to annex western ukraine , and either the ukrainians or the russians oppose it , then nato would tell poland that it has to defend the region on its own ( unless poland proper is attacked ) until the newly-annexed regions become actually integrated ( 16-20 years i 'd say ) . 
  the problem is flawed from the beginning . 
  ukraine wo n't accept poland just annexing western regions , regardless how good friends they are . 
  it would n't be a win/win since , even though western ukrainians believe they are part of europe , they want independence , not a switch from eastern to western hegemony/annexation . 
  also , even if the region is actually absorbed by poland , i doubt its nato status would immediately change . 
  there 's no precedence for a nato country expanding its borders , thus having expanded nato 's borders as well . 
  negotiations would have to be conducted which tend to last at least a year or two , somehow just long enough for the problem to be sorted out on its own first . 
  if nato would be brought into this question from the beginning , nato would probably be the first one to tell poland to forget the idea ; it would put the whole organization in an uncomfortable position , since poland did n't comprise that region when entering the organization - basically , it was n't `` what they signed up for '' . 
  there are romanian-populated areas to the south-west and hungarian-populated areas on the eastern border . 
  and they are much , much smaller regions and yet even those are out of the question when it comes to trying to annex areas without starting a full-scale war . 
   whoever wins the sky 's wins the war i 'd say that 's true , as long as we 're talking about `` civilized '' or `` semi-civilized '' countries . 
  but look at afghanistan under the soviet invasion . 
  they ruled the skies but it was n't worth a damn since afghan war efforts were decentralized , sporadic . 
  no wonder they called in the `` bear trap '' . 
   ust france and britain combined have bigger spending than russia , add germany to the equation and the three countries spend more than china . 
  true but you forget the # 1 glorious fatherland strategy : just keep throwing large numbers of soldiers at the others . 
  after millions and milions of casualties , the results they hoped for will be achieved :d, 
  nice try , putin :d, 
   specially with the new , local manager who takes stupidity to a new level , tbh i do n't think any upcoming manager will surpass the `` achievements '' of the egervari era . 
  this guy is still a step up from him . 
  what we would need is another meszoly :d, 
  god , it 's so not that simple !, 
  four east-central european states which are to the west of ukraine are nato members . 
  but the eu ca n't just run around screaming bloody murder at putin because then these four states would be doomed . 
  they get most of their energy from russian natural gas imports . 
  the eu leaders have to look at their own situation as well , not just ukraine 's . 
  the majority of eu states have some kind of energy agreement with russia ; the only lucky ones are those with access to the oil/natural gas trapped under the north sea . 
  there is also no unified hierarchical military in europe . 
  the eu has certain `` battlegroups '' most of which are busy fighting small insurgent circles in africa ( their training ground basically ) . 
  it shows that the eu really never thought of a situation in which another war on the continent could erupt , because there have n't been many efforts - especially since the recession - to advance military unification . 
  as far as cameron and the brits go , i like their method : whenever things get too heated in europe , pretend like britain is 20 miles off the coast of the us , not france . 
  i get where the brits are coming from , since europe has been nothing but a pain in their ass for the past century . 
  this is a make-it-or-break-it moment for europe : the eu will either broker some kind of peace between russia and the ukraine , or will fail miserably like it did during the yugoslav crisis which led to the wars . 
  basically , european leaders are n't very vocal about it because there would be too much to lose if they were to support ukraine and , since ukraine is n't a part of the eu , they simply have to prioritize their national interests as well as that of the eu over ukraine . 
  sorry ukrainians : /, 
  this image was brought to you by the glorious foreign ministry of the sov -- russian federation . 
  there should be a reddit pool going over this whole ukraine thing , seeing as how many posts are uploaded by the minute now . 
  here 's a potential rundown with just a few options : usd5/gbp4/eur4 buy-in 2 multiplier on russian forces invading russian regions of ukraine 2.5 multiplier on russia invading the whole of ukraine 4.5 multiplier on nato/eu military action 7 multiplier on ukraine borders being re-drawn 3 multiplier on the situation de-escalating ( meaning the russian forces in crimea advance no further and eventually return to sevastopol base ) 6.5 multiplier on ukraine repelling russian forces independently something along those lines . 
  of course it could be made more interesting by requiring betting on at least two factors ( maybe more ) . 
  since there 's no `` help the ukrainians '' button on our computers , we might as well remind them that they 're in our thoughts the best way the west knows how : gambling, 
  i feel like one factor is being ignored here : there are masses of ukrainians asking for help from the west .
