  it simply has to happen to really sit in with the big boys . 
  wait , we have gripens !, 
  does that mean hungarian air force can into relevance ? 
  `` half of latvia is made up of natural ecosystems that have gone largely untouched . '', 
  the other half is made of russians :d, 
  that 's most likely because britons have little-to-no experience dealing with russian overlords . 
  they think the eu is bad ? 
  had they been situated a few hundred miles to the east , they 'd probably get a good taste of what it 's like having the russians as their friendly neighborhood watch . 
  my grandpa always said , `` i like the british . 
  but goddamn it , they should get a little taste of good ol' communism . '', 
  do n't worry , they 'll make a hell of a statement . 
  they 'll expel another 20 russian diplomats and oligarchs . 
  and when there 'll be no more diplomats or oligarchs , they 'll sent strongly worded letters to putin , each individual eu member state !, 
  imagine the horror of putin having to spend all his day reading these letters !, 
  wow , eu showed them !, 
  hungary about poland : thieves , backstabbers ? 
  i 'm pretty sure poland is the one eastern european country ( and czech republic maybe ) that we have major respect for . 
  round 3 of eu inaction , begin !, 
  because the eu is still not completely supranational in the minds of its citizens . 
  residents of portugal rarely care about what happens exclusively in estonia . 
  and you ca n't expect them to , as all eu states have plenty on their plates at the moment . 
  anyways , if the residents of one member state could vote for candidates of other states , then the larger countries would obviously have an unfair advantage . 
  think about it : 80 million germans . 
  let 's say 50 million can vote . 
  if only half of that 50 million votes for german candidates , then the country 's list is secured . 
  that means the other half could vote in candidates of other countries who they find more appealing , yet the people within the candidate 's state might actually hate him . 
  the germans wo n't have to bear the burden of that candidate . 
  ... the mighty france does n't have another 500 troops to spare ? 
  have the recruitment stations in paris turned into white flag assemblies ? 
  hungary, 
  i actually do n't mind many of orban 's economic policies of the past year , except for the paks upgrade ( which should be treated as treason ) . 
  but this talk about new economic policies and no unemployment is waaaaay to similar to the crap the communists spewed in the 60s-80s . 
  they are concerned about our population decline ? 
  flag next to my name brutha, 
  yes , `` equating '' , because the north atlantic treaty does n't say `` well we 're going to protect these states more than others because they 're important to us . '', 
  nato knew the responsibilities when it admitted new states . 
   but it had nothing to do with a threat of invasion and was a diplomatic row over asking for credentials of an official going to east germany . 
  sounds to me like you 're underestimating the seriousness of the crisis . 
  what started out as a `` diplomatic row '' almost escalated into full-scale conflict . 
  this picture might seem familiar to you : http://hereishistory.com/images/here/2013-02-21-standoff.jpg it was n't a joke . 
  but the point of this thread was to talk about whether nato would stand up for its member states . 
  and , as the picture proves , yes , yes it would . 
   also , checkpoint charlie had nothing to do with an invasion of west germany ... west berlin was politically afilliated with west germany , as there were west german and nato troops within its boundaries . 
  its citizens were west germans . 
  therefore yes , checkpoint charlie did have to do with an invasion of west germany , though the invasion did n't happen . 
  yet it was , behind the cuban crisis , the most intense moment of the cold war . 
  which of those three were nato members when their crises erupted ? 
  they will all die from heart attacks . 
  very unfortunate tendency in russian-dominated areas of the world ; must be something in the soil ? 
  can anyone give a short translation of the message sent in the video ? 
  not line by line , just general . 
  no , but this thread is about the fear that nato would n't protect them . 
  it has to be proven that it would n't , not that it would . 
  so what evidence is there that it would n't back up a member state ? 
  the berlin crisis proved , however , its willingness to act on threat . 
  the us went as far as to face down soviet t-54s at checkpoint charlie for a democratic city surrounded by hostile communist country . 
  i 'd say that 's pretty good evidence . 
  so , again , what evidence is there that nato would n't help ? 
  that 's the point ; it 's been * simulated * meaning never actually carried out . 
  therefore , it is still a better option than the `` let the russians do as they please all the way until they 're knocking on america 's door '' mentality which resulted in the doom of tens of millions of people . 
  none of the examples you mentioned above were nato member states during their respective crises . 
   can you answer my question , how do you think the kremlin could be annihilated without equal consequence to europe ? 
  it 's obviously wishful thinking on my part . 
  but anyways , worse comes to worst , you could employ the first strike theory . 
  as it has never been tested , it has n't been proven wrong . 
   you 're last paragraph shows quite a troubling ignorance to the realities of war which i struggle to understand as you appear to be european , how do you think the kremlin could be annihilated without equal consequence to europe ? 
  tell me again , how much time did you spend in `` the reality of war '' ? 
  do n't tell me i 'm ignorant about something when you highly likely have not an ounce more experience with it than i. 
  also , do n't equate being from a region of the world as ignorant or not , as it belittles others . 
  anyways , once again , ukraine : no , baltic states : yes . 
  the us is n't going to abandon nato member states , as it has n't done so in the past . 
  as far as nato goes , when has the us abandoned any of the member states ? 
  what reason do you have - other than speculation , which is n't reason anyways - that the us would give up now ? 
  the berlin crisis showed that the us will not bow to russia when nato members ( west germany in that case ) are threatened . 
  it probably wo n't come to war anyways . 
  russia knows where nato 's borders end . 
  anything outside of the borders is fair game ; inside , not at all . 
  therefore , worry not baltic states . 
  why is everyone up in arms about nato when it comes to ukraine ? 
  ukraine never was a nato member state , thus there was no obligation for nato . 
  the baltic states are all , however , member states , and an attack against them would be an act of war against all member states , from the us to albania . 
  nato leaders were smart about this situation . 
  not only is ukraine not part of nato , but the majority of crimeans really did want to join russia . 
  i remember going there in the 90s ( place was so broke that we hungarians could go there and pretend to be rich for a week :d ) , way before this escalated , and even then most people still viewed it as part of russia . 
  not only does nato not have a legal obligation to ukraine , it would also be in the moral wrong any way you slice it . 
  if russia would invade the ukrainian-majority lands of central/western ukraine , then the second argument would be null and void . 
  but , in reality , letting this one slip is n't that big of a deal because the majority of crimea ( even with the bogus/illegitimate referendum ) do actually want to join russia . 
  not the most humanitarian move , i know ( imagine what 's going to happen to the ukrainians/tatars who protested against russian annexation ) . 
  however , this does n't give grounds for us , european nato member states , to be shitting our pants . 
  nobody expected the us to go into ukraine and they did n't . 
  the only reason everybody is up in arms about the crimean situation is that the result is n't surprising . 
  personally , i think nato should fast-track what remains of ukraine to member status . 
  then , when ( and if they are so insane ) the russians pull the same crap , annihilate the kremlin as is . 
   well then the hungarian community has nobody to blame but themselves , since they elected them . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  if rmdsz falls , there will be no united hungarian political `` force '' . 
  the romanian politicians know that , which is why they promise things up and down to rmdsz ; that party is a joke , which is why romanian mp 's want to keep it around . 
  they do n't want a successor party which would actually have a pair . 
  as long as rmdsz holds a monopoly over the hungarian community , no other party can take off without threatening what little political stability the hungarian community has . 
  it would be political seppuku for the region .
