  thus , they can only keep voting for rmdsz to protect the little interests they have . 
  because polls would n't make a difference . 
  i lived in szekelyfold for decades , i do n't need polls . 
  would polls encourage the romanian government to grant them autonomy , or god forbid , return to hungary ? 
  also , that `` there are hungarian politicians in the government '' argument is a strawman . 
  look at the positions they got ; they hold no decision-making power . 
  all that happened was that the ruling party needed to form a new coalition so they did the usual crap rmdsz is satisfied with : big paychecks . 
  they did n't promise a single thing to the hungarian community , because they did n't need to ; rmdsz is a corrupt group that 's fine with just being paid well , regardless of the situation of the hungarian community . 
  so their politicians being in the coalition does n't mean anything ; tokes was n't made pm was he ? 
  show me which appointee has any real power . 
  have you spoken to hungarians in szekelyfold ? 
  i lived there for more than enough time and the villages there did n't get a damn concrete road even though they applied years ago . 
  it can only go uphill for them by rejoining hungary . 
  of course the romanian propaganda machine loves to downplay the situation with its usual `` they actually get along ; most hungarians do n't care for autonomy , etc '' . 
  but that is a blatant lie . 
  if the romanian government knows not to be worried about this issue , why does n't it put it to a referendum ? 
  why has n't there been a single referendum about szekelyfold 's status in the past two and a half decades ? 
   the szekely regions are some of the poorest in romania and they rely and budgetary redistribution . 
  that shows how the region has been very mishandled by the centralized unitary state . 
  the szekely regions were n't poor when they were still part of hungary ; i get that the national romanian government would n't want to invest into it remotely as much as other regions . 
  but then why not return it to hungary ( as an exclave ) ? 
  i know we 're past autonomy now , but that 's what would seem most reasonable for everyone to be satisfied , but will obviously never happen . 
  thus , autonomy is the goal . 
  of course it violates the ukrainian constitution . 
  there are very few countries which encourage the development of autonomy or secession . 
  that 's why most of them immediately establish the impossibility of either autonomy or secession in their constitutions . 
  whether it 's legal is a different question from whether it 's ethical . 
  no offense to romanians , but if the hungarian-majority regions ( hargita , kovaszna , half of maros ) would at least be given autonomy , this would n't be happening . 
  nice try putin , 
  so what were the results of the election ? 
  man the barricades !, 
  hold on to what little piece of land we have !, 
  v4 can into power !, 
  so sad to hear about such a beautiful land go to waste, 
  if history can be trusted , then when you get going , you introduce a government far worse than what preceded it :d, 
  you have to wonder though , even with all of this obviously archaic crap , the majority of russians are n't exactly protesting on the streets about putin . 
  shows that we are talking about a group of people who have always submitted to an autocrat , whether it was the czar , general secretary or president . 
  i 'm not trying to insult russians , but if things like these do n't upset them enough to take to the streets , then it shows that they do n't hold the ideas which are inalienable in the west to the same value . 
   yea yea ... ethnic nationalism and ethnic strife is so 19/20th century . 
  get over it . 
  did you seriously just post that on a thread about what 's going on in ukraine ? 
  lmfaoooo, 
  [ my sympathies ] ( http://fc02.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2010/239/d/f/forever_alone_by_foreveraloneplz.png ), 
   wow thats fucked up and extremely selfish oh please , like you have any idea what 's going on there . 
  do n't get all emotional now ; why did n't you tell the ukrainians that what they did ** three ** times is what 's fucked up . 
  they continuously belittled the hungarian community for not being ukrainian nationalists . 
  if i was being selfish i would n't even have put the statement of solidarity towards the ukrainians in their revolution . 
  please do n't act like you know what you are talking about . 
  i do n't want russians ruling the hungarian region . 
  but if ukraine were to break up because it finally realized it was a completely artificial state with little-to-no organic development , and the hungarian-populated transcarpathian regions would return to hungary , i 'd take it . 
  of course if that could all be avoided and the region would be returned , it 'd be the best . 
  once again , please do n't butt in on things you simply do n't understand . 
  horrific . 
  they just wo n't leave even that tiny , tiny bit of population alone . 
  if russia overrunning all of ukraine is the price to be paid for the hungarian , romanian and polish minorities to be left alone in ukraine , then so be it . 
  i feel for the ukrainians as far as the revolution goes , but this is the third monument destroyed ; they need to fuck off . 
  did she invent the cheese danish ? 
  if not , then could you get us an ama with the person who invented the cheese danish ? 
  europe 's number 1 kebab removal service, 
  if you 're willing to go through three days of nonstop edm i recommend either tomorrowland ( belgium ) or umf europe ( croatia ) . 
  if it is a diverse set you want i recommend sziget ( hungary ) . 
  it 's primarily rock/alternative but has a wide spectrum of music n shit . 
  look at that picture . 
  merkel going all `` bitch please '' :d, 
  this party wo n't survive the first year of its existence . 
  they all start out like this . 
  `` yeah we 're gon na fight corruption , fund every good project initiative out there , raise minimum wage by 200 % , etc '' . 
  then reality hits them in the face when they realize that to get even the slightest notice in the public they have to make deals with media companies , and sometimes even other parties . 
  aaaaand there goes their independence and they join the long list of parties which became part of this establishment before them . 
  they care so much about ukraine because they have brains . 
  anyone with memory of what it 's like to be next to russia know that it is a horrific experience . 
  is the article saying that the turnout will be lower than that of 2009 , or just low in general . 
  because our ( hungary ) ep elections in 2004 and 2009 were 38 % and 36 % respectively . 
  they say it 'll be better this time , but with such a pathetically-low number it ca n't be too difficult . 
  to our polish friends , sorry y' all but your gas import prices will likely skyrocket by the end of the year : /, 
  if you actually lived in eastern europe around the time thatcher was in power , her `` fist '' would be made of cotton in your eyes . 
  when you 're in venice ( or any italian city really ) , be cautious about pickpockets . 
  i know that 's basically common knowledge when someone goes to a city outside the states , but italian cities - beautiful as they may be - are notorious for training the best pickpockets in europe . 
  they can pass you by on mopeds ( lol ) and will rip your necklace off or your earrings out of your ears . 
  not a good time . 
  so just be cautious about that . 
  i went to dubrovnik last summer and it was a beautiful experience . 
  in september the weather should still be nice . 
  apparently it 's also the city used for the shooting of king 's landing in game of thrones ( in case your into that stuff ) . 
  the other two cities i 've never been to but have fun !, 
  threaten to block their warcraft accounts . 
  that icelandic mayor who was a comedian in the past and under whom rejkjavik is apparently doing much better than it was a couple years ago . 
  got ta respect truthtellers, 
  died, 
  our tallest mountain is 1014 meters . 
  i went snowboarding in the middle of january and when we got to the place , we were told that we can only use the bottom 60m of the main slope because there was no snow :d, 
  is this any different from what the us warned russia about for two weeks now ? 
  the us should just employ the failsafe obama technique : draw a `` red line '' and when that `` line '' is inevitable crossed , make a speech before americans on how it was pretty fucked up that they crossed the line . 
  then slowly pressure the media to stop focusing on ukraine so much ; the oppression of gay rights in the us is a pretty popular plan b. 
  hence , ukraine will be forgotten just like syria . 
  100 % success rate so far . 
  hussar into space hussar now !, 
  :o mountains ( entering jealous/inferiority complex mode ), 
  out of the 28 eu member states , more than 20 are in the schengen area . 
  if a `` refugee '' arrives in one of the mediterrenean countries , nothing is stopping him/her from moving around the rest of the area .
