  hungary can into sea !, 
   lottory oh , the irony . 
  for anyone wondering at all about hungary 's 80 % debt-to-gdp , it 's a remnant of the communist era for the most part . 
  since the end of the 1950s , hungary had one of the highest dgdp 's in europe . 
  this is built on the idea that most hungarians were extremely pissed off at the policies of our 1950s stalinist regime . 
  after the 1956 revolution was crushed , the new communist leadership realized it had to make some concessions to the people to keep them `` happy '' . 
  so things like cultural matters became relatively liberal ( in comparison to the cultural block ) while food was guaranteed and things like public transit and healthcare were practically free . 
  but the communist leadership was in denial of the fact that all of these projects demands large sums of money , so it started to borrow . 
  by the mid-1970s , the communists were borrowing money to pay back old loans , and so it increased and increased . 
  the price of being the `` happiest barrack '' . 
  iirc there 's an issue with macedonia 's naming . 
  greece refuses to deal with them , because the historic region of macedon is apparently not where the fyrom is . 
  so i think there 's a lot of greek opposition to eu-macedonian affairs . 
  half the homeless guys here wear `` italia '' sweaters . 
  so we should assume they 're italians with the dreams of being homeless in budapest ? 
  are we a potato ? 
  watch out for the latvians, 
  i 'm sorry , fellow hungarian redditors , but i have to do this . 
  [ this show used to be watched by some retards ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znaprzyk4by ) . 
  i was in my early teens when it reached its high point - it has been off the air for a few years now though sometimes they still run re-runs ( i think ) . 
  the thing is , very few people watched it , but everyone made fun of it . 
  everyone used it as a word to mean `` trash '' of some sorts . 
  the thing is that it stayed on for years , meaning somebody had to watch it . 
  you would never actually meet people who watched it , but it still apparently got good ratings . 
  there must 've been closet `` monika show '' watchers . 
  looking back at this video , i always wonder how they could ever let such an abomination to human reason on tv . 
  still hilarious though . 
  your argument assumes that there would be a 1:1 exchange ratio of every country in the world or close to every country . 
  as the schengen area and the eu 's right to free movement and refugee policies show , that 's not the case . 
  there is a massive difference between people wanting to move from the less developed world to north america and europe , and people moving the other way around . 
  jobs and money are limited factors . 
  if your argument would actually happen , then it would n't be a problem since no job markets would be overcrowded . 
  that 's not the case , however . 
  as for the culture part , your argument is also idealistic . 
  many middle eastern ( but not limited to such ) immigrants in western and central european states have shown that they brought their cultural problems with them and have no intention of giving them up for the sake of integration , even if given citizenship . 
  look at rotterdam , london and malmo . 
  cultural adaptation should be played on the part of the refugee/immigrant , not the host country . 
  so you have a nice idea ; it 's just 100 % unrealistic . 
  they were part of the kingdom of hungary ; the austro-hungarian empire was only for the last third of our history . 
  however , szeklerland always held autonomy within the kingdom . 
  as for hungary not wanting them back , i do n't know about that ... 
   the hungarian area in romania has no historical right to claim independence . 
  are you serious right now ? 
  918 years are no `` historical right '' ? 
  why do they have no chance ? 
  was expecting allusion to hungary as well . 
  i went there as a tourist . 
  my friend is italian ( from the northern part ) and when we went there , he had trouble understanding the words . 
  apparently the italian of people living in south tyrol is so heavily built on german ( their historic language ) that they never learned `` proper '' italian - so there 's this weird combination . 
  i think that speaks a lot to the character of the people there . 
  ca n't tell you whether it would be for independence or joining austria . 
  in the pubs there were some historic austrian maps , but then again they were in pubs . 
  yes !, 
  i feel unimportant . 
  [ we did n't make putin 's shortlist of capitals he could take in two days ] ( http://www.charter97.org/en/news/2014/9/18/116364/ ) . 
  it 's like we do n't even matter in eastern european affairs anymore / s, 
  we made it too !, 
  goddamn daytoners ' comin ' into my town, 
  usually a gypsy leader of some sorts . 
  just out of curiousity , why were n't elections held in the mostar region ? 
  i love how the map shows the outline of germany as well . 
  `` we 're still here , you know '', 
  i mean if you can take 300 more years of nagging then i ca n't see why not, 
  the sacrilegious line !, 
   as an american we should n't be allies with barbarians next time you buy an iphone , understand that the very company that made it does n't give a single shit about your very life , instead choosing to put money and jobs in countries like the pr china - a place of constant human rights violations , i do n't care how good its economy is . 
  you think we 're bad in voting far right ( none of which by the way are governing parties ) ? 
  you should go to the prc , or north korea . 
  i can guarantee you will not find a single neo-nazi party , thus not encountering any `` barbarians '' either . 
  yes , the problem is with us europeans . 
  too bad we ca n't ever achieve the glorious level of democracy you can , constantly choosing between the same two parties , pretending like one of them has put your country into economic shit any more than the other . 
  yeah , no , this is the problem : the us should n't ally with us neo-nazi europeans . 
  have n't met many americans , but if you are the general example , then you are an interesting people . 
  you hate neo-nazis , then go on to blame all of europe for electing them . 
  poland : non-biological brothers who we really like . 
  austria : we call them `` brothers-in-law '' since we were kind of tied together for 300 years . 
  also , we really like to complain about how they ruined us , and then a quarter of us go work in austria monday-friday . 
  goulash and porn stars . 
  could be worse . 
  i still ca n't get over spain 's elimination, 
  they can have their own currency , the `` only '' obstacle is that it would ( and maybe will ) be quite the tedious process . 
  the royal bank of scotland ( the largest clearing bank of scotland and one of the largest in the uk ) [ declared that it 'll move to england if scotland votes for independence . 
  ] ( http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/09/11/two-banks-say-theyll-move-if-scotland-votes-for-independence/?_php=true&amp;_type=blogs&amp;_r=0 ) the problem with this is that it shows a lack of confidence in an independent scottish fiscal policy and economic `` worthiness '' . 
  a scottish currency would have to be pegged against something to prove itself an actual currency in the eyes of investors and the rest of the world . 
  it could be pegged to the pound - since there 's a 300 year history of fiscal communication between scotland and england - but then they 'd be right back where they were since it 's regulated by the bank of england . 
  it could be pegged to the euro , dollar , yen , but it would n't be easy . 
  the point is that with the rbs already threatening to pull out even though the referendum has n't actually taken place , the illusion of a potentially-failing economy is created since the largest bank does n't even want to try issuing a new currency . 
  if not enough support is drummed up behind the currency , then it will fail . 
   would n't having the euro or the british pound both make managing their economy harder as they ca n't print more money based on what their economy needs ? 
  that 's a slippery slope . 
  printing more money today will lead to inflation tomorrow . 
  a historic currency of my country [ experienced the worst hyperinflation in history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_peng%c5%91#historical_exchange_rates ) because it was printed in ridiculous numbers without any gold/silver/foreign currency backing , thus becoming worthless . 
  they 're lazy lol, 
  we really need to start using subtitles . 
  hungarians in general speak terrible english , while romanians ( even serbians ) speak it well.we 're falling behind ... 
  so twenty years was not enough time for ukraine to give the donbass a choice ? 
  i do n't know , seeing the scottish situation ... 
  in my first post , i was talking about the crimean population 's relationship with the rada , not with russian involvement . 
  it was the lack of democratic choice ( referendum ) i meant , not the idea that russia had a right to invade . 
  i 'm really attacking the use of the words `` civilization '' and `` anti-civilization '' since they are half-truths at best . 
  there is no doubt that ukraine has become a pawn of the east-west power struggle .
