  tl ; dr no hungary is n't trying to leave the eu / join russia since they destroyed us on numerous occasions . 
  no thank you !, 
  i did n't vote for them , but i respect them the most out of the opposition . 
  schiffer will slap any party with a list of insults which is awesome . 
  the reason everyone `` forgot '' is that they will most likely always be a periphery party . 
  ahh finally . 
  thanks for the upload !, 
  i 'm not exactly a pes fan , but damn - martin schulz is an amazing communicator !, 
  could run circles around juncker . 
  absolutely . 
  i 'd rather revert to a caveman-like age then have them as overlords again . 
  it 's gas for the others as well ( except poland since they buy coal i think ? ), 
  but it 's a pretty significant deal . 
  should the russians cut off these four states , the region would go dark . 
   is there no effective opposition , what ? 
  and why ? 
  they are a group of corrupt thugs who were no better than the current government . 
  one would think that , after the massive bitchslap they received in 2010 , they would 've distanced themselves from politics so that newer generations can appear and revitalize their views , but no . 
  their greed did n't let them do that . 
  i agree on the eastern border of nato , though that 's tragic in itself since that means anything beyond it has potential for russian invasion . 
  this argument has been going around on this subreddit for quite some time now . 
  some people have faith in nato ( should it be needed ) while others do n't . 
  i 'm one of those who do . 
  nato has n't failed any of its members yet , so i do n't find reason to think it would abandon latvia for example . 
  the russians wo n't go into poland , slovakia , hungary and romania because a ) they have miniscule russian populations and b ) because it practically already owns them through the export market . 
  ** hungary ** we now have one of the strongest far-right parties in europe - if not the strongest : jobbik . 
  they won 20 % of the seats of the new legislature . 
  they 're your typical eurosceptic chauvinist whiners who , more likely than not , are financed by russia and/or iran . 
  they complain about the eu being a newer version of the `` evil empire '' , even though most people know they 're russian puppets - hilarious , right ? 
  it must , however , be said that nothing of this sort happens without reason . 
  from 2002 to 2010 , when the centre-left socialists were in power , the country practically became impoverished with rampant corruption on all levels of government . 
  buildings were rotting away in the capital even though the eu allocated specific funds for their restoration , begging the question : where did the money go ? 
  the point is , people grew tired of the onslaught of corruption maintained by that government , and socialists in hungary were historically associated with jews - which is why many ( though not all ) jobbik supporters are also anti-semitic . 
  they see jews as the people who control the money supply and cut off hungary on purpose just because people wo n't cater to their `` zionist scheme '' . 
  i would n't remotely put jobbik on the golden dawn level . 
  they 're becoming more mainstream with each election , meaning they 'll have to give up their most radical views or perish in the political environment . 
  the one thing they have going for them is that they 've never governed before , thus nobody can yet blame them for the utter destruction of the hungarian economy . 
  lol the morvai pic, 
   hungary will likely end to exist as a nation after ww3 . 
  either that or a paprika overdose . 
  part of the `` socialists ' fault '' bit . 
  it definitely fanned the flames . 
  there are n't a great deal of heads of government who are rats enough to de-legitimize themselves completely and actually refuse to resign or hold snap elections . 
  russia joined under yeltsin , a man who took a very different approach to the foreign relations of russia from putin . 
  in the 90s russia was weak so it was able to stabilize its relations with the us by joining the partnership . 
  putin probably curses the day yeltsin decided to join , but more likely than not , he simply does n't care for it . 
  the pfp is really just a formality , just like the budapest referendum turned out to be - aside from the fact that ukraine treated it seriously enough to hold up its end of the bargain . 
  the reason nobody is talking about it is that it 's insignificant . 
  georgia is also a member and russia had no qualms about invading its territory in 2008 . 
  the point is that russia ca n't be contained through just formal agreements . 
  for eight years before orban came to power ( though he was in power once already , from 1998-2002 ) the socialist party ruled through corruption , like any socialist party in the region . 
  they never distanced themselves from their communist ancestors and orban ran a good pr campaign against them . 
  anyways , as it turns out , many hungarians are actually okay with some rights being waived as long as there 's bread on the table and their lives get marginally better . 
  this is a remnant of the communist mentality which shaped two generations of hungarians . 
  it 'll eventually get better - i hope . 
  orban was also involved with the youth wing of the communist party , just like his predecessor ; the only difference is that he preaches religion ( which would be okay if he was a genuine believer ) and family values . 
  these are both noble causes , but he seems to only employ them when they need to . 
  tl ; dr the socialists are the reason fidesz is , and likely will be , in power for a while . 
  this may literally be the first time i read a phrase in norwegian . 
  i must say i expected more words ending with '' - gard '' lol, 
  before my comrades pounce on me , i do n't have the long hungarumlaut on my phone . 
  anyways , imagine a long umlaut on the '' \u00f6 '' instead of two dots . 
  the word refers to a dish that is not as liquid as a soup , yet is not a stew either . 
  i 'm curious to see how the european commission will react to this . 
  on the one hand , it 's a clear violation of the right to free speech/expression but also of a minority 's right to preserve its identity . 
  on the other hand , given the current situation in the area , i ca n't disagree with the baltic states being a bit paranoid . 
  though it 's weird to see this happening in lithuania . 
  they have the smallest russian minority of the baltic states . 
  if , however the ec does n't issue a statement on this matter , or says it 's not its business , then that 'll just reinforce the fact that it ca n't step up to the plate when very significant questions need answering . 
  falkland islands ... nice, 
  when was the picture taken ? 
  if there are any baltic users reading this : on a scale of 1 to putin , how plausible is a russian invasion really seen by the public in your state ? 
  not what the media says , but what the people actually talk about and believe ? 
  you are correct with the `` european hypocrisy '' theory . 
  i absolutely , 100 % support all of nato 's endeavors , because nato is the only chance at sovereignty east-central europe has . 
  thus i ca n't stand it when other europeans complain . 
  if hungary would 've been occupied by the us after the war , not the soviet union , we 'd be as rich as austria today . 
  yes , that 's why i said direct conflict . 
  `` local '' self-defense forces arrive in 3 ... 2 ... 
  the us and russia ( ussr previously ) were fine with avoiding each other when it comes to direct conflict for almost 70 years . 
  why would they break that situation for ukraine ? 
  the truth of the matter is that ukraine is simply not worth it for the us . 
  the only real potential opponent thus would be the eu , but that would require the eu to have a pair . 
  no , i do n't think there will be a war . 
  unfortunately , russia will get what it wants as it did in chechnya and georgia . 
  this will prove that anything beyond nato is fair game for russia . 
  the us will have to spend the next 20 years recuperating from the pr disasters iraq and afghanistan turned out to be ; it 'll be reluctant to go into any country for a while . 
  very sad , but the west will lose ukraine and ukraine will lose its sovereignty even politically . 
  i ca n't help but think there is a nugget of a point in there , somewhere ... 
  an article by another `` 21st century cosmopolitan '' who probably never spent a day outside his neighborhood . 
  i think its fine that people in a country are different races , religions , traditions . 
  but being poor does not excuse theft . 
  i 've never been rich , but i was raised to never do dishonorable things . 
  if nobody else on here will say it , i will : as far as hungary is concerned , 9 out of 10 cases of violent crimes are committed by roma people . 
  it 's a statistic , not something that can be argued . 
  i am sorry for the non-recognition roma communities experienced for hundreds of years , but if they do n't want to help themselves , what help can be provided to them ? 
  we often see roma men buy lottery tickets and booze with money that is very likely given to them by the state for being a minority , and not just any minority , but roma . 
  once again , being roma is fine , but statistics ca n't just be overlooked just because it does n't sound good to these `` ultra-modern , cosmopolitan '' people who have never interacted with roma people in their lives . 
  even if a family does n't have a great deal of money , do n't try to convince me that parents should n't engrave the idea of being law-abiding citizens into their kids from the start . 
  this author should move to the eastern border regions of hungary for a year , then we 'd see how different this article would look .
