   we have a shitty government . 
  we do . 
  and who would you have govern instead ? 
  the socialists/communists or jobbik ? 
  perhaps lmp ( the greens ) who barely made the 5 % threshold this year ? 
  it 's always easy to criticize and point out what 's wrong , but rarely does anyone suggest who - among those available - would govern hungary successfully . 
  eight years under socialist rule saw virtually no growth , if not actual contraction , of the hungarian economy and was riddled with corruption just like this one . 
  jobbik 's appointment to power would bring about a jurg heider-eu war situation for us , which would make things no better . 
  so , i 'll ask again , who would do a better job of the candidates offered ? 
  krakow is one of my favorite cities . 
  so beautiful , it 's like communism never even made it that far , i could n't find a single trace of it , though i was only on one side of the vistula , so i ca n't speak for the whole city . 
  til we are not the only country that produces paprika . 
  wow , this is some straight up [ r/conspiracy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy ) crap . 
  the only good thing we did during the second world war . 
  hitler wanted to ship german soldiers through hungary to be able to attack poland from the south , and horthy said `` he would sooner blow up the rail lines than to participate in an attack on poland '' . 
  little-known fact : neanderthals still live among us , sometimes it 's just very difficult to tell . 
  [ proof . 
  ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/05/10/article-2142137-13033fda000005dc-774_634x413.jpg ) as you can see , the brow ridge above the eyes and massive cheekbones give it away . 
  do not let the difference in hair deceive you . 
  was under the impression we would be suzuki . 
  even the poorest hungarian families can get a suzuki swift . 
  it would n't be fair to say that we are `` doves '' , because that would underestimate the situation . 
  our government literally has n't done shit since the crisis began , aside from the sanctions brought by the eu , and they even dragged their feet with that one . 
  i very much respect the british approach to foreign policy nowadays . 
  their like the cool-headed version of the us . 
  maybe the americans will be like that in 800 years as well . 
  anyways , we did n't do anything . 
  our government placed all of its eggs in the russian basket , and does n't really know what to do since it turned out the neighborhood morale officer putin is a bad guy after all . 
  not worth asking . 
  ca n't you see that food like goulash ca n't possibly seem good to people with as rich cuisine as the world-renowned british cuisine ? 
  sure , so long as that 's as far it goes, 
  so we can tell brussels to force norway to open its fisheries to spanish fisherman or sanction the norwegians ? 
  we 've had these things for 3 or 4 years now and they 're quite the moneymaking enterprises . 
  it 's one thing that norway would pull its own funding from hungary since that 's norwegian money . 
  but norway , a non-eu member state , should not be telling brussels where it should and should n't be using sanctions . 
  you ca n't just manipulate for the good and avoid responsibility ( by not joining the union ) . 
  14 to the usd . 
  we have n't been at war for sixty years , and you still get 240 forints to the usd . 
  in overall excellent performance on our side !, 
  how much is a gram where you live ? 
  i do n't know if the eu leadership wanted ukraine to become as much of a full-fledged member as they make it appear . 
  sure , the treaty signing and everything , but ukraine getting probably the 5th most seats in the ep immediately upon entering would probably piss off countries like italy who are n't exactly the leaders ( ger and fra ) but the highest tier below them ( lol ) . 
  merkel recently eased up upon her attitude towards russia , and while many claim that it 's to bring the conversation back to the table ( to which there is certainly truth ) , i think it 's also because she would n't want to rush ukraine 's eu accession . 
  germany is already keeping a few countries on life support so i do t know if she would want to add another country to that list which has nearly 50million people . 
  tl ; dr i do n't think the eu leadership wants ukraine to join the eu as much as the media and experts want everyone to think . 
  it 's not cowardice , it 's reasoning . 
  nato is a mutual defense alliance . 
  defense . 
  anything that 's not happening on nato territory is up to individual assessment and is n't obligatory , as you said . 
  nato went into afghanistan after an attack on nato territory , so there was at least a nugget of a basis . 
  russia is a member of csto and sco . 
  i think we can all agree that a war which involves not only russia and its lackey states , but also china , would not be the greatest thing in the world at the moment . 
  it 's not cowardice , it 's the idea that all options have to be fully exhausted before nato brings the hammer down . 
  unless the us says otherwise , in which case ignore that last sentence . 
  [ update !, 
  footage of the event was found and uploaded to youtube . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mjlvg81v-k ) these austrian socialists are serious about their gnomes !, 
  football 2 . 
  water polo 3 . 
  handball we are shit in football now . 
  ferenc puskas is our most known player of all time ( probably including the future as well ) . 
  we made it to two fifa world cup finals , lost twice , sucked since . 
  well the third option is mozart , and if that were the case ... :d, 
  the amount of love expressed towards him in the comment section of that video is astonishing . 
  what happens if their uk citizenship is revoked , but that was the only citizenship they had ? 
  read the article in a serious tone until , `` german chancellor claims stifled growth is due to countries running high deficits and breaking fiscal rules set by brussels '' . 
  something interesting was happening simultaneously on the other side of the country . 
  pozsgay received a phone call from the commander of a border crossing at today 's ukraine ( then still the ussr ) , in which he found out that the russians are building a border checkpoint of their own across from the hungarian one . 
  this meant that gorbachev was now well aware of potential border changes , as he moved the border positions inward , assuming those of the soviet satellite states ( poland , czechoslovakia , hungary ) may become volatile . 
  it 's amazing how everything actually worked out for a change . 
  let 's hope the next airstrike finds its way to this man 's throat . 
  wow , i just watched that video yesterday : /, 
  sounds like in a few years , there will be a new group discovered : russians in far-north norway , needing to be freed from norway to re-join russia . 
  welp , they wanted the soviet union back . 
  here you go, 
  they could have pr impacts . 
  you guys have presidential elections upcoming , so every bit of good news serves the incumbent government , and every bit of bad news works for the opposition . 
  i do n't think it 's any more or less popular than it was during elections : 17-20 % of the electorate maybe . 
  jobbik holds 0 power in hungary , so these fears are exaggerated . 
  that 's why the government-initiated projects are built in a manner in which they can sustain themselves in the future . 
  this whole problem can be solved if everybody just learns hungarian as a first language instead of english . 
  easy to learn and super relevant in the other parts of the world !, 
  these are lies !, 
  i see no paprika whatsoever !, 
  everybody knows that 's all we need to heal !, 
  that 's why there 's so much nationalization of industries going on - to balance a potential `` anarcho '' - capitalist pullout . 
  but then we get shit for apparently have a state-run command economy . 
  whoops !, 
  sorry about that , that was another post on this thread . 
  my apologies : /, 
  we 're not too proud . 
  in this economic climate , we 'll take outsourced industries all day :d, 
  you basically said the central statistics office was lying because it 's based in budapest . 
  nobody said it 's an orban miracle , but you were denying the fundamental notion that the gdp grew by 3.9 %, 
  well , hungary did experience tragic economic dives by the mid-2000s . 
  yet those were during the rule of the socialist party . 
  this is why orban is deemed successful ( economically speaking ) : the socialists failed to balance their checkbook throughout their 2002-2010 tenure , whereas orban did n't . 
  so yes , we can look at the bigger picture . 
  in which economic field is hungary doing worse now , than it was four , five or ten years ago ? 
  ksh ( central statistics office ) has been reporting shitty news whenever there was shitty statistics to report .
