  i trust it , otherwise it would n't be picked up by so many other sources as well . 
  click here to find out why !, 
   eu = emerging superpower ( delayed for an indefinite period of time ) golden, 
  the difference in ranking between the gdp and gdp-per-capita is amazing !, 
  we could into relevance !, 
  yes , but look at the structure of these buildings : in the middle of open space , taller than any building in the area , two towers which clearly resemble some kind of importance . 
  now what would a jihadist make of that, 
  when synagogues are burning and isis supporters roam throughout numerous french cities ? 
  it 's like they want to be the targets of the next major terrorist attack . . 
  could we do a `` national auto brands of europe ? '', 
  that 's it , there 's nothing else to it :d, 
  yup , that 's what we are - a mountain nation, 
  was at the game - can confirm that this is a half-truth at best . 
  if you are any single hungarian politician , and you are insane enough to stand before ftc fans , then you will get what they are known for : nothing useful . 
  however , i 'd say that of the 20000 who were there , there were only a couple hundred boo-ing or whistling at any time during or after the speech . 
  if you were actually there and talked to these fans , most of them will say orban is a jew/gypsy , yet they vote for him because they get more stadiums then . 
  the point is , just see what would happen if mesterhazy , gyurcsany or bajnai stood in front of them . 
  they would probably not make it out of the stadium alive . 
  if you actually listen to the video , you can tell that it 's mostly accoustics ; two or three individual whistles/boos being very audible . 
  that 's just a good stadium . 
  orban just did a pr move in muting the video 's background mic afterwards . 
  trust me , any other hungarian politician would do the same . 
  i ca n't find it now , but before the elections , i remember watching the atv news broadcast which spoke of a bajnai rally somewhere in eastern hungary as a successful meeting with many supporters . 
  afterwards , on the hirtv news , i saw footage of the same exact meeting , but this had something the atv news omitted : it showed 70-100 people standing in front of the car , holding geese - obviously as an insult to him . 
  inside , half the chairs were empty . 
  the point is that everybody does their own pr moves . 
  what you 're saying makes sense , i just thought it 's funny . 
  it 's not even really relevant to ukraine . 
  we 've gotten so much crap from eu institution for marginal extremism , yet it is willing to whitewash anything going on in ukraine , from the side of the ukrainian forces , regardless what they are made of . 
  yet once the ukrainian conflict blows over and things are restored , the eu will have to reconsider attacking countries for marginal fascism/neo-nazism - if it does n't want to look like a hypocritical scumbag in the eyes of the people of course . 
  well , to be honest i am pretty shocked . 
  russian soldiers nowadays were thought to have taken literally no form of identification with them - like in crimea . 
  i have to play the devil 's advocate here , though . 
  if we accept that this was indeed captured from russians , then how do we react to videos of [ separatists finding right sector identification among ukrainian militia bodies ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=240_1407867265 ) -- nsfw -- ? 
  they are both just showing the aftermath of events . 
  or [ this video ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=1b0_1407877548 ) of soldiers allegedly belonging to the azov battalion ? 
  are we , the eu , really going to support military forces which harbor neo-nazis ? 
  because hungary gets a lot of shit from the eu for jobbik , which was never even in power - and god willing probably never will be - yet it 's okay with these guys ? 
  there have been quite a few reposts from [ r/european ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/european ) in the past few days . 
  are we under siege or something ? 
  then greece [ lied to the rest of europe last year ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_afrozersnk ) . 
  they mislead us pretty successfully . 
  we 're horrific with english . 
  i 'm no expert on the subject , but there are probably several reasons for that . 
  in hungary , every film is dubbed , because we are lazy and do n't want to look at the bottom of the screen to find out what the actors are saying . 
  in places like serbia and romania , virtually every movie is left subtitled , forcing kids from a young age to learn the language - the smart thing to do . 
  also , the younger generations speak better english ; the older ones are a mixture of people who `` studied '' english , german and russian , so they 're from a time when english was n't deemed the single most important language to learn . 
  i 'm sorry , i just ca n't get over anything that matolcsy says . 
  the non-sequitur speeches mixed with [ this ] ( http://static.168ora.hu/db/0a/f1/matolcsy-700-d0001baf186193198ac16.jpg ) make me break down every time . 
  haha , it would n't be the telegraph if it did n't publish at least one article which paints france in a bad light per week . 
  but then why is it that if someone does n't agree with the actions of israel , there 's a 60 % chance he will be deemed an anti-semite ? 
  spot the hipster country : - poliisi - police - polizei - police - rend\u00f6rs\u00e9g, 
  you really do n't like croats . 
  does n't debrecen also have a line ? 
  is that rubble left over from the war ? 
  stop lying . 
  everybody knows americans are most loved by the french . 
  [ relevant ? 
  in greece and italy , even the internet does n't want to work . 
   i decided against it because there is n't much infrastructure here for electric cars . 
  in hungary you can only get an electric car as a secondary car . 
  not literally , of course , but there are so few recharging stations that there is virtually no point in getting an electric car , regardless how much one would want to . 
  most recharging stations are west of the danube , meaning half the country is cut off from them . 
  haha , i love how the first rule says `` no serbophobia '' . 
  this is not about `` anti-diversity '' attitudes or uniformity . 
  it 's about the idea that some cultures are literally not willing to adapt to european life , as proven by these protesters who feel the need to trash french property for the war half a continent away . 
  comparing these two football hooligans is not fair . 
  football hooligans are predictable . 
  this riots can develop after any given international event , with a great deal of these protesters destroying material in france for things happening thousands of miles away . 
  do they want to pack up and go there to personally see their will be exerted ? 
  noooo , of course not . 
  they know that european riot police , regardless the situation , have to adhere to a set of rules . 
  that 's quite comfortable compared to going to palestine as a `` fighter '' and have a life expectancy of 4-6 weeks . 
  here we have it . 
  21st century european multiculturalism . 
  just what we needed . 
  round of applause goes to the riot police who stood there while chairs were being thrown back and forth , and only stepped in once there was complete disorder . 
  what did they expect ? 
  siege of n\u00e1ndorfeh\u00e9rv\u00e1r ( today 's belgrade , serbia ) in 1456 . 
  it was a decisive , disproportionate victory of the kingdom of hungary against the ottoman empire . 
  the hungarian forces were outnumbered , but persevered long enough for the ottoman sultan to pull out instead . 
  the `` noon bell '' is a result of the battle ; the pope at the time ( ca n't remember who he was , maybe callixtus ? ), 
  ordered all church bells to be rung at noon in celebration of the victory . 
  and then the ottomans came back 90 years later and conquered us . 
  also , there was the siege of eger , but maybe another hungarian user could explain that event ? 
  i 'm convinced u/machoki is a paid troll of an anti-government agency . 
  this is the second article i 've seen him post on the same exact subject/event , even though nothing changed since the last one . 
  i was shocked . 
  and when i saw that hungary ranked 9th in the list , i was convinced that they researched another hungary . 
  this is all speculative , which is fine . 
  however , it 's basing arguments in brussels on these purely-speculative thoughts which creates problems . 
  if this actually happens , then the shitstorm from brussels will be fine , though it 'll be the least of the hungarian state 's worries , as the people will probably end them . 
  if it does n't happen however , and brussels starts shit , then it will garner more empathy from the people towards the state - which is unfortunately what is happening . 
  complaints from brussels have been ironically helping this rat because it makes his `` freedom fight '' look more and more legitimate to the hungarian electorate . 
  okay , so i beg you come and see budapest . 
  anti-government voices are `` everywhere '' in the sense that you can see small protests all the time . 
  it 's the opposition 's fault that it ca n't mobilize enough to get large protests going . 
  trust me , the government never cracks down on these protests . 
  in fact , if we 're on the topic of threatening people when they open their mouths , you should see what the socialists did in 2006 when the then-opposition protests got big . 
  talk about feeling threatened .
