  you 're logic is sound . 
  unfortunately this is the internet , where the person at the other end of the conversation could be a 14 year-old who has already fucked thousands of xbox players ' mothers , or a college professor who just likes browsing reddit in what little spare time he has . 
  there is no consistency to the reddit community , so you have 2 options : try to address those whose opinions you oppose and hope they are as civil in their response . 
  or move on and accept that the internet , and reddit , is not an exclusive club which only the most highly intellectual can enter . 
  the government ca n't force anyone to resign from a private entity without the person being charged with an actual crime . 
  if it is proven that lazar stands behind this , then he should resign . 
  if not , then an apology should be issued by every medium for slandering a minister . 
  i somehow doubt that 's going to happen though , even if lazar is correct . 
  i do n't understand why this is turning out to be such a huge deal as to get mass international attention . 
  1,000 people marched yesterday , and europe was following . 
  just a few years ago , when hundreds of thousands of hungarians were marching nobody gave a shit . 
  talk about `` equality '' . 
  origo is owned by telekom . 
  it 's a private company that can hire and fire at will . 
  precisely, 
  well there was an eu starting in 2004 , and it gave literally zero shits about the preceding regime , which was just as corrupt . 
  the prime minister from 2004 to 2009 literally admitted that they were lying day and night , and not a single admission of care came from brussels . 
  fidesz sucks , but the country has not seen any worse bit of corruption and anti-democratic ideals than under mszp from 2002 ( though it was n't terrible while the first guy , meddgyesi was in charge - so really 2004 ) to 2010 . 
   in the past 2 weeks , this fucking country stepped back 5 decades in democratic progress and people are clapping . 
  it 's been happening since 1990 . 
  i too lived in the netherlands for a few years , and i can tell you that not everything the media says that sounds bad is an exaggeration . 
  the area of rotterdam next to where i lived had these newly-organized `` morale officers '' who would go around making sure that no muslim girls are out after 7pm and stuck with muslim fashion . 
  i 'm not vilifying the entire muslim community ; i 'm just not in denial about the reality of these problems . 
  i 'll be one of the few people on this subreddit to say i actually have a problem with `` non-european '' religious plurality in the eu . 
  i would love to live in the make-believe world that the `` tolerant '' groups want us to believe we 're living in , but i do n't . 
  muslims voluntarily come in by the tens of thousands , but not with the will to integrate into european society . 
  look what 's happening in france , the uk and even previously-peaceful countries like sweden . 
  for centuries there were different denominations of christianity in europe as well as judaism . 
  while fighting was constant , there was some sort of understanding between the communities of these branches , which we do n't see today between muslims and christians/jews - and this is n't just in the eu . 
  if i move to iran tomorrow and demand that my wife be able to paint her nails and not wear a hijab considering she 's not muslim , would they care in any way ? 
  no , because it 's mandatory - law - in iran for women to wear hijabs . 
  and you know what ? 
  i guess that 's alright because i chose to move to iran , thus choosing to adhere to its system of laws . 
  a significant portion of muslim immigrants do not , however , share the same view . 
  they do n't care that they moved to another country with a completely different set of laws - a country which potentially saved their lives - they expect to be able to run their lives , and sometimes the lives of others , exactly as they did back in the country which they fled . 
  i find this to be extremely disrespectful and arrogant . 
  before the reddit downvote army arrives to label me a prejudiced racist , let me make it clear that i do n't dislike muslims , hindus or any other `` non-european '' religion . 
  i do , however , acknowledge a situation for what it is after what could be seen in countries like the netherlands where tolerance is supposed to be key , yet many immigrants give 0 f ** ks about the centuries-old dutch way of thought . 
  we do n't live in a dreamworld where all the immigrants are happy to absorb our cultures and adapt to the native populations ' way of life ( integration , not assimilation ) . 
  the sooner politicians , who preach we must all love each other - since they live in villas and never see immigrants who preach sharia law - acknowledge that , the better . 
  wow , no real consistency . 
  that 's pretty surprising , since far-right groups are usually thought to be largely backed by those between 18 and 35 - or at least that 's what i assumed . 
  umm , i do n't know if the wikipedia page has been hijacked or not , but i think i should let you know now - before any other conspiracy theories develope - that there were two barroso commissions ; hence , barroso i is the first of his commissions , from 2004 to 2009 . 
  there were three delors commission lasted for three cycles , so you could classify them as delors i , ii , iii . 
  i do n't think anyone was trying to sabotage the ep 's wikipedia entry . 
  well then i 'd say this subreddit has definitely gotten closer to that term since last year . 
  i remember when i posted a comment saying conchita should not have gotten first place because her song was n't good enough for first place . 
  the euro downvote army arrived less than an hour later :d, 
  i 'm not sure what an `` echo chamber '' is . 
  i 'm trying to zero in on it : is it that several opinions are allowed , or its opposite ? 
  they do exist , but they are by no means the only threat to social justice . 
  the user is singling out racists , while others might say that he should worry about hardline communists just as much , as hardline communists contributed to the deaths of tens of millions of people . 
  i 've seen soooo many users here using ad hominem remarks against those who disagree with them ( usually labeling them `` backwards '' or `` bigots '' ) . 
  the point of my response was to point out that these types of remarks are just as bigoted as those whom they label as such . 
  the world of xbox ; where not a single mother goes unfucked by the entire gaming community . 
  that 's not what i 'm arguing against . 
  people that make racist statements are obviously racist . 
  however , there has been a tendency on many subreddits like this one to target any non-progressive opinions . 
  the word `` right-wing '' , for example , has been made almost exclusively derogatory now . 
  the point is that not everyone who does n't agree with every word of yours is a racist bigot . 
  i think radical far-left groups can be just as dangerous to society as racist bigots , yet i do n't see a tenth the attention it gets from the users of this subreddit . 
  i just ignore most of what they have to say , just like i ignore most of what racist bigots say . 
  your sentence is the qed of the article . 
  anyone who does n't agree with you is a racist bigot . 
  this is the problem with so many forums : you hold the single truth and anyone who does n't agree with it is backwards , disgusting etc. 
  if scientists and enlightenment thinkers would 've been like that 300 years ago , how much do you think we would 've progressed ? 
  no matter how many more seats will be added to the ep , it wo n't be able to do more than right now if it ca n't initiate legislation . 
  i do n't think 751 seats are too few for 505 million people , because it 's not about numbers but efficiency . 
  yes , we could have 5,000 seats . 
  imagine the bureaucracy , and eventually the corruption , that would develop . 
  the greatest problem with the ep is that it ca n't initiate legislation , not that it has too few meps . 
   is not enough that they stole it in 1812 even if we were their allies ? 
  i came from the western part of what was once the principality of moldavia and trust me , even after 202 years we feel like we are the same . 
  sounds like a familiar story , 
  you can travel without showing your passport because the states you went to are in the schengen area . 
  that 's not equivalent to the eu . 
  switzerland , iceland and norway are also in it though they are not eu member states . 
  meanwhile the uk and ireland are in the eu yet not part of the schengen area . 
  you have a glorious name . 
  well , we were just kind of dragged alongside the austrians starting in 1699 . 
  after reading of your warsaw confederation however , i remembered that we had the [ edict of torda ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edict_of_torda ) . 
  this was an early attempt at religious tolerance in the kingdom of hungary . 
  it did n't really establish any rights outside of religion , it just kind of gave groups the right to practice their religion . 
   that region was always under-invested because germany did n't recognize the border until 1970 's . 
  lol so it was like a `` who knows when they 'll be back ... '' attitude ? 
  but a better standard of living through the free movement of workers is also a painfully slow process . 
  it 's been ten years as far as hungary goes , and what we 've had so far is a brain drain and it 's pretty much like that for nearby post-communist states as well . 
  i 'm not even kidding , the most significant hungary made over its previous conditions happened during the 90s , not since it entered the eu . 
  the question is really how much people are willing to sacrifice in the short - and medium - term to be able to create better lives for upcoming generations . 
   that said , it would be great if you could share what you might think could be an alternative solution for addressing the economic disparity between west and east . 
  i do n't have an answer for that lol . 
  i too do n't think throwing money blindly at the countries would help because most of it would end up in three or four pockets . 
  it really is just time that will eventually erode the now-imaginary border between eastern and western europe . 
  the good news for poland , the czech republic and hungary is that they are neighbors to two very wealthy states ( germany and austria ) , so they have good examples to see . 
  the baltic states ( notably estonia ) see how finland is doing , which is another example to follow . 
  the `` let them lift themselves up '' strategy really is a waste , because communism produced a new class of drones who now call themselves the political elite . 
  most of the left - and right-wingers here have `` red '' ( communist ) diplomas in law and economics , two things which the communist system disregarded the most . 
  thus , education would be the only way . 
  but then the question : who would educate them ? 
  : / if the free movement of workers would 've been introduced in 2030 , it probably would 've been a great thing .
