  0 innovation , but 100 performance . 
  i 'm surprised that poland put that forth as the sign of its `` big return . '', 
  i did n't mind the performance , it was funny . 
  but the song itself was lame . 
  the best song on that contest was - god help me - romania . 
  i house song devised completely to appeal to western european crowds . 
  i was absolutely shocked to find it finish mid-tier . 
  by that same formula , vienna was rich , not all of austria . 
  from 1867 to 1918 , the standard of living in austria and hungary ( excluding the capitals ) was roughly the same . 
  i did n't say that . 
  but the soviets never let hungary become even acceptably wealthy . 
  the mining industry was ( and continues to be ) pretty important in the south-eastern region of ukraine . 
  so access to millions of tons of raw material will definitely not result in a positive change for the national economy , but given that ukraine is gigantic , i 'd say that in itself would n't destroy ukraine 's economy altogether . 
  it 's more the military confrontation that would prove detrimental to ukraine as far as short-term effects are considered . 
  donbas is not crimea ; ukraine has much more reason to fight back now , since hundreds of thousands of ukrainians live in the region . 
  however , that would mean dedicating millions of euros just on quick operations , which could develop into long-term conflict if russia answers . 
  the point is that ukraine 's economy will be devastated ; primarily by the attrition of warfare , secondarily by losing access to resources on the north-eastern coast of the black sea . 
  i think cap is being curbed somewhat for the next budget ( somewhere i read it 'll be around 25 % instead of 43 % ) . 
  and that 's a good idea . 
  some funds should be pulled out of french farmers getting subsidized to not do their only job and put into cohesion funds like regional development to reduce disparities among the states . 
  so i do n't think the eu budget necessarily has to be bigger . 
  i just think outdated models should be refreshed to make the system more fluid and efficient . 
  the only way the eu budget should be raised is if the notion of a united military gains a lot of traction , but that 's a completely different topic . 
  however , if there was to be a united military , then i think an increase in expenditure will be inevitable , leading to the need of an increased budget . 
  trains are often divided into four-seat areas adjacent to each other . 
  if you are travelling with larger suitcases that you have to put on above-head carriages , be sure to have one person on guard duty . 
  at night rides and basically any ride , people often tend to collectively fall asleep ; agree ahead of time on someone staying up just to watch the luggages of your area . 
  entire crime circles evolved around the notion of preying on those who fall asleep on the train , from taking the stuff in their pockets , to simply removing their luggages from the overhead . 
   so , what do you think it will take to put the past behind us ? 
  pay us millions and millions of rubles each year in reparation for the physical and mental terror conducted by russians against the hungarian populace for 45 years , which the nazi 's `` only '' did for one year . 
  that would be a start . 
  i know people go like , `` money ca n't solve the true cause of the problems ; it 's about mentality , etc '' . 
  but fuck that . 
  hungary was rich for 930 years and we are still suffering today for the following 45 brought onto us by russians . 
  the poverty incited by russia is what doomed hungary in the long run , aside from the factor of terror i mentioned before . 
  i was under the impression that this was organized by the nato terrorists . 
  or was it the us terrorists ? 
  wait , no - got it - the jewish/masonic terrorists . 
  so many terrorists in the west nowadays , it 's difficult to keep up with the astonishing rate russian media is capable of discovering them . 
  is n't there like only one person alive who still speaks esperanto fluently ? 
  it 's also not the eurovision political agenda contest . 
  songs and performances should n't be given preferential treatment due to subtexts . 
  i said it was good but not first-place material . 
  we 've seen that same exact type of song being done so many times before . 
  i did n't see any innovation in the tune , just in the `` performer '' . 
  my repost : eurovision is supposed to be about the best song/act , not the best message or background . 
  i respect conchita for doing what she does , but i think she played the system by choosing to promote a topic that everybody knows has a lot of traction among europeans , and especially among eurovision-watching demographics . 
  the song was good , but not first-place good . 
  notice how the articles about her victory today are n't even about her song or performance , but about the message it sends . 
  if the projection of tolerance is the primary objective of a competition , there should just be a eurovision exclusively of lgbt . 
  i was appalled by the politicizing of yesterday 's event . 
  tolerance is important but eurovision is meant to bring us closer together through music not a fucking beard on a female . 
  so then we can stop seeing all the complaints over how belarus , poland and russia voted conchita a lot higher in televoting , than it placed them according to the jury ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , the evidence of eurovision 's politicization . 
  if it were a non-bearded lady singing that same exact song , putting on that same exact act , she probably would 've placed somewhere between 4th and 6th place . 
  however , because it was a `` face of tolerance '' which did so , it automatically got support from the majority of nations . 
  eurovision is supposed to be about the best song/act , not the best message or background . 
  i respect conchita for doing what she does , but i think she played the system by choosing to promote a topic that everybody knows has a lot of traction among europeans , and especially among eurovision-watching demographics . 
  the song was good , but not first-place good . 
  notice how the articles about her victory today are n't even about her song or performance , but about the message it sends . 
  if the projection of tolerance is the primary objective of a competition , there should just be a eurovision exclusively of lgbt . 
  i was appalled by the politicizing of yesterday 's event . 
  tolerance is important but eurovision is meant to bring us closer together through music not a fucking beard on a female . 
  singing pope music !, 
  get it ? 
  pope music !, 
  putin 's probably like , `` bearded women ? 
  fuck this , i 'm pointing my troops the other way . '', 
  and then we 're just kind of there - forever alone . 
  unless finland and estonia want to do something . 
  we should talk to them about this , but tomorrow , because it 's 6pm so they 're drunk . 
  well the commission is supposed to seem slightly more legitimate after these elections , since the president will be elected popularly . 
  my biggest reservation is that the ep can still not initiate laws , even though it was ( until these elections ) the only democratically-elected institution of the eu . 
  i do n't have a problem with the commission being able to initiate legislation , but the ep and council should have that power too , given that they should be in different spheres ( like it is in the us i think ) . 
  a lot of the corruption could be cracked down on in this matter - or it could backfire and lead to a lot more bureaucracy , which in turn could also result in more corruption . 
  energy and environmental policy . 
  i think the current situation in ukraine perfectly shows that much of the eu ( notably the majority of post-communist states ) still depends on russia for too much of its energy . 
  plus , if they involve themselves with energy policy , environmental material is shortly to follow , at least that 's what it seems like to me . 
  i hope the euro crisis will slowly subside and the commission will have just a touch more room to breathe , especially given the idea that it will have a bit more legitimacy since the president will be voted in by the populace . 
  i do n't see either the epp or s&d working too much on this issue nowaday , and it 's not very high on the list of problems for populations of the member states themselves . 
  the greens are too busy pointing out who all the neofascists are , causing nothing but more of them to get voted in . 
  if the ukrainian situation gets worse than it already is , then somebody will have to seriously work out a medium-term plan on what to do if the russians get serious . 
  [ they already cut some gas lines heading to hungary through ukraine ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/emergingeurope/2014/05/06/mol-confirms-russian-cut-in-oil-flow-to-hungary-via-ukraine-says-no-big-impact/ ) the majority of the `` eastern '' eu is still too much at the mercy of russians , curbing its ability to openly voice concerns regarding ukraine or condemn russia . 
  the ep is too busy squabbling over the elections and the people of member states underestimate this problem 's importance which they may experience very , very soon . 
  the ec - and most importantly the president - should take this up as its flagship problem . 
  now what do all those countries have in common ... 
   two recent burglaries had put mr. kaarma and his young family on edge , his lawyer said , and he grabbed a shotgun from the dining room and rushed outside . 
  this man head every right to use deadly force . 
  exchange student or not , the boy definitely knew that what he was doing was illegal and wrong . 
  he also should 've known that montana is a state known for popular gun use . 
  he has nobody to blame but himself and his retarded friends . 
  at first i thought by `` swoboda '' op meant the nationalist party in ukraine . 
  that would 've been a hilarious article to read :d, 
  oh thank god, 
  is that something we do now ? 
  i remember that , growing up , whenever i ( in hungary ) told someone my family would be spending our yearly vacation days in yugoslavia , it 'd be a pretty big deal . 
  it was like some kind of semi-west for us . 
  and the funny part is that hungary fared pretty `` well '' compared to other countries in the region and it was still a shocking difference when we saw yugoslavia . 
  we were allowed $ 70 per person and really good rakija was only equal to .50 $ fuckin hated communism , but damn that was some cheap goodness !, 
  0:32 ca n't exclude the trabant haha,
