  there are two major groups : one which wants russian intervention , and one which wants nobody there . 
  i think this needs to be taken into account . 
  i think nato should n't make a move until there 's clear evidence for the idea that the majority of ukrainians actually want their help . 
  otherwise it might just turn into an afghanistan in which otherwise-warring factions unite just to oppose the west ( notably the us ) . 
  it 's a bit daft of an outlook , but i think it 's not something we can overlook . 
  hmm , which states are you thinking of ? 
  tough idea to push past the states which want to hold onto the last bit of sovereignty they have . 
   this does n't have to involve the us given the eu combined armies is of a similar magnitude to the us . 
  are we thinking of the same eu ? 
  because the one i know has no combined army . 
  it has battle groups donated by individual countries . 
  however , these groups are incapable of joint military action in areas that are n't third world african countries with practically no military . 
  ukraine is n't the eu 's responsibility . 
  all the eu can do is attempt to look like a big boy while it silently begs the us to head a mission like it did in the 90s during the yugoslav wars . 
  there is n't remotely enough cohesion among eu member states , when it comes to military , to launch a uniform campaign . 
  i personally do n't think the us should do anything . 
  why ? 
  because the world loves to blame america for everything when it does invade countries which are otherwise under dictatorship . 
  this may sound selfish and inhumane , but let the world remember what it 's really like if people cry for help and the us does n't answer . 
  trust me , i 'm hungarian , we know what that shit feeling is like . 
  no , no , no europe - the `` imperialist '' us wo n't give a shit about your problem this time , and you 'll get to see how successful it is when ukraine is re-incorporated into russia . 
  let 's remind the world that , with the us 's faults here and there , what evil some other countries truly are capable of ... 
  it 's go time !, 
  it would be good in the sense that crisis management would be more successful . 
  i believe that if there was a united states of europe , the eurozone crisis would 've - if not been avoided - handled much faster through a united and hierarchical fiscal policy . 
  we would also have a capable military so that the rest of the world would stop laughing at us . 
  on the other hand , there would have to be a single leader of the union . 
  there are no 27 presidents of the united states of america . 
  this idea that each state has equal power in the executive simply does n't work for a federation . 
  there has to be a hierarchy , which is clearly defined on the other side of the atlantic . 
  when somebody asks , `` who 's the leader of the usa ? '', 
  people know it 's currently obama , whether they like him or not . 
  when someone asks , `` who 's the leader of the eu ? '', 
  it would be hard to point to a single figure since even the president of the commission has his hands tied 90 % of the time . 
  it 's simple : nobody wants to risk having such a us-based hierarchy , because then each individual state will rise up except for the one where the figure came from . 
  i personally would n't want a use , but if it were to happen , it would have to be based on a strict system of hierarchy , especially in the executive . 
  otherwise , nobody will take the eu seriously . 
  hungary : our military forces , just like our glorious defensive line during soccer matches , are ` on the way ' . 
  the ukrainians made a terrible mistake by letting yanukovich escape to russia . 
  i 'm not all for the movement , but if the protesters already won ( partially ) then they should 've kept him within ukraine . 
  take it from a hungarian : a pro-russian man name matyas rakosi escaped persecution of communists in hungary in the 30s by fleeing to the soviet union . 
  after the war , he was put in government by the spviets . 
  what resulted was hungary 's worst decade in its millenium-long statehood ukraine made a pretty big mistake . 
  if this guy returns , abandon all hope , ye ' who did n't support him ... 
  here we go again : the french acting all macho when a third world country with practically no capable military force is on the other end . 
  this is france trying to overcome its shadow of white flags everywhere . 
  without a doubt . 
  if they had any kind of a brain , they 'd know how much potential for power a situation like this could present to a small party . 
  but they 're retards . 
  the one time of the year we hold some kind of power in romania :d, 
  this translates to : america , you just might be needed again ... sorry ... 
  oh god , not this again ... quick , protect what little land we have left !, 
  it was only a matter of time . 
  classic communist tactic : remove those unwilling to crack down on protests with force ( the military chief who yanukovich removed in this case ) , and go in hard . 
  meanwhile , the eu shows the world yet again that it is incapable of carrying out military or humanitarian missions anywhere except for third-world countries which do n't even possess militaries . 
  this could be a deciding moment for the eu in determining its fate as a political entity , only to fail slowly , just like it did during the yugoslav tragedies . 
  let ukraine 's situation be yet another reminder to those countries which seek to further ties with russia ( i 'm kind of aiming this at my own state ) : russia never gives anything for free . 
  infiltration , infiltration , infiltration - that is how russia goes about its business in our world . 
  it 's how it has been for a century and how it will be in the future . 
  my condolences to the families of the victims , protesters and riot police alike . 
  wait , so you 're someone who voted against immigration ? 
  if that 's the case , then well done . 
  do n't let your country go down the same path the uk and germany did . 
  not worth it . 
   ukrainian cigarette smuggler tried to use fake diplomatic plates on his car when entering the country . 
  it just would n't be a regular week in hungary if a ukrainian would n't try to smuggle cigarettes across the border :d, 
  the eu should push for ukraine 's recognition of an independent land of ruthenians . 
  just so we could finally get the transcarpathian region back :d, 
  political parties ? 
  since the 2010 elections , there are four-five main parties . 
  fidesz-kdnp ( centre-right coalition ) , mszp/dk/e14 ( centre-left coalition ) , jobbik ( far-right ) , lmp ( centrist green party ) . 
  these are the mainstream parties , but the only two which actually made it through the years are fidesz and mszp . 
  as far as hungarian dishes go , ruskyandrei pretty much hit the nail on the head . 
  hungary : - food : glorious - mountains : virtually none - you do n't hear alpine skiers coming to hungary for training - women : gorgeous - politics : classic post-communist european situation . 
  half the people have no idea what 's going on . 
  the other half are dissatisfied with virtually all of the parties the country has to offer . 
  - nightlife : budapest definitely has one of the best nightlife scenes on the continent . 
  this is helped by the fact that the busiest tram and bus lines run all night , so nobody 's discouraged from staying out too late . 
  in the countryside , it 's the usual : one or two pubs per village , open til 9-10 . 
  - public safety : the eastern third of the country has more crime rates than the central/western regions ( many villages in the east are populated by gypsies ; i 'm not trying to sound racist , it 's merely statistics ) . 
  budapest is safer than your average european city , though it obviously has shady spots . 
  - balaton : our `` sea '' . 
  bigass lake with non-stop parties in the cities on the southern side ( siofok being the most popular ) . 
  mixed with family-friendly villages . 
  hungary in a nutshell . 
  will you be sent to jail for this ? 
  well , i do n't know much about contemporary - or even past - romanian politicians . 
  are transylvanians as a whole looked down upon for their politics ? 
  wait , are ponta and basescu from transylvania ? 
  you place a lot of blame on rmdsz for autonomy not accelerating . 
  so did not saying anything work ? 
  were romanians naturally going to say the region should be autonomous ? 
  saying that `` because your representatives were scumbags , the movement fell through '' - type argument is not fair , since ultimately the community was n't helped by the romanian government either way . 
   that is why a bigger autonomous region would be the best solution i 'm not sure what you mean here . 
  i bigger region would entail romanian-populated counties as well . 
  the transylvanian romanians i spoke to do n't want autonomy at all ; they label that a hungarian-only movement in the region . 
  or is that not the case ( i 've only spoken to 3 romanians ) ? 
  well i ca n't attest to how corruption among politicians is in romania , since we really only pay attention to matters which actually affect the hungarian community . 
  only thing i heard is that one of the ex pm 's was sentenced to prison . 
  i heard about that because afterwards there were minor protests in budapest demanding the same be done with some of our ex-pms :d rmdsz is a difficult case , because they 're corrupt but the only choice for hungarian unity , which matters a great deal to transylvanian hungarians .
