  i imagine by that time most of the post-communist states will have worked off a lot of their setbacks so braindrains would have hopefully been avoided . 
  that could be done . 
  but for that you 'd need to create an integrated system of taxation across the eu . 
  i ca n't imagine a scenario in which any of the western , scandinavian , or east-central european member states would be okay with that . 
  the uk already complains about contributing far more than what it gets in return , and integrating taxation would cause most of the states to leave . 
  i do n't support the freedom of movement of workers ; in fact , i believe it is one of the largest nails in the eu 's coffin ( not that it 's dying ) . 
  i 'm hungarian , so it ca n't be said that i 'm a selfish western european racist who hates other nationalities . 
  the free movement of workers would n't be a problem if movement would be roughly equal in all directions . 
  but it 's not . 
  it 's clearly not . 
  at least 300,000 hungarians went westward in the past decade or so in search of jobs and better lives . 
  however , we did n't in return get 300,000 french or british immigrants looking for better lives . 
  it 's obviously an east-to-west situation and it creates animosity between the `` west '' eu member states and their `` eastern '' counterparts . 
  there is a brain drain going on here , with doctors leaving each year because they could make the same salary as janitors in germany . 
  that removes the hungarian workforce , which in turn involuntarily sabotages the country 's welfare system . 
  hungary is by no means wealthy , but its welfare system ( notably health care ) is flawless . 
  but that 's because there 's a 27 % vat ( highest in the eu , i think ) and workers pay a lot of taxes on income . 
  hungary already has a 35 % retired population , and each worker leaving hurts the system more . 
  we do n't reproduce like rabbits so it 's difficult to look past 300,000 workers leaving in 10 years when trying to care for the retired population . 
  i finished my education last year and never thought of leaving , because i know there are jobs when people are willing to start with much lower than what they expected . 
  i heard it all : family issues , monetary issues , security issues . 
  i 'm no exception to those , but i knew that my leaving would hurt the pensioners ( who worked their whole lives to earn the help they may lose someday ) as well as the next generation . 
  i started with a menial position and now , a year later , a have a steady pay from which my family and i can subsist . 
  i 'm by no means rich , but my chance of becoming so one day has not been eliminated . 
  i love travelling across state borders , but that 's due to schengen , not the free movement of labor . 
  i will support schengen til the day i die , but i think the free movement of labor was a huge mistake because the return on investment is not a two-way street . 
  western european states are being bombarded with immigrants who may or may not be willing to integrate and welfare tourists , while eastern european states ( or at least hungary ) are losing their workforce , leaving behind pensioners who are getting screwed over because they will eventually get less of what they were guaranteed a few decades ago . 
  if there were no socio-economic disparities between the `` east '' and `` west '' eu , i 'd say the free movement of labor is a fine thing . 
  in reality , however , i think it does more damage than good . 
  i would prefer a confederation . 
  they are not self-righteous at all ... 
   a beautiful beach hungary or slovakia . 
  nice man . 
  sms vote here . 
  wanted to spread the score by one vote since i found all of the known parties to no longer be competent enough to represent us on the european level . 
  i mean i know fidesz , jobbik and mszp will do best but i did n't want to contribute to that three-headed monster 's creation . 
  it 's interesting to see that the dark orange region in the western half is labeled `` poor '' . 
  can anyone explain this ? 
  i thought the areas that were closer to germany were much better off than areas by the ukrainian/belarussian border . 
  you 're right , there was no german feeling 200 years ago , and it would be cool to forge an american-like attitude towards identity . 
  you forget one thing , however . 
  both the modern german and american identities were hardened by massive bloodshed . 
  before the american civil war , sectionalism was constant in american politics and life . 
  georgians looked at themselves as georgians first , americans second . 
  the country 's worst war had to be fought to turn that around , yet its remnants even exist today , 150 years later . 
  the german identity was solidified by invading france twice , in 1870 and 1914 . 
  it was only after these bloody conflicts that identity was solidified in these two states . 
  thus , if you want to see a european identity which surpasses nationality in our lifetime , you should start hoping for a war to erupt . 
  i love the `` german '' and `` american '' arguments . 
  their proponents unfortunately forget that these identities were forged as the result of the deaths of tens of thousands of people . 
  the idea is noble , but we should remember that students are already being loaded with more and more coursework each year to stay afloat in the global context . 
  there is only so much that can be taught in a seven-hour schoolday . 
  thus we have to prioritize just what exactly our kids should learn . 
  when i was in school we learned about the many important events and actors of european history . 
  if someone is genuinely interested in learning about the danish people or denmark 's history , they will find the proper motivation to look it up on the internet - they do n't even have to go to a library anymore , so it 's super convenient . 
  we 've `` shamefully disregarded for many years the creation of a european feeling within our peoples , '' because there was no united europe for 95 % of its history . 
  it 's not anything to be embarrassed about , because every problem can be solved . 
  however , going out of our way today to make it seem like we 've always cared for each other and always got along is just lying to ourselves and those around us , since that was not the case for centuries . 
  it 's not too late to create a `` european feeling , '' but i do n't believe we will ever see a situation in which it 'll surpass the majority of europeans ' view of their nationality 's importance . 
  context ? 
  it 's crazy how plain and one-sided the score looks , when compared to how the match actually went . 
  [ i ca n't tell if it 's british exactly , but this thing has been posted here at least 5 times in the past three days . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diral6lig7c ), 
  so the french and dutch governments asked the french and dutch people for approval , and did n't get it ? 
  that 's not democratic deficit as far as the eu is concerned . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly you mean by majority electorate approval . 
  the `` majority electorate '' did , in fact , approve it . 
  france and the netherlands rejected the constitution treaty , but the treaty of lisbon was ratified by all member states ( though ireland had to go through two referenda for it ) . 
  wow , you really need to get technical butthurt because i used the term eu instead of eec ? 
  if charles de gaulle would n't have undermined the european effort where he could for almost two decades , it would 've been far better off today , at least in terms of `` confidence '' . 
  i mean there are extremely few cases where everyone agrees on all terms of a piece of paper . 
  if you look at the french , they 've been sabotaging eu efforts for 50 years now . 
  that asshole de gaulle began with blocking british entry and then forcing the empty chair crisis on the council . 
  that 's why it now has qualified-majority voting on most issues ( it used to be unanimity vote ) . 
  the point is that while unanimity is a great thing to stride for , since it then completes everyone 's hopes , it ca n't be demanded - or even expected - of democracies . 
  but then the question stands : should large ( con ) federations be held back by the contradictory wishes of a state or two ? 
  it 's a pretty complex question , since the concepts of democracy and tyranny of the majority will always be at each other 's throats . 
  i do n't believe the eu should be a federation , but i also know that unanimity is virtually impossible to reach regarding most issues , except maybe for pension and environment-related topics . 
  yes , the treaty of lisbon was largely pushed onto the states , but that at least slightly eroded the democratic deficit . 
  the next treaty in my opinion will be about federalization , because that seems to be the general trend nowadays . 
  the eu leadership is simply waiting for the several current crises to be over - though this is speculative of course . 
  i do n't think the democratic deficit is acceptable , but i do n't think it 's the treaties that represent the concept . 
  my problem revolves are the parliament , council , and commission . 
  the parliament does n't actually have the power to initiate legislation which is a gigantic no-no for me , because that means that the only democratically-elected institution of the eu does n't have the power to carry out the will of its constituents through its own will . 
  ironic that they think the us is behind the `` fascist '' coup in the western half of ukraine , while they unveil a flag like that . 
  it 's actually kind of oddly-funny . 
  0:50 what is the guy doing lol, 
  the story of the girl sounded like something out of a dickensian work . 
  so you 're saying you like a common currency , central bank , open borders , common military , and a popularly-elected president . 
  that is a description of a country . 
  for all of these to be properly enforced , there would have to be a powerful executive , which the european commission - though everyone complains of being too powerful - is n't . 
  for the us to regulate its currency , the federal government sets up quotas and limits on printing , borrowing etc. 
  the eu ca n't explicitly do everything like that because countries have differing fiscal policies . 
  if the eu would set a standard of any sorts that may seem acceptable to germany might prove fatal to bulgaria . 
  there is too wide of a range in socio-economic policies in eu states for there to be a single `` federal '' system to keep everything in check like in the us . 
  open borders are a result of the schengen agreement which is independent of the eu . 
  switzerland is part of schengen , but not the eu for example . 
  regardless how the eu 's future turns out , the schengen area can be around forever . 
  as for a popularly-elected president goes , this year you will vote for president of the european commission for the first time . 
  i know it 's not the same as its american counterpart ( if it can be called that ) , but that 's as close as we 're going to get to it in the next 50 years .
