  however , one of the habits the us has is to stick around after the invasion to make sure the procedure was worth its time , which is a fair demand . 
  since the war , however , the us has been locked into its self-created role of world police . 
  ukraine is a member of the partnership for peace program of nato . 
  the program itself is more symbolic than practical - let alone binding - but it shows that nato member states ( notably the us ) began placing interest in the given state . 
  thus , while nato is officially merely a mutual defense pact , becoming a partner of it has many more effects in the long run . 
  thus , while a full-scale invasion would n't be justified in terms of nato use , the us may just judge the situation as it did 60 years ago : i either help them now , or will have to invade them in ten years because they 'll be overrun . 
  the love-hate analogy is partially true , but most europeans subconsciously have to be happy about nato membership because , if they were n't , nothing would keep them from being next on russia 's hitlist . 
  it 's very easy to complain about the us when it does something immoral like iraq or afghanistan . 
  but it 's only so easy for ( western in some cases ) europeans because they had the pillow known as the us to land on when they fell for decades now . 
  but that also allows the us to maximize its efficiency by spying on them if need be . 
  as history shows us , it 's not exactly without reason . 
  correct as far as london goes . 
  london is one of two financial capitals of the world , the other being new york ( since - in a conservative aspect - tokyo , paris and beijing are still considered regional centers in the grand scheme of things ) . 
  but as far as the rest go , american cities are n't really comparable to european ones , practically or aesthetically . 
  boston is the only large american city which still somewhat retains european architecture . 
  american cities are financial/industrial capitals whereas european cities have those aspects with the additional important factor of being cultural centers . 
  if you go to american cities , you will find very few cultural factors or institutions . 
  they just were n't planned to serve the same purposes . 
  nooooooo , simon was the man . 
  the russian roulette series is probably the greatest source for viewing the inner workings of the ukrainian crisis and it was made all the better by him being ukrainian by birth , thus being able to navigate the regions in the most efficient way . 
  now they 're going to replace him with some twat . 
  if simon is released , he should get some serious award because he did an excellent job , regardless of the outcome of the crisis . 
  got conservatives as well . 
  luckily for us , our preference of color completely solves the problem of finding an appropriate political party on our own . 
  boy , was that a close one !, 
  ** hungary ** we love them . 
  historic friendship - we shared kings at one point in the 16th ( ? ), 
  century . 
  they are the one single ethnic group from the region whom we do n't feel any resentment towards ( though croats also fill that description so i guess there 's two ) . 
  it 's the shared history really . 
  both states knew what it was like to be losers in the past 300 years . 
  joined nato and eu together , members of visegrad group ; yeah i 'd say hungarians really like poles , 
  hungarian . 
  it 's not even like a `` hungarian first , european second '' - type situation . 
  we do n't really say that since we 've been acknowledged as european for a thousand years . 
  citizens of the eu ? 
  that 's a different thing . 
  that comes after hungarian . 
   it is almost impossible to have a discussion if you do n't agree with the hive mind here . 
  i do n't think it was ever really like that , at least not since i joined . 
  people are rarely - if ever - willing to change their minds on political matters over the internet . 
  it was kind of always a yelling contest , with each side hoping to have more supporters than opponents . 
  i do think it 's pretty messed up , but i do n't think it 's a recent phenomenon . 
  clearly 0dpm ( democracies per minute ), 
  we can all come up with cool phrases to be remembered by . 
  -- morpheus voice -- `` what if i told you the cold war never truly ended ? '', 
  is it just me , or is it highly unusual for lavrov to come up with a plan like this ? 
  it seems so shady . 
  i think lavrov knows the protesters wo n't just voluntarily vacate the buildings . 
  thus , if ukraine wants them back , it 'll have to go in by force , potentially resulting in a bloodbath . 
  that could of course give russia the moral incentive to `` save russians , '' practically a similar approach to the crimean situation . 
  basically , lavrov could 've just said it to make it seem like russia is on board with a peaceful solution while expecting violence in order to justify a russian invasion . 
  or this whole thing could just be 21st century central european paranoia on my part :d, 
  i thought moldovan reunification has a lot of traction in romania 0 __ o, 
  why not let transnistria join russia ? 
  it 's a tiny sliver of moldova and , by the looks of it , russia is willing to invade an entire state just for pockets of russian populations . 
  the moldovan government lost de facto rule over the region years ago . 
  if they want safety , they should let transnistria go , leave the cis and hold a referendum statewide about reuniting with romania . 
  if they vote for it , the country will be saved as it would become nato territory . 
  this is probably the 30th time someone posted about this in the past month . 
  and the answer is still highly likely no . 
  sounds to me more like provocation . 
  someone obviously put up a few leaflets and tried to make it look like it was the `` government '' of this so-called people 's republic . 
  i ca n't speak strictly on behalf of wizz air , but common sense would dictate that they make it so you check in separately before each flight . 
  i fly a few times per year , but with a month or two between the inbound / outbound flights so i guess it 's not exactly the same situation as yours . 
  but i do n't think there is a huge difference between the two as far ad checking in goes . 
  i always have to check in before each flight , either online or in person . 
  i doubt it will be different for you since it would n't make sense for them to ask you to check in at the other airport when you 're not even there yet . 
  i guess it depends on what you mean by independence day . 
  our biggest holiday is august 20 , but that 's the day of the foundation of the state in ad 1000 . 
  so it 's not really independence from another entity , but more like independence from non-existence :d, 
  nice try , russian media !, 
  i never thought my opinion of russians could have been any lower . 
  i was wrong . 
  ... did they have trust in him to begin with ? 
  this song holds a lot of sentiments of younger hungarians , but probably wo n't hold much value to others , since a lot of it is in the lyrics . 
  [ oh-oh ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/009/994/foreboding-gandalf.jpg ), 
  lol 4:37 `` welp , better close up shop for the day . '', 
  awesome . 
  more `` local militia '' which wo n't know where city hall is located . 
  is n't it great typing to people in both english and hungarian ? 
  i feel like not a lot of us can do that :d, 
  yup, 
  haha no , nothing of the sort . 
  russia does want hungary out of the eu . 
  here 's how jobbik came into contact with the russians : originally , it had nothing to do with the putin regime . 
  it began as a democratic forum among hungarian college students . 
  only three or four years later did it get hijacked by what would become its current leadership . 
  the jobbik leadership is more stupid than malevolent ( not that it absolves them of anything ) . 
  they get money from russia because they think russia will help hungary become a truly-sovereign nation by separating it from the eu . 
  not once has it turned up in their minds that russia would then just engulf hungary . 
  they believe hungary can get by in the 21st century without picking teams , like switzerland and austria . 
  now if we could just achieve their credit ratings ... 
  the point is , nobody aside from them stands for that . 
  the overwhelming majority of hungarians still ca n't stand russia - not only for what they did to us , but also for what they did in the war with the poles for example . 
  jobbik will either acclimate itself to moderation or will ultimately remain a party on the periphery . 
  we have three national holidays , two of which have to do with fighting against russians ( one of them only indirectly - the austrians were the main antagonists of that one ) . 
  nobody aside from these insane fucks wants to have anything to do with russia . 
  however , i should also include the current pm in the group , `` insane fucks '' . 
  not his party though , so too bad they do n't have the balls to sack him .
