  if there was a single position , then the largest countries would always be filling that position . 
  most voters would just vote for their own states to guarantee their own interests ' priority . 
  sad , but i 'd say at least half of the eu 's citizens do n't think of the union before their own state , and you ca n't blame them after 2000 years of bloodshed . 
  as for the military , i wrote about it in other threads , but i 'm too lazy to find it : / anyways , long story short , you would need a strict system of hierarchy to assure the military 's fluid and efficient performance . 
  and some states will have problems with handing such authority over to a non-citizen . 
  based on this line , it can be seen that you obviously know nothing about this subject . 
  i know this subreddit is overpopulated by romanians and people who do n't like to address historic injustices , but regardless how many downvote warriors there are , the inconvenient truth of the situation can not be ignored . 
  hungarians reached the region that is zakkarpatia , ukraine today in ad895 . 
  german settlers only began to be imported by saint stephen starting in ad 1000 . 
  jews arrived a few centuries later as merchants and financiers . 
  you should just acknowledge the fact that you 're wrong now , or keep digging a deeper grave for your arguments . 
  germans and jews migrated to hungary when it was already hungary and they knew the laws . 
  hungarians in ukraine were stranded there because of a piece of paper from 1920 . 
  huge difference . 
  11 million spanish speaking latinos in the us are not my concern , since i 'm not american . 
  the hungarians of ukraine did not voluntarily migrate to ukraine . 
  they were living there for centuries , and were forced to be separate from their homeland since 1919 . 
  that 's not their fault and thus they do deserve their own special autonomous region as a form of compensation for this historic injustice . 
   the eu commission should be abolished/merged into the european parliament . 
  people have brought that up before , but that always raises the possibility of an eventual tyranny of the majority-type situation ( larger states teaming up or lord knows what ) . 
  by the way i totally forgot to add this : the ep should , by god , have the power to initiate legislation . 
  the eu is the world 's laughing stock because its own parliament ca n't actually initiate laws . 
  i know 200,000 does n't seem like much in a country of 45 million , but it 's their right to handle their unique issues efficiently . 
  and if that can only be done through autonomous government , then what 's the problem ? 
  it would be everybody , including the kiev government , to let the hungarian regions have autonomous rule because then they would be more content and eventually more loyal towards ukraine . 
  because , right now - trust me - , if ukraine were to be engulfed by russia , the hungarian community there would not even lift a finger to save it . 
  hungarian , english and some french . 
  the current form of the eu . 
  i do n't think most eurosceptics are against european integration , because we all know , and have come to fear , what happens when germany and france ca n't get along . 
  the problem is that the eu is clearly headed towards a federalized state ( the `` use '' ) , which i do n't like . 
  i do n't think we have to become a federation for things to work out well in the long run . 
  it does , however , seem to be inevitable . 
  if we are to force the issue , i would start reform by making the council to be elected through popular vote , like the senate of the americans is . 
  currently , each state gets one council member , usually a foreign minister appointed from the states . 
  i think each state should get two members and they 'd be elected directly . 
  this is to reduce the democratic deficit which has plagued the eu for decades . 
  the eu is a great idea in my opinion . 
  it has managed to keep the continent , relatively , at peace . 
  my state should only , however , remain a member within until the last bit of sovereignty states have is eroded away . 
  i do n't like this sneaky , slow disappearance of national power while eu politicians maintain that `` the eu is not a federation '' . 
  there should be a drastic , one-step vote for a new treaty to see what 's what . 
  a treaty about making the eu into a federation . 
  the people should know that that 's the ultimate goal and that it 's happening . 
  member states will individually decide either to stay or leave , but that the eu would become a federation . 
  i do n't have a problem with certain states and eu bureaucrats pushing for a federation ; if they want that , then that 's fine . 
  but citizens of member states should n't be pigeonholed into a situation in which they became members of a federation without even realizing , let alone consenting to , such an action . 
  there never is a right time for autonomy . 
  the new kiev government shares power between moderates and neo-fascists . 
  while i personally deplore the putin faction , they are correct in the sense that the right sector is a neo-fascist organization . 
  how do i know ? 
  because we have our own version called jobbik . 
  we know a neo-fascist organization when we see one , and ... that worries me . 
  these guys vandalized hungarian memorials and assaulted hungarians for speaking their language . 
  they 're bad news for everyone who is n't born an ethnic ukrainian in ukraine . 
  and with the eastern regions fired up , they ( right sector ) assumed control over many western regions even though they were n't voted in . 
  they are just as bad as the russians on the other side , and minorities will pay for it in the end if right sector becomes more powerful . 
  when is the time ever okay for that ? 
  when was kiev ever like `` hey , let 's talk about autonomy now , we want to hear more about that '' ? 
  this is a legitimate call . 
  while hungarians do not constitute a majority in zakkarpatia , their unique set of problems could be better solved through self-government . 
  the recent repealing of the local minority language law is especially worrying , as it was one of the first actions of the new ukrainian government , even though there were obviously far more serious issues . 
  while the law obviously targeted russians , hungarians became a casualty group of the situation as did poles and romanians living in western ukraine . 
  edit : i do n't care if the reddit downvote army arrived . 
  ** hungary ** it can get pretty bad , but it used to be much worse to be honest . 
  there is a rivalry between two historic teams , ferencv\u00e1ros and \u00dajpest , and the rundown used to be as follows : whichever team lost , the ultras of the away team would trash the area on their way out . 
  i remember sometime in 2002 or 2003 , several subway stations could not be used because they were all trashed vehemently by ultras ( most of budapest 's major teams ' stadiums are located along subway lines ) . 
  it has , however , been dying down in the last few years . 
  the government really stepped up with security ; at rivalry games , several thousand riot police stand at the ready , and form a barricade around the ultras of the away team once the game is over , escort them like sheep to subways/buses/trains , and wait for them to leave before the home fans can leave the stadium . 
  i do n't know why that has n't been thought of before ; it seems to be working . 
  so it used to be much worse than it is now . 
  of course not the level of brasil where people die after games , but pretty bad in terms of vandalism . 
  that 's a rational sum-up of the situation . 
  haha , visit [ r/polandball ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/ ) my friend . 
  comes up pretty often . 
  meanwhile , the economy [ jumps 3.5 % ] ( http://www.politics.hu/20140515/economy-grows-3-5-in-q1/ ) in q1 , 2013 . 
  keep the drivel coming , scheppele !, 
  hipster hungary per usual, 
  the right to self-determination . 
  silly gypsies . 
  this why you will never of into schengen . 
  [ here is a definition from our trusty colleagues at urban dictionary . 
  ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=couric ), 
  ooooh , i see now what you did there , 
  haha no it 's a unit of measurement in the ever-green show , south park . 
  it 's because hungarians were living there for 900 years and were involuntarily separated from their home country , unlike in the us where hungarians moved voluntarily within the past 150 years . 
  in ukraine , nationalists constantly vandalize hungarian memorials , unlike in the us where such an act is unthinkable . 
  apples and oranges man . 
  `` we stopped slavery '' died, 
  not sure what the house of terror reference is supposed to mean here, 
  correction : conchita tops the russian itunes download chart . 
  username of relevant ? 
  you rang ? 
  oh my god are you still stuck on that one statement ??? 
  move along and look at the rest of the content of the message !, 
  this is n't a thread as a whole is n't about hungary 's wealth . 
  seriously , what the hell is your problem ? 
  it was n't a stupid point to raise , because hungarians before the war - and especially before the soviets - had a standard of living not much worse than western europeans . 
  after the soviets came , however , we were held back 45 years which we are still struggling to come out of . 
  in all honesty , forgive me dear polish friends , but i thought the song itself was a tragedy . 
  it was a polish version of something lil kim and gwen stefani 's lovechild would come up with .
