[ oh yes . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_jamtland ), 
  fuck the west , and the east !, 
  the north will be victorious !, 
  yeah i agree . 
  the one oex showed is a bit too close to the finnish flag . 
  should n't the 1000 crown note have an oil rig on it ? 
   i really like the motifs on the front , but back is just . . eh . 
  and my axe . 
  our city now . 
  on my home island in the archipelago , quite far out into the sea , a british battleship was moored in the straight between two islands , once of which my family 's farm is located , and lived off the populace in the villages there . 
  caused a lot of problems for the locals who had to starve . 
  that 's why america is a republic . 
  no monarch = no way to lose !, 
  actually , they did !, 
  though you were part of the russian empire at the time . 
  during crimean war they attacked [ bomarsund ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_bomarsund ) with the british . 
  the british harassed the archipelago quite a bit , not sure to what extent the french did that though . 
  this was during the kalmar union though , so it was n't really an invasion as much as internal struggle within the union . 
  it was first after this sweden broke from it when gustav vasa became king . 
  eastland !, 
  so long time since i saw that one , but it did n't really make the same impression on me as kopps did . 
  welsh ? 
  oooh danes getting beaten up ? 
  what a joyous occasion . 
   no matter the reason though , this looks very neat , going to check it out . 
  they walked a rather fine line after the second world war , much due to the peace treaty they signed with the soviet union . 
  joining nato would have been very unwise at the time . 
  until now there has n't really been any reason to join a military pact either . 
  yet what i could see , norway is spent 1.4 % in 2013 , going down from 1.6 % ? 
  and denmark steadily on 1.4 % of the gdp . 
  i do n't like the idea of intertwining with either us or russia , so nato agreements make me feel quite uneasy . 
  especially since swedish politicians have a tendancy to reduce the national defence to bare bone minimum as fast as they feel a safe and cozy , being able to call on other nations to do their dirty work for them will make them feel very very warm and safe . 
  if one is to go by lyrics and history , i 'll have to go with the [ french one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piqseq6tevs ) . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  op linked montenegros , and that one sounds better to me , but it 's lyrics or history is n't nearly as good . 
  they used footage from the movie titanic in their [ propaganda ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/1560042/russian-arctic-images-from-titanic.html ) a few years ago too , one 'd think that they had learned by now . 
  hey !, 
  . . satan is just misunderstood . . 
  at least this jesus statue got to go to burger king . 
  closest you get to raiding monasteries these days , i suppose . 
  now you know your table is a communist . 
   first off the swedish military was extremely weak in 1939 , after wwi we had started to disarm our military , we would n't have stood a chance in a german invasion . 
  well , sweden did rather rapidly start to rebuild the armed forces as the situation got worse . 
  1936 the military budget was $ 36 million , 1937 it was $ 50 million and by 1938 it was $ 58 million . 
  1939 , $ 322 million , peaking at about $ 528 million in 1942 . 
  in addition conscription and training was in full motion . 
  i 'd say that in 1939 the swedish armed forces were strong enough to dissuade an invasion from the other parties , as well as enforce it 's neutrality ( something norway did not have the funds or manpower to do , see ; altmark incident ) . 
  the imperialist lifestyle comes with some drawbacks . 
  well bj\u00f6rkris is technically more what it is , rather than what it is called in that scenario . 
  my relatives call it bj\u00f6rkris though , not bastukvast . 
  or bj\u00f6rkris if you end up in swedishspeaking finland . 
  and if you did n't beat yourself with birch branches , it was n't proper . 
  i still fail to see how his agenda is relevant to the thread . 
  what ever his reasons might be , the article is still the relevant part of the thread , not ops ideological beliefs . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  thread is about the article from washington post , not the op himself . 
  this was quite some time ago . 
  it was quite some time ago , might be that conditions are different now than then . 
  this was my friends account of it , after which he declared he 'd never fly with them again . 
  do mind that i wrote - properly - fastened , as in it was n't completely secured for what ever reason . 
  if he meant that he could bend the seat backwards somewhat or if it rattled far more than others , i cant remember . 
  that is , he did n't go flying across the plane at takeoff , chair and all . 
  i just know that the seat was n't properly attached to the rest of the plane . 
  sorry if this post looks a bit messy , wrote from mobile . 
  got a friend who flew with aeroflot . 
  his seat was n't properly fastened to the floor . 
  the horror of being [ offended ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhmodt3nshs#t=3m26s ) !, 
  trondheim is ice free during winter due to the gulf stream , i am sure . 
  this is the case of murmansk and that port is way further north . 
  slightly unsure about narvik , but i am fairly certain ( since murmansk is further east ) this is the same case . 
  so np !, 
  well he wanted a worse name !, 
  never gon na give you up . . 
  probably easier just to snatch finnmark or trondheim from norway then . 
  and thus he is king . 
  even bandidos came !, 
  sardinia to switzerland !, 
  light hearted , nothing wrong with it . 
  had it been anyone else , no one would have been bothered . 
  oh he used medieval runes too , that 's good . 
  makes more sense since he certainly wrote it in swedish . 
  absolutely loved angela 's ashes . 
  only book i 've ever reread . 
  * candide * by voltaire is a good one too . 
  i actually did n't enjoy this book . 
  though initially enjoyable , i found that it quickly became very predictable , especially the humor and jokes that felt like they were on repeat . 
  it 's not a bad book , but i could n't be bothered to finish reading it . 
  if said people are all men , yeah usually . 
  at least among my friends . 
  girls tend to share beds all the time though . 
  well , norway does have very poor roads in many municipalities . 
  going from the boarder to oslo sure is odd since the road changes from single lane unlit road into massive highway and then back into the former mentioned . 
  its like old norse , just modern . 
  for a history nerd , that quickly ends up high on any `` favourite language '' list . 
  [ well , how about this then ? 
  ] ( http://ww2today.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/churchill-first-v-sign.jpg ), 
  there is a reason we are in the polish national anthem , you know !, 
  if one country needs a fix , every country needs a fix . 
  right ? 
  i 've hard time seeing the uk being on board with iceland joining the eu anyhow .
