  `` the eu is not passing any laws , nothing ever gets done ! '', 
  reading r/europe is such a roller coaster . 
  i was actually wondering if the whole ship just sailed empty , and the planes would just fly from russia to the coast by syria when it arrived , but that just sounds stupid . 
  `` two-systems ending in europe for pluralist parliament , american author unfamiliar with the concept calls death of europe , read all about it ! '' . 
  what a load of bull . 
  several european countries have had very pluralist parliaments for years , the temporary decline of centre-lift parties is nothing new , nor does it mean europe is in a mess . 
  in 10 years they will come back , and people will complain the decline of centre-right parties is destroying democracy . 
  somehow i thought it would have a bunch of planes on the deck . 
  are they all inside ? 
  do n't you call it ellada anyway ? 
  or are both the same ? 
  i do n't understand , a minor under the age of consent can not legally provide consent , so what are they intending to prove ? 
  even if the kid said yes to it , the law does not recognize it , so what are they trying to figure out , exactly ? 
  this . 
  the numerical majority of anarchists are linked to labour unions ( such as cnt ) and usually stick to labour disputes , or keep to themselves in small , many times old co-ops . 
  this no-borders nonsense is very fringe to the majority of the movement . 
  no , because most of these parties are also pretty authoritarian , and many times they also revolve around a cult of their respective leaders . 
  they also oppose any speech against them , so it 's a match made in heaven !, 
  old-school communist parties of europe ( unrelated to the green or newer socialist parties ) still have this bullshit idea that nothing russia does is bad , and everything europe does is ruthless imperialism !, 
  same happens in portugal , where stalinist apologist abounds amongt the communist party , and nobody dares to openly criticize north korea , or when they do , relativize it with yankee slavery or how merkel is a nazi . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  i said it 's on bbc news . 
  it is in bbc news . 
  the sinjar route is closed off by kurds , but they can simply go a bit through the desert and go around it , so i guess it 's not impossible . 
  but with all these planes flying around , i do wonder if they can actually survive it . 
  the guy made up a news story over something which erdogan did n't say . 
  there are no other sources over the claim , no reports , videos , or texts . 
  he made something up , got fired for it . 
  independence does not imply the ending of trade . 
  it might mean reduction , due to new tariffs or differing laws , but then again it also opens the door to new possibilities in europe and elsewhere . 
  there is gon na be a shift in trade , but it 's impossible to predict if it is good or bad , as we do n't know how new scottish laws will be , or how uk changes itself due to brexit . 
  the spanish ignored it , but did not block it , and has so far not taken any actual action against them . 
  the distinction is a bit unclear , also since the relations to scotland to the uk ( a crown union ) is legally different from catalunya - spain ( an autonomous region ) . 
  i do n't think the eu will do anything if westminster declares it illegal . 
  most likely the scottish will do so anyway , and if the uk ignores it the eu will not really do anything in return . 
  it has no reason , legally , to do so . 
  if westminster ignores the result of an illegal referendum then people can rightfully complain , but it is nothing out of the ordinary . 
  the only option for their action is if things get violent or if representatives get fired/arrested over it ( ie scottish mp 's get arrested for treason or something ) , which even in these times of tension is not something that can easily happen . 
  i mean , i hope not . 
  that 's exactly what they want . 
  bosnia existing is what stops them from uniting to serbia . 
  same with the croats , probably . 
  i 'm glad you decided to share the opinion of a random commenter from somewhere else on the internet . 
  his insight on the eussr is certainly bias-free and of a perfect gravitas that this subreddit needs . 
  except not ? 
  germany has initiated much deeper military cooperation with countries like netherlands , which now have mixed brigades , with battalions of both countries , and now the army headquarters with the french . 
  poland and the baltics also call for much deeper cooperation at a military level . 
  it seems only britain is making a fuss against any of this ... 
  as opposed to voters voting for ill-defined political platforms every 4 years ? 
  why do you assume everyone who claims to be left is a stalinist ? 
  do you just not understand the different aspects of left-wing ideologies or you just do n't bother to care ? 
  even in my country i see gigantic disagreements between different left-wing people regarding korea , colonialism , immigration , or whatever . 
  no , looking at posts on facebook does not mean you actually know what you are talking about . 
  regarding korea , again , that is a topic only a few idiots actually believe in , and they are mocked by most of the country , including many left-wing groups . 
   the far left is really looking forward to destroy european history , culture and society . 
  hyperbole much ? 
  they are removing a statue of a guy which is not that relevant to local barcelonan or catalunian history , whose actions themselves are severely misunderstood or not that well know , and replacing them with his victims ( thus actually revealing more of his actions and history ) . 
  because yes , colonialism and imperialism was also part of european history . 
  why is it illogical ? 
  or inversely , what logic is there to maintain the statues of people seen as detrimental to the people or country the statue is in ? 
  what motivates the ukrainian people to keep reminders in public of people who tried to remove them from history , or even participated in their genocide ? 
  is the occupation of western sahara discussed at all in morocco ? 
  how do you view it personally ? 
  do you identify as arab or berber ? 
  is berber a minority thing ? 
  what do you think about the spanish maintaining ceuta/melila ? 
  there 's alot of bars and restaurants in netherlands with a small corner for slot machines though , so it 's not just casinos . 
  i think you mean `` putin goes full ingsoc '' , orwell shared no ideology or support for this man 's politics . 
  but the dutch were third place , so they did qualify . 
   also the dutch are just bitter because they did n't even qualify while we won the whole thing . 
  well , how else would you differentiate it from all the other independent san marino 's running around ? 
  we did n't use our own because our own does not have proper helicopters , planes , and vehicles for that task , something which other european countries do , thus making their army support valuable in this situation . 
  that comment makes absolutely no sense . 
  so if we leave the eu , we can restart a colonial empire ? 
  is that what you 're implying ? 
  portugal went from tthe northernmost country of africa to a half-decent country with the eu , 2008-crisis notwithstanding . 
  we have gained much more than we could possibly have without the eu . 
  our country once had as its motto `` back turned to the world , proudly alone '' . 
  a nation of iliterate , starving peasants , many of whom got their first pair of shoes as army boots , as they were shipped to fight a colonial war in africa . 
  portugal has many problems currently , the eu is definetly not one of them . 
  blaming the euro for it is ignoring alot of factors though . 
  portugal was growing economically and receiving net positive emigration before 2008 . 
  life was more expensive but we were adjusting . 
  the biggest to blame for both currently would be the austerity policies which stifled growth and destroyed internal consumption ( and hey , increased debt through lower state income ) , the miserable managerial class which continues to treat workers and portugal 's economic ouput as a third-world country , and just plain old corruption , which makes many great sales and deals which benefit no-one but a few . 
  the euro made things slightly harder on some levels , it is nowhere near close enough to number one fault of the current portuguese status . 
  why does n't stiglitz talk about the disaster of fisheries and agricultural quotas and subsidies which killed portuguese agriculture ? 
  why does n't he blame the awful management of our banks , and their irresponsible leadership ( and subsequent bailouts ) ? 
  why does n't he blame the shitty corporate culture , the shitty pay and extremely high taxes which destroy internal spending , or the widespread corruption ? 
  blaming the euro is lazy . 
  if we go back to the escudo , none of the above issues will be solved . 
  does he think corruption , bad education system , and absolute lack of advanced industry and agriculture get solved if we adopt a shittier coin ? 
  i do n't blame you , it was actually what the article says , quite repetedly , and if you do n't know portuguese ( or did n't read the original news in portuguese ) , of course you would n't know , i just think it 's kinda shitty journalism of the newspaper to mix the two so blatantly . 
  there is no precedent on that , so it is impossible to guess whether leaving the eurozone is equivalent . 
  regardless of that ( and you may well be right ) my main point is that the guy did not say portugal should leave the eu point blank , which seems to be celebrated by many commenters here . 
  not to break anyone 's circlejerk , but the guy on the original interview referred to the euro , not the eu . 
  his issue is the single-currency , not the institution . 
  please keep your isolationist grubby hands out of us . 
   tip of the peninsula not part of the peninsula what ? 
  he 's implying that the version of ukraine shown on the map would exist if the bolsheviks did n't re-annex them in the russian civil war , so it is their `` fault '' the ukraine shown on his map does n't exist . 
  edit : do note that for most of the war , only the western half of the territory was actually controlled by the kiev government and the hetmanate , the east was divided between the whites , makhnovists , bolsheviks and cossack hordes .
