rosa luxembourg getting more love than the actual country , pretty cool . 
  what 's with all the summer 2015/2016 in the south ? 
  he did . 
  but then that means there are 0 yanks , so that 's even worse . 
  portugal had abysmal literacy rates , most of the population was poor , working as farmers , we had no relevant industry or technology , and our education was decades behind the rest of europe . 
  you 're pretty much talking out of your ass . 
  salazar took care of political opponents by having them assassinated ( such as humberto delgado ) , or sent to prisons in timor and cape verde . 
  he `` earned '' his position by blackmailing the government into giving it to him . 
  i am not entirely sure where you got any of that crap from . 
  because on the first days nobody knew who did it , or if it was intentional . 
  on the other hand , 9/11 was from the get go claimed by al quaeda , and used for propaganda purposes . 
  there was doubt on the first situation , and none on the second . 
  because calling a planned violent attack against civilian targets an `` accident '' means there is no one at fault , that it was isolated , or removed from a grander scheme of things . 
  it means nothing could be done to prevent it , or that it happened in a vacuum . 
  is also belittles those who died in the name of fanaticism . 
  so yes , it 's a big fucking deal . 
  i imagine you would not appreciate if she said the rotterdam blitz or the hunger of 44 was an `` accident '' . 
  the treaty explicitly states that it is a step toward integration in the preamble , and that ultimate ukraine-eu integration and even membership is a stated goal , so they are not wrong . 
  that is still different , however , from a direct eu membership treaty . 
  i think you have been mislead about what the dutch people think . 
  almost nobody here thinks the treaty is about eu membership . 
  am i proposing it ? 
  really ? 
  i said that historic forms of terrorism had immediate political or geographic goals , which once achieved made the groups obsolete ( such as the case of poland ) , i then compared to modern islamic extremism , especially isis , which has no such discernible goals , and the only end-game they seem to want is the mass conversion of everyone to their own brand of islam . 
  checking the way they have done so in iraq and syria , one can only assume to reach that goal a wave of mass murders and genocides would have to happen , as they already have . 
  i did not claim , much less `` propose '' kill half the muslim population . 
  i meant isis 's endgame is to kill half the fucking world . 
  no , and i 'm not sure where i said any of that . 
  well yeah , but that 's pretty much saying `` when half the world has been genocided '' . 
  that 's pretty fucked up compared to all other forms of historic terrorism . 
  to be fair those organizations had clear political goals ( an independent poland ) . 
  terrorism done in brussels has no aim or end game , but to kill all those who are different until conformity is achieved . 
  the moment poland became independent those organizations stopped . 
  when will islamic terrorism become obsolete ? 
   civil rights in the eu made the ira and eta a bit redundant . 
  britain did n't have civil rights in the 70 's and 80 's ? 
  spain did n't have civil rights in the 00 's ? 
  it 's an attack on a military target , during what can only be described as their independence war . 
  i assume they hope to get their own country/autonomy . 
  she is being tried in russia for a crime that allegedly happened in the ukraine , after she was kidnapped and dragged to russia . 
  people are not pissed because she is or not guilty , they 're pissed because of the above . 
  the treaty states that the collective of european laws regarding the exchange of goods , border regulation , safety standards etc. 
  have to be accepted in full by the ukraine , as well as new ones . 
  since the ukraine is not part of the eu , it means laws which affect their economy will be passed by foreigners , without representation . 
  that is undemocratic . 
  furthermore , if there are any legal conflicts arising from this treaty , any dispute will be decided by the european courts , which , according to the articles , have final say . 
  courts , which again , have no ukrainian representatives . 
  there are also arguments for how this treaty just makes the ukraine an economic colony , but your mileage may vary on this one . 
  and there is the part where some people simply support russia , and want to screw with the ukraine , but i doubt that is in no way any sizeable portion of voters . 
  in portugal , drug use and abuse went down after decriminalizing drugs . 
  what used to be drug dens which covered entire neighborhoods are all but gone . 
  spreading of aids related to drug use , and number of overdoses all went down with the softening of drug laws . 
  except not ? 
  piracy , extortion , and use of force outside the law is not exactly something new , nor is it in any way an european creation . 
  not romanian , but lived there : - shit was lightning fast . 
  lived in average city , but downloaded shit very fast , never broke up , never had problems . 
  - if you are spanish/french/portuguese / italian , it is easy to learn . 
  if you 're not , i gather it 's a bit harder , their grammar is atrocious , and i still ca n't remember half the god damn special exceptions and little rules they have . 
  representative democracy already exists in these countries . 
  and , again , the elite votes differently from the masses . 
  assuming it is useless because you think people are just idiots is not a real argument regardless . 
  your perception of the lack of knowledge of people regarding this particular treaty is just that , your perception . 
  that is what happens every time . 
  the alternative of having no vote at all is worse . 
  living in enschede , i can not unfortunately vote , but am following closely . 
  do you think the `` no '' ( if ) will force the government to change their mind ? 
  the dutch parliaments voted yes . 
  the polls show the population will vote no . 
  in 2005 the dutch and french governments voted yes for the european constitution , the populations voted no . 
  voting for a government does not mean carte blanche for every decision . 
  the interests of the elite do not always align with the interests of the people , and the lack of referendums ( and in the 2005 case , the vitriol many officials had against their very existence ) show that the officials do not particularly care what the people want . 
  it 's also a bit undemocratic when all the other populations had no say or vote in this . 
  the problem is n't the dutch referendum stopping everything , is that the netherlands is the only country with a referendum on it . 
  the problem is very few of them will actually have good paying jobs . 
  and in portugal , if you are getting minimum wage , you will get much more support from government than whatever you put in . 
  the perhaps more cynical truth , is for cookie-points with the germans and more pro-refugee european leaders . 
  subservience and `` loyalty '' is a very big deal in portuguese hierarchical relations , and for many , the gain comes not from whatever the refugees bring to the country , but what german , french , or other european officials will think of our leaders for this action . 
  portugal does n't `` need '' refugees . 
  it needs an economy and a political system that does n't make every citizen with half a brain flee the country . 
  tens of thousands of youngsters jump the border the moment they get a chance . 
  how many of them ( even me included ) will ever have the meaningful chance to return ? 
  we have no jobs or security there , and will probably not have for another full generation . 
  what is the point of refugees ? 
  even if they integrate , their children will also take the first chance they can to emigrate for a better life . 
  what is the point of bringing refugees , or giving money and free house in villages , if people simply can not survive with dignity regardless ? 
  and now they want to drag portugal into this migrant mess ? 
  nobody in the government is taking care of the structural faults , of the reasons why the country is dying . 
  they are simply bandaging it so when you look at the numbers , everything looks fine . 
  ... is it good ? 
  i do n't know anything about warships . 
  can anyone eli5 its capabilities/compare with other countries ships ? 
  nato 's objectives are not done through annexation . 
  however , nato has invaded and occupied afghanistan and iraq , and maintained puppet regimes , as well as bombed and supplied rebel military forces in libya , yemen , and syria . 
  the difference is that nato is not interested in colouring those territories with a pen on a map . 
  however , their military interventions are a fact , as well as the destabilizing outcomes of those interventions . 
  stop straw-manning my argument . 
  i did not say it was their responsibility or not . 
  i did not say ak controlled all of poland . 
  i said : poland continued to exist , as a military , political , and social entity during 1939-1945 , using an array of factors . 
  you say they did n't .
