  are n't these technically all internal re-orderings of national subdivisions ? 
  it seems to imply generosity by one state to another , but in the end it 's just one state reorganizing its provinces . 
  and in that case , `` given '' , and `` annexed '' are both very loaded words to use . 
  but they were not the ula , were they ? 
  either way , what symbols is he referring to ? 
  is there any picture or image of what symbols they might have used ? 
   the uniforms reportedly also incorporate details from the uniforms worn by the ukrainian liberation army , formed in the brief period of independence between the end of world war i and ukraine 's absorption into the soviet union in 1919 . 
  is n't the liberation army the wwii collaborationist ones ? 
  did the journalist got the dates switched , or is he referring to the makhnovists from the ria ? 
  and either way , what details are they adopting ? 
  tridents/skulls , or what ? 
  in most jurisdictions , lack of knowledge of the law does not excuse breaking it . 
  if they are coming all the way here , they have a responsibility to check up on it before hand . 
  much more likely though , is not the fact that they could n't find it , it 's just that they do n't care about it . 
  many of these sports were not invented by the british . 
  what the british did was to gather existing sports and provide them with a set of uniform rules which were then adopted by others . 
  now that is a real sport . 
  extreme rule-making . 
  yes . 
  this is what happened . 
  so?the people who kicked out the french/spanish/jews and the people others want to kick out in this thread are not the same . 
  or from the same country . 
  or in many cases , not even from the same continent . 
  because i do n't think giving the governments power to arbitrarily enforce collective punishment on what would be millions of innocents is a good thing ? 
  we already went over this in europe , it does not solve shit . 
  i do n't want to be stabbed . 
  i also do n't want to live in a country that will deport me to ??? 
  out of whim . 
  where are you gon na deport the hundreds of thousands who were born here , and have no other passport ? 
  what are you gon na do to the ones who are converts , and are not ethnically arab or turkish or pashtun ? 
  smart ideas there . 
  maybe you can also solve the economy ? 
  maybe deport all the poor ? 
  the guy is described as of moroccan descent , probably either born in france , or been there for decades . 
  how are syrian and iraqi refugees in any way relevant to this ? 
  what are they gon na do ? 
  arrest every brown muslim ? 
  i mean really , what is your idea ? 
  some guy randomly stabbed other people . 
  what is the government going to do ? 
  '' i do n't see it so it 's probably not true '' is not a very sensible response for me . 
  the powers that be wanted to remain , your post does not reflect the reality of what happened . 
  uk will leave eu before scotland ( re ) joins the eu . 
  therefore , there is no guarantee , or even any indication whatsoever , that scotland would ever maintain any of the opt outs . 
  `` because the uk had them '' is not a valid argument , scotland is not a successor state . 
  history will avenge his name . 
  all motherlands are imaginary , what difference does it make to you if he puts his loyalty to moldova or russia ? 
  maybe the recruits do n't even speak romanian , why would they consider moldova the main target of allegiance ? 
  depends on the intention . 
  the intention by far-right groups of showing off the cross is to display britain 's nature as a christian territory , and from that , that minorities are not a natural part of it . 
  in that sense , i consider it provocative , yes , as a sign of unwelcoming to those 5 % . 
  i do not consider a cross in your neck or in the church as provocative . 
  i consider it within this context . 
  likewise , your example of egypt has no context , so i would not know whether it is or not . 
  you kidding right ? 
  all right-wing movements in europe are going off in anti-muslim rants , and anti-immigrant rants . 
  many of the immigrants in britain happen to be muslim . 
  the provocation is obviously geared toward them , what is the doubt ? 
   he would discount the opinion of his own voters like this . 
  technically he 's discounting the opinion of those who did n't vote for him , since they are the ones more likely to vote against on this particular referendum . 
  edit : yes into against, 
   pubic hair beards wat, 
  the star and crescent predate islam though , and have been used in the middle-east , central asia and even the roman empire for centuries before islam . 
  most islamic countries use it as a copy of the original turkish flag . 
  the flag in itself was not supposed to represent islam , and was used before that became a wide connection . 
  which part ? 
  then write beforehand , while you are lucid , that you will never allow such a thing , and do not wish to be euthanized . 
  other people want that option , there is no reason to remove it from them . 
  such as in this particular case . 
  the girl is not in a vegetative state . 
  she made a request , which was analyzed by several doctors as being lucid and valid . 
  is n't this law though technically the removal of the state from your personal affairs ? 
  assisted suicide is blocked in many countries because the state will persecute the euthanist . 
  in the netherlands the state removes itself from the equation and allows the doctors and the ethics committee the final decision . 
  therefore it is not dragging us at all . 
  why is there `` portugal '' in vilnius ? 
  because that kind of attitude ruins public discourse and makes politics shittier for everyone . 
  both of those percentages are wrong . 
  minimum wages alone have grown 40 % since 2002 ( when they were 400euros ) . 
  this does not even take into account the increase in other wage brackets . 
  average salary was around 680 in 2002 , which is now around 840 euros ( a 23 % increase ) . 
  cost of living has increased in some ways , but not others . 
  meat is not more expensive than it was 10 years ago , and neither is milk . 
  most examples make use of the coffee ( which indeed doubled in price ) , but does not take into account housing or cars , whose prices have fluctuated up and down along a stable stream for the last 10 years . 
  no , we had 6 years of economic crisis since 2008 to 2014 . 
  portuguese economy before the crisis was ( albeit slowly ) growing , and unemployment was around 6 to 8 % , again high , but nowhere near disaster level . 
  there is a lot of myths in the portuguese public about the euro and how it fucked us , all which ignore the fact that under our own currency , before euro , the increase in salaries was under the increase of inflation ( thus creating the loss of purchasing power many people relate solely to the euro ) , or that our government , before and after euro , offered no real means of economic growth output . 
  changing back to escudo is not gon na bring us back to full employment or gdp growth . 
  lack of corruption and sustainable economic policies are . 
  half-indonesian is not really correct , his mother is indeed from indonesia , but from a dutch colonist family . 
  i apologize then , because usually i see euro-sceptic used as a term for openly anti-eu parties/movements like pvv or ukip . 
  they are certainly not very eu-skeptic . 
  they are pro-reform , and dislike what they consider the mostly center-right/iberal character of its leadership . 
  almost nobody from sp is seriously anti-europe . 
  pvda is centrist , and acts like a big tent party , slightly to the left . 
  sp is still very much a party with some revolutionary/marxist elements ( although almost all such references are removed from party propaganda ) . 
  they still maintain alot of street-centric actions , which they kept from the 70 's . 
  much less euroskpetic and anti-system than other far-left parties ( in europe , i mean ) . 
  i do see . 
  which is why i said it i disagreed with what happened in kosovo .
