  i gave arguments why they did . 
  you gave me arguments about shit i did not say . 
  so you claim poland did not exist using the justification of international law , and now you say it is the least important aspect ? 
  even though you also ignore the fact that they had an actual army , territories under their control at several points of the occupation , and again , a united ethnic group and national consciousness , which remained even under occupation , with their own newspapers , radios , and government offices ( in occupied poland ) . 
  are these all lies , or can you explain what is the most important aspect then ? 
  it apparently is not de jure factors , nor army , nor people , nor territory . 
  am i missing some obscure factor ? 
  `` the was de facto no polish state from 1939-1945 as a point of international law . '', 
  the international community recognized the continued and legitimate existence of the government in exile and of the resistance army , so that is simply not true . 
  there was a resistance government . 
  there was a internationally recognized government in exile . 
  there was an occupation government . 
  there was a polish army operating in guerrilla warfare . 
  there was a polish civil society , language , and ethnicity still in the territory . 
  there was a geographical place which most of the world still referred to as `` poland '' . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're claiming it did n't exist . 
  it does n't really . 
  if the polish resistance had death camps for nazi prisoners , what would it be , then ? 
  resistance governments ( and government-in-exile ) , people , and territory remained there . 
  the occupation was also not recognized by allied governments . 
  under many de facto and de jure views , poland did not cease to exist . 
  i used romanian trains quite a bit , and except for the bathrooms did n't seem so shitty like this ( used intercity and the night train ) . 
  their main problem is just slow . 
  baia mare to brasov alone is like 12 hours ( for 400km ) , which was agonizing . 
  besides that it does not seem so bad . 
  the view through ardeal and the mountains is 10/10 though , would recommend . 
  no clue about commuter trains though . 
  note that in the netherlands it 's not always possible . 
  many towns have specific `` koopzondag '' days where you can indeed shop on sunday , but in many places they are only once or twice a month ( usually last sunday ) . 
  so while you can indeed shop , check the koopzondag calendar first . 
  homophobia , misogyny , application of religious law at a national scale , to the detriment of individual rights and secularism . 
  those are all possible for christian extremism . 
  where is he getting those percentages from ? 
  in portugal it is viewed somewhat negatively . 
  we were in the midst of a very unstable series of governments ( some lasting only days !, 
  ) , of economic crisis , and of hunger , and then we send in a hundred thousand boys , with no training , or even weapons or transport ( they were sent to flanders in english and french ships , and given english rifles ) . 
  unlike every other army in the front , they did not rotate , so they stayed for a year in the trenches , while british and french armies rotated their units every couple of weeks . 
  then , our tired , demoralized , under-trained corps suffered the largest military defeat in 500 years against the germans at la lys . 
  what a trainwreck . 
  it is generally considered a mistake that we joined in . 
  i think the main justification was that it was to defend our african colonies , as the british were vying them , and we needed to join their side to dissuade them , but that is disputed . 
  is it because it includes all eu languages , or is it all english ? 
   because they were actualy invaded by a hostile force - georgia . 
   the \u010ce\u010dnian forces were recognized by un securety council to be terrorists . 
  so chechnia is not okay , because the un said they were terrorists . 
  but the un also recognized georgian , moldovan , and ukrainian sovereignty over their territories , which you claim they `` invaded '' . 
  so which is it ? 
   gerorgia invaded 2 independant countries under russian protection . 
  russia simply drove the fascists back and tha reastablished pre war borders . 
  if russian troops in those countries is oaky , why is it bad to send nato troops to other independent countries ? 
  would it also be okay for american troops to go to chechnya defend it ? 
   lol no are you that retarded ? 
  that is literally what is happening . 
  that is the point of the article , that is what poland has been asking for for the last 3 years . 
   you have a flawed view of democracy , and if the goverment had formed out of parties oposing nato it would be an anti nato goverment , it just didnt form like that . 
  then the slovenian people are not against nato , and your bellyaching about it is a minority view . 
   sending loads of hostile troops to russias borders is provocation since its aiming weapons at them . 
  especialy since nato is know for hostile acts . 
  imagine you are estonia . 
  you see russia literally invading georgia . 
  then , a few years later , it invades crimeia , and sends troops to donbass . 
  you see that you have a quite large russian minority , and that russia invaded both countries with impunity . 
  you call your allies to send some troops to avoid the same fate . 
  how is this any provocation ? 
  do you think estonia wants to invade russia ? 
  do you think lithuania is going to annex the pskov region or something ? 
  they are afraid , because their neighbor has showed aggression and has annexed other countries territories . 
  if you do not understand their perspective then why do you even discuss it with such assumptions ? 
   wrong russia invaded and occupied georgian territories in 2008 . 
  russia has an illegal military presence in moldova since 1991 . 
  russia has annexed ukrainian territory in 2014 , and has military presence there still . 
  do you just not read the news , or do you still live in 1989 ? 
  slovenia is bound by a treaty it signed . 
  by its government . 
  who was elected . 
  by you . 
  if the leading party has nothing about nato , it probably means it accepts the current condition ( staying in nato ) . 
  so , again , if slovenians are so against it , they would vote for an anti-nato party . 
  as that did not happen , the slovenian nation thus supports nato , or is at least indifferent to slovenian participation . 
  all of this is irrelevant to the main point however , which was `` why is this a provocation ? '', 
  russia invaded some neighbors , other neighbors are afraid , and bolster their defenses in response . 
  why , again , is this provocation ? 
  use actual arguments please , not `` oh boo hoo usa are nazis '', 
  the government is elected by its people . 
  if pro-eu and pro-nato parties are elected , then it is only by the choice of the slovenian people . 
  neither of those points have anything to do with this topic . 
  it is not slovenia that is receiving the extra troops , so , again , what is your problem ? 
  if , on the other hand , slovenia is indeed sending troops to protect poland and estonia , maybe you 're not so pro-russian after all , heh ? 
  1 - not sure what the usa has to do with it , please avoid whataboutism . 
  if usa neighbors or other countries feel threatened by it , it is their choice to bolster their defenses . 
  the issue here is that eastern european countries feel threatened by russia , and wish to further their defenses , what does the usa have to do with this ? 
  2 - what does that even mean ? 
  the allies are coming to these countries because the local governments requested it , what is the issue ? 
  - russia invades and occupies territories of its neighbors - other russian neighbors , in fear of similar fate , ask allies to bolster military presence to dissuade similar invasion - allies are `` provoking '' something here in this logic train is not right . 
  yeah , that guy is definitely the entirety of our country , your post is absolutely correct in attacking our image because of him . 
   this could have been avoided . 
  what is `` this '' ? 
  a trade deal being delayed ? 
  oh eu , how could you !, 
  `` the eu is passing too many laws , they 're overturning democracy ! '',
