that 'll swing it against russia a little bit . 
  less prosperous than ukraine ? 
  seems unlikely somehow . 
  i do n't disagree with paying my fair share into the eu but it seems like this sort of increase could be a fairly big financial shock to countries . 
  so would n't it make sense to increase it a little each year rather than in once big lump ? 
  just so it 's easier to deal with . 
  hey now !, 
  do n't forget about the isle of man !, 
  moral high ground ? 
  throwing bottles at jewish people in europe , is acceptable because of the actions of jewish people in israel . 
  that 's your moral high ground ? 
  the stop the war , and anti-israel protests are n't anti-semitic . 
  drawing swastikas and claiming jews should be burned , gasses and murdered is . 
  i do n't understand this aspect of humanity . 
  it 's not like the jewish people in europe are responsible for the acts in israel . 
  why ca n't they just protest the war without drawing swastikas on memorials and throwing bottles at people ? 
  no , i 've never had a good sunday dinner anywhere other than home . 
  you can say that in english . 
  no one ever uses the english flag . 
  normally it 's the union jack if anything . 
  haha !, 
  i love cgp grey . 
  do n't worry soon you 'll be your own country , then all the british people will flee to the north . 
  then it 'll be true . 
  where is this ` the netherlands ' , is it near the totally different country holland ? 
  baked bean sauce is the gravy of breakfast time , it moistens my toast . 
  as for the fries ( i 'm assuming you mean chips ) i 've never had those with a full english breakfast . 
  maybe it 's a new thing ? 
  sounds terrible , hashbrowns at a push , even though they 're american . 
  they are very good especially when cooked with a dollop of bbq sauce , mushroom , and cheddar cheese melted on to with a tiny bit of cracked black pepper and grilled to perfection , though bbq sauce for breakfast does n't sit with me either , not at breakfast . 
  me too i noticed i misspelt a word went to change it . 
  apparently my brain just, 
  is beer stupidly priced in ireland too ? 
  i hoped we were the only one with that aliment . 
  all these things apply to british food too . 
  it seems like the british isles just has an unfairly bad reputation for food . 
  amuses me that that when ever i 've actually cooked british food for foreigners they 've liked it and iv ' e shared a fair range : shepherds pie , scotch eggs , trifle , home made fish and chips , jam tarts , minced pies , i shared some cheeses , so many things . 
  i feel like it 's mostly ignorance . 
  especially in japan where they only get info from american tv , which uses british food as an easy joke . 
  i get that the vinegar thing english people do is weird and we tend to go mad with gravy , but those are too bad habits . 
  besides , eastern europeans seem to pickle so much , so who 's really mad for vinegar ? 
  * edit : fixed a brain-fart, 
  what 's wendy 's is it like denny 's ? 
  i saw one of those in japan once . 
  i do n't go there expecting anything but the lowest quality gunk that i only eat when i 'm trying to fill a gap in my stomach until i get home . 
  mcdonalds 's is adequate for this , their standards have improved a lot in recent years too , which is nice . 
  i know what you mean . 
  one of my main worries about scottish independence is that it 'll restart the troubles in ireland , we do n't need that again . 
  that and the horror of a vast right wing majority . 
  imagine the horror of a british-french fusion dish . 
  tins of snails 'n' beans . 
  kippers on croissant . 
  frogs legs in hp sauce . 
  garlic flavour jellied eels . 
  it 's okay we do n't care about france ; they invented poodles . 
  and they get so annoyed when i invade scotland , or if i do n't invade scotland . 
  english people keep saying france ... guys remember our true enemies the the rest of the british isles !, 
  as for getting along : scotland - they voted to stay with us , genuinely surprised . 
  wales - we have no opinion about them ; they have a nice flag . 
  ireland - ... we 're not at war any more , that 's a start . 
  though the slavery thing , and english people not being taught about it , is gon na be a sore point for a while . 
  the uk had produced many great games . 
  however , most of the studios were bought out and driven into the ground by american giants . 
  frankly i think a little bit of cultural protection for the uk games and film industries are in order . 
  me too , is n't that the point of reddit ? 
  i 'll swap places with an iraqi if you like . 
  i 've always wanted to go to not-scandinavia . 
  swim down until the water is cold , it 's like that but for months . 
  it 's an election year , brings out the crazy . 
  like anyone in iraq knows what scandinavia is , no one in europe knows what scandinavia is . 
  sounds like a mushy christmas pudding . 
  yeah we eat snails too and something very similar to hachis parmentier . 
  but we are n't talking about facts just reputations . 
  my english might be showing , but that looks really good with cream . 
  i 'm not saying your food is actually gross it 's just famous for being both gross , and delicious . 
  it 's kind of an oxymoron . 
  french food famous too , frogs , snails and tortured duck liver ( foie gras ) ... how did you get famous for your food being nice ? 
  that 's some wizardry that is . 
  edit : spelling, 
  they would n't be refugees in a deportation centre normally . 
  it 's more likely people with incorrect visas , or who have stayed longer than they were allowed to . 
  sounds like they 're getting into the european spirit . 
  how about some japanese [ natto ] ( http://2010.igem.org/wiki/images/a/a5/natto1.png ) ? 
  dem meat balls . 
  delicious french [ hachis parmentier ] ( http://www.topsante.com/var/topsante/storage/images/nutrition-et-recettes/recettes/hachis-parmentier/48692-2-fre-fr/hachis-parmentier.jpg ) disgusting english [ cottage pie ] ( http://static.oprah.com/images/o2/20110429-tows-recipe-cottage-pie-949x534.jpg ) damn french propergander ... 
  it 's getting loads better . 
  loads of people cook and we do n't need grandmas to teach us to cook because we have the internet . 
  it 's not that nice it 's more about calories than flavour . 
  when people used to eat this regularly it was their main meal and then they did heavy labour . 
  people rarely eat it nowadays , it 's more of an occasional indulgence , mostly in winter when we get less than 8 hours of sunlight a day and feel cold , wet and depressed . 
  yeah , like a beaten spouse : food , water , not sleeping outside . 
  what kind of lazy so-and-so would leave all that ? 
  obviously , trying to get more money . 
  i mean , `` why else would they leave ? 
  well of course it 's obvious if you just use assumptions and prejudice . 
  well that 's the polish parish 's side of the story . 
  what 's they syrian refugee 's side ? 
  reddit is n't life . 
  reddit is a bunch of people without faces online . 
  ol' angie merkel can run my country if she likes .
