  do you know how many christians want christian law ? 
  i 've never come across that statistic , my suspicion is that it 's about 10 % . 
  uk has swung very right wing of late . 
  do n't feel too bad , his opinion are n't far from our political actions . 
  `` if a machine , can learn the value of human life , maybe we can too '', 
  so an illegal war , with no exit strategy was the moral thing to do ? 
  you ought to bash the uk , being a lapdog helped make this situation . 
  german people are the ones picking up the pieces . 
  who would n't wa n't to , get the day shift and you have a manager free life . 
  could say the same thing about counting per capita . 
  it 's pretty snazzy , i think . 
  at least we found an interesting thing to do with the most boring flag colours . 
  actually pretty well . 
  i do n't trust our figures one bit . 
  unemployment down sure that 's great , what kind of employment is up though ? 
  skilled , unskilled , part-time , full-time , salary , zero hour ? 
  you can really see how the english are just a mish-mash of europeans . 
  we love to complain , drink to cope , and you can set clocks by us falling over in the street . 
  french complaining , russian drinking , and german precision . 
  let 's all of us time keeping people flood into germany and we 'll live in a clockwork paradise !, 
  i 'm stealing that line . 
  this is why i love my girlfriend . 
  she works on my policy of ` if you 're not at least 5 minutes early , you 're late . ' . 
  it takes her 3 hours to get ready but if we have to leave at 9am , she 'll be up at 5am . 
  is ulm the greatest place ever ? 
  also eu4 !, 
  best post ever . 
  was n't your cathedral the tallest structure in the world for a little ? 
  first one to surpass lincoln cathedral as the tallest structure ever built . 
  some members of the edl come from england , we should deport all the english , or at least lock them away as a precaution . 
  sure most , probably 99 % of them , have done nothing wrong but obeying the law should n't mean you 're safe from being punished . 
  as an english man i feel the same way . 
  all the time i see the constant americanisms replace british-english words and it really annoys me . 
  nobody goes to see a film any more , they go to the see a movie . 
  i think a greater threat to my culture is muslims being used as a scapegoat for the erosion of civil liberties in the name of ` protection ' . 
  who does n't have some independence/constitution/whatever day ? 
  growing up i just thought it was just a thing americans did . 
  see , this is why you should n't be online at 3am . 
  1,000 = one thousand 1.000 = one point nothing comers are n't decimal [ points !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfcm6tzgtmi ) edit : ireland , that 's why you 're the best . 
  what if we made a weird hybrid system that only served to complicate the issue . 
  we 'll use the euro but we 'll keeping the pence . 
  $ 1.50  1,5 $ the real reason we wo n't join . 
  your system is too strange , we ca n't adapt !, 
  i shall call this the battle of agincoin, 
  many people think africa is a country , it 's not . 
  or are all the africans wrong , because of a bunch of ignorant foreigners ? 
  england , scotland , wales and n.ireland are different countries . 
  that 's what i 've never understood either . 
  if you think it 's a bad system why trade for a worse one ? 
  talk about cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  depends who did the survey i guess, 
  did anyone say childless ? 
  china has done pretty well slashing it 's population to more manageable numbers . 
  it 's equally unhealthy for people in an overpopulated world to keep breeding like there 's no tomorrow . 
  yeah we should invoke a 1 child policy . 
  i think it 's a good thing we in no way need as many people in the world as we have . 
  you must be british then because that was a shit insult . 
  getting to be summer , she 's got ta get that beach body ready !, 
  i think that honour goes to the uk . 
  i think it 's because it seems at the moment ballads are really popular . 
  soulda watched the english one , we have a sassy gay man do it for us . 
  you made a good effort but not everyone can be a winner . 
  england gave our results in french . 
  someone has to speak in a non-english language . 
  you get an a for effort , america !, 
  you 're just jealous of our power !, 
  we should dismantle the uk !, 
  think of the potential !, 
  the uk might get 2 or even 3 more votes !, 
  at least it was different from the dozen or so women in boob-valley dresses singing a boring song about how dull they are . 
  how would we deal with royalty ? 
  there are still a great many royals around in europe , despite a hearty attempt by france and other like minded individuals . 
  irish people do n't have beans on their breakfast , just sayin ', 
  is it on now ? 
  i do n't trust common people to be any better than politicians . 
  your link provides no evidence for your claim . 
  if she can build one in this economy . 
  we ca n't build a train line . 
  so basically you say gibraltar , i say immigrants ? 
  it 's all the same distract people with non-issues . 
  that article is about the right to self-determination . 
  not about nearby countries absorbing/reabsorbing territory . 
  if she did have a moon sized death laser space station , i 'd vote for her . 
  also , they should only use the metric system occasionally !, 
  mwhahaha . 
  the money can stay it 's too fun being rich abroad . 
  we do need to sort out the driving . 
  i do feel like money is too often seen as the decider . 
  often good things cost money like children , houses , education , healthcare ... etc. 
  they are n't in the eu . 
  itt : people who know way more about the eu than i do . 
  i just wan na stay in the eu , because it 's cool that being ` european ' is actually a thing . 
  1000 's of years of bloodshed and hate and now we 're all chill with each other , that 's ace . 
  the shop or the country ? 
  it 's so overused as to not even become funny . 
  it 's like the fart jokes of political satire . 
  we 're more like the floating devil on europe 's shoulder . 
  it 's because our food is like crack . 
  once you pop you 're eating [ stargazy pie ] ( https://i.embed.ly/1/display/resize?key=1e6a1a1efdb011df84894040444cdc60&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2ffarm1.static.flickr.com%2f167%2f462293888_c6c9c828c5_z.jpg&amp;width=810 ) .
