  i need go potty potty . 
  compared to january 2015 . 
  but that would n't be as shocking of a title . 
  but wait what about this video our minister of defence ( the female singer ) made as a gift for g.w.bush ? 
  there is a refugee centre ^ ^ ^ spoiler ^ ^ ^ alert : ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ former ^ ^ ^ prison next door , so i got to see the 60 or so refugees behind the fences . 
  i believe they represent a sizeable portion of all the refugees we got so far . 
  for 1 refugee there are 2 journalists visiting the place . 
  anyone who 's ever dealt with the czech 's foreign police dep . 
  knows for damn sure that they better run for germany as fast as they can . 
  yay !, 
  checkmate feminists !, 
  it 's a beautiful place , i spent 3 weeks on sao miguel , one week on flores and one week on sao jorge . 
  they are all great , but if i had to choose one , sao miguel has the most diverse features . 
  hands down the most awesome landscapes i 've ever seen in my life . 
  i hope i can get there again sometime . 
  z-man at it again . 
  the pm should just borrow one assault rifle from the shipment to kurdistan and off z-man for good . 
  and please use the scorpion or vz .58 not russian made kalashnikov . 
  if he 's hiding at prague 's castle the vz .70 rpg could prove useful too . 
  if you want peace , prepare for war . 
  i think this now applies more than it used to in recent history . 
  trump 2019 : all women in bikinis or no nuclear deal !, 
  well my skills are : social anxiety , problem creation , fear of change and being dumb . 
  that counts too riiight ? 
  so when do i get my eu financed infographic ? 
  i think that part of the reason for that is they already have enough ` light ' weapons . 
  this shipment will consist of more than 3000 vz .58 assault rifles ... 
  they probably need heavier weaponary against is , but i do n't think anyone is willing to send it to them . 
  a lot of things were uncensored in the 90s , but something like ceska soda would n't fly nowadays . 
  on the internet it might , but definitely not on the state television . 
  they have been around from medieval times and i think that they are pretty varied in terms of origin ( but they are from the east of course ) . 
  zeman is mass media story machine . 
  have some blank space to fill in your newspaper ? 
  just get some controversial zeman quote and write an article about that . 
  babis could be more dangerous , but so far he toes the line just enough . 
  if his party gets a majority sometime that would be a serious issue . 
  this sucks , i 'm opposed to illegal immigration , but we should n't chase these people away . 
  unfortunately radical islam and blind xenophobia complement each other juuust right to ruin it for everyone . 
  i like them . 
  having a good laugh about some of the worst things that can happen to man is a thing that i personally find essential to having a good life . 
  for me it 's one way of coping with fear before confronting it . 
  when fortune is no longer on your side , one of the few things that you can still do is to laugh at your miserable situation . 
  it will not help directly but it might help you see things from a point of view that was previously hidden . 
  really ? 
  it seems to be better than it has ever been from an inside point of view ( especially compared to the 1990s ) . 
  edit : if you mean the z-man relict specifically , he sure knows how to get into the spotlight , but his real power is limited and his attemps to get a grip over the goverment all failed . 
  this is very weird . 
  this guy seems to constantly need more and more cash and nobody seems to know exactly why . 
  i mean he earns something like 20 000 eur per month yet his family lived pretty poorly . 
  their house was even nearly confiscated multiple times ... plus he 's in deep with the russian federation . 
  what the hell is he dumping his money on ? 
  maybe he played a straw man for someone in this withdrawal attempt ? 
  he has a diplomatic passport , so he could easily move things around across the eu in his car ... eur 350\u00a0000\u00a0000 in cash i hope he brought a van with him tho . 
  and after all that it still sucks in there . 
  that 's interesting , this year is surely a good one for the defence contractors . 
  our goverment ( czech rep. ) is cooking something up too . 
  not that big , but i think we will have around 20 % increase ( new total 27000 soldiers i think ) . 
  i do n't think russia ordered this , but it could definitely be done by some radical members of the pro-russian population in ukraine . 
  maybe they wanted revenge , because he opposed russia 's view of the tragedy . 
  i hate it on mobile , the warning takes a half of the screen and often ca n't be dismissed . 
  but no eu plz save me from the evil cookies !, 
  i agree with you on the broad level , but right now isis can send whoever it wants to europe and nobody from eu can stop them from doing so . 
  i believe this immediate issue needs to be addressed somehow ie by increasing border security ( that will also negatively affect real refugees but i see no other way ) . 
  defunding the terrorists sounds like a great plan , but practically it seems to be impossible . 
  turkey is a powerful nato member , saudi arabia is a close and important ally of usa , france , etc. 
  there are so many ways of them getting the funding . 
  solving all that while isis seems to be at least partially financially independent for the moment ( even though it is mostly through confiscations and turkey 's benevolence ) is not going to work in my opinion . 
  if they 're going to use these grenades , they better always throw two of them at once in order to make sure at least one of them really explodes . 
  they were sitting in storage for a long time and i 'm not sure the storage conditions were always kept perfect ... 
  why would they bother with bitcoin ? 
  that 's way to risky , just takes one member of your organization to screw up a bit on operational security and they got you . 
  lots of these terrorist groups receive at least indirect support from some state-level entity . 
  they can transfer money all right . 
   i have witnessed countless times gays that were prevented to hold hands or kissed by people from a muslim background , inside paris , place where people are supposed to be more open minded . 
  for real ? 
  i 've never thought things like this were actually happening frequently . 
  then again i live in a country that is quite ethnically homogeneous ( politically correct translation : a racist country stuck in its communist past ) . 
  makes you think - now they publicly go after the homosexuals , wait a while and who will they choose - the `` kuffars '' ? 
  nazis kind of ruined the torch marches here . 
  :( i 'm a bit sad , because it looks so cool . 
  there is something magical/mesmerizing about it . 
  i hope i do n't sound like a pyromaniac . 
  it would n't lead to arresting every potential terrorist , but imo it would slow them down when trying to spread their radical ideology . 
  well i guess propagating radical islam or pledging allegiance to it could be made illegal by classifying it as treason or inciting violence . 
  it might be risky and not very democratic to take this approach but i think it could untie the hands of security services a bit . 
  i think that whole eu might agree that radical forms of islam are not compatibile with secular/democratic idea of state . 
  it can , but this attack had to planned and organized for a long time . 
  if he would shoot some random people right after someone pissed him off for the 100th time at work , one could say stress played a role . 
  coordinated attacks like this ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  this higlights an issue with a portion of muslim immigrants . 
  first of all they feel as muslims . 
  only after that they consider themselves citizens of a country they reside in . 
  with this kind of thinking it is easier to justify the attacks . 
  it also weakens the whole society . 
  that 's true , but cars do n't have any ideology behind them . 
  a car is a thing not a person , it has no malicious intent . 
  now a motivated group of people deliberately running over people with trucks , that would be a worthy comparison . 
  thanks for the writeup , i appreciate it . 
  however i still mostly stand by my points , even though i over simplified things alot .
