do n't worry you 're our special snowflake !, 
  this feels like dumbing down a serious topic tbh . 
  `` smart and inclusive growth '' hahahaha . 
  building europe for the greater tommorow !, 
  [ fixed ] ( http://trademe.tmcdn.co.nz/photoserver/tq/254188771.jpg ) because reasons . 
  in my opinion for my country , there were four major integration steps . 
  first was joining the eu ( obviously ) , second was entering the shengen , third was the ratification of the lisbon treaty and the fourth one which we are still postponing is entering the eurozone . 
  after all that the path to more integration steps is open . 
  the whole eu is really at a crossroads and i wish i knew what the better choice is . 
  i think the process of eu integration has no brakes unless something radical happens . 
  it seems that the transitional phase to ` even closer ' eu needs to end one way or another ( scrap it completely , or estabilish it ) , because staying in transition forever makes europe very weak and vulnerable . 
  yeah i think foreign aid is a part of the problem . 
  they need to estabilish a functioning society themselves * slowly * or it will never be stable ( in parts of africa ) . 
  everytime we get involved one way or another we just fuck it up . 
  ah , did n't know that . 
  thanks for the information . 
  mainly better coordinated attacks . 
  i 'd speculate that from the way the did the attacks it seems that they no longer felt safe from being captured . 
  maybe abdeslam knew something about them ? 
  or someone ordered them to attack immediately in retribution for his capture ? 
  * poison a water supply major water infrastructure is somewhat guarded nowadays , still i 'm a bit surprised they did n't try this one . 
  effects of biological contamination could be reduced by increasing chlorine levels . 
  still imo a very feasible way of attack on a local level . 
  * poison a common food source same as above , probably less effective * cyberwarfare - destroy financial markets they lack the skills to really pull this of * take control of a nuclear power plant they could maybe cut the power , but to cause a major radiation leak they would have to hold/defend the plant for an extended time period - not likely . 
  even then it 's hard to damage the reactor . 
  * set off a nuclear device best chance would be to aquire a medical source ( s ) and make a dirty bomb . 
  a conventional bomb is much easier to make/smuggle around . 
  * attack a political meeting ( nationally or eu ) - kill many of them has essentially the same results as any other public shooting . 
  increased chances of being discovered early . 
  attending political leader could be saved by guards . 
  * assassinate a world leader not a good chance of success . 
  i think they freaked out after the police captured abdeslam and went with the most primitive but quickest way to do the attacks . 
  i 'd speculate that they had some more elaborate plans in the making . 
  i wanted to like it , but could n't . 
  ca n't escape your own opinions i guess . 
  it 's not very easy to actually damage a modern nuclear plant enough to cause a significant radiation leak . 
  definitely would need a lot more explosives and experienced manpower to pull it of . 
  realistically they could probably kill some of the staff and maybe cause a power outage . 
  that said , they might also be after publicity . 
  striking a nuclear plant would net them a top place in worldwide news for a week or two even if they 're not very successful . 
   the legend of the maidens ' war can also be interpreted as symbolic description of pre-christian celebration of summer solstice . 
  these celebrations included games , feasts and ritual promiscuity . 
  during the celebration young men and women competed in games like spear throwing or horse riding . 
  celebrations often ended with betrothals . 
  knew it . 
  wait a few more years , it is slowly trickling down from the west . 
  i have never took part in it for my whole life and neither has my family . 
  however it is really widespread . 
  it seems like it 's mostly about getting wasted just like any other celebration . 
  i used to think the same , but now i think that it 's too late . 
  isis has become a more or less functioning state entity , and wages war with the near enemy as well as the far enemy ( europe ) . 
  i do n't think a political only solution is going to cut it this time . 
  we are already sprinkling them with bombs . 
  they would be foolish not to strike back when they can . 
  this is a war , not a political dispute . 
  they seek to destroy us , we want see them on their knees too however we try to sugar coat it . 
  the main issue is that the attacks can come from within our countries . 
  however it seems that the syrian connection is still strong in these attacks . 
  yep , assad does this as well . 
  not sure who started with it first ... 
  in syria they are famous for double tap attacks , ie there is one explosion then they wait till people trying to help the injured gather ( emergency personnel too ) and do another explosion . 
  very effective in syria , but it might not be same in europe with all the police scrambled soon after the first strike . 
  which is probably why they deploy different tactics here . 
  damn even typing this out makes me sick . 
  i do n't think it applies to meat as supermarket meat is incredibly safe compared to a single household produce . 
  meat from chicken that my family used to have also tasted almost the same , the eggs had a different taste but not better or worse imo . 
  however for fruit and vegetables its a different story . 
  for example i have n't ever eaten a good strawberry bought in a supermarket . 
  and you 're right that homemade tomato sauce is sooo much better it tastes like a completely different product . 
  nothing the z man could n't handle . 
  more time for him to bask in the spotlights . 
  i think slovenia is about to get some russians coming on a vacation ^ ^ ^ ^ wink . 
  damn get half a kilo of the stuff and i think it will be enough propellant to get to low earth orbit . 
  better get him some earthy indica dominant kush otherwise he might just become more paranoid if that 's even possible . 
  politically i disagree with him . 
  he is a ruthless man who knows exactly what he 's doing , but i still ca n't help myself and i like him a bit for these crappy jokes . 
  i just wish he got a tv show instead of becoming a president lol . 
  once isis really starts to lose the war i wonder what where will the fighters escape to ? 
  i think europe sounds pretty good . 
  a safe space for everyone \u2122 . 
  it 's possible to visit lunik , just dress/look like a homeless person if you want to live through it . 
  shhhhh , let everyone think that it was in slovakia . 
  ^ ^ ^ hihi, 
  yep , just could n't help themselves . 
  happens to everyone . 
  now if i had a job there would be a possibility of a pay-rise !, 
  i do n't know if it can be trusted , but it would n't very surprising given the amount of bombing russia has been doing lately especially in north aleppo . 
  lol on mobile i could n't see the map beneath slowly loading layers upon layers of the logos . 
  one could say that the map got plastered . 
  i 've just learned that i 'm a very average potato . 
  til . 
  nice !, 
  my personal favourite : 1950 , an old lady goes to see the mayor of a village she lives in to complain about something . 
  when she enters mayor 's office , she promptly gets her right hand in the air and shouts `` heil hitler ! '', 
  the mayor smiles and says `` madam you must have confused the times !, 
  we now have communism '' . 
  she replies `` but this is still your office , right ? 
  i 'm not pregnant , sorry . 
  still less fake than obama 's . 
  well i. . . ga-ga !,
