  and of course tyus jones sinking crucial baskets . 
  i 'm not certain that 's the case judging from the reactions in this thread and the responses . 
  the general message i 'm getting is `` the refs do n't see what cbs cameras see and they should . '', 
  i would n't be surprised at this point . 
  coach danowski is a wizard . 
  so because they do n't have a logo next to their name , they do n't know what they 're talking about ? 
  am i reading this correctly ? 
  thanks !, 
  honest answer : i 'm not trying to be funny , i 'm dead serious : winning that national championship will forever immortalize him and if he ever needs anything from duke they 'll give it to him so as long as he does n't talk shit about them for xyz reason . 
  link is down , anyone got a mirror ? 
  judging from your comment here , your username , and your post history , i 'd say that you solely exist to attempt to offend people or are just an awfully bitter person , so i 'm gon na have to take this with a grain of salt . 
  wait can we get the guy in here who predicted this ? 
  i 'm hyped as fuck , but i 'm guessing the cl is vastly more popular than copa america ( in europe , at least ) . 
  once may comes to a close and the cl concludes the hype train should ramp up . 
  barbecue chicken alert . 
  never heard of him being aep , but if he was , would it really matter ? 
  fair enough . 
  are you greek ? 
   thejusticecock, 
  holy fuck could you imagine not knowing where your dot really is ? 
  i already have enough trouble lol, 
  jak and daxter ii was incredibly difficult for me , though . 
  nah , it 's a quote from pulp fiction . 
  it 's a quote from pulp fiction . 
  i understand that there are obviously some similarities . 
  it 's actually a quote from pulp fiction . 
  well you got me . 
  cardale is ridiculously strong and fast , though . 
  lebrooooon james, 
  i 'm impressed by how quick op uploaded this, 
  flair up !, 
  there 's no way he 's 17 lol, 
  y. . . yes ? 
   traditional marching bands, 
  dci ? 
  his account is 2 days old and a sizeable ( though , admittedly small ) portion of his comments trash liverpool . 
  i would n't bother . 
  that may be the ugliest thing i 've ever had the misfortune of viewing . 
  did n't you win your 10th title in a row ? 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for the info , i do n't follow croatian football too closely though i probably should . 
  he meant `` at least he is n't mixon '', 
  i got the joke , man , do n't worry . 
  the name-calling . 
  do you support gay marriage or see nothing wrong with it ? 
  well buddy , you 're a bleeding heart liberal shitbag . 
  do you think gun control is unnecessary and/or a poor idea ? 
  you 're an insane and insecure conservative douche rocket . 
  do you believe in some sort of conspiracy or existence of some sort of cover-up etc. ? 
  you 're a tin-foil hat wearing basement dweller . 
  do you like a product made by a large company ? 
  i 've got some bad news for you , you 're a dirty fucking shill . 
  all the time . 
  it 's incredibly infuriating . 
  it can be encountered wherever , there 's millions of users with different opinions . 
  i 've seen it expressed before , and i 'm not sure why you took such a hostile stance . 
  i was about to make an edit to my original comment to include people who say what you said as well . 
  `` where do you find these xyz people at i 've never seen a single liberal/conservative/whatever opinion expressed about xyz . '', 
  it 's incredible that people here do n't always understand that default subs or their favorite subs are not the same ones which everyone else reads . 
  there are millions of users here . 
  you will find nearly as many opinions . 
  i have absolutely no issue with this . 
  wait , / u/honestly _ , / u/jayhawx19 , / u/claudelemieux , and / u/dekaf ?!, 
  what is going on ? 
  * of course * you have the oranje as your flair . 
  god i ca n't believe i 'm seeing so many / r/cfb people . 
  the first fetus on reddit ? 
  uh , i imagine they will . 
  within the context of the female game . 
  close , but it 's actually ronaldo 's evil spanish twin rolando . 
  barbecue chicken alert, 
  those fucking magical linebackers . 
  they 'd always come outta nowhere and make a leaping one handed catch . 
  can you run faster than 11 mph ? 
  seattle , wa or portland , or . 
  i * think * he 's joking . 
  heavy emphasis on think . 
  hit enter twice in between your bullet points . 
  this comes as a surprise to nobody . 
  jak and daxter , the precursor legacy . 
  close second : sly 2 . 
  well these are sexy . 
  but then again , i 'm one of the few people on this sub that likes adidas . 
  he 's not insinuating that at all . 
  all he said was, 
   still think a healthy spurs , clips , grizz , or cavs squad would give them trouble, 
  and immediately followed with, 
   and deserve it for their hard work . 
  where did you get all of that extra stuff from ? 
  my problem is n't that i think porzingis will be a bust . 
  my problem is that i would 've much rather had frank , justise , wcs , etc. 
  he has n't posted in 4 years . 
  where did this come from ? 
  honestly it 's just a polish girl acting strange in front of a camera with jarring music and low fi sound effects and special effects . 
  they put on some weird images across the screen but it 's likely just an attempt at abstract and mystique art . 
  this just made me realize that we need to ditch adidas . 
  like , now . 
  i 've defended them so much . 
  but i ca n't anymore lol, 
  / r/askcfb is now a thing,
