its spreading, 
  argentina . 
  messi/di maria/higuain/lavezzi / mascherano/aguero is too powerful . 
  that was filthy arjen robben, 
  edit : diego costa what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  but he requested that the government utilize a non-violent and educational game . 
  he setup the program in 08-09 . 
  it was just poorly worded , do n't nitpick . 
  he setup the program to give it to schools for free while he was in office , this is just poorly worded . 
  where did all these netherlands flairs come from ? 
  edit : lol i meant that before this weekend there was hardly any netherlands flair , now they 're everywhere . 
  but i suspect that wo n't be the case now . 
  got ta be specific , yo . 
  right ? 
  if they had them in my size i 'd definitely buy a pair . 
  using photos of him that are n't ridiculous :, 
  no matter how weird he is , he 's still my favorite player of all time . 
  what are you talking about, 
  i hate it when people say `` who cares '' . 
  this is still a big deal and coming out is n't normalized/easy for gay people . 
  i never said dominated , they did n't beat you by 21 + . 
  i said that them beating you by two td 's and sacking aj seven times and them leading you for almost the entire game is a pretty convincing win . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  i do n't get it, 
  since he 's done it three times , i 'm going to say that he is probably mentally ill . 
  ohhhhhhhhhhhhh ok i saw it . 
  does anyone have a link to this ? 
  whoa wait whate the fuck when did this happen, 
  that 's crazy . 
  i 'll take `` things i never thought would happen on reddit '' for 500 , please . 
  that 's some fifa 14 negotiation right there . 
  * millwall * : `` i 've got this 71 overall cb who 's 34 , we 'd like $ 675,000 . '', 
  * manu * : `` very well . 
  $ 12m it is , then . '', 
  dude there 's a total of like 7 girls on tech 's campus , of course they 're lonely . 
  why is everyone downvoting the shit out of this guy ? 
  he 's contributing to discussions and he is n't spouting random shit like `` i think les miserables is a mediocre play '', 
  unrelated , but lebron also has a scar at the back of his head that he 's covering up . 
  but ... why ? 
  you take yourself and this website far too seriously . 
  no need to be rude . 
  this . 
  i 'm a firm believer in the look good philosophy :, 
  if you look good , you feel good . 
  if you feel good , you play good . 
  `` play '' can be applied to any situation . 
  i hold in my palm a device that has access to most information recorded on earth , and can learn almost whatever i want . 
  did you just say racism is imaginary ? 
  can someone give me an unbiased detail of what 's happening because i have no idea what 's going on . 
  i know absolutely nothing about this at all . 
  i am beginning to hate mediacrush . 
  it takes forever to load . 
  that makes sense . 
   does a 12-4 team really deserve the title over one that went 16-1 just because of that one game ? 
  yes . 
  if you did n't beat them then you were n't better than them . 
  there is no such thing as deserving a title . 
  do you think that we should just award bama the title because they did n't deserve to lose to auburn ? 
  it 's not rewarding a title if a title game is played . 
  take the field and if you ca n't beat them then you were n't the better team . 
  and it would n't be devalued because you still would want to fight for seeding . 
   but inviting 3-4 loss teams to compete means mediocre regular season teams could win the whole thing . 
  it 's quite simple : if you beat them , then you have nothing to worry about . 
   but you 're ok with saying they were the best team of the entire season because they won their last 4 games ? 
  absolutely . 
  if those last 4 games were bama , sparty , fsu , and oregon , they would convince me that they 're the best . 
   that sounds exactly like the nfl and i 'm really not ok with that . 
  i do n't get your hate towards the nfl , but whatever . 
  tennessee flair , story checks out . 
  that 's what chelsea did , but i do n't think they 'll be parking the bus too much this year . 
  holy fuck this game is great, 
  i 'm ... kinda jealous of his hair , but not what he did with it . 
  flow game on point . 
  had a tear or two . 
  hearts flair ?!, 
  i did n't think i 'd ever see the day . 
  ey son !, 
  spell ** long dick !, 
  stepping right out of the shower and that solid 10 seconds where you just smell amazing . 
  i can only do this by accident godamnit, 
  you can do that without any worry so as long as you do n't look creepy, 
  you can still disagree with it today ? 
  dude arby 's is delicious, 
  well for every action there 's a reaction and consequence . 
  why should n't gay people be married ? 
  biggest bullshit i had ever seen at that point in time lol, 
  puppy room therapy . 
  sad ? 
  hate your job ? 
  step into our puppy room , where little fuzzballs lick your face and run all over you . 
  pronounced `` sawn-toe ? '', 
  i got 664 . 
  it 'd be more like this :, 
  i see you 're pretty new . 
  this guy 's a troll , you 're wasting your time . 
  do n't worry about him , you 'll never see him in real life nor will you ever encounter him again . 
  do n't sweat it , alright ? 
  is this gon na be a thing now ? 
  posting the team 's average ? 
  * cue unc academics jokes *,
