  - top 10 in steals per game, 
  - top 15 in per, 
  - top 10 in field goals, 
  - 16th for points, 
  - 17th in win shares, 
  - top 10 steals, 
  - top 15 points, 
  - top 3 per, 
  - top 10 offensive win shares, 
  - top 10 defensive win shares, 
  - top 10 defensive rating, 
  - top 4 win shares, 
  - top 3 win shares per 48, 
  - top 10 box plus/minus, 
  how can you honestly argue kyrie is the second best in the league ? 
  [ source ] ( http://www.basketball-reference.com/leagues/nba_2017_leaders.html ), 
  you have n't cited any statistical evidence that kyrie is better than kawhi or curry , only that you think he 'll be better than them just because ty has n't used him enough . 
  statistically speaking , there is no evidence or metric which backs up your claim . 
  curry played 79 games vs. kyrie 's 72 vs. kawhi 's 74 . 
  all i see is that curry outranks him in everything except blocks by 1/10th of a point . 
  what are you arguing ? 
  i did , and there is no data showing kyrie is better than curry , even with the link you provided me . 
  nor is he better than kawhi . 
  so one play makes him better ? 
  pull up for a 3pter ? 
  how is that remarkable and how does that make him better than curry despite performing performing worse than him over the entirety of both of their careers ? 
  [ what do you mean you 've never seen curry do that ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8uqfp_nt1o ), 
  you 're inching closer and closer to feels over reals here , pal . 
  [ here 's a play where he does the exact same moves as kyrie with the same result . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/f8uqfp_nt1o?t=1m28s ), 
  so , you ca n't prove that he 's better with stats , you say he 's never hit a pull up three but proven wrong , so now you 're changing the argument to `` curry has never hit a game winner in the finals . '', 
  that 's your parameter ? 
  is steve kerr better than lebron because he hit a finals winning shot but lebron has n't ? 
  you have provided absolutely no evidence indicating kyrie is better under any measurement or circumstance , so you resort to one highlight . 
  you 've wasted your time arguing your feelings versus verifiable statistics . 
  in what way did he `` outduel '' him ? 
  hitting a game winner ? 
  did that game winner give him finals mvp or 2 regular season mvps like curry has ? 
  why is only one section of the season an indicator of who is better ? 
  why not take head to head in the regular season into account too ? 
  because there 's no numbers that back kyrie up as a superior player , so you resort to highlight reels from one game . 
  your argument makes no sense and you 've argued absolutely nothing of value or anything that can be tested or proven , therefore your statements are irrelevant . 
  i have repeatedly shown you , with numbers , that kyrie does not stack up to curry in any way , shape , or form , so you resort to youtube highlights . 
  kyrie irving has never been nor ever will be better , and anybody who can look at a webpage or watch a game can see that unless they 're insanely biased . 
  you 've argued nothing of value . 
  have fun getting reamed . 
  you just come off as an asshole for no reason, 
  who ? 
  i would n't be too cocky if i were you . 
  justified to what ? 
  by the grace of god , thankfully . 
  sounds like you 're scared of lebron being considered the goat, 
  when was the last time we were considered one of the most prestigious jobs in the country ? 
  bob knight ? 
   mitchell robinson is literally going to western kentucky, 
  that 's because they 're cheating, 
   we should be competing for every top midwestern recruit , especially the ones that come out of indy , which is something we have been unable to do, 
  also , this is bullshit . 
  top chicago and indiana kids go to duke and kentucky , we should n't `` be competing '' for anyone . 
  i kind of agree with osu dude up there ; we have a very long way to go before we should be considered prestigious again and i was n't thrilled with crean 's firing . 
  he did the best he could with what he had , and i 'm not really sold on archie just yet since he 's coming from an inferior conference where he had one magical year but outside of that could never escape the first week . 
  still think kyrie is the second best in the league ? 
  tell me who wins finals mvp , i 've become bored watching you guys get blown out and kyrie missing open layups . 
  unc , duke , ucla , arizona , kentucky , kansas , florida , louisville , michigan , syracuse , texas , michigan state , oregon , arkansas , notre dame , uconn . 
  i think you 're having a bit of delusion about how good of a program we are . 
  `` better than mediocre '' and '' '' '' '' `` perennial top big ten program '' '' '' '' '' do n't mean much in a world of giants such as duke . 
  is it not okay to face reality and understand that we are not what we used to be and it is unlikely we will be when we got to that `` top '' point because of one of the greatest coaches of all time ? 
  i 'm not asking you to be okay with poor performances , i 'm asking you to be realistic about our future and who we are , and the fact is we 've never been able to do unc or kentucky dynasties of insane recruiting classes and records and championships and our name is not as sexy or prestigious as the dukes or kentuckys of the league today . 
  i noticed you smartly did not refute my point about mitchell robinson though lol, 
  uconn has 4 championships , all since 1999 . 
  notre dame and uconn have money to spend on basketball if your only argument for iu is `` munny thooo '' . 
  texas , oregon , michigan , and florida have seen better success than iu in the past 20 or so years and all have much larger athletic budgets , again referring back to your money quip . 
  arkansas has the history and athletic budget , too . 
  not to mention austin , eugene , ann arbor , and gainesville are more attractive destinations for 18 year old men with equal or better facilities . 
  you 've got too much faith in our average program destined to go nowhere . 
  well that 's ten total jobs better than iu . 
  i did what you asked of me , now get out my inbox . 
  sounds like you 're just upset that we 'll never be what we used to . 
  i suggest following kentucky , then you 'll get the results you desire the most . 
  that 's really cool , dude . 
  you yourself admitted 10 jobs were better than iu , there is nothing left for us to discuss , now stop messaging me . 
  i like that because i disagree with you , i 'm not using my head . 
  sorry i do n't conform to your standards , master of basketball coaching . 
  stay out my inbox, 
  [ everyone expected gs to go 16-0 ] ( https://www.si.com/nba/2017/05/29/nba-finals-predictions-warriors-cavaliers-preview-lebron-james ) and for [ you guys to lose in < 5 ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/www.cbssports.com/nba/news/2017-nba-playoffs-second-round-picks-brackets-predictions/amp/ ) so i 'm not sure what your point is, 
  i hate the nba, 
  why do the basketball gods hate us so ? 
  lem me tell you i am fucking laughing, 
  i think i would never watch another nba game again if the fucking warriors got him, 
  the hardest road, 
  but he 's like a better javale mcgee, 
  in like , every way lol, 
  edit : i just remembered javale mcgee and kyrie irving now have the same amount of rings . 
  what a time, 
  my pride says no but my basketball fan says `` why would n't you ? '', 
  no more second fiddle in a city that was never yours and never would be only to get back with that sweet sicromoft money and hipster hoes ? 
  sign me up for the ballmer experience pls, 
  ahhh my ears, 
  well , i like college hoops more anyway .
