this is a great metaphor for germany in ww2 . 
  drank all the beer and then was hangover for a week . 
  i often think to myself what kind of tragic event needs to happen so people of europe will actually react . 
  its balkan all over . 
  guess we need another srebrenica . 
  there is no logical solution here . 
  you keep thinking its some rational time x grief x whatever = happy . 
  you are right . 
  just remember that its hard to move on when you lost 2 sons . 
  once we are all dead , nobody will care anymore . 
  its enough for who ? 
  i lost everything in that war , its not enough for me nor will it ever be . 
  fuck you for thinking you know whats enough for me to forget that i lost everything . 
  same way people still wave confederate flags . 
  did you even read the comment onto which i replied ? 
  it says its following bulgarian and slovakian example man ... 
  you got it wrong . 
  all hdz problems are because of communists and udba . 
  all troubles for serbs are from western europe/america/croatia hating on poor little serby . 
  i think its great . 
  guys , you got issues feeding the southern parts of italy , god forbid you took croatia under your wing . 
  bankrupcy in 3,2,1 ... 
  you leave tesla alone you maniacs . 
  and not stalins brother ? 
  it was all fun and games until croatian leader tito died ,10 years it took for serbs to get power hungry and destroy what we all built for decades . 
  edit : let us not forget that log revolutions goal was to create independant states that would join mother serbia . 
  we had to . 
  remember when this happend ? 
   the representatives of vojvodina , kosovo and montenegro were replaced with loyalists of the president of serbia , slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 . 
  serbia secured four out of eight federal presidency votes [ 17 ] and was able to heavily influence decision-making at the federal level , since all the other yugoslav republics only had one vote . 
  while slovenia and croatia wanted to allow a multi-party system , serbia , led by milo\u0161evi\u0107 , demanded an even more centralized federation and serbia 's dominant role in it . 
  [ 18 ] at the 14th extraordinary congress of the league of communists of yugoslavia in january 1990 , the serbian-dominated assembly agreed to abolish the single-party system ; however , slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 , the head of the serbian party branch ( league of communists of serbia ) used his influence to block and vote-down all other proposals from the croatian and slovene party delegates . 
  this prompted the croatian and slovene delegations to walk out and thus the break-up of the party , [ 19 ] a symbolic event representing the end of `` brotherhood and unity '' . 
  then we can agree that the serbs in croatia shouldnt have rebelled and probably would not have done so if belgrade didnt orchestrated the whole thing ? 
  so serbs will forever be afraid of croats ? 
  and that made you go to war ? 
  edit : heres a fun read http://www.prometej.ba/clanak/copy-paste/boris-dezulovic-secate-li-se-oluje-2129, 
  was nice talking to you . 
  ring me up in 20 or so years when you idiots actually feel remorse over what you did to whole yugoslavia . 
  remember who started the war ? 
  gotovina didnt commit war crimes . 
  ask in hague for more info . 
  who lied to you that we got no sandy beaches ? 
  polish people , please , croatia calls thy . 
  would you have a killer teach kids in a kindergarden ? 
  like a proper killer someone who took pride in what he was doing . 
  no , you would not . 
  no matter how much you change or want to change he was for a few years a complete lackey dog of milosevic . 
  obviously a man of weak character . 
  are you kidding me rofl ? 
  why comment if you dont care dumbass ? 
  what a lovely day . 
  butthurt is strong in serbia . 
  its like if ukraine finally kicked some russian ass and russia cries 20 years later about it . 
  just our crazy neighbour serbia . 
  thats why they got the brooms in the first place , to sweep up the parts . 
  had to scroll all the way to the bottom to quell my rage at this injustice . 
  its croatian attack on serbian lottery . 
  from recent pictures seen here i think croatia needs to up the prices . 
  dude you are saying people dislike some town because it supported ss regiment in the friggin ww2 . . 
  do serbians have nothing better to do then hate on stuff from 70 years ago ? 
  holy shit !, 
  slovakia always causing troubles . . 
  there were some tapes but nothing serious . . 
  so tesla is croatian . 
  thank you europe !, 
  i ment on balkan but also i just exaggerated . 
  was not familiar with this . 
  if this type of thing happend here im afraid there would be bodies on pikes , burned villages and extermination camps . 
  such is life . 
  anyway great protest and like i said its amazing you lot stayed calm and collected . 
  same , cant spot rivers easily . . 
  wow croatia , start building lady liberty !, 
  does not matter . 
  only thing that matters is that its there . 
  holy shit at lithuania !, 
  how did you get so small ? 
  orderly liberal croatian here to ruin the fun . 
  wow so liberal for gays . 
  much obedience . 
  such lawfulness . 
  if we are all serbs why is croatia an older country then serbia ? 
  14 year olds on reddit . 
  very proud of my country . 
  itp : butthurt slovakia mad coz croatia more liberal . 
  no man , it dosnt matter what he is . 
  its just a shitty idea and i cringe every time i see it in news . 
  fuck that guy . 
  money trumps everything . 
  [ croatia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijlursuq5bq ), 
  i guess we should be worrying about our boarder dispute with slovenia . . 
  its nice to see serbia bundled with their old friends . 
  croatia didnt get any description . . so lonely . . 
  sometimes being popular is not good . 
  ask russia . 
  now kith . 
  it exploded even before the show . 
  now its ridiculous . 
  nope , just serbia . 
  leave it to serbia to ruin someones day .
