  closer to hungary here , eating gulash and paying taxes . . 
  `` serbia has undergone a remarkable transformation from the `` reluctant europeaniser '' to `` the best pupil in class '' '' from the article . 
  just lol . 
  what i did today ? 
  paid taxes . 
  this liste is bulishit !, 
  trojan ... 
  i dont think we should trust this dude , guys . . 
  its like these two powers keep the area in as much turmoil as possible to make them weaker . . 
  as we can see serbian `` lets make babies '' plan almost worked . 
  how is it unholy if they are islamists ? 
  til : triglav is the mountain in slovakia and is also on their flag !, 
  the more you know !, 
  man id expect norway to use such bold claims not someone who can see himself same way we do , we are small but we try our best . 
  erm . 
  they took our little bosnia . . 
  now that we understand this , lets continue shall we . 
  isnt mexico the scariest motherfucking place in the world atm ? 
  im sure they dont need ak47 . 
  its concentrated pure awesomeness , not some shit piss latte moca dicka . 
  whole soviet union stockpiled weapons like its god damn christmas whole year long for years . 
  if you think that weapon is obsolete , its not . 
  dude . 
  you two were bros in crime , wtf ? 
  which means croatia alteast banned them and if your not familiar those people do get arrested by the police . 
  serbia ofcourse continues to be closer to its eastern cousins . 
  im just glad countries of ex yugoslavia dont have to be alone in listening this serbian nonsense each week . 
  so when exactly is croatia getting that vojvodina slice ? 
  you can leave out the quotation marks . 
  if you think oluja was on your soil then il gladly take some vojvodina for my soil . 
  so ronry . . 
  and no croatian flag ? 
  you fucking ortodox cunts !, 
  fuck you serbia for forgetting us !, 
  its nice to see a country so small like slovenia to have this much pride !, 
  i love slovakian mountains . 
  can we all here agree if any of this shit ( differentiated internet ) happens , cars will burn ? 
  jesus romania relax a little with those arrests these days . 
  oh man for a moment seeing slovenia mentioned i thought youre croatian . 
  but yeah , same here . 
  bosnian civil war . . is this how we are gon na call russian aggression on ukraine in 20 years ? 
  why do you need northen ireland ? 
  why do you need sardinia ? 
  why do you need creta ? 
  jesus fucking christ at the retarded fucking question . 
  point that europe , not european union but europe is standing idly is the same way it stood when hitler made his claims of sudeten and so on . 
  thats the point of their letter . 
  unless you didnt understand the part about munich betrayal . 
  it should not be `` ok '' to arm rebels in order to annex a country next to you . 
  end of discussion . 
  can it move a bit south too ? 
  cant we just invade all the way there ? 
  does yugo count ? 
  yay croatia !, 
  nvm im not from yugoslavian goverment families or franjo tudmans family & friends . 
  but they won . 
  and we all know how history works . 
  i have a feeling kings landing will be overcrowded this year . . 
  and why should there be consequences ? 
  what is this a fucking dictatorship ? 
  bill didnt do shit wrong when compared to fucking slobo . 
  rarely a house in croatia wont have them . 
  i came !, 
  it will be a male son !, 
  il make his brothers a year from now !, 
  serbia has assistance from gypsies but we have bosna kebab children . 
  fuck this !, 
  im cummin in my wife today !!!!!!!, 
  `` all y' all '' brat . 
  bro before your chimney would be clogged i think it would sooner caught on fire !, 
  sorry bout that !, 
  should also add that postojna cave in the pic . 
  triglav looks so awesome !, 
  way too young bro . 
  i think it might be something like , jesus took away his weapons and is trying to tell him that what hes doing is bad . 
  i loved zadar . 
  croatia , country split in two . 
  no , because they say `` bunch of gypsies '' . 
  i find it hard to believe that there would be 1000 young guys all going rape mode . . 
  youre a meterologist and your asking me about climate then . 
  you can explain to me our climate then !, 
  inland you get continental climate . 
  near coast you get mediteranean climate . 
  betwen those two there are mountains to stop them from mixing too much . 
  its magic . 
  show off !, 
  . . damn , srbosjek does no damage to slovenes . . 
  germany is more and more acting like a passive agressive cunt . 
  either get your army on the greece boarders or stfu . 
  what the fuck happend with all the slavs in europe ? 
  i swear even serbia is making more sense then these polish/czech cunts who didnt even see 1 immigrant . 
  we are such good guys . 
  money well spent . 
  i dont get it . 
  for years we kept hearing here in croatia how poland is growing stronger and stronger and then i hear some retards won elections ? 
  how did that happen ? 
  all ya maniacs wanting to live in hungary instead of croatia are cray cray . 
  what !, 
  relax little bro . 
  we shall export to saudis .
