  kingslanding . 
  yeah about same people thing , id go one further and say whole europe is the same people just with huge cultural differences . . 
  croatian reporting in . 
  life is awesome !, 
  so because serbs breed like crazy since ww2 , we get to lose parts that they moved to ? 
  lets get bosnia then aswell !, 
  they do not pale . 
  nothing pales when it comes to killing , pillaging and destroying towns and villages . 
  he was making fun of how we are always under someones boot . 
  ofcouse a serb has to come by and start some retarded shit about ww2 . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  a serbian crying over genocide of ww2 while forgetting the deeds done only 20 years ago . 
  coz serbia is kicking ass and taking names economy wise right ? 
  to a soviet occupation ? 
  libert\u00e9 , \u00c9galit\u00e9 , fragilit\u00e9 - do i just pretend this is meant to be read in serious tone or wtf . 
  this is what you would name 3 piggies . 
  nonsense . 
  god damnit i ended up looking up all sorts of croatia hotel videos . 
  we are better so im ok now . 
  yes and happily accept great serbia . 
  oh boy such choices !, 
  which one ? 
  thats kinda not as important as having enough money for food , drink and living conditions . 
  is croatia to electric cars what germany is to internal combustion cars ? 
  and will stay there until he gets killed . 
  from the days of splitting with czech republic and all that , to today a proud nation !, 
  didnt you hear him the first time ? 
  its shit . 
  well how do i join ? 
  god damnit that looks awesome in montanegro !, 
  god damn we got a croatian tesla making cars here but nobody gives a shit . 
  the pessimism in our country is stronk . 
   well maybe if you did not listen to a guy called slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 , nobody would have to die . 
  your post proves my post . 
  thanks . 
  people here think some fucking gran in romania will sure as fuck hop on a train to learn spanish , if anything that would spark an outrage . 
  english is fine . 
  give me a break . 
  why not turkish then ? 
  why not any of the slavic languages ? 
  theres no intellectual creativity ruined if we can both work together and understand each other with english . 
  theres only profit . 
  dosnt seem like it took much to convince you . 
  it does ? 
  ok , apply that logic to russia-ukraine , putin is giving the green light to rebels and aids them . 
  who on ukraine side is to blame ? 
  so ronry oh so ronry . . 
  and yet china is hacking the world . 
  actually agree . 
  lets see how long till a slovenian comes and says `` its potica !!!, 
  and hes a redditor for one day . 
  its more `` xx years ago versus now '' . 
  sardinia . 
  where is the god damn orehnja\u010ca !? 
  it just pains me when you tell me , `` its a pile of rubble '' . 
  as if croatia decided to destroy yugoslavia . 
  if anyone is to blame its nationalism fueled by milo\u0161evi\u0107 . 
  listen man , i dont know what your deal is . 
  but im happy that if shit is fucked ( according to you , for me its actually nice ) atleast the only one to blame is ourselves and not belgrade or whoever . 
  talk about nostalgia tripping . 
  yugoslavia was awesome for mostly serbs . 
  never saw this in my life . 
  seeing its not even in croatian language says enough . 
  because if milosevic didnt go on full retard with serbian nationalism and putting puppets in vojvodina , crna gora and kosovo , tudjman and izetbegovic would never get in power . 
  it was a joke . 
  oh right thats why serbians even today have their own political party in croatia . 
  show me croatian political party in serbian goverment . 
  `` you '' stands for serbians . 
  edit : letting go ? 
  ofcourse i wont let go , same way ukraine wont let go of russian agression that is happening at the moment . 
  i have no idea if you ever lived in yugoslavia but it wasnt amazing . 
  life is better then it ever was . 
  war never brings improvement . 
  but you cant make an omlet without breaking an egg . 
  my wrinkles assume i was . 
  the war crimes tribunal accused slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 of `` attempting to create a greater serbia '' ' , a serbian state encompassing the serb-populated areas of croatia and bosnia , and achieved by forcibly removing non-serbs from large geographical areas through the commission of the crimes . 
  radovan karad\u017ei\u0107 , former president of republika srpska , and ratko mladi\u0107 , former chief of staff of the army of the republika srpska ; both charged with war crimes , including genocide , by the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia in the hague . 
  thats all i need and im happy . 
  whatever is said here does not matter , everything is over but never will i ever forget what happend . 
  i learned at a very young age to not call for my parents because they werent there anymore . 
  thanks for shelling dubrovnik . 
  master race . 
  show me greater croatia . 
  i for one am happy with croatia , the country im living in . 
  well maybe if you did not listen to a guy called slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 , nobody would have to die . 
  [ you will never guess ] ( http://watchersonthewall.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/dubrovnik.jpg ), 
  gemi\u0161tek is for breakfast , rakija is for dinner . 
  such is life . 
  you wrote slovenia twice in the title . 
  theres too much money for such talks to happen . 
  russia can just turn to china then and be fine . 
  now we dont need a even stronger china . 
  can croatia into schengen ? 
  that is indeed a great system but lets be honest , larger states always get their way . 
  still im all for unification , army and all that jazz . 
  if 50 years pass maybe you can convince someone who didnt live thro all this , like they do with nacistic germany these days . 
  until then go fuck yourself . 
  slovenia needs like 0 reasons to revolt these days . 
  brat , its not that bad . 
  thats nice when theres 500 of you and half of those are your cousins .
