  i never had to ski in the army , we had snow for less than two days . 
  i think he meant we do n't have such elite here . 
  as a finn i 'm jealous . 
  there 's some decent kebab available , maybe even some good , but at least 95 % of the places serve awful shit . 
  people seem to like it anyway . 
  we desperately try to be ranked # 1 in pessimism too . 
  while we love kebab , it 's not very easy to get good kebab here . 
  why the fuck do people share pizzas instead of everyone eating their own ? 
  yeah , clearly they should . 
  i 've seen falafel cause huge arguments . 
  something this huge becoming profitable after about 40 years may be very good for a nation but bad for a private company . 
  also a lot of companies in helsinki and tallinn might benefit from the tunnel , which again would be good for both nations but irrelevant to whatever private company decided to build the tunnel . 
  but hellinn and helen do n't sound similar at all . 
  http://www.snopes.com/rumors/pershing.asp i guess you 're talking about this ? 
  did n't happen . 
  i remember hearing that powerful people there often tried to block any laws that they thought could potentially be used against them . 
  this led to pretty liberal laws , but also made it hard to get anything done . 
   obviously the law not existing specifically for marital rape does not mean it was legal . 
  i do n't know about turkey or korea , but generally the legality of rape in a marriage depends on how well the other laws cover it and what kind of a rape are we talking about . 
  it used to be , and still is to some extent , a common view in many cultures that a wife gives her husband the right to have sex with her when she gets married . 
  thus she has already consented and ca n't withdraw this consent anymore . 
  i 've encountered this opinion even this year in western countries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marital_rape#legal_changes it 's there , first sentence of the last paragraph under that header . 
  there 's the source too . 
  rape does n't ( usually ) happen because people ca n't get sex otherwise . 
  a lot of rapists are guys who could easily get sex . 
  even cosby could have probably had a ton of consensual sex with women since he was rich , famous and well liked . 
  he did n't want consensual sex . 
  i understand those points totally . 
  i only really commented on the `` nobody wants to avoid gypsies too '' part . 
  soviet leaders were n't all identical either . 
  sure the entire system wo n't suddenly change , but some things might . 
  assuming the gypsy child is young enough , why would it really matter that he or she is a gypsy ? 
  it 's not like any of the culture will be inherited . 
  of course if you adopt an older kid things may be different . 
  also , depending on where you live , you may have good barbecue and mexican food available . 
  i wish we had those . 
  ... and not much else  :(, 
  how can you be that sure ? 
  when an individual person is as important as putin is , his personality and abilities are probably very important . 
  if he 's replaced , who knows how capable the next leader will be ? 
  i do n't mean that things are guaranteed to change or even that they might change completely , but i think it 's too early to say that nothing will change . 
  a common tactic with extremists of all sorts . 
  it 's kinda close to dog-whistling really . 
  yeah but it 's a horrible trend . 
  we could give turku away . 
  danger 5 , it 's on netflix . 
  i hate those limits . 
  in finland if i could n't pay like 0.50 $ with a card , i 'd just take my business permanently elsewhere . 
  here in finland they mostly give only 20s . 
   taste of aged , curdled semen oh god , ca n't unread . 
  did you read the article ? 
  it 's not saying that english nationalism is wrong , but that people should actually talk about it openly . 
  yeah , true . 
  also it can help you talk about the actual differences between views rather than arguing against straw men . 
  you can understand the other side and also think that the other side is full of shit . 
  it 's a ( kinda ) parody account . 
  we 're not all like this and i 'm actually a very social person . 
  i just try avoid awkward situations and confrontations to the extreme . 
  i do n't mind sitting next to someone and i greet my family and friends by saying something like `` hey '' . 
  handshakes are for formal stuff , kiss on the cheek is for when i deal with french people . 
  ehh , i 've gotten in the wrong bus a couple of times because i was too embarrassed to say that it 's the wrong one . 
  also one time i realized very soon that it was the wrong one but i did n't want to get off immediately and instead played it cool and sat in the bus for a longer time to make it seem like i was in that bus on purpose . 
  yeah but that slippery road warning was because the temperature dropped close to 0 . 
  nah , that picture 's clearly taken during summer . 
  we have plenty of light then . 
  that 's quite different from a `` look of utter hatred '' though . 
  i 've heard someone explain that back in the day the people with any sort of power ( nobility i guess ? ), 
  in poland were very strongly against almost any new rules and restrictions , since they were afraid those rules could somehow be used against them . 
  also , if they admitted that they 're weak , they 'd lose a lot of their attraction in the eyes of the people who consider joining them . 
  to get that nice cold air inside too . 
  it 's otherwise too warm . 
  another issue is the dependence on russian economy . 
  yeah but the point is that the people who talk bs about terroir disagree about that . 
  to them it 's magic inherent to france . 
  there does seem to come at least a lot of melodic death metal from finland . 
  unfortunately it 's one of my least favorite metal styles ( tends to bee too much melodick and not enough death ) . 
  however there 's plenty of great doom metal here too . 
  she was replaced because she was a diva and the rest of the band got tired of her . 
  but i can speak english the same way it 's written and nobody will find it weird at all . 
  i ca n't do that in finnish . 
  it would sound extremely strange and way too formal for almost any situation . 
  my gf is a foreigner and she 's constantly frustrated by how different the written and spoken languages are ( even ignoring any regional dialects ) . 
  of course school books and language courses teach almost only written language . 
  i 've always heard it as rupasu , runkkupaskasuihku . 
  sounds better that way i think , and you can then also use it like a verb : `` rupasin eilen illalla '' . 
  i have no idea . 
  anyway i would n't take drinks to a sauna in a hotel or any place like that , but in any private sauna or a sauna in an apartment building i would . 
  all my life i 've seen people drink beer , cider etc in a sauna . 
  this conversation actually made me curious since i always thought that my experiences were the norm but apparently they 're not . 
  in a hotel or spa , sure . 
  otherwise in every taloyhti\u00f6 ( no idea what 's this in english ) i 've just seen glass bottles banned . 
  i drink canned beer in the sauna where i live . 
  okay . 
  has n't been my experience . 
  hesburger 's fries have always been very soft and tasteless . 
  plastic is fine , so is aluminum can . 
  this is seriously the first time i hear anyone say that beer drinking should n't happen in sauna . 
  the entire idea is completely absurd , just like if someone told me that throwing water on the stove should n't happen in sauna . 
  i somewhat prefer hesburger 's hamburgers to mcd 's , but i think the fries in hesburger are much worse .
