  seoul would be badly damaged but far from a total ruin . 
  of course that 's still serious enough that the situation should be avoided if possible . 
  maybe they 're some old ones in a medieval castle or something . 
  problem is that a small minority of people own the companies and will own the robots . 
  they wo n't voluntarily share their profits . 
   i had very little control of my car but that 's what makes it fun . 
  i know , it kinda annoys me too . 
  however , -20 in strong wind can be worse than -30 and no wind at all . 
  mainly i just hate how often people from some other countries talk about the perceived temperature with wind chill and do n't mention at all what the actual air temperature is . 
  a lot of those soldiers came from the warm southern soviet union . 
  they were n't used to cold . 
  thicker than usual biking shorts . 
  yeah but helsinki is a windy city . 
  forecast website says that it feels like -26 there because of the wind . 
   language is hard , but you 'll definitely manage with english . 
  only big multinational companies like nokia will hire people that do not speak finnish , so the job `` avenue '' is quite narrow . 
  those two combined cause a lot of problems for foreigners . 
  learning finnish can be tough when nobody will talk finnish with you even if you try , but then you wo n't get a decent job unless you speak finnish well . 
  i have a lot of foreign friends , including people from asia and africa , and this is something they talk a lot about . 
  the guy you replied to is an alt-right nazi . 
  his/her concept of nationalism is an ethnic one . 
  he would n't care at all if miss france was of some white non-french descent . 
  also his account is very new so it 's probably an alt of someone . 
  arguing is futile since he does n't care about rationality . 
  browsing through the downvoted posts in this thread is fun . 
  some people really have issues . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  fair enough . 
  the subject does tend to lead to really shitty discussions . 
  generally i 'm not a fan of solutions that rely on telling people to change their habits . 
  it does n't work . 
  incentivizing people to change their habits works better , but even that 's not enough . 
  after all private consumers are n't directly responsible for most emissions . 
  a huge amount of that soy goes to feeding animals . 
  yeah i know , but i meant to ask that would n't it be good to also eat less meat ? 
   instead of eating less meat , people should move to the south . 
  why does it have to be one or the other ? 
  but does n't a big part of agriculture go to feeding animals ? 
  you need a lot more plants to feed enough animals to feed one human being than you 'd need if you skipped the animal . 
  anyway , even just switching from beef to chicken or pork has a significant effect . 
  if meat consumption goes down , the prices may go down in the short term since nobody wants the existing stock to spoil . 
  however eventually the meat production will also go down since the profits have gone down . 
  also everyone who reduces their meat consumption makes it easier for others to do the same . 
  stores and restaurants start catering more to vegetarian diets , food articles in popular newspapers start writing about vegetarian food and recipes exposing it to people who would n't go look for the stuff online etc. 
  it 's not a sudden change , but it can be faster than many anticipate . 
  i 'm an omnivore , but i eat vegetarian food somewhat often since it 's nowadays very easy to do . 
  it was n't as easy five years ago . 
  i do , it 's delicious . 
  yes please , it 's really tasty . 
  yeah there 's a lot of guggenheim museums . 
  i do n't think the ones outside bilbao have been very succesful . 
  i 've definitely heard it , but not very often . 
  it depends a lot on what kind of people you interact with . 
  i actually think that mansplaining is a somewhat real ( though maybe exaggerated ) phenomenon , i just hate the name because it leads to all sorts of stupidity . 
  half the time i 've seen or heard the word used it 's been used wrong . 
  it 's not supposed to mean any time a man explains anything to a woman or disagrees with a woman . 
  with a lot of these terms i feel like they 've first been used by a small group of people who talk a lot to each other . 
  they coin a new definition because it makes the discussion easier for them and they 'll all know the proper definition well . 
  everything so far is fine . 
  then the terms they use spread outside the group and people start using them wrong . 
  if someone just hears the word `` mansplaining '' and is told that it 's bad and wrong , how the fuck are they going to know what it even means ? 
  with a word like that they 'll probably assume it just means that a man is explaining something . 
  then it 'll depend on their personality if they 'll think it 's a stupid word or if they 'll start using it in arguments . 
  that sounds very interesting . 
  i have n't bought any other type of garlic in a very long time . 
  cow, 
  i feel like southern and either western or eastern are n't mutually exclusive . 
  wealthy and well educated people are n't less likely to believe in weird bs . 
  i remember reading somewhere that in some ways they 're actually more susceptible to that stuff , since they believe they 're smart and that they ca n't be fooled easily . 
  here in finland with most new cards you can just touch the machine if the charge is 25 $ or less . 
  every now and then it 'll ask you to enter your pin so that if someone 's stolen your card , they ca n't safely go and buy cheap stuff with it . 
  it 's very fast . 
  most countries do n't seem to have machines or cards that can do that . 
  kalmari means squid in finnish , so i propose a greyjoy style flag . 
  care to explain what it has to do with bad linguistics ? 
  i 've actually read that a lot of old cultures did n't have a specific word for blue . 
  instead they may have had various words that also described some shades of blue . 
  if you think about it , a proper pure shade of blue is very rare in nature except for the sky . 
  it 's easy to imagine people not having a specific word just for blue until artificial blue dyes became more common . 
  that 's bird food . 
  what 's up with greece ? 
  i 'm supposed to fly to split tomorrow with my gf . 
  i 'm getting kinda nervous . 
  out of curiosity , why ? 
  eh , should be doable given enough alcohol . 
  no chance though if they have to be sober . 
  when i was a cashier , old people often came to pay their 2 $ stuff with 500 $ bills . 
  of course they were always the first customers of the day too . 
  also a worker that gets paid will participate in the economy by purchasing goods and services . 
   also frequently the hands of relatives were cut off when rubber quotas were n't met - not of the male laborers - thus allowing them to keep working ( the men ) . 
  yeah . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/nsala_of_wala_in_congo_looks_at_the_severed_hand_and_foot_of_his_five-year_old_daughter%2c_1904.jpg ) is one picture that 's been haunting me for a long time . 
  it 's a man staring at the hand and foot of his five-year old daughter . 
  last time i saw that picture posted on reddit i saw several apologists explaining that this stuff must have been exaggerated or completely fabricated because treating your workers or slaves like that would be unprofitable . 
   the only funny one is `` salmon snake '' . 
  that name is a funny coincidence really , since the etymology has nothing to do with salmon . 
  there 's a few different theories for the origin of the word . 
  one theory is that the name comes from old swedish * floghdraki * , or flying snake . 
  flogh stayed and became lohi , draki was translated into k\u00e4\u00e4rme . 
  second theory is that lohi comes from old scandinavian word * logi * , for fire .
