  when i think of turkey , i definitely think more of europe than asia . 
  pretty much this . 
  turkey is n't ready to join eu and probably never will , but i think it 's good to keep talking about it . 
  anything that could motivate turkey to push some positive reforms could be good . 
  if a miracle happens and one day turkey meets all the requirements , i 'm totally fine with it joining the union . 
  i 'd actually like it . 
  i just do n't think it 'll happen . 
  edit - when i originally wrote this i did n't think of the countries eu would share a border with if turkey joined . 
  this would certainly be a problem at the moment , but maybe/hopefully some day in the future it wo n't be an issue . 
  i 've had one conversation with a macedonian and he tried to explain to me about how alexander really had nothing to do with greeks and that he was an ancestor of the modern macedonians . 
  he also complained about how greeks try to steal macedonian national identity . 
  i 'm sure not everyone thinks that way , but clearly at least some people do . 
  seriously though i 've heard that the competition had a lot of viewers in australia for some reason , so they were invited . 
  then again , without ever experiencing colonialism they 'd probably be better off . 
  could there be significant regional differences ? 
  it 's a huge country after all . 
  bread , porridge and beer . 
  a lot of people freeze when they 're really afraid . 
  if a guy has already shown that they wo n't believe the girl no matter how many times she says `` no '' , it 's no wonder if she 's scared . 
  just because she does n't start physically fighting does n't mean she 's consenting . 
  it really depends on how you do it . 
  if you press yourself against the woman and keep asking again and again even when she says `` no '' and then she finally goes silent and does n't say it anymore , you 're not exactly on firm ground morally or legally . 
  depends on how you do it . 
  while many puas just practice approaching women better and talking to them , others go straight for groping in public and talk about stuff like how to eliminate `` final moment resistance '' or whatever they call it . 
  that basically means when you 're just about to have sex and the woman says no at the last moment . 
  there 's all sorts of talk about how you can pressure her to change that `` no '' into `` yes '' . 
  the guy this article talks about clearly belongs in the creepiest part of pua community . 
  yes , yes he is . 
  he 's also a pathetic piece of shit . 
  they 're far right . 
  they 're not known for being civilized or smart . 
  yeah , clearly women are more safe in central african republic than in sweden . 
  between norway and sweden maybe , but saying `` in the world '' implies that you 're also comparing it to all developing countries etc. 
  the rape statistics between different countries are n't comparable . 
  i think it has to do with following the religious rules that are easiest and require least sacrifice . 
  it 's easy to give up pork especially if you 've never gotten used to it and the surrounding culture supports your decision . 
  on the other hand a lot of people simply want to use some intoxicating substances every now and then . 
  people of other religions do similar stuff . 
  yeah but nowadays a lot of people rely on calendars on their computer etc and they rarely show week number . 
  i 'm not even sure if windows calendar can be configured to show the numbers . 
  this can be helped by planning the city so that the cheap apartments are n't concentrated on certain areas . 
  this way also the rest of the society ca n't ignore the less wealthy and let their neighbourhoods decay . 
  thanks , that was surprisingly interesting . 
  they open outwards here in finland and what you said is never a problem . 
  finland has those plugs and i 've never ever heard of the problems you mention . 
  sad thing is that some people have this delusion that we could somehow repeat that result . 
  probably not , but they might be willing to use military to pressure european countries to do what russia wants . 
  trump also seems to believe that vaccinations cause autism . 
  are chavs giving the memory of diana swine flu ? 
  but what if this causes people to stop donating sperm ? 
  yeah , horses are tasty . 
  how can you date someone if you live with your parents still ? 
  finland , right ? 
  / r/liturgicalmusic no h. 
  they 're not used for emphasis in most countries . 
  no , i 'm talking about people i know to be religious . 
  they do n't express it like `` fossils are there to test our faith '' or in some other way that could sound like trolling . 
   the problem is that even those who `` believe '' in evolution know very little about it . 
  very much this . 
  it 's particularly frustrating when i see someone argue in favour of evolution and then use arguments that belie his understanding of the theory . 
  that ladder view of evolution comes up often when people think about the possibility of life elsewhere in the universe . 
  somehow there 's the idea that evolution would eventually lead to human-like intelligent beings that use tools , no matter what kind of an environment they 'd live in . 
  also as you said , survival of the fittest is often totally misunderstood . 
  i 'm sure you 've also heard some people claim that human evolution has stopped now since with all the modern medicine etc you do n't have to be fit to survive anymore . 
  they do n't think that there 's still traits that make you more likely to have more offspring . 
  my family is pentecostal and several of my friends come from an area where laestadianism is very common . 
  i have quite a lot of experience on extremely religious anti-science finns . 
  have you considered that the group of people you know is n't a perfectly representative sample of your entire country ? 
  also people who believe in creation do n't always use the word creationism , since it 's not much talked about in public in europe . 
  it lacks branding here . 
  i do n't know about poland , but several other countries have a surprising amount of `` hidden '' support for creationism , even if not the yong earth kind . 
  this sort of support is most of the time invisible since the subject is n't talked about much in the public and people creationists know that they 'd be ridiculed . 
  i live in finland and i 've personally met a lot of creationists . 
  they 're just unlikely to tell you about it . 
  i 've seen plenty of people working various jobs and wearing a headscarf , so clearly you 're wrong about no one wanting to hire them . 
  of course it would help , it just would n't fix the problem entirely . 
   at 27 , he is not a millennial even . 
  he is gen y , if anything https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/millennials it 's a stupid term , but gen y is almost exactly what it means . 
  white is good but milk chocolate is for kids . 
  dark chocolate is awesome , at least up to something like 85-90 % . 
  americans make great chocolate too , but hershey 's tastes like vomit and the only reason anyone likes it is that they 've gotten used to it since kids and have n't tried better stuff . 
  it tastes like you 're eating the same stuff for the second time . 
  not the same at all . 
  a cover is more like a remake . 
  edit - i forgot some words . 
  how would you feel if in your country foreign music was dubbed ? 
  `` oh no we ca n't have the singer singing in english , let 's keep the music but get someone local sing in our language . '', 
  to me it 's pretty much the same . 
  dubbing ruins the movie and it 's better to not see it at all than see a dubbed version . 
  subtitles are really easy to get used to . 
   just imagine i 'd rather not , thanks . 
  oh god , i feel sick just looking at that picture . 
  even you swedes have a reputation for being overly talkative and social here in finland :d, 
  we beat sweden , awesome !, 
  kinda reminds me of the original , really old prince of persia . 
  oh damn , as a finn i have n't seen that number anywhere in the news . 
  i wonder how much is that in absolute numbers though , since we have relatively few muslims . 
  edit - apparently it 's been in the finnish news . 
  another fun thing i have n't seen people mention is that when it 's cold enough , you feel like your eyelids kinda stick together everytime you blink . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's because of the lashes or the lids though .
