hell yeah we do . 
  but how would they separate the native consumption ? 
  we often buy from the same stores as the locals . 
  oh god yes . 
  when i visited edinburgh , i immediately felt like at home . 
  at least in this case , they 'd all be pronounced exactly the same way . 
  though maybe in spoken language kuusi would become kuus in some of those cases but not all . 
  anyway , who would ever need to say that number six or your moon is on fire ? 
  also while all the sentences are correct , some of them would probably be said differently . 
  lemon is fine but milk ? 
  i know : / it was a crappy attempt at a joke , but it 's hard to convey tone through text without overdoing it or adding some stupid tag at the end . 
  why would n't someone drink alone ? 
  oh man , now i 'm hungry and craving raki . 
  raki definitely turns white when you add water , just like ouzo and pastis . 
  ehh , those are n't the best stuff but there are far worse macro beers around the world . 
  not necessarily . 
  a lot of vegetarian options are inexpensive and the reason that meat sometimes is cheaper is that meat is heavily subsidized . 
  growing plants takes a lot less resources that producing meat . 
  there 's plenty of vegetarian protein and fat options . 
  they 're british . 
  it 's english they do n't like being called . 
  the plan already is to defend only the densely populated south and perhaps some strategically important areas . 
  also our current army ca n't defend us much better anyway if our dear east neighbour attacks . 
  that depends on your point of view . 
  i did n't say i 'm scared . 
  maybe i would be if the situation actually comes , i do n't know . 
  i do n't see giving your life for a country as a virtue . 
  it 's not evil and wrong either , but it 's a choice that people should be allowed to make by themselves . 
  joining the army should be like any other job . 
  as for my forefathers , some of them did make huge sacrifices to defend this country . 
  i wo n't deny that . 
  i did n't say we should abolish the army . 
  i think we should start taking steps towards a smaller , paid army . 
   but as said , idealists are not capable of rational thought if the facts are at odds with their ideology . 
  with comments like that it 's obvious you do n't even want any rational discussion . 
  i do n't even consider myself particularly idealistic . 
  closer to a nihilist really . 
  how is it cowardly ? 
  nobody should be expected to give up their life for a piece of land . 
  the idea is utterly ridiculous . 
  i enjoy living in this country , but i enjoy living even more . 
  living elsewhere is better than dying here . 
  and i do n't advocate abandoning the army entirely . 
  i think an army of paid volunteers is the ethical option . 
  it would be smaller , but it 's not like we can do shit anyway if someone decides to invade . 
  also i 've actually been to army . 
  as far as i know most serve 6 months here . 
  that 's actually one major reason many object : civil service takes longer than army . 
  to them it seems like people are punished for not wanting to join the army . 
   they want to abolish compulsory military service altogether as a finn i see nothing wrong with this . 
  a russian invasion would suck , but if that happens i 'll rather try to leave the country than risk my life . 
  also things sucking in russia is no reason to not try to improve things here . 
  yeah sorry , i also did n't read properly where the entire discussion started . 
  since the article mentions 50k cancels per day , what i said does n't apply here at all . 
  i apologize . 
  i was tired when i wrote the comment and did n't realize the context . 
  since the original source actually says that 50k cancel each day , my comment is wrong and irrelevant . 
  when i wrote the comment i was just thinking about a situation where there 's some number , say x , and we continually take 0.2 % of it away . 
  in this kind of a situation you obviously could n't just say that after doing it 90 times you 'd have 18 % less than originally ( it would be closer to 16 % ) . 
  anyway , that 's a completely different situation and does n't apply here at all . 
  that 's not how the math goes . 
  you ca n't just multiply them like that , but i 'm on a mobile now so hopefully someone else will explain properly . 
  edit - i 'm wrong . 
  i did n't read the entire context . 
  most conscripts do n't serve for a year . 
  i know there are cameras here , but somehow they 're not as visible . 
  also those `` report any suspicious activity to the authorities '' posters everywhere added to the paranoid atmosphere . 
  when i visited london i did feel a bit weird seeing cameras everywhere . 
  also there were a lot of signs saying that if i see anything suspicious i should report to authorities . 
  i can symphatize with that american . 
  haha , i totally knew what that link was before clicking it . 
  bmi 25 is overweight but not yet obese . 
  obese is more extreme than that . 
  it does have some negative sides though . 
  nowadays when you travel to some place , it might be very difficult to find anything truly local there . 
  also another big one : the same perpetrator rapes the same victim seven times in one weekend , but it 's all one police investigation and court case . 
  does it get counted as one or seven incidents in the statistics ? 
  while that sounds nice , i 'd much rather have 30 minutes for lunch and finish my day 60 minutes earlier . 
  another issue is that while some people might like sd 's views on immigration , they might have different views on other matters . 
  these other matters may be much more important to a lot of people . 
  ehh , in a lot of office work you wo n't actually be working hard for every second of the entire day . 
  some people spend part of the day talking to each other , some spend time visiting sites like reddit . 
  it 's not that big of a deal unless your bosses are complete dicks or the employees spend way too much time with something other than work . 
  some people also use reddit at work . 
  the company might be okay with people using some of the day to something like reddit , but a site with `` animalporn '' in the url might not be so easy to explain . 
  great song , despite varg being an idiot . 
  that statistic is skewed by those people who marry and divorce many times . 
  for first marriages the percentage is way lower . 
  edit - apparently you mentioned it in another comment already . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star_and_crescent it 's older than islam . 
  ottomans started using it and i guess other countries in the area kinda inherited the symbol from them . 
  ottomans also ventured pretty deep into europe and they considered themselves as the successors of the roman empire . 
  i consider history and culture more important than geography . 
  by that criteria turkey is clearly european rather than asian . 
  as for religion , i 'd really hate it if it mattered . 
  european union is not supposed to be christian union . 
  if turkey manages to become a secular , stable democracy with free press etc , i see no reason anybody should care if the majority there is muslim or not . 
  i do n't disagree with that definition , but historically and culturally turkey is and has been very much part of europe . 
  i suppose it 's a matter of preferences , but i consider those things more important than geography . 
  would you say that turkey is in asia ?
