  you can even check hesburger 's website : their fries have a ton of weird ingredients that should have nothing to do with fries . 
  really ? 
  i 've never seen anyone use one . 
  `` best '' gift . 
  hesburger has the worst fries in the universe . 
  they probably downvoted him/her for saying that you do n't drink beer in the sauna . 
  a lot of people enjoy drinking beer in sauna , you just should n't have it in a glass . 
  the idea that in 2017 there are people without completely unlimited data is just baffling . 
  i got very close to the same spot , just a little more north . 
  this is the first time i 've ever heard of any number of flowers having any relevance . 
  also alt-right has this weird borderline homoerotic obsession with traditional masculinity . 
  being a `` cuck '' is the worst thing they can think of . 
  that 's just a pr move . 
  apparently in finland at least men are much more likely to stay where they 're from while women are more likely to move elsewhere to study and work . 
  this means that in the countryside there are single men who have no chance of finding anyone , while at least bigger cities have a slight surplus of women . 
  same . 
  yeah , but it 's a taste that i ca n't seem to enjoy despite trying . 
  even a tiniest hint of coffee even in dark chocolate which i otherwise love makes me spit it out . 
  i honestly think that people simply do n't want to have many kids . 
  any focus on housing situation , financial issues etc may improve the fertility rate by a tiny bit , but it 's never going to fix it completely . 
  it has n't been many decades since a lot of kids were had `` accidentally '' , nowadays that happens very rarely . 
  also people want to enjoy their youth and when ( if ever ) they feel ready to settle down and have kids , they 're in their 30s and getting multiple kids is n't easy or practical anymore . 
  people used to just get kids , nowadays getting them is a choice . 
  people are choosing no . 
  of course there is . 
  i 've tried a ton of coffees and coffee flavoured things , and there is a certain taste always . 
  just because there 's a diverse variety of different coffees to choose from does n't mean there are n't certain common elements in them . 
  different coffee beans do have some differences in the taste , but the differences are more like the difference between two brands of cola drink than the difference between strawberry and bacon . 
  too low to fit on the list . 
  unfortunately tea culture has never really developed here in finland . 
  often the idea that people have of tea is a microwaved cup of lukewarm water , some vanilla blueberry cow dung lipton teabag and a few teaspoons of sugar . 
  utter shit . 
  there 's been some hints of things changing lately . 
  those who do n't drink coffee obviously have 0 cups every day . 
  the rest have 4-8 cups per day . 
  but all of them have the taste of coffee , which i personally find utterly disgusting . 
  well life is shit so it 's better to drink something that does n't taste like it . 
  meh , i have it without milk . 
  also people used to have far less control over their reproduction . 
  it was n't many decades ago that a significant portion of babies were `` accidents '' . 
  of course that still happens , but much , much less in most western countries . 
  another probably relevant point is that there 's nowadays so much things to do and occupy yourself by that people spend less time just being together , doing nothing and perhaps feeling bored . 
  this sort of doing nothing often leads to sex . 
  apparently major power outages in large cities are followed by a small baby boom nine months later . 
  neither of them are in the european union , so their languages are n't official eu languages . 
  well this is about the ratio , not the absolute numbers . 
  maybe women in finland drink more and kill themselves more often than the women in poland . 
  those look like crap . 
  it was perfectly readable . 
  deep dish is n't even a pizza , it 's a pie or a casserole or something . 
  yeah , it might be a lot of money in * some * places in russia but not in moscow or st. petersburg . 
  funnily it actually is the home of my ex-gf . 
  it 's a nice place . 
  i 've been several times in that place . 
  it 's quite nice , though i can imagine living there might be boring . 
  so families should leave areas where they may have lived for generations ? 
  as a finn i get jealous every time another one of these is posted . 
  our country has some pretty landscapes and pretty much nothing else worth seeing . 
  even the landscapes are n't honestly very varied . 
  also about 45-50 weeks per year the weather is utter shit . 
   aka `` monaco '' because no tax payers live in here . 
  i 've heard people say the same about hervanta . 
  also hervanta has a ton of different nationalities in a small area . 
   i confirm . 
  there 's absolutely nothing in mali . 
  i know it 's not relevant to this conversation , but a lot of very interesting music comes from mali . 
  since i 've never been to latvia yet , that would be nice . 
  well when i went to tallink website and checked the prices for day trips , a trip to tallinn and back was between 28 $ and 43 $ . 
  cheapest one way trips are 19 $ . 
  bringing a car with you costs some extra , the cheapest i saw was 45 $ for one way . 
  i admittedly did n't check how much it is to go in the other direction . 
  people near the border probably do so , but there are much more finns living near the capital than near the russian border . 
  taking a ferry from helsinki to tallinn is cheaper than the gas for driving to russia unless you live very near the border . 
  taxing alcohol is a difficult matter in finland . 
  when the taxes are lowered , the alcohol sales within finland go up . 
  this also includes areas far from the capital where people do not go abroad for cheap liquor . 
  on the other hand when taxes go up , alcohol sales within finland go down but people in the south go more to estonia . 
  it 's hard to say which is really best for national health and which is best for money gained from taxing . 
  also those two interests might not go hand in hand and different political parties might prioritize one or the other . 
  once estonia makes alcohol more expensive , it 'll probably be easier for finland to also keep the taxes high . 
  i do n't think nearly as many finns will be interested in going all the way to latvia for cheap stuff . 
  disregarding the price , it 's just a lot less convenient . 
  also tallinn is a lovely place and many people go there to enjoy the old town on the same trip that they buy liquor . 
  sitting in a bus going to latvia is n't that lovely . 
  like errtsee said , the prices in estonia are about to go up so things are about to change . 
  anyway i 'll talk about how things are now and how they 've been . 
  my prices may be off a little , but not much . 
  you can get from helsinki to tallinn and back for under 30 $ . 
  a 24 pack of beer costs maybe 25 $ in finland and something like 10-11 $ in tallinn . 
  i do n't remember the prices of strong alcohol , but i do remember that the difference between finland and estonia is huge . 
  if you buy a lot of alcohol on your trip , you may be able to save hundreds of euros . 
  of course if you do n't live in helsinki and have to travel there too , you 'll have more expenses and you need to buy even more alcohol on your trip for it to be worth it . 
  people living very far from the capital do n't really do these trips . 
  apparently nowadays a lot of finns also take a bus from estonia to latvia for cheaper alcohol . 
  of course you have to buy a lot of it then for it to be really cheaper . 
  north could n't level entire seoul fast enough . 
  once north fires their artillery , south knows where they are . 
  northern artillery is n't the kind of stuff that can relocate quickly . 
  i read a very good analysis of it somewhere , i 'm just not sure where the heck it was . 
  basically north could kill a lot of people , but their artillery would be neutered pretty fast .
