  again it is difficult to believe that solzhenitsyn worked for kgb . 
   i 'm in the process of reading the gulag archipelago where he actually writes about this himself . 
  in the gulag there was pretty much no way of refusing when the kgb wanted you to become an informer . 
  they 'd threaten to add another 25 years to your sentence ( which they eventually did anyway ) , imprison your family members ( which they eventually did anyway ) or in other cases tempt the prisoners with extra food as the daily rations barely kept them alive . 
  he wrote that he agreed to give information about planned prison breaks by criminals but not political prisoners and did n't produce a single usable report before being sent to another camp . 
   all things considered , he probably has a solid majority without manipulations . 
  well , we do n't really know that . 
  all potentially dangerous opposition is suppressed at grassroot level and then we 're only left with the kremlin-controlled opposition like zhirinovsky whom putin can point at and say `` hey , i might not be perfect but at least i 'm not a complete nutjob like him '', 
  yes , and the risk of getting shot randomly exists everywhere as well . 
  i 'd still rather go for a walk in the centre of tallinn than i would in the centre of mosul . 
  nah , nobody just suddenly * wakes up * in a gulag . 
  first you 'd wake up in the basement of either butyrka or lubyanka ( assuming anybody actually lets you sleep instead of depriving you of sleep for a week as a means of torture to get your confession for whatever they want ) . 
  so idk , when the europol comes knocking in the middle of the night , that 's probably when you should be worried and saying your goodbyes . 
   all those neo-liberals want is to import middle eastern religious nutjobs . 
  terrorists , child rapists , molesters of homosexuals . 
  ... and people wonder why they closed the comment section, 
  they both even have the word union in the name . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  yes , but the wages are not rising anywhere near as fast as the prices are . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzdxdvm26no ) for anybody who does n't know what this is . 
  ah , that 's alright then , not important and we can keep ignoring it, 
  victim blaming yay, 
  or as some would say ... netherlands ? 
  all those people reporting they 've committed suicide, 
  i remember reading a quote by lavrov ( i think ) where he said that not beign able to buy the mistrals was actually a massive profit for russia . 
  because when france refunded the money russia had paid , the sum in roubles was * so much bigger . 
   `` they were trying to hug us , kiss us . 
  one man stole my friend 's bag , ''  to `` distract them from getting pickpocketed '' , you say ? 
  ( why do you even feel the slightest need to wedge in this kind of nonsense apologism ? ), 
  err . . your own quote shows that it * did * distract them from being pickpocketed ? 
   `` in criminal law what 's important is proving a crime , and everyone is equal before the law ''  `` it does n't matter where someone comes from , it matters what they did and that we can prove it . '', 
  sorry , are you saying that equality before law , presumption of innocence and right to a fair trial are controversial ideas these days ? 
  because that 's all he said . 
  tbh 1000 attackers sounded unrealistic and exaggerated from the very beginning but hey , it happened to fit the agenda of a lot of people on this sub . 
  this morning i saw yr.no predict -31 c that feels like -44 c for friday morning in tallinn . 
  they 've changed their prediction to something much milder now but still , not * quite * used to temperatures like that . 
  nope, 
  i do n't know about the legislation in other countries but according to the definition of murder in the estonian penal code murder is :  \u00a7 114 . 
  murder   ( 1 ) manslaughter , if committed :   1 ) in a torturous or cruel manner ;   2 ) in a manner which is dangerous to the public ;   3 ) against two or more persons ;   4 ) at least twice ;   5 ) in connection with robbery or for the purpose of personal gain ;   6 ) in order to conceal another offence or facilitate the commission thereof ;   7 ) by using an explosive device or explosive substance ,   8 ) in retaliation for professional activities ; i 'd say blowing up hundreds of people with an anti-air missile covers quite a lot of those bases . 
  amerikkka *, 
  well , from what i understand sigmar gabriel is the one trying to push this through and not merkel . 
  ice-nine !, 
  or they could put it off until forever as it 's against eu regulations , a * massive * step backwards with regard to supply security and would fuck ukraine over massively while we 're pumping money into the country to keep it from collapsing . 
  should 've said they needed to widen a highway , then it 's [ alright with russia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khimki_war_memorial ) . 
  `` at least i got flowers '', 
  til afghans are syrians, 
  i somehow doubt people escaping a murderous regime would stick around in the country for language courses anyway . 
  but would you be shocked if the government was buying the same oil from those turkish individuals ? 
  probably not . 
  this is because many people completely lose their ability to reason logically whenever they see the letters isds . 
  industrialisation that was largely paid for with grain exported abroad at a time when * millions * were dying of of hunger at home . 
  i wonder how much that had to do with factories massively inflating their production results on paper to reach the mandatory quotas in order to avoid being sent to the gulag for sabotage . 
   why keep talking about all that ? 
    `` and that is what they us all say today , those who did not themselves suffer , who were themselves the executioners , or who have washed their hands of it , or who put on an innocent expression : why remember all that ? 
  why rake over old wounds ? 
  ( their wounds !! ), 
    `` lev tolstoi had an answer for that -- to biryukov : ` what do you mean , why remember ? 
  if i have had a terrible illness , and i have succeeded in recovering from it and been cleansed of it , i will always remember it gladly . 
  the only time i will refuse to remember is when i am still ill and have got worse , and when i wish to deceive myself . 
  if we remember the old and look it straight in the face , then our new and present violence will also disclose itself . ''' - aleksandr solzhenitsyn, 
   you 're both right , but i think the perspective of sarkat11 has the important additional point that at the time of the robbery one of the guys had a serious fear of being robbed himself without a chance of even making a fight of it . 
   yes , but only because he threw away his gun because . . err . . he feared it might be disloyal . 
   as soon as such a claim is proved what many people here seem to be forgetting is that erdogan is exactly like putin . 
  he 'll just say the [ proof does n't prove anything . 
  it 's not like it has n't been [ reported on before ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/anasayfa_report-more-than-100000-fake-turkish-passports-given-to-isil_377534.html ) either . 
  idk , does turkey get many earthquakes that cause 15m tsunamis ? 
  i would n't even know where to get any, 
  i wish, 
  yeah , if anything using nukes in 1945 was the saner option . 
  an invasion would have cost millions of lives . 
  well , they * kind of * are . 
  on monday , us planes bombed 283 oil trucks and a few days earlier they bombed 116 trucks . 
  especially ones returning from bombing raids on russian ethnic groups as well . 
  then again wars have * not * been started over far worse things, 
  a bit north of [ this island ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/place/vaindloo/@59.7820681,25.126735,8z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x4693c7ddc3edbe63:0x94e508971b9d1db8 ) . 
  literally in the middle of nowhere . 
   ( which is weird , because reddit tells me that they want to invade their neighbors ?! ), 
  are you telling me there are people on reddit who do n't know what they 're talking about ? 
  apparently not acknowledging the fact that they occupied a country illegally for half a century can create bad blood . 
  who knew . 
  made * [ possible ] ( https://medium.com/insurge-intelligence/europe-is-harbouring-the-islamic-state-s-backers-d24db3a24a40#.upu4eibqo ) *, 
  implying russia are actually bombing isis and not pretty much everybody else, 
   holy shit , turkey is not estonia that just complains to newspapers when the russians violate its airspace . 
  tbh we mostly have transport planes entering our airspace for about a minute at a time in the middle of nowhere anyway, 
  id , maybe we should n't be making deals with [ people who support isis ] ( https://medium.com/insurge-intelligence/europe-is-harbouring-the-islamic-state-s-backers-d24db3a24a40#.upu4eibqo ), 
  i imagine he meant because they remained an independent country . 
  not being invaded and occupied is a small victory in itself . 
  i suppose technically you might rather call it a draw , though . 
  the floodgates ... of belgians flowing to syria ? 
  ( assuming they 're in the same situation as estonian russians ) the difference is that they have n't had their citizenship taken away , then have n't applied for one in the first place . 
  well , i do n't actually know but why not ? 
  potato is a staple food and that 's actually as exotic to the baltic as rice as it originates from the americas . 
  it 's not like it 's a recent invention, 
  there 's an english remake of it as well btw which is quite good . 
  have n't seen the original , though . 
  well , not really a dispute , the treaty itself just has n't been ratified for various different reasons when it 's been discussed in either parliament . 
  everything . 
   half of which are people over 60 . 
  and a 2/3 of the other half would rather prefer to live in hell than in russia . 
  so by what standart exactly it is a gain ?
