  interestingly russia actually has the same requirements for foreign laborers applying for * residence * permits that we do for people applying for citizenship, 
  they 're here for military exercises that have been long planned and in which british troops have participated in previous years as well , but i guess that does n't sound quite as sensational . 
  bird ? 
   another law putin signed obligates migrant laborers to know the russian language , russian history , and the basic facts about russian laws . 
    migrants must prove such knowledge when applying to extend their residency permits in russia . 
  oh no , this is completely unacceptable !, 
  we should complain about the poor situation of migrant laborers in russia . 
  / s because those requirements happen to be the same as the citizenship requirements in estonia which russia wo n't shut up about, 
   under an agreement reached at the potsdam conference in 1945 , britain and the soviet union dumped around 65,000 tonnes of germany 's chemical weapons stockpile into the murky depths of the baltic sea in 1947-48 . 
  what , so they had long discussions as to what to do with them and what they came up with was `` i know , let 's dump it in the sea and not worry about it for another 70 years '' ? 
  this actually sounds like something that would be really effective . 
  which is the reason why i doubt this is going to happen . 
  [ yes ? 
  ] ( http://images3.makefive.com/images/entertainment/movies/best-movie-revenge-killers/el-mariachi-antonio-banderas-in-desperado-7.jpg ), 
  according to our ministry of foreign affairs , trade with russia makes up less than 10 % of our total trade and 4.9 % of direct foreign investments into estonia are from russia . 
  4.8 % of our own foreign investments are made into russia . 
  so unless every single russian tourist coming over for weekends is spending tens of thousands of euros here , no chance . 
  \u017duvaljov mostly being known for looting several shops in april 2007 and getting a suspended sentence for stealing half a case of beer, 
  [ why do you think they 've gone somewhere ? 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21588130-russias-prison-colonies-resemble-old-soviet-camps-slave-labour-and-criminal-cultures ), 
  that , and i think gas amounts to about 1/10th of our total energy supply, 
  i 'm more concerned for russians in russia, 
  exactly , most estonians can understand some finnish without learning it at all apart from watching finnish television as it 's so similar to estonian , while latvian and lithuanian languages sound like complete gibberish, 
   well that 's interesting , perhaps a good solution to the high number of minority russians in the countries that still love russia and not their new motherland . 
  and perhaps kaliningrad ? 
  i remember russia trying to tempt ethnic russians from estonia back to `` the motherland '' and hoping to get thousands of people to leave but i think they got around 20 people or so , ca n't find a news article about it though, 
  no , they 're literally people called balts , speaking baltic languages belonging to the indo-european language group . 
  neither of which is true for estonia . 
  i do n't know if it 's correct to say that they * side * with russia as 46 % of the population there has an estonian passport while 36 % has a russian passport and most of the ethnic russians were free to apply for russian citizenship when the ussr dissolved but they did n't do so because it does n't really benefit them in any way . 
  even the people with no citizenship at all ( 16 % ) are n't bothered enough either way to get any passport at all . 
  so that makes 52 % per cent who do n't want a russian citizenship . 
  if crimea secedes , would that mean ukraine could potentially join nato in the future as they would no longer have a territorial dispute ? 
   some hate the english . 
  i do n't . 
  they 're just wankers . 
  we , on the other hand , are * colonized * by wankers . 
  ca n't even find a decent culture to be colonized by, 
  [ i 've heard germans have got * some * good ones ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=in7ylzj7a6y ), 
  - signed , eastern europe, 
  and then russia blames ukraine because it only happened because there were russians to protect, 
  for some reason it does n't seem at all surprising that a pole would have a bottle of rectified spirit lying around, 
  estonians want to go there because $, 
  send lots of angry letters and make some speeches about being upset, 
  he also said people who opposed acta must have been eating suspicious seeds , might want to put tinfoil in their hats and should seek help . 
  not that i disagree with him here . 
  ah , alright . 
  so if my opinion were that ivnitskaja or any of the other independent candidates whose clips we saw should 've got enough votes for a personal mandate , then that would be equally valid . 
  based on ... ? 
  you can if you want , wo n't make it any more relevant to the topic at hand, 
  yeah , a regular russian prison, 
  it really is tbh, 
   baltic states were , as far as i know , they were constutive republics . 
  they had their own parilaments and state bodies . 
  just like vichy france  ) ), 
  sleepless , hungover and pretending to work, 
  yeah , * arrested * in pskov . 
  they could have transported him to vladivostok and arrested him there if they had wanted to , it would n't have made it any less illegitimate . 
  i do n't know if i can trust your advice not to trust anyone now, 
  gent 's cool , though . 
  is it one of those places that gets called underappreciated so often that it 's actually overrated now ? 
  damn , i knew i should have invested there ... 
  move to estonia and you 'll discover you 've been a zombie for 10 years . 
  he forgot to mention we 're rather poor . 
  who also happened to be the great-grandfather of alexander pushkin, 
  though to be fair i think his mother was russian or half russian . 
  7/11 was a part time job, 
   and on top of that we have estonians and lithuanians who do n't even live here comming to protest here , such as the one mentioned in article linked , whose name kind of fittingly happens to mean sheep in latvian . 
  yeah , i was surprised to read that our anti-immigration crypto-fascists protested against immigration to latvia . 
  i 'd have imagined they 'd be big fans of mass immigration to everywhere but estonia as that would leave less immigrants for us . 
  what does it matter if they 're the ones counting the votes , though, 
  maybe their lives are just so empty that they have nothing else to talk about :3, 
  errrrr there are atms in europe as well, 
  yeah , why do n't they appreciate the half a century of occupation and oppression , it 's incomprehesible . 
  but look at how * ambiguous * it is :  the russian federation , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the united states of america reaffirm their obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine / s, 
  well , it is . 
  how do you think precedents are set ? 
  is there an exhausting list of all existing precedents ending with `` these are all the precedents and there shall be no others '' ? 
  idk , i 've had people hear estonia as australia , people are n't very smart, 
   or crime series copied from denmark/sweden ? 
  only as long as you finance most of it , our drama series have laughably low production values, 
  go to / r/eesti , sort by best and you 'll find loads of threads asking the same question with many good answers, 
  would his criticism be valid if he did n't have a flair ? 
  we have that thing about crossing the road with red lights as well . 
  we also have the police complaining about not having enough resources to solve more serious crimes . 
  hard to feel much sympathy for them when they 've got people ambushing potential jaywalkers all day instead of doing something useful , though . 
  actually most of those apply for estonia . 
  yeah , they get huge fines even if they have no idea the people have made their way into their trucks . 
  the french borderguards are n't stopping it either because if they make it to the uk , they 'll be the uk 's problem . 
  saw it on an estonian investigative journalism tv show , happened to several estonian truck drivers . 
  i do n't know anything about it nor do i really care, 
  looks like what you consider a lower temperature would be the warmest day of the month so far for me :(, 
   you have to be total idiot not to understand who started the war in ukraine and why . 
  i suppose that explains your posts, 
  let 's swap ? 
  we do n't either . 
  surprised usa is n't the top answer then, 
  i do n't even know what food is considered american food . 
  we do n't actually give a fuck if we can into nordic, 
  i 'm surprised he did n't personally find it, 
  well yeah , it 's his job to say that .
