video does n't work for me . 
  is that what you guys call it ? 
  lol yeah ok no , got those good feels now do you ? 
  yup , `` streets paved of gold '' . 
  very old phenomenon , do n't understand what causes it . 
  it was just costing too much money . 
  seriously , that really is what it was about . 
  that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  you get it . 
  it means you 're more powerful than them , that behavior on their part is an unintentional acknowledgement of that . 
  i love hks and w. german stamped sigs ... 
   that 's just a sign that germany has been gaining power and importance over the last years . 
  yuuup . 
  the short-version explanation i give that i honestly believe covers 90 % of the criticism the u.s. gets from europe is `` you have to pay the cost to be the boss '' , meaning that if you 're in charge then it 's ok for everyone to pick on you and mock you but the second you try to defend yourself , let alone simply give them the same treatment , you 're seen as the big , mean bully . 
  stupid and pathetic . 
  ahhh , you 're starting to get it . 
  * everything * is our goddamned fault , and do n't you * dare * try to defend yourself even if you 're right - the second you do that you get called `` arrogant '' , arrogant for simply not allowing the other person to completely and utterly browbeat you with their idiotic , ignorant opinions of your country that they 've never been to . 
   the american has interrupted our circlejerk and made bad feel-feels !, 
  me no likey !, 
  and yes , i 'm going to continue . 
  quit being such a whiny , butthurt , little twat . 
  pathetic . 
  yes, 
  but our butthurt and faux-justified outrage over this horribly offensive thing !, 
   they do not seem to integrate nearly as well as american muslims . 
  very correct . 
  we do n't really have any kind of problem to speak of with `` muslim crime '' and the overwhelming majority of our domestic terrorist incidents are perpetrated by non-muslims ( christianity , actually , is the one religion that has more such domestic terrorists than any other here ) . 
  illegal hispanic immigrants , on the other hand ... and it 's got nothing to do with them being hispanic , it has to do with the fact that they 're illegal : meaning that they 're people who * never * would 've been let in and allowed to stay in the first place because they 're so poor and uneducated . 
  of course , this is neither their fault nor does it mean that most of them cause problems , they do n't , but the issue is that a much greater * proportion * of them cause problems by committing crimes - particularly violent crimes - than the general population , e.g. 
  if 1 % of the general population is criminal then 5 % of all illegal hispanic immigrants are ( those are n't real numbers , i 'm just illustrating my point so it 's clear ) . 
  i looked a bit and am going to go ahead and cite [ this article ] ( http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2015/07/illegal_aliens_murder_at_a_much_higher_rate_than_us_citizens_do.html ) as a source , not because it 's a good primary source ( definitely looks biased - `` american thinker '' ? 
  yeah ok ) but because * it * cites really good primary sources ( federal government numbers from the gao and bureau of prisons ) and has done a decent job of organizing and summarizing them for me , something i do n't have the time to do . 
  if you * know * that this is going to be the case ... perhaps they should n't be let in ? 
  we 're a * lot * more selective . 
  concerning refugees : we take in , relatively ( relative to europe ) , very , very few - for you to qualify as a refugee that we would admit you really have to have solid proof of some pretty extreme circumstances that you 're suffering under . 
  that leaves everyone else . 
  now you 're talking about those who have applied for some type of visa , been accepted , and * then * allowed to stay via being granted permanent residence . 
  for us to do this you have to show that you 're going to contribute not only more than you 're going to take ( in terms of , for example , welfare and government-subsidized healthcare ) but , in addition to that , that you 're worth the trouble to import ( all the bureaucratic processes and cost , that the current taxpayers of this country will have to pay for ) . 
  so you have to show that you have really quite a lot to contribute and this usually means advanced degrees in high-demand , high-value fields ( medical , engineering , etc. 
  ) , experience , and frequently ( in the case of almost all work visas ) * someone else * ( a company who can afford to bring you in ) has to think that you 're really worth it by being willing to sponsor you for your work visa and pay for the associated costs ( rarely do people in these instances pay them on their own ) . 
  in short , we turn down most of the sort of people who end up causing trouble for you all that * you * let in . 
  the ones we let in simply are n't the sort ( well , very , very rarely ) . 
  i would hazard a guess and say that 90 + % of the refugees you guys take in would swiftly be told `` absolutely not '' by the u.s. if they tried to get in here via applying for refugee status . 
   from age 13-ish onwards it 's a constant , stupefying race to make yourself sick and comatose in front of your mates so you can prove how cool you are . 
  i honestly think people in the near future ( 10 , 20 years out ) are going to look back on this and just say `` how the * fuck * could you be so stupid ?!, 
  you even knew this would be the result ! '', 
  what i 'm talking about is the kind of damage that will do to a developing , young brain . 
  it 's known , and has been for a while , that the human brain does n't stop developing until it 's about 25 years old . 
  it 's also well-known , and has been for a while , that consumption of large quantities of alcohol , particularly on a regular basis , can really screw with this development ( the earlier on the worse , so 2 years of heavy binge drinking between 14 and 16 years of age is worse than the same 2 years from 20 to 22 ) . 
  we know this . 
  we 've known this for a while . 
  we know just how fucking bad an idea this is , and yet we ( society ) have really failed to do much about it , it 's just not taken seriously enough . 
  only by coincidence did the u.s. get this one right in our attitude towards alcohol consumption by younger people , not that the right way to actually * deal * with it is with force of law by raising the drinking age - i 'm not saying that - but our puritanical attitude of `` if you 're under 21 you should n't do that , naughty naughty '' just so happened ( and it was entirely luck , it 's not like we knew this when we developed this attitude or made our drinking age laws ) to be right . 
  i want to go to romania . 
  see username , guys , pretty sure he 's just a troll in which case it 's best not to feed him ... 
  this is what i was going to respond to the parent ( currently top as well ) comment with but i see you and at least one other person have already done it . 
  it 's not that there are n't moderates , it 's that they get labeled as one extreme by the opposite because said opposite ( knowing what they 're doing and not caring ) thinks the end justifies the means - in other words , yes , when someone calls you a `` racist '' for simply wanting the immigration laws enforced they do so knowing that you very likely are n't racist , but they do n't care , they think that doing this to you will get you to change your mind or , at the very least , just shut up so you stop making them feel bad * and * so you do n't `` spread your dangerous ideas around '' ( as if that 's how that worked ) . 
   when you have other choices agreed . 
  when you do n't , though , and the only option is that the innocent party is severely injured or killed , then i 'm fine with lethal force being used to prevent that . 
  i said nothing about property , and i fucking * knew * someone was going to focus in on my flair and use it as the basis of some stupid , erroneous argument . 
  that ... does n't really have anything to do with whether or not they ought to be shot . 
  if a crowd of * people * ( regardless of who ) charges and attacks * someone * ( policeman or otherwise ) in such a manner that they could easily overpower and kill that person then yes , i think lethal force is warranted to defend that person at that point since the crowd presents a lethal threat . 
  the legal term i 've heard used in common law countries is `` disparity of force '' , also applies to when a much stronger ( but unarmed ) person attacks a much weaker one ( then the stronger one still presents a lethal threat despite being unarmed thereby warranting lethal force to defend the much weaker one ) . 
  hell , you might be able to justify * shooting * them under certain circumstances , i ca n't say i have a problem with tear gas . 
  whatever 's necessary to keep them under control is what should be used . 
  you 're making shit up in order to dismiss him because you do n't * like * what he 's saying . 
  no , that 's not what `` thug '' means . 
   i see racism because i want to because it 's useful in that calling someone a `` racist '' usually shuts them up which is nice when i ca n't actually think of a good argument against what they 're saying . 
   do n't interrupt our happy little feel-good ` jerk , dumb american !!!, 
  sorry , too bad . 
   see guys , see how much better we are than the americans ? 
  there ... we 've got our little daily dose of feel-good to make the feeling of inferiority and insecurity go away for at least a little while . 
  hugs all around !, 
  * sigh * typical / r/europe crap . 
  well we would n't want to be unusual cruel , now would we ? 
  just the usual for this subreddit , it really is largely a circlejerk subreddit . 
  they subconsciously feel inferior and so this ( these comments ) is the stupid shit you get . 
  no , it did n't , it 's just how you idiots decided to interpret it because you wanted to , largely because his flair says he 's from the u.s. 
   i do n't understand extradition treaties . 
  that 's all you needed to say ... 
  we 're a net exporter . 
  i did , * you * missed the point . 
  also , do n't be a dick , it 's unnecessary . 
  no , they 're not , they 're simply disagreeing and criticizing , but here we see the usual response , * precisely * what i expected to find in the comments , from the europeans in this sub to criticism from americans : `` they 're trying to tell us how to run our countries !, 
  bullies !, 
  as always , they 're being big old dumb bullies !, 
  waaahhh ! '' . 
  pathetic . 
   if someone tell you `` give me your wallet or i kill you '' , should he be protected by free speech ? 
  he has n't done anything but talking , too bad if you gave him your money . 
  still , he should obviously be punished by the law . 
  fwiw that would be illegal in the u.s. , it would be considered assault in most places ( misdemeanor , but still ) . 
  threats of violence are n't protected under our 1st amendment . 
  as a legal concept , yes , but it can also mean the general concept of not censoring someone regardless of who 's doing it . 
  businesses certainly do n't allow complete freedom of speech from their employees , but that mere fact alone is neither good nor bad , it just is . 
  however , it 's still fair to say that x , y , or z business/private organization `` does n't allow free speech '' , because it 's true . 
  no , he did n't . 
  you put words in his mouth and name-called because you ca n't think of a better argument . 
  um ... guys ... the fact that this is getting downvoted is kinda proving his point . 
  depends on what you 're arguing .
