  just look at the nationalities at these tech companies you talk about . 
  i doubt more then 1 % is american, 
  then by your logic we are complicit for everything anyone else ever did . 
  a capatalist would sell his own butcher the rope for his hanging , there aint no morality in trade or money for that matter . 
  they are basically ends from the same stick . 
  you can get great power out of a car if you do n't care about efficiency or emissions . 
  if you get the ` cleanest ' burn you do n't get the most powerful burn it is always a balancing act with x parts of fuel vs x parts of air vs timing of ignition the result of this will tune your power , efficiency and emissions, 
  no , im just saying to get a army under that body would require us to literally federalise , or do something completely new in history and have an army that answers to 28 national governments with each 28 foreign policies . 
  it really does , for example in the recent past we had eu missions to combat piracy . 
  this was basically national governments putting boats/units under eu flag . 
  for example we had to withdraw the eu flag more then 5 times because no one was willing to give our ship authority to respond to piracy , it was likely deemed to risky politicaly . 
  our commanders had to usurp authority back to save a german cargoship that was under pirates control . 
  while seemingly this is a small difference it means alot . 
  in a scenario that people are talking about on this sub the story would be like this : the eu government has a standing army and does not need the national government 's armies . 
  so that would mean an european executive with procedures how it would be used . 
   now , nato is quite sufficient , thank you . 
  those , who have n't joined it yet , seem to think they are better off on their own anyway i agree wholeheartedly, 
  this is not how eu law works , while seemingly just semantics of technicalities this makes a huge difference . 
  its either an army solely under control by the eu ( which would require treaty changes ( european union , likely the comission or council or a combination of these ) ) or an army under the control of national governments with units detached to form an eu battlegroup like for example the anti piracy missions . 
  yes publicly we were , privately we werent . 
  we had planned together with the allied forces what the frontlines would be . 
  because belgium did not want to host lots and lots of allied ( french & british ) forces directly on its soil it was planned they would move in the moment the germans invaded . 
  the frontline positions were literally planned out , they stretched to breda , inside the netherlands , there were even bunkers etc created on our soil to house these troops . 
  germans ofcourse were way to fast and had cut around to the south of these troops before they even got to said line . 
  i do not wish to excuse the germans for one bit , but certaintly you have to agree that this is a complete stance shift regarding our neutratily , in ww1 we literally had none of these agreements . 
  edit : okay having just researched it i 'm referring to the dyle plan , specifically the breda variant . 
  upon reading up on it even had plans to go as far as tilburg as an allied line while the dutch would be in charge of everything north of that . 
  then by definetion though it is not an eu army , rather an bilaterally agreed army . 
  an eu army would literally require such treaty . 
  we were n't neutral in ww2 , despite what we get tought in school . 
  your challange would be to actually demonstrate you have a weapon that works before the major powers notice . 
  from that point on no country will ever invade you basically . 
  it would likely be considered illegal , just like iran/israel/pakistan / india/north & south korea 's weapons are illegal , but once you 've got them no country will do shit against you basically . 
  the nuclear non proliferation treaty is under extreme stress , ever since russia and us signed the ukraine get rid of your nukes deal they basically guaranteed their full sovereignity . 
  now both parties violate it , 1 by invading and the other one by not guaranteeing their sovereignity . 
  this basically means that any country that thought of getting nukes will certaintly do so now , since ultimately the words of great powers not to get invaded mean nothing and the only thing that truly deters them is them knowing you have a sub somewhere in the world with a huge rocket with several warheads . 
  well its certaintly not a promise of policy but she repeatedly advocated in debates for a no fly zone in syria , which would in literal terms mean going to war with russia, 
   would get another shot . 
  she 'd be the person who lost to trump . 
  that 's like getting knocked out of the euros by iceland . 
  you have to resign in shame . 
  i sure hope we get another shot , because we lost both our qualifuairs in the euros against iceland -_-, 
  this is a real biased idea and completely neglects the reasons why they left to america or israel . 
  islaminization , they could n't wear their funny hats anymore without being big mouthed by the next moroccans on the street for example, 
  lets just take bake constantinople and kick them out of every further thing , go join you me friends . 
   west , not many of their companies have survived . 
  at least in terms of east germany , the western part subsidized the east with so much money , so the negative effects are smaller then in other formerly eastern block countries . 
  well , ultimately the only thing that can and will fix it is the free market . 
  its either that or accepting that there are monopolies in eastern europe that fuck people over . 
  you could obviously make it a law that they 'd have to sell the same product they do elsewhere , but then your violating the primary principle of the free market , this would likely mean alot of products in alot of countries would dissapear , atleast for the time being as complex supply chains need to adjust . 
  while its certaintly true that their market position sucked when they turned capitalist , it certaintly was their choice to join the free market . 
  how would you ` solve ' this then ? 
  this is ultimately the free market , a competitor should show up and deliver higher quality products for the same price and all of a sudden all these german companies will react, 
  people with no education still getting somewhere in live , semi good wages , semi good life etc. 
  ca n't really blame them because theyr hiring eastern european labour from eastern european companies , they get around our minimum wage laws by going at going rates at the countries they come from . 
  legally theyr just contracting to a eastern european company that provides labour . 
  anyway the point was that every country benefitted one way and lost another way because of the eastern expansion of the eu, 
  we used to have a thriving lower class in our country , untill cheap eastern european labour ruined that for 10 % of our population, 
  you are correct diesel submarines are more quiet , altough useless after theyr out of their current charge range . 
  it sort of goes like this , charge on surface to full and then spent 1 to 2weeks silent under water . 
  infact they are not able to run the diesel engines while not being surfaced , the air it intakes is massive and would drain the sub in seconds even though there is not even an air inlet that is not completely flooded when underwater . 
  so your effectively 100 % silent in a diesel electric dependent on the skill of your crew , so its a trade off since once your empty you have to run real loud engines that can be heard for atleast 25 miles on the surface vs the nuclear submarine does not have this problem but on the other hand it trades stealth for continous operability . 
  on the other hand the nuclear subs are often just carriers for icbm 's , while there are some nuclear attack submarines diesel electric is much better for the traditional boat hunting, 
  it 's a double edged sword . 
  in a perfect world you 'd have none of it but then you would n't have mega corporations cornering all markets leaving casualties behind . 
  i guess this is the bigger picture , and the ceta affair with wallonia is just a symptom , like perhaps sanders and trump are symptoms of i guess an democratic defecit , it often seems that it just does not matter , course as usual , as societies in the west in general in the last years it seems been losing ground on this , corporate greed at an all time high , while weve been ignoring the little guy/small bussiness and the implications of the race to the bottom for well the people at the bottom . . 
  it 's also about who the benefectors of this free trade will be , regular people or small bussiness do not need tarriff to be changed , these tarriff have historically been inplace to protect domestic industries , for example , were it to be signed there 'd be 60.000 tons extra beef in the european market , while perhaps great for consumers them saving 10 or 5 cent in my mind does not measure up to the thousands of small farmers that would be affected . 
  this is ultimately a race to the bottom for prices which brings huge collateral damage along . 
  yea this is definetely great for the bio industry corporations that basically forces any farmer out of bussiness because theyr to small to keep up with the race to the bottom . 
  this is jsut a small example , but you can imagine this kind of stuff in all sectors , big multinationals have no tariff free goods can move around the cheapest stuff to locally drive out farmers/shops/whatever until they force out their market share . 
  like walmart does when it opens up in a new area , it basically discounts everything massively to drive out all other shops , walmart can afford to operate a comparitively huge loss for a store for a few years to corner the market in a region . 
  personally i agree with wallonia , fuck the race to the bottom and all the casualties it will claim . 
  whatever they say , i 'd like to show my appreciation for wallonia . 
  as a small region standing up to big pressure only shows how principled you are . 
  i love the people that say : europe weak , europe ca n't make a deal . 
  that does not make europe weak , it makes it strong . 
  it works exactly as intended , the walloons have veto power , and they 've used it . 
  unlike our government that preaches ` reasonable european union proposals ' yet always folds straight away when there is something they can sign even if a huge part disagrees with it . 
  i 'm grateful that you have choosen to veto it , otherwise we 'd have to get 300k votes for a referendum again . 
  although we have over 194k pledged people that have pledged to support the referendum , it 's technically impossible to get it now , in dutch law the law first has to be approved before we can force a referendum . 
  yes it would stop alot of military hardware , the russians have gone to the next tech tier if you will in jamming technologies . 
  ukraine had us supplied communiactions equipment which was rendered useless by russian jammers , they ' r literally resorting back to phones by wire and runners between lines . 
  they might not have bombers or jets as advanced as yours , but their jamming and disruption technologies are of a whole other level . 
  https://dninews.com/article/intelligence-briefing-electronic-warfare-ukraines-weak-belly forget the video , read the text . 
  its perhaps tasteless but the premise stands . 
  israel illegaly occupies territories that have been palistinian per agreed un resolution from the 70 ' still . 
  there are now over 500.000 people living in israeli settlements inside palestine that even the un denounces . 
  im just saying its rich coming from an israeli to moan about war crimes while his own country occupies land thats not theirs . 
  war criminal accusations coming from an isra\u00ebli ... lol . 
  no , i dissed the guy so he deleted his comment for karmaloss . 
  yea he argues / r/syriancivilwar as biased, 
   that sub is infested with pro-russians since the russian intervention in syria . 
  couple of mods are pro-russian and member of / r/russia . 
  they 've deleted my posts yes , they delete all obviously biased sources , not point of view , researchgate is an thinktank , thereby losing the rights as a legitimate source . 
  which is what i mean about fabrication of stories or altering . 
  russia 's propoganda has a different taste , perhaps easier to see through . 
  its mostly fabrication of stories etc or altering . 
  the western media just chooses what to report , mostly only anything that fits the west good guy narrative . 
  i provided examples . 
  yet you deny or come with something simple like postively not , please refrain from discussion if you do n't have anything to add .
