   sure , you get reparations . 
  germany gets danzig , schliesen and all the areas they gave to the polish state yes just pointing out the hypocrisy , these states were signed over under soviet rule aswell , but apparently only in the case of reparations was the polish state a sattelite under soviet rule , if they use this argument for wanting extra reparations then others could use the same argument for the territory, 
  the problem is which obama understood is that the russians could easily escalate it further in response to giving the ukrainians lethal weapons , they could for example start using their airforce , which wo0uld have supremacy in the air . 
  the ukrainian airforce has been decimated by ground to air missiles, 
  grand idea , russians should mask their t tanks like either abrtams or leopards and put a few nato flags on it and see how far they come :p, 
  yep , indeed nowadays it goes to eastern shell companies , owned by western conglomarates who hire eastern workers and undercut the local minimum wages this way . 
  all low sectors accros western europe deal with these kind of sham constructst . 
  and then often people are surprised that the lower classes who do this kind of work have a fervent hatred for the eu or anything related to it . 
  sure , you get reparations . 
  germany gets danzig , schliesen and all the areas they gave to the polish state, 
  this is still alot more generous then in the netherlands , and i think it 's more generous then most of scandinavia aswell . 
  put 10 billion dollars in a fund and well pump up your refugee island in the middle of the med sea, 
  one thing they do not have , a river with no swells :p, 
  atleast well have a guarantee ukraine will never be able to join the eu, 
  a friend of mine once jumped in the water and swam in the general direction of this tower , he at that point did not know the pm has his office there , literally 10 meters from land security arrived and 1 guy jumped after him . 
  lol , yes and we invited the germans in ww2 , all arguments you could use to say that you were n't invaded would work the same for us for ww2, 
  long live indonesia ! , its the reason of many things in dutch history . 
  in the 1600-1850 's it was primarily a spice hub . 
  after that it was oil , it 's the reason royal dutch shell is one of the biggest companies still today , as they got preferable deals . 
  in 1939 the dutch were the 4th producer of oil in the world . 
  it 's the reason that we tried taking it back after ww2, 
  see , it is n't the point wether or not he jeopardized sources or methods . 
  it 's that he did n't go through the process . 
  he could have declassified it himself after he 'd asked the dni or other folks what if any sources he 'd compromise by sharing it . 
  or he could just have declassified it unilaterally . 
  he could also have authorised the russians a security clearance , which he did n't . 
  so in theory this is no different then what snowden did . 
  because trump judged that it was in the interest of the us that he leaked this to the russian officials . 
  and snowden judged it to be in the interest of the us to leak his stuff to these 2 journalists . 
  eurobonds could happen at the end of a reform process that leads to more stability and a sustainable economy across the eurozone . 
  this is basically the same position in the netherlands and likely of much of the other ` sound ' financial countries . 
  in a way not much would change in trade relative to ourselves as we 'd sitll have the same currency like before . 
  only uncertain things would be if our exports markets changed . 
  we 're both exporting nations selling products either no one else in the world makes or of higher quality so in that sense we are solid the only real problem would be likely trade barriers others erect . 
   well there were plans for a dutch german currency union in 2015 . 
  these countries probably would be able to create a much more coherent currency union . 
  the big isue is that geramny would be so much bigger than the rest frankly that would be no issue , our old currency gulden was pegged at a certain rate against the dm anyway . 
  i think benelux and germany would rather leave the eurozone then to have eurobonds with countries that did n't have aaa rating for the last 15 out of 20 years . 
  it really is a preposterous thought , the eu would border as far as north korea and almost all the stans in the world . 
  altough i would n't put it past some of the current europhiles though , power is their only interest . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pt0e9ytd2m8 for an hour long about it , http://www.engin.umich.edu/college/about/news/stories/2014/may/security-risks-found-in-estonia-online-voting-system for a shorter version . 
  https://jhalderm.com/pub/papers/ivoting-ccs14.pdf for the research paper . 
  please , there have been multiple universities that have cracked your e voting and have demonstrated it to be easily penetratable . 
  it astounds me that your politician 's ignorance allows this to continue . 
  and if some universities in a lab can crack it you can very well be sure that a state level actor could sabatage it . 
  but on the other hand , the nice thing with digital is that you would never know , as the machine would just give all the verification tools one has an ok , while secretely displaying a false tally . 
  and there wo n't be protests in cities like amsterdam for this . 
  as it does n't fit their selective virtue signalling and outrage because they are not part of the approved groups : lgbt or muslims, 
  make sure you guys withdraw all of your savings if you leave eurozone or the ela ends . 
  keep this euros somewhere safe . 
  wait for the wind to pass . 
  incase you guys end up with your own currency again wait till the hyperinflation cycle happens . 
  could be a pretty solid investment in the doom of your country . 
  just make really sure you do n't leave $ $ $ on the bank if the ela stops or they reach a definitive no deal . 
  big chance atm 's ca n't give you money anymore . 
  theyll have to provide other currency in exchange which could really suck if your rates get set before the inflationary cycle kicks in . 
  blah blah immorality and stuff : ` we get born alone and we will die alone ' . 
  in these kind of situations it is every man for himself . 
  you owe the state absolutely nothing and keeping your money in their banks in these final days is a risk i would n't be willing to take . 
  say greece defaults and everything now ... 
  does n't it still owe its creditors money then ? 
  i mean if i go broke i 'll still have to deal with my mortgage ... 
  a discussion about the 2 % . 
  so okay , alot of you guys want everyone to keep their ` word ' and pay their fair share , this is a more then fair view point . 
  but from my point of view : ' what is the point ? ', 
  what more do we want to do to keep nato safe ?? 
  can we do more ? 
  in the netherlands we spend $ 7.6 billion a year on defence , which puts us at 1 % gdp . 
  where to spent another $ 7.6 billion to exactly get us ` safer ' ?? 
  we could get perhaps a few more f35 's . . 
  but what will they really do ? 
  if we are ever gon na fight a country which we would really need a f35 to fight them we would n't be fighting them at all . 
  because if you can make a supersonic jet , you can make a nucliear bomb ( seriously on great detail you can read anything on the internet about it from a to z. 
  if you have infrastructure to get weaponized stuff your golden . 
  my point is this : how much safer will $ 7.6 billion make us then ?? 
  what should we buy with this cash , and how would this make us safer ? 
  i understand this sounds like selfish etc ( specially coming from a dutch with our geographicly safe location ) but i really do n't think it would make us any safer . 
  nukes deterres russia , not men in green . 
  luckily there are always fighters armed on scramble alert 24/7 in france , usa , belgium , uk , turkey , italy , the netherlands and germany . 
  i mean i understand the need for a standing army , but if we can get around one 1 % , why not ? 
  i sometimes sincerely feel that fear of war is marketed so politicians can respond to further welfareiazize ( yes indeed new word as of now ) military industry . 
  how much safer is 100/0 new tanks gon na make us ? 
  how much safer will 100 more jets make us ? 
  how can any sane person agree that there has been to much austerity asked of greece ? 
  it is very important to recognize , that the austerity has not been ` imposed ' from the outside . 
  greece has borrowed money every year in order to spend , the outside world ` the troika ' has enabled greece to spend 240bn more then it otherwise could have spend . 
  and that does n't include the regular foreign assistance payments within the eu . 
  if greece did n't deal with europe then those large transfers would no longer be coming in every year and greece would be suffering much more austerity . 
  this was what is said by the hard left every time there is a financial crisis its always : '' imf/eurozone imposes austerity '' reality is countries do n't have to come to the imf , countries do n't have to borrow money . 
  the reason they do it is because they know if they did n't do it and they had to rely of what they could borrow from the market they would suffer far far far more austerity . 
  so the idea that austerity is being imposed is wrong it is nothing more then economics 101 balance spending because income is declining . 
  perhaps it is the political illiteracy of this government of greece , but how did they really think coming in out of the election youknow your in a negotiation for more money how did they think to get any when they came in with : `` your strategy of the last 5 years is ill concieved and in need of revolutionary change '' that was the moment they shot themselves in the foot . 
  because accepting that statement is simply not what youre gon na get a political leader to do . 
  greece has made it magestically hard at that point to give them yes for an answer by insisting on an overturning of the european order . 
  if they had come in and said : we need more fuel so our economy can go , that is an question to which yes could be an answer . 
  the argument they came in with they were never gon na get a yes from the eurozone, 
  it has nothing to do with any person or xenophobia or anything . 
  it has everything to do with the history of the eu , we joined the eu on the idea of one single market and a way to ensure a continent without war . 
  it stayed pretty much this till 1991/2 when germany reunified . 
  it would be a platform for trade but slowly started progressing in a political entity with the need to expand .
