  there is no plane that goes high enough for the newest sam 's unless your talking shoulder fired, 
  yea , funny thing is it is only close to an ` agenda point ' because these mep 's ca n't just watch their home shows from public broadcasting , for no other reason then this one , they care . 
  like what from sweden ? 
  great way to treat your own soldiers you mean , it is none of the us or uk 's fault we were there under the un flag . 
  a proper government would have made sure every contingency whenever it sends out troops is planned . 
  this is n't nearly as bad from the us or uk as i think of it of our own government . 
  these soldiers their souls are forever tainted by wanting to help but being denied their role as soldiers but rather glorified aid workers with a blue helmet . 
  you can blame the us and uk all you want , but fact of the matter is if our government had really cared they could have nationalized the dutch un contingent and launched jets in the area , and even if they were not in the area . 
  a f16 which we had at the time on full speed would n't even have taken an 1 hour to get there from any air force base in the netherlands . 
  the thing i wonder about is , did our government at the time knew the deal the british and french made . 
  i personally think yes , why otherwise would our sec state deny airstrikes on a valley he claimed safe . 
  great another clueless guy of the austerity imposed crowd, 
  nothing against these indivdiviuals , i 'm just trying to make the point that you should n't hold to much value to a ` nobel-winning anything ' much of the prices post 2000 era have been with the vision the nobel committee agreed with and not so much like it used to be : ` those who , during the preceding year , shall have conferred the greatest benefit on mankind ', 
   king about a nobel price winner who stated he does not read conservative opinions because they have nothing of interest to say . 
  so much of anti-intellectual attitude . 
  and so much for a nobel price winner , i really do n't see the prestige in it . 
  i see it more as a political platform to affirm the nobel commitee 's ideas . 
  just 2 days late , no ? 
   ce , that is money we will never get back and that we could have spended on better things . 
  bull , our old currency was even less value and would have given us an even better position . 
  our schoolbooks mostly want to talk about resistance , which to many historians was not as widespread as we 'd like you to believe . 
  at the start of the war germans actually flooded jobs and tourism through the country generally making it a better place to live ( in the economic sense that is ) . 
  there was widespread love and admiration for them even , dutch girls were all to happy to hook up with their soldiers on break from the eastern front . 
  the germans kept a good lid on everything bad they did until late on in the war , they would n't do public executions etc yet but rather in the dunes or ` summoning ' people for work . 
  especially with the dutch indonesian wars which our history books conveniently call : politieonele acties aka policing actions and the rest of the world : ` indonesian war of indepence/revolution . 
  this is a peculiar situation . 
  before the war we used to have good control over the people there until japan needed oil and rubber and pushed us out . 
  the indonesians had trust that our dutch-indo army would be able to defend them from the japanese . 
  we did not . 
  the dutch prestige if you will was tackled alot at that point in the eyes of the indonesians , the dutch were put in prisoncamps . 
  the indonesians suffered massively aswell through hunger + force labor . 
  a nationalists leader who we had imprisoned for ` inciting hate ' in other words he was arrested for resisting dutch occupation , the japs released him and he managed to get alot of concessions from the japanese for indepence . 
  fast forward to after the war we wanted our colonies back until 4 years later us president strong armed us you either give indonesia independence or your country wo n't get marshall plan, 
  sure but are n't we strong right now ? 
  if every nation went to 1 % we 'd still be overwhelmingly stronger then any other alliance/nation . 
  this ofcourse trusting every nation would honor article 5 ( which i dont personally doubt ) and even on even terms ( like in the cold war ) it would not make any person safer to up the budget more . 
  you sure have a point with trade routes etc. 
  but why would we neeed suuch overwhelming force , which we already have now . 
  is it fear , is it our cowboy minds , is it perhaps vested interest influecing us ... 
  sure it could make a difference , we 'd be able to play with our new toys and all . 
  but i honestly would say why would we need this , there is no credible threat at all that would require these fancy things . 
  but ofcourse , the stuff we have we should atleast maintain properly, 
  the last years in amsterdam ( with the heavy weapon mob style assasinations ) and the satudarah/hells angels / and the other one stuff in the south might inflate this quite a bit . 
  do these stats include the bean bag type of stuff the swat uses for like these kind of situations : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_uyy59kzou, 
  this sure is a fair point of burden sharing , but arent we perhaps as nato as a whole to eager to spend to much ? 
   ing information and communication technology sector . 
   i mean , it really , really does . 
  i 'm not going to be so hyperbolic as to say you can walk out of university with an it/computer science degree and straight into a job , but it 's close . 
  if / u/malac0d4 is interested in a career in it - and it does n't bother his eyes - it pays well and is as secure as you can get . 
  anywhere in the world , if you have even the smallest of it certifications , there is always a job for you . 
   does want the situation to normalize , and for ongoing occupations to end , which is why russia is presently subject to sanctions in the us . 
  i think perhaps obama is reluctant to do anything other non lethal support right now because he needs russia for his iran deal . 
  maybe when that is sorted out hell take a tougher stance . 
  no one does in europe , save your energy for the 14th in france, 
  not very france anymore now is it . 
   as you do n't render them stateless , there 's no international restriction on doing so . 
  presumably in danish law it is legal to revoke citizenship . 
  practicaly a government could say fuck that and airdrop these people in to somalia which is stateless . 
  but it all comes down to the state willing to follow its treaties etc , which no state does to 100 % . 
  you got ta use the guns you have . 
  yea i get where you are coming from . 
  the differences are minor . 
  the dutch government is made of a coalitian of pvda ( left ( call themselfs social democrats ) vvd ( right call themselfs liberals ) , thus their policy is centrist basically . 
  but altough not a major difference , the pvda is much for big social nets etc and standing up for the small guy while the vvd likes privataization and cutting welfare where possible . 
  he sure is , he is as left as they get in the netherlands . 
  ( http://www.powned.tv/images/other/gp3.jpg ) i can understand why you guys would find that a funny statement . 
  in the eurogroup he represents the eurogroup and the dutch ( coalition ) government . 
  its his job to unite the eurogroup , so there is not much point in giving ideological speeches/concessions is not his tenure, 
   depends ... naturally the creditors lose all the amount and the interests.usually in the past there were negotiations so that the country can pay a part of the amount ( the creditors of argentina lost the 75 % of their money for example ) . 
   waw , poor creditors . 
  i 'd sure make concessions if certaintly losing 75 % or perhaps waiting 1 more year to get it all back was on the table, 
  would n't trying to stay in the ez be the best thing you guys could do then ?? . 
  i mean the assistance you guys are getting now could easily turn into opposition and making your life difficult in financial markets etc , because that will be their only leverage , once you have left . 
  only a stupid person would not try to withdraw all he has by 30th . 
  in some way it is a great investment in the doom of your country , if you go drachma you yourself have foreign currency reserve . 
  a smart person would keep this for a month or 2/3 till hyper inflation hits . 
  then cash out :p, 
  alot of nice talk and all , but the way the negotiations go is : greece wants money , ez can give so ez can demand . 
  and yea right , far more dire circumstances ... like what exactly ? 
  and really , i do n't care what ya have to give up . 
  you have to balance the budget thats certain . 
  and really , its perhaps best if the euro fails , without a way to enforce sensible economic policy in countries like greece its doomed to fail . 
  it is like giving greece medicine everytime for their symptons while the whole eurozone needs surgery . 
  greece really overestimates their leverage . 
  they have absolutely none . 
   risk believe me , it would happen if they 'd invade any of the baltics or nato for that matter . 
  you literally have no choice as nato 's leaders but to do it , if your gon na allow these kind of salami tactics , slice by slice , you ca n't start allowing it because the salami is only soo long . . 
  comedy but illustrates my point perfectly . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix_d_vmkswe although before the nuclear tennis starts , i 'd like to be informed and get the hell to middle of africa/south america . 
  i do n't like living near ( 15 ) km a major deterrance airforcebase . 
   into wether you like it or not , it is problably one of the better news outlets out there its one of the only organaisations that actually goes to the front line of whats happening and gather owns news that way . 
  and the big guys are only copying talking points of institutions . 
  i have to commend vice on the covering of ukraine and migrant crisis . 
  perhaps thery should bomb these migrants in libyan waters aswell . . or did they get permission ?? 
  i like renewebales . 
  i just do n't think we should invest in them until they can sustain themselves without any subsidies or anything . 
  i 'd rather use nuclear instead . 
  makes 0 difference , planned or not . 
  perhaps greece should really cuddle up closer to russia . 
  culturally they seem pretty close , high amounts of corruption .
