  would require poland to get new f 35 type fighter as usa will discontinue the authenticate and arm systems for the f 16 once the f 35 is fly able . 
  this is sort off for alot of the nucleair sharing countries the sole choice for in the end buying american made fighters instead of the more quality/buck eurofighter . 
  im not trying to say its better or worse , just saying that for alot of european countries the swedish , french or the eurofighter is a lot more sensible choice to buy . 
  but for the rest its problably great it expands eastwards . . wan na bet poland will join the 0.5-1 .0 % gdp countries on defence straight after ? 
  :p same story for the baltics , economics wise they ca n't reasonably protect themselves against their neighbour and if they are really serious about defence against russia getting nukes on your soil will instantly make you a super power and this will reinforce the baltics trust that indeed nato would come to aid if needed . 
  and this would put america in a position that they 'd have to respond as their nukes comes with a complimentary munitions support squadron aka american boots on the ground , were they to get hurt it would put the white house in a position it could only retaliate . 
  i know, 
  merkel is voting aswell ?? 
  as far as i know in the netherlands the ` government ' atleast the pm + secretaries step out of parliament and do n't get to vote , their party does though . 
  theyr all ` cruise missiles ' a cruise missile is a ` cruise ' missiles because it flies at ` cruise speed ' which is near constant velocity , self steered , non balistic on a extremely low trajectory as opposed to ` ballistic ' missiles which follow a ballistic path , like a shell basically . 
  we do , short range subsonic ones though . . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harpoon_ ( missile ) denmark uses them aswell and norway have their own short range subsonic design https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naval_strike_missile, 
  most nations have cruise missiles , yet theyr not in common use mostly because theyr pricey + only good against non moving targets , although modern ones are able to be ` tagged ' on a moving target , theyr about 1000-4000x expensive as a gbu-38 ( standard 500 pounder ), 
  france surely has its priorities and for them right now its the terrorthreat . 
  france \u00b4 s president hollande last week was full of diplomacy , he met with uk , germany , russia and the us . 
  germans would only do reconaisance , uk will do perhaps more in the coming days , us is problably still weighing their options on how to support etc. 
  but france and russia at the moment are the only ones serious about destroying isis . 
  france is in a peculiar position , it \u00b4 s traditional allies don \u00b4 t care enough for enough help and russia is sort of on the other side of this conflict then france \u00b4 s allies . 
  france helping russia/assad would be impossible with their current obligations and alliances so france 's best play would be to convince russia to join the multinational coalition , but knowing russia this will need concessions from france 's side , perhaps them agreeing to drop support for sanctions or something along the lines that helps russia with their isolated position . 
  but then again , france doing that would be a stab in the back of eastern nato . 
  so france is in a real peculiar situation , in the end i think theyll just place their carrier somewhere and keep airstriking , unless they can get mainly russia and usa to get in agreement about syria . 
  funny thing is : only the situation in syria might require nato 's stance/sanctions to be softened on russia to make any real progress there . 
  atleast france is pushing for it, 
  so in effect you are basically saying we should disregard everything we used to know about borders/citizenship/etc . . 
  it are policies like these that make them stay . . 
  these people are often african/middle eastern , they are used to being smacked around by a unforgiving government . 
  treating them in our western way is a million times better then what they have back home . 
  that is why you have to get down on their level with deporting them . 
  because if you do n't and you keep this ` construction ' in place your effectively saying to all immigrants coming now and under review now if you fail you can stay anyway , and before you know it we pull the bulk of the refugees like germany has . 
  because if your serbian/albanian and get rejected everywhere in the eu the netherlands is the place you can still be illegal and free . 
  why do n't you set up a non profit and do this then ? 
  so what do you suggest doing then ? 
  what 'd you do ? 
  pay for sleep/bed/food ? 
  or tell m to go fuck m selves ? 
  how does this even work now ? 
  they voluntary take a flight provided by us ?? 
  or do we send some marshalls with them ? 
  thats why you force them home , what else just accept them to stay because they wo n't leave anyway ? 
  if we ca n't forcebly deport them we simply have to remove their food and prefferably harras them on to leave . 
  they did not fail their asylum process for nothing . 
  and literally were still much too humanitarian . 
  i 'd say to them you literally have the choice now between stepping on this free flight back to . 
  or well airdrop you in the clothes you wear now in the middle of the north/south pole . 
  do this once , make nice video about it , broadcast it on public channels and everywhere and suddenly you have 30000 illigals thinking damn next them they catch me its problably best to take the flight . 
  radiation is a difficult concept to grasp and perhaps its great like that , otherwise everyone would be throwing this stuff around . 
  you always here in the news about isotopes that decay for 30000 years or more are really dangerous . 
  i mean yes they are but an isotope with a lower half life time emits about quintillion times more radiation in less then a day ( for some ) then for example uranium would to completely decay its radioactivity . 
  without actually starting the procces of fission the materials are on a very low level of radiation that making a dirty bomb becomes hard without going in to much detail basically raw uranium ore is perhaps only 10/25 times background radiation . 
  radiation is frightening , atleast certain types of it are . 
  a geiger counter ( radiaton thermomoter ) would not go off near my mobile phone , wifi router , or microwave . 
  thats because it only measures ionizing radiation that is radiation with enough energy to rip off electrons of atoms . 
  and its measured in units called sieverts . 
  if your exposed to 2 sieverts or more all at once ( in a short time span ) youll problably die shortly after that . 
  but we 're exposed to low levels of ionizing radiation all the time , bananas for example are rich in potassium and some of that potassium is naturally radioactive so when you eat an banana your exposed to about 0.1 microsievert ( 0.0000001 sieverts so 20 million bananas in 1 day will kill you radiation wise :p ) since people eat bananas , we become radioactive to , so your actually exposed to more radiation if you sleep next to someone then not , about 0,05 microsieverts more then if you sleep alone.but i would n't worry about that because that dose is insignificant compared to the standard background radiation we get on earth . 
  there is ionizing radiation coming out of the soil , the rocks , the air and even from space . 
  right now you and i are exposed to atleast 0.10-0 .20 microsieverts an hour depending on where you live . 
  but there are places , and things with significant higher levels of radiation . 
  hiroshima for example , 600meters above the peace dome they detonated the first nuke ever nowadays its only 0.3 / 0.4 microsieverts an hour . 
  in a uranium mine you would get about 1.1 / 12 microsieverts/h . 
  the first nuclear test at the trinity site made it so extremely hot that sand , rock and dirt fused together to make this glassy mineral which they named trinityte an hour at the trinity test site is about 1.0 microsievers/h . 
  but a rock of this trinityte emits alpha at 2/3 microsievers/h which you only would recieve by keeping it to your skin almost , the strength decays about 3 times every 10cm . 
  you would not expect but going on a plane gives you quite a ` high ' dose . 
  as you gain altitude there is less atmosphere above you to shield you from cosmic rays from space so the level of radiation at altitude is higher . 
  18000ft 0.5 microsieverts/h 23000 ft 1.0 microsieverts/h 33000ft 2.2 / 3 microsieverts/h . 
  chernobyl , reactor gone hot basically blew the top off in 1986 and spread lots of radioactive particles in the neighbouring area.b nowadays 30 years later we get about 5microsieverts/h . 
  so if you stay there for an hour you get an comparable dose to an dental x ray . 
  the dose is so low because they actually scraped the top few meters of soil of the surrounding area and buried it somewhere deep . 
  thats why you can still actually go there basically . 
  fukushima , even though it only released about 10 % of what happened in chernobyl . 
  because it is so recent it wouldnt have time to decay + they did n't scrape the soil of the land there but just made an exclusion zone . 
  you get anywhere from 8/35 microsieverts/h there depending on how close you get to the reactor . 
  ever heard about the fireman of chernobyl ? 
  after they had fought the fires they went with radiation poisoning to the pripyat hospital . 
  once the doctors figured out their clothing was contaminated they ordered them to strip down and they dragged their clothes to the basement where they still lie today . 
  outside of the door you still get around 500 microsieverts/h , closer to the clothes it gets 2500 + microsieverts/h . 
  staying there an hour means a years worth of natural background radiation ( not to mention the strontium and iodine particles you breath in and they love calcium ; it will make your bones and teeth radioactive ) now this might sound like alot , but consider that if you go for a ct-scan you recieve about 7000 microsieverts thats 3 years worth of natural background radiation . 
  it has been estimated that the people who used to live in fukushima will get an additional 10000 microsieverts in their livetimes due to the disaster . 
  for comparison a us raidation worker is limited to 50000 microsieverts a year . 
  an astronaut on the iss for 6 months will receive about 80000 microsieverts in these 6 months . 
  i 'm a smoker myself too but what i 'm gon na say now will shock alot of people . 
  smokers receive about 160000 microsieverts a year due to the radioactive polonium and lead in the tabacco theyr smoking , so not only are we exposed to carciginongen or toxins but also to high levels of radiation . 
  so while we don \u00b4 t know really much about the effects of radiation , we pretty much know that if you recieve 2 or more sieversts of radiation in a short while you will die a horrible death . 
  because we haven \u00b4 t as a species been exposed to much radiation our bodies havent evolved to adapt to it . 
  but many scientist and biologist agree that eventually we will be able to deal better with it ( millions of years ) but to answer your question . . you could but as i just showed you its problably a bigger dirty bomb to smoke in public then to throw around uranium ore , not to mention that you need to be pretty good a chemist to properly split uranium from all the other rocks and to really make something ` deadly ' radiation wise your gon na have to start a fission reaction which requires quite some infrastructure . 
  http://static.nautil.us/1931_15d185eaa7c954e77f5343d941e25fbd.jpg this picture illustrates perfectly the strenght of radiation , the haze in the upper left is the radiation fucking with the lens . 
  this is the molten concrete/reactor/fission products lava in the foot of the reactor in chernobyl this thing problably still emits over 250 sieverts an hour meaning standing there for more then a few minutes is your death . 
  ... you seriously thinking uranium availability is any concern for the french ... 
  despite all the conspiracy theories , australia , russia and canada have been the main suppliers of uranium for the eu for long times : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uranium_mining_by_country#/media/file:2009_eu_uranium_sources.png . 
  but really , uranium is not at all a strategic consideration going to war over . 
  there are several mines in europe even , decomissioned because digging deeper and deeper is way more costly then australia 's . 
  these are the countries with past and present mines in europe : germany , sweden , slovenia , russia , poland , czech , ukraine , romania . 
  uranium is all around us just like gold is in some ways . 
  although gold has flown down riverbeds and generally did n't feel like sticking to rocks uranium on the other hand blends in with rocks like pee does to water, 
  she sure was beautifull ... 
  and its a matter of security , not only capabality . 
  okay if your making kids toys you problably do n't care but if you have a company that has anything like a trade secret or you get what i mean then its simply an operational security risk to run any part of the network wirelessly, 
  radio equals radiation . 
  although to get the amount to make any difference on your lives you 'd need to live for a year long right next to a powerful radio transmitter and then still problably catch less then a person getting a ct scan , or smoking a cigarette , or taking a flight somewhere . 
  any self respecting bussiness runs cable . 
  i 'd love to imagine the car free streets again ...
