  in that sense germany has learnt to deal with its past , if you can acknowledge the evil inside of each and everyone of us you 're very unlikely to act upon those evils . 
  in a way its much worse to deny your past and look away then the acts themselves , let me clarify ; by denying it your saying theres no collective responsibility . 
  there were terrible things wrong with nazi germany just like with the ottoman empire , germany learned and changed . 
  turkey denies and cries , in a way this is much more evil . 
  at some point you have to own up to your country/humanities evil , because if you do n't you increase the likelyhood of it happening again . 
  germany owns its past and draws valueable lessons through it bout the future , no one blames a german personally for what happened 70 years ago , no one blames a turk personally for what happened 90 years ago . 
  but people might start blaming turks for not owning up to their evil side its like killing them and taking a shit on their memory aswell . 
  but seriously the only reason i can think of turkey does not own up to what it did is : middle eastern/arab pride and masculine culture ; it simply does not allow for self reflection as pride dictates it could not have been us etc. 
  as a dutchman i do not deny the warcrimes ( semi-genocides ) that took place in indonesia in 1946 + in our name , neither do i do for the 3/4 centuries of crimes before that , i mean we did comparable bullshit for 4 centuries long and no one denies these things took place tl ; dr be a real country and own up to your past ; if you ca n't atleast provide proper reasons why you would not, 
  parts of iraq are as far removed from war as kiev is from the donbass region . 
  so kiev people should get asylum ? 
  damn , white phosphorous ... 
  i wonder why this is still ` legal ' in war and regular mustard and sarin is n't ? 
  just an impression of the effects : https://nevercastleadagain.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/37348_1373314936444_1338920433_30975281_847231_n1.jpg?w=500&amp;h=483 if you need to see more just google white phosporous wounds, 
  ted cruz knows exactly what to say to his dummy base , to secure votes , like for example when he was almost defeated in the primary . 
  he choose to make a last ditch effort to win indiana by railing on the so called ` bathroom issue ' he tried his very best to sound reasonable but none of these republican extremists state the obvious ; the law was actually creating what they were fearing so much , by forcing people to choose bathroom by gender on birthcertificate they are forcing post operation people in the ` wrong ' bathroom . 
  and ted cruz biggest argument was that he did n't want a beardy dude guy entering the girls bathroom , well great job ted , that is just what this law accomplishes . 
  other then more then the ` senile ' liberterian positions he holds , he truly is , what i would consider an extremist : for example , he is a constitunial lawyer , hell he clerked for a supreme court justice and from my limited knowledge about america it seems that clerking for one of those is like one of the better jobs to get started . 
  i personally believe most of his positions are horse shit , spouted to get his dummy base onboard , like for example his wife openly argues for a theocracy , from the beginning ted cruz has made outreach to evangelicals his main plan to get elected , i think simply because americans are too ignorant to understand liberterianism he chooses to argue this religious position , or perhaps he truly believes it but then i wonder what he did in his time as clerk facts , what has he done against gay people , perhaps other then arguing the religious viewpoint in debates about gay people he openly has bragged about endorsements from mike bickle , kevin swanson etc. 
  anyway to sum it up what worries me more about him then trump is this : he either is a total walk over appealing to his dummy base ( this would be the less dangerous ted cruz ) or he would really believe this shit and wipe his ass with his constituion . 
  the so called `` original constitunialist '' like people call him . 
  other then that ofcourse your view about department of eductaion is legit , but you should remember why it was invented in the first place : it was to make sure that a missisipi school was as good as a manhattan school , atleast they had the same standards , so someone moving did n't have to worry about sending kids 1000 miles away to school . 
  and it was mitigate the international rankings , back then the us was even much more behind then they ' r nowadays . 
  other then that , before it was called deparmet of eductation the department of education organization act divided the department of health , education , and welfare into the department of education and the department of health and human services . 
  the department of education is administered by the united states secretary of education . 
  it is by far the smallest cabinet-level department , with about 5,000 employees . 
  it has an annual budget of us$ 73 billion ( 2016 ) . 
  yea right , call it victim blaming , i call it common sense . 
  had she not gone to the authorities she 'd be free to leave, 
  marseille sure has its reputation , regularly destroying foreign cities in away games . 
  the workflow is always westward . 
  poles come over here and provide downward pressure on jobs . 
  north koreans in poland ... 
  soon then perhaps americans and canadians in north korea ? 
  see , for example european laws arent even actual laws , because for example your government right now is sovereign and is ignoring them . 
  an actual law being ignored just goes to show how much of power is where exactly, 
  all decisions by parliament have veto power by the european council , which 1 single head of state has veto power over . 
  yes , and every decision made by the council of ministers is made by ministers , which have democratic liability in their own countries , works perfectly for us . 
  if you bump this up to the european level you 'll lose all accountability for them , just as has happened with the parliament . 
  yes they are elected , by a record breaking 30 ~ % votes . 
  it would be funny if it werent so serious . 
   no , and if there 's a chance i would fight it till my death . 
  i think it 's very imperialistic and a form of warmongering . 
  our forefathers have died and are buried all over this continent because of power plays like this before , and i would gladly follow them to have sovereignity stay where it is . 
  a senate would again push powers up to the european level instead of the national level and that is certaintly what our forefathers died for , state sovereignity . 
   well if it makes you feel any better hes not called prime minister in reality but the president  . 
  a prime minister has powers , so does a parliament . 
  so effectively the european union has a parliament that 's named as such but is devoid of power . 
  same for wanting to call a commisioner a pm, 
   why are they protesting in one of the most pro-gay countries in the world ? 
  they are nothing more then virtue signalling . 
  oh look at us were the good guys were against gay violence . 
  actions speak louder then words , and these guys that are pictured here for example are co-responsible for the invasion of cultures that hate gays . 
  council of ministers atleast give some national sovereignity and veto powers , kicking this further up to the european level means decisions about our lifes are taken further away from us , to prevent the centralization of europe will be the struglle of our lifetimes, 
   nominated by each national parliament . 
    also get rid of all the `` head of state '' concept . 
  it 's ok if you want a king/queen , but otherwise it 's redundant . 
  just make junker ( or the `` eu prime minister '' ) the head of state and the head of government . 
  this is also a warmongering and imperialistic position and i would fight till my death to stop it . 
  our grandparents and their grandparents generation are buried all over europe to prevent a central power from rising up , and i would do so again . 
   then get rid of the council ( or rename it ) and make it a proper senate where 1 country = x senators ( i personally think 10-12 is fine ) . 
  make them directly elected , or at least half directly elected and half appointed by each country 's government . 
  no , and if there 's a chance i would fight it till my death . 
  i think it 's very imperialistic and a form of warmongering . 
  our forefathers have died and are buried all over this continent because of power plays like this before , and i would gladly follow them to have sovereignity stay where it is . 
  i find it insulting that a glorified leader of a glorified parliament be called a prime minister in this graph . 
  it is unworthy of the name , and brings shame on every other prime minister there is . 
   the b-2 meanwhile , can steam for over 20,000 km with a single air refueling and about half that without . 
  fully loaded planes regulary take off with little fuel to fuel back up with a tanker, 
  he was not refferring to southern europeans . 
  he made an example for the interviewer who had been asking about solidarity for the last 5 questions, 
  good luck getting qualified staff to romania, 
  it 's funny , the way politico and the rest of the media reports this is put way out of context from the original interview . 
  goes to show how easily a pm and former pm are influenced by ` fake ' or misleading news in this case . 
  just read the original interview in german and you 'd understand aswell, 
  he did not suggest at any point that southern europeans blow their money on booze and hookers . 
  but sure , take it out of context and he did . 
  he did not suggest so at any point , he was making a point about solidarity that it works 2 ways . 
  he might have chosen a bad metaphor but he was talking about the me sense . 
  thats perhaps a bad mataphor chosen and might just be cultural difference dutch calvinistic frankness vs carefull niceness of the south . 
  and he was explicitly not talking about southern europeans , i think he ment it like : if i spent my money on booze and hookers i ca n't expect you to pay for me if i get bankrupt . 
  in my mind this is what he ment to say and not make a stereotype about southern europeans . 
  dijsselbloem : on the one hand , we are able to calculate externally if we apply it consistently . 
  on the other hand , the pact within the eurozone is creating confidence . 
  in the euro crisis , the northern eurozone countries have shown solidarity with the crisis countries . 
  as a social democrat , i consider solidarity to be extremely important . 
  but whoever demands it also has duties . 
  i can not spend all my money on liquor and women and then ask for your support . 
  this principle applies at a personal , local , national level and also at european level . 
  the full translation of what he said ^ ^ now tell me what is so repulsive about what he said ? 
  indeed goes to show how much truth to the argument is when the reaction is this fierce, 
  it is , it was a weak metaphor but it was certaintly what was meant, 
   yeah , but certainly merging two tags would lose you some good national ideas , best to keep a french march and that 's it . 
  until the germans invent the next style of warfare :p, 
  and luckily there are , government should be close to its people . 
  say whatever you want , the most happiest and prosperous countries are smaller ones . 
  no party in the netherlands would agree to such a thing , we have our own justice system, 
  yessssssss , lets kick the bastards back out of constantinople and rightfully return it to the greeks , would also give nato the thing they need to kick them out . 
   to be fair , abrams use british chobham armor which means you 're probably safer in an abrams being showered with pg-7gs and small arms fire than in a dorm room with a bunch of drunk students aye definetely , but tanks used to be very safe , but ever since the full development of shaped charges means that a hand carried 2000 $ 10kg rocket can kill a 6million high tech tank straight from assembly line, 
  fun fact for you : ee will likely not be allowed in this full speed group,
