let it come baby let it come . 
  i 'd for one love some medditerrean climate in holland . 
  okay but for real it is n't a big threat . 
  oh yea sea will rise gradually , but so will our dikes . 
  but humans damn sure will find a way to carry on, 
  nah only in movies a intellengence operator knows more then his current mission . 
  with atleast 50 % being involuntary spying through blackmail . 
  equating immigration and ttip lol, 
  sure but driving that in europe with 1.70 a liter hurts ass :p, 
  thats funny , as iraq was never sanctioned by un . 
  a capitalist would sell the rope for his own hanging . 
  morale is not a thing in a free market , you can selectively whine about war weapons but you might aswell critise tabbaco because its more deadly . 
  your full of shit , diesel is the only way we currently get comfortable nm of torque out of a vehicle at low rpm . 
  i suppose you havent tried to pull 4 tons with a petrol engine but it 'll ruin your clutch very quickly . 
  skipping parole in the nl lands you back in jail . 
  there might not be benefits . 
  but european law states that you atleast have to provide : food , showering oppurtunities and a bed to sleep in . 
  i mean comon get your panties out of a knot jesus what is the problem that a few people are gon na be coming to your countries ? 
  we in western europe have been dealing with your scum for decades now . 
  we either as europe find a common solution or were all gon na be paying for it one way or the other . 
  the blame game on facking germany is pathetic aswell , every country is equally responsible . 
  germany did n't force this quota on eastern europe . 
  eastern europe did themselves , if they do n't like the majority vote system they should n't have joined in the first place . 
  but now for once the benefits and nice money does n't flow east and straight away all these sorry ass eastern europeans come crying that they ' r gon na have to take care of a few thousand people . 
  you wan na go in a union claiming all benefits but not pulling your share ? 
  feel free to crawl up russia 's arse again, 
  having a bottle of jack daniels is a crime against humanity at every time and place . 
  i mean american whiskey is baddd , but damn jack daniels is the top of the iceberg . 
  who would ever want a bourbon once youve had a irish or scottish whiskey . 
  anyone giving this more thought then : ' bs it ever happening ' is naive . 
  lets say russia was not in ukraine , then nato could still not under any circumstance accept them as a member . 
  for one thing their army is not up to nato standards . 
  for number 2 and perhaps the most important one , ukraine 's corruption + spies in ranks . 
  nato would not be able by default to give any ` new tech ' weapons because they 'd sure end up in some reverse engineering institute in moscow . 
  for example only a few months ago the us finally authorised stinger manpad 's to the baltics . 
  and ofcourse the spies and general corruption , you would n't be able to share doctrine and plans or anything . 
  ukraine in nato is a dream that might happen in 20 years perhaps , but nowhere in the near future . 
  you force them like with a parole system to say hi everyday or twice a week at location x , if they do n't they lose all benefits , housing etc. 
  if they still choose to go to germany then its their problem basically . 
  germany wo n't provide them and theyll soon enough starve/think again, 
  ofcourse , it is very rarely that a fighter jet leaves without at least air to air missiles, 
  waatt ?? 
  to about 20 % avarage ?? 
  you guys need to smoke pot and chugg a few beers before sleep , works like magic . 
  the very problem with islamic ideoligy captured in this skit . 
  it seems to be to be no middle ground its either full submittance to allah or none at all . 
  the change is already happening i personally see it daily young middle easterners calling a western women whore for wearing a skirt in public . 
  or for jews for example , they start not wearing their scarfs or whats it called because theyll get yelled at first muslims sighting . 
   f you actually opened up a tractor you would know that that engine block is at least 5cm thick . 
  you cant just penetrate that with a gun , fuck you ca n't even penetrate that with a anti aircraft gun . 
  you may hit a pipe or something but that about it . 
  shoot the tires . 
  1 ap round on any caliber will penetrate an engine , although i do n't think police units have these . 
  atleast in nl . 
  although hitting fuel/oil/cooling pipes will shut it down aswell although might take a while, 
  schengen never facilitated that , we had open borders with germany long before schengen was thought of . 
  i did not know the union had an anthem . 
  but other then that what is european about this ? 
  i mean its recorded in a spanish city ... what is next , calling a song made in germany . 
  a very earthlike flashmob ? 
  what is european about this ? 
  this is a spanish city . 
   one of their subsidiaries financed the civil war in dr congo by illegally trading coltan or they 've been financing lobby groups to subvert a lot of eu environmental regulation or by their ( ex ) subsidiary ig farben theyr basically the company that got charged with finding the most cost effective gas to gas people with their result : zyklon b , ironically a pesticide . 
  no one does by default anyway . 
  no government in somalia ? 
  lets give them a parachute and jump them , their choice to pull the cord, 
  this is no ai . 
  these cars just recognize things and programmed to every painstaking detail what to do if etc. 
  there is no intelligence , but through hours and hours of driving it will get better at recognizing cars , trees kids or what have you . 
  this is kinda the same way the newest tech for search engines works it recognizes patterns in data and recognizes based on past data what it is machines get pretty effective at spotting a tree once they have seen 1 billion . 
  but in no way is this intelligence , this is in fact a new sort of smart database algorithm which can regonize patterns in code with human input telling it this is a tree this is a car from the front etc it can group these things and sort of recognize it . 
  and the driving part is nothing other then millions of lines of code saying : if sensor a b c d e f or g pick up this or that variable break , gear down accelerate whatever . 
  and do not underestimate this , to get this to a decent level that it will get in normal cars will be a massive project taking atleast 50-75 years if no advancements are made in actual intellegence . 
  there are simply trillions of variables , what about snowy roads ? 
  what about anything other then the 50km2 they have mapped out where the car can perform . 
  this is why there will always be a brake installed or whatever , planes fly 99 % of the time on autopilot it can actually land and follow a path in the air all on autopilot and yet there are still pilots . 
  a factory operator nowadays is only there to interupt the machine if it goes wrong , or to error check the complete product because it doesnt trust the machine 100 % . 
   machines it 's good to think about an alternative where jobless people can still do something with their lives other than beg for food to the 0.1 % that will actually still have a job that requires a human . 
  you buy in to this yes ? 
  every car will still require a driver for emergency reasons . 
  unless someone actually creates ai which is only a ghost what has been chased for 10 years to no succes, 
  i always find this sort of funny about our world . 
  recognizing things . . it \u00b4 s the sort of childish way of not wanting to see things , or opposing it . 
  it is sort of arrogant in some way this recognising game that we feel or some countries feel that them recognising it would then make it allright i remember about the referendum . . : the white house does not recognise the crimean referendum . 
  yea right , like putin cares whether you would recognize a rat from a elephant, 
  same as legally russia doesnt own crimea . 
  once you claim it , and defend it . 
  it will be technically yours . 
  whatever the law says, 
  military police units should also have riot control training and i bet some mayor or president in france could give them their legal requirements, 
   they were suppose to have put capital control back then ... never happened instead anyone with a little brain power took all their money ( untaxed ) and hid them overseas ie swiss bank accounts ( $ 800b !!! ), 
  and uk property . 
  taxing all these alone would cancel the debt . 
   as inpopular as it maybe , this guy speaks truth . 
  greece brought it on itself . 
  its in effect stupid , to limit yourselves to the weapons your willing to use , however horrible they may be . 
  your all a bunch of sissies . 
  really ca n't deal with this , why do n't you kill yourself already ? 
  if the lion was smarter then the men he 'd had shot the men instead of the other way around you can always whine about species dying or whatever but that just reality of the world aka evolution . 
  nothing other then the tiger caused the tiger to die there , in the millions of years it simply failed to adapt to their threats these kind of processes will happen literally till the end of time .
