  they cram themselves with 400 in apartment for 40 . 
  or ruin campings for locals , or even actual tourists . 
  i think most of the people are afraid of another huge wave coming . 
  because which jobs are next ?? 
  trucker is nowadays impossible to live on as a dutchmen , eastern europe is price cutting at every avenue , and for less then 15 $ / h it 's impossible to make a living here , my boss can almost get 160 hours of work out of a polish guy for about 500-1000 euro and this is just one aspect of it . 
  in every lower wage/skill job like : trucker , mason , toilet cleaning , well you know what im getting at . 
  immigrants are undercutting local people on prices and cutting them out of jobs and then we havent spoken about the cost part of the whole eu bussiness yet for us . 
  and i guess people are just really afraid to let it even go faster to opening more of schengen up , i wish our parliament would bring up sensible legislation like : anyone on dutch soil pays dutch loans no matter where your from . 
  had i known 15 years ago unschooled work would be undercut in price by immigrants i would have fucking studied . 
  but 15 years ago i kinda feel like politicians were purposely vague to not let to much skepticisim arrive bout this hole ordeal ... 
  but i think when the eu adresses these points ^ ^ , the eu has a change of succes . 
  one of the things britain , and less so some other west/northern states have problems with . 
   e. keep in mind that the average american car is larger and more powerful ( average horsepower for a car in the us is ~ 200 ) than the average european car . 
  hmmm okay marges arent that great then yet , but i guess if you compare it power wise having the accelaration of a lambo for half the price and half the output it aint to bad . 
  makes me wonder , is there any proper electric vehicle on market now which is really made for environment , like an uber little consuming car ? 
  anyone here good with math numbers etc ? 
  i would love to know the comparison in co2 output vs a normal car . 
  from coal to power or petrol to power . . 
  anyway unless theyr soon on 500 each , i wont have any soon . 
   get some money back for them so that they 're recycled . 
  you do n't get money back , its your money you paid for . 
  every bottle you buy has +25 cents on it which you get back on return . 
  but i guess in some way you do . . 
  war is a country of will , there is no room for sympathy . 
  if your not willing to give up everything , you 've already lost . 
  oh booo booooooooo people are scared by ttip !!!!, 
  comon guys , the fact of the matter is , we either create this trade deal . 
  or we will be running after the facts and others will be setting standards for us . 
  the 21st century is gon na be about trading bloc 's , and creating the biggest market for your economy this is how nations or bloc 's will make or break it in the ever closer world . 
  and then i see thebearwhale : ` who in case he need to be `` activist '' , yet he has no single argument against it that is n't rooted in fear . 
  of course there is isds , that is how trade deals work , atleast for the last 100 years . 
  and if your still worried by then . 
  it has to go through the europeon parliament which sucks and problably would ratify : and then it would have to be ratified by each lower and upper house of government of each member states . 
  and then you are close to 50 ~ unanimous yesses , which i do n't see happening anytime in the next 50 years . 
  which brings us to our biggest problem , maybe you should become activist for that thebearwhale . 
  our division of power , were stuck in this fucked up situtation where we ca n't even negotiate our trade deals ourselves anymore , and the eu ca n't problably get it done for us , so were better of by ourselves . 
  should be more like 1952 in holland, 
   there is also a german/polish/danish one . 
  and a dutch / british marine unit, 
  well , i for one do not accept some ` world leaders ' putting blame on any country as any sort of proof . 
  i sort of reason like a scientist in that way , i question the premise , like in this case . 
  there is no proof going one way or the other . 
  in that case i choose not to lay blame , as it would be unfair to do so without any concluding evidence . 
  its like saying darwinism is right because everyone says so , i get it , many people reason like this . 
  but i check darwinism by their content and proof provided along with his theories and then asses it and many parts of evidence together with the theories does give me the power to say conclusively that this is right . 
  in no way whatsoever can i go that deep into the mh 17 matter . 
  the only fact for sure is that the plane went down by this buk type warhead detonated near the cockpit . 
  no other proof or evidence provided leave me to conclude anything else . 
  i do believe bellingcat 's case 's view . 
  although bellingcat did a thorogouh review of the case and traced one launcher to a russian crew and provided lots of photo and data support for their analysis this is still inconclusive proof , atleast 2 other organisations should conclude the same thing before i can take it as any sort of hard proof . 
  russia did that indeed . 
  atleast as far as most people know , none of us has actually seen any concluding evidence . 
  so our case for believing a truth is one without evidence . 
  there was quick to rush to judgements , by the bigger nato nations , ukraine and even russia . 
  yet ukraine did n't ` save ' the radar data . 
  russia gave data which could have been doctored . 
  americans gave classified radar data to officials which only a few have seen . 
  so conspiraracies take root . 
  and hell even if our pm would have fucking proof , im not quite sure he would release it . 
  further blaming russia about mh17 will not make any eu-russia relations better . 
  so therefore i would not be surprised if he knew , but choose not to release anything because it would force him in a position of responding . . further escalating the stuff . . 
  typical american viewpoint : hey one country does not want to huddle up to ukraine therefore it must either be under russian influence because their genuine concerns about stuff are viewpoints created by propaganda  according to a poll cited by a ukrainian foreign ministry official , 59 percent of those who voted against the treaty listed , as an important motivation , the fact that ukraine is corrupt ; 19 percent believed that ukraine was responsible for the crash of mh-17 , the plane that russian separatists shot down over ukraine in 2014 ; 34 percent believed that the treaty would guarantee ukraine 's membership in the european union . 
  of those three points , the second two are certainly false . 
  the first , while true , is hardly a rational argument against a treaty designed to reduce corruption in ukraine . 
  about 10 times i 've heard poroshenko , european officials and even us secretary of state saying that ukraine should be part of the eu . 
  and believe me that is what will happen in this game of geopolitics . 
  you can choose to ignore these signals but when a us secretary of state says it it means it 's part of their foreign policy goals , that combined with the brussel sentiment of ever expansion leaves me without a doubt that their goals is ultimately to get ukraine in the eu . 
  and ofcourse they try to say that this is not the case because it would create election problems for them next turn . 
  this is the way eu has been growing from the start . 
  we went in to the eu for economic cooperation , no one ever wanted this political union bullshit . 
  it 's the way its always been sold , our politicians have ran on a limited political europe for always but economic cooperation , but thats just all talk and they all love the idea of a federate europe with nice jobs after their elections at home fail . 
  and the media helps them with it , saying stuff like this is in no way a start of eu membership , yet countless officials have said otherwise . 
  people who are not as informed see this stuff in the media and think ohh this aint to bad and this way our politicians can get away with it , making europe a bigger slug day by day . 
  but when the next election comes around they all run on the platform of : limited eu , but economic cooperation . 
  and media just goes with the geopolitical line and do n't question their words . 
  you ca n't blame people for having a viewpoint about mh-17 , when there is no real proof for real people to see you open yourselves up to conspiracy . 
  might aswell be north korea , would give the dutch people as much benefit . 
  the market will be a bit bigger , but no single ukrainian would be able to afford dutch or even polish products , the only thing it will do is make ukrainian stuff super cheap for us thus creating pressure on those sectors in our own economy . 
  i havent yet heard opposition make a single argument that without a doubt says this will make us better of, 
   i do n't want these people to suffer because someone ca n't read the title of a youtube video . 
  which idiot puts their adress or place he lives in a cv ? 
  seriously its nothing more then a filler which in no case can work favorably . 
  un has shit to say about it . 
  it 's all in france 's pocket , and they can choose to do whatever . 
  same with us military , they 've put thousands of rapes and stuff under the rug in the past 2 wars . 
  un investigators are per tradition given the finger if they try to investigate , or request documents, 
  well lets turn it around then , provide a good argument for why we should vote yes on this agreement ? 
  it is certaintly true , but ever since free momevent started in the eu the lower wage jobs have been hit by trucks . . 
  there is no person going in to construction , transport and all the other sectors filled with eastern europeans . 
  but lets say theyll have no labor movement for 50 years . 
  even then it would suck for our farmer , because how can we compete against 1 euro an hour wages ? 
  association agreements give  $ 3 billion from the eu budget in the coming years , $ 1.6 billion in macro financial assistance loans ( mfa ) and an assistance package of grants of $ 1.4 billion ; \u2022 up to $ 8 billion from the european investment bank and the european bank for reconstruction and development ; \u2022 potential $ 3.5 billion leveraged through the neighbourhood investment facility ; \u2022 setting up of a donor coordination platform ; \u2022 provisional application of the deep and comprehensive free trade area when association agreement is signed and , if need be , by autonomous frontloading of trade measures ; \u2022 organisation of a high level investment forum/task force ; \u2022 modernisation of the ukraine gas transit system and work on reverse flows , notably via slovakia ; \u2022 acceleration of visa liberalisation action plan within the established framework ; offer of a mobility partnership ; \u2022 technical assistance on a number of areas from constitutional to judicial reform and preparation of elections . 
  and this is just the start , association members whenever they are in trouble ( like ukraine is now with huge debts ) can request support packages , and there has n't been one country denied yet . 
  so we can easily say this will cost europe 100 billion over 10 years as ukraine is balancing weeks from default for the last year now . 
  before france and uk even considered the tunnel rail travel was a proven concept for 200 ish years . 
  at the moment there is not one working design of a hyperloop , not even a concept proven yet . 
  it might aswell not work and prove to be a supper inefficient design . 
  but i like how theres a agreement to build something unproven . 
  see , and through this assocation agreement they get acces to eu funds thus beeing a burden on us for the first 20 years atleast , while were not any kind of trading partners , would only hurt our cheaper industries and visa free travel or even free movement would only increase the downward pressure on jobs like : contruction , transport , the working man job . 
  apart from this , this very agreement is the thing that initiated all problems for ukraine the maidain , the following war .
