  of getting their money back and restoring confidence in the market . 
  economics is brutal and do n't care for pensioners or lost personal wealth . 
  it 's about balancing budgets . 
  its bullshit , we 'd still be as safe . 
  the only thing they could withdraw is the sharing of nuclear weapons which would get us riled up . . 
  but big chance a few european nation would make our own in that case . 
  yea , but you ca n't say its purely out of selfless help . 
  90 % is out of own interest . 
  yes the assosiation agreement would have happened with or without mh17 . 
  although perhaps one could say mh17 would not have happened without the agreement . 
  i actually linked to what he said , but its not something op agrees with so hes willfully deaf, 
  did you actually listen to what he said ? 
  your either willfully ignorant or i do n't know . 
   eople like me actually believe in human rights for everyone , because your rights are the ones we would take away first if we did n't . 
  it says people have these rights , they never said who should give them to them . 
  so if you still believe in these human right ` treaties ' welcome in the real world where they dont exist . 
  oh please with your bs declaration of rights , it never even speaks about what should be given or who shoould even give it . 
  for the first 3 years economicaly speaking the german invasion of holland was the best thing happening in 20 years economically . 
  some historians would argue that we were just as much nazified as germany was . 
  but rather our history books talk about how much we resisted etc. 
  we hailed the germans as victors , we hailed the americans as victors . 
  hell we would even hail the russians as victors had they made it to the netherlands . 
  any mention of resistance is i think wrong because it should talk about 95 % about how we fucked one and another over for a few reichmark or rations . 
  how over 50000 of our boys were fighting in the east . 
  it seems fairly obvious to me that ukraine is on path of joining eu , if you do n't believe me just google rompuy association agreement . 
  and historically assosciatin agreements have been first steps for several countries in joining the eu . 
  it was 3 weeks before mh 17 that he said that . 
  true that , but : the services did not have any information that the groups that were fighting against the ukrainian government in the eastern part of ukraine possesed medium or long-range surface-to-air missiles . '', 
  they say they didnt have information , not that it changes anything wether deliberately targeted or not . 
  the security services had to have known and yet say they do n't . 
  `` the services did not have any information that the groups that were fighting against the ukrainian government in the eastern part of ukraine possesed medium or long-range surface-to-air missiles . '', 
  the services as in dutch services , and thats what i find odd about it . 
  dutch services apparently did not get the memo what breedlove got he said basically that equipment including medium or long range surface to air missiles were moved across the border . 
  and he said this 18 days before it happened . 
  i find it inconcievable that the dutch intilligence community did not know about this . 
  the dutch intelligence did not , but everyone who watches pentagon press conference briefings on youtube does ... yea right . 
  i find it odd . 
  it speaks about : `` at the dutch safety board 's request , the dutch review committee for tthe intelligence and security services ( ctivd ) examined wheter the dutch intelligence and security services possesed any information that could have been important for the safety of flight mh17 . 
  the services had no indication that the warring factions intended to shoot down civil aeroplanes . 
  the services did not have any information that the groups that were fighting against the ukrainian government in the eastern part of ukraine possesed medium or long-range surface-to-air missiles . '', 
  either the intelligence services lied to them or this is a bogus report . 
  general breedlove which is supreme allied commander of nato said publicly on 30 june 2014 that russians had given medium or long range surface to air missiles . 
  i find it inconcievable that the supreme commander would say it publicly without our intelligence services having heard about it . 
  so they are lying , or its a bogus report, 
  yea i know , thats why i say its more about the eu in general then our hate for any country . 
  its basicaly the sentiment that eastward expansion sucks for lower schooled citizens in my country through downward pressure on lower paying jobs so thats why we opposed them getting schengen . 
  if your not opposed to expansion as a political party youre losing votes . 
  it 's basically in response to the sentiment from eastern europeans in the sub last days that western europe has been unfair to them and im basically giving response based on living in the netherlands . 
  lots of people said its because of gypsies or xenophobia or about masses of people moving west when gaining acces to schengen ( which is a bogus argument because thats not what schengen is for ) . 
  but its more about the eu in general and its direction then our hate for romanians or any country per se, 
  first screened today i think . 
  this is the filming of the novel er ist wieder da . 
  should be great . 
  it is n't so much about you guys at all . 
  its more about the promise we got when the eu started . 
  it would be a platform of trade between nations but the last 2 decades it transfered into the political entity with the ever growing need to expand . 
  so if a politician can say he stopped a country from joining a few years its a win . 
  it 's the same thing going on with the ukraine referendum now , it aint somuch about that agreement with ukraine , but more about the eu and its ever wanting to expand philosophy . 
  an acession treaty is just the first step towards membership , and not that we are that sore appels that we wouldnt want ukraine in , point it we would like to stop paying for most of the east because afterall our population got little benefits from the eu apart from a few corporations maybe . 
  all our low wage jobs are being pressured down by immigrants and quite alot truckdrivers , builders , in the green sector , cleaning etc all these kinds of jobs are basically impossible nowadays to have a living wage for for in the netherlands because these are the fields most eastern europeans join in . 
  this has nothing to do with not liking eastern europeans , but rather more with our selfish interest . 
  estonia i want pipeline !, 
  im not even gon na argue , read about aegis . 
  you are terribly mistaken on the readyness of the nato alliance . 
  i know that netherlands always has 4 f16 's ready ( under own flag ) , and 2 ready under nato command although these are the second strike mission . 
  and this is just nl , you can be damn sure that at any time there are 20 + jets on scramble under nato flag . 
  and for that matter , turkey is part of the nato sharing of nuclear weapons . 
  their mission in war is to drop strategic smaller nuclear bombs , just like italy 's , belgium 's netherlands and germany . 
  there have been jets on scramble for this since 1955 . 
  hell at the hight of the cuban missile crisis these jets were constantly in holding patterns infront of borders ready to bomb in less then 5 minutes if orders came . 
  do not underestimate turkey , they can raise the stakes as high as russia can . 
  the russians are just trolling again and testing responses / flight patterns / doctrine vs locked etc. 
  this is all real valueable information . 
  but believe me , turkey could if it wanted destroy all those sams , all the russian airfields and bases and ships around black sea and deny russia access . 
  capabality wise non nuclearly speaking turkey is in the advantage , anti ship missiles from land are cheap vs cost of ships it will sink, 
   i 'm assuming you know we used uranium reactors to make weapons grade plutonium as part of the nuclear arms race . 
  thorium reactors are getting some serious interest from developing countries . 
  yes , i 'm just talking about design flaws of the current powerreactors , namely the presserised water reactor . 
  but other then that i do n't think you 've understand what i 've said , i 'm simply talking about the possibilities of other isotopes and what it could do for the world . 
  there are simply so many isotopes and fission products that we havent as humans even barely scratched the surface of what is possible with fission . 
  if we found ways to expirement and found new ways to harness these isotopes we could be looking at much more power from way less weight vs way less risk . 
  theoreticly uranium and plotunium are way more dangerous in radiaton , rarer in nature as gold as the other fissile materials , and have a way shittier distrubution of neutrons vs protons . 
  there are simply so many possibilities in this but we never found proper ways to harness any other isotopes then uranium or plutonium while there are several other isotopes that have the proper proton vs neutron rating that they can chain react . 
  now there are some design 's for thorium reactors , but no one has ever built one yet . 
  partly because the fear for nuclear which is largely caused by the failing of pressurised water reactor design ( chernobyl & fukushima ) . 
  although it is widely believe that some of the newer nuclear submarines are infact thorium reactors namely the astute class and the american one which i ca n't think of the name . 
  their shielding for radiation implies this . 
  i always wondered , if we keep getting exposed to higher radiation , more and more of it wether evolution would take over and make our offspring a bit more resistant then we once were . . all theories about evolution say we should , be it at a slight pace one day well be able to handle bigger amounts of msv . 
  after the first firefighters got to the pripyat hospital it took some time to figure out that these firefighters clothes were almost as bad as chilling near the reactor , so they undressed them and brought their clothes to the basement . 
  30 years later now and its still radioactive as fuck through the particle smoke and dust what gathered on their clothes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ln2v4dsp0s . 
  other then the obvious scary shit im optimistic about the possibilities of nuclear energy / propulsion/etc . 
  we as humans have just dipped our little toe in the water , we know alot of the standard uranium/plutonium kind of reactors but if you believe scientist energy/reward wise these are one of the worst nuclear materials they could choose . 
  they think they can make new reactors 100 % safe , but until someone starts this governments are gon na keep choosing for the expensive and useless pressure cooker bomb uranium reactor, 
  i think european leaders are hoping syria sorts itself out within 5 years , that way they can deport all syrians and be done with the costs . 
  other then that there is a way to citizenship in most countries if they pass some advanced language/culture tests etc after 5/10 years of residence , the question is will they stay longer then 5 years for citizenship or will we deport them sooner ? 
   well with an equal population ( if not larger ) europe is lagging the us in terms of technology . 
  like i said several times here , you can not buy a european gpu . 
  that kinda bothers me ... doesnt it you ? 
  yeah yeah meat is important but c'mon . 
   oh a guys with a us boner again .
