  more of our borders are a wall or a fence then 1 % . 
  again thats a question of how true you wan na be to yourself . 
  in theory you could give them a parachute and a coat and airdrop them on the middle of the south pole . 
  it all depends on how much you want to and how true to yourself you want to be . 
  otherwise you can detain people guantanamo style indefinetly, 
  mostly because our attitudes as europeans . 
  for example in holland we call everything north african a marrocon , even if hes been born here and does not have the morrocan nationality . 
  we treat 4th and 1st generation immigrants the same basically, 
  i find it really funny , yet in this thread there are still people saying : it was not one of the refugees . 
  okay lets count that statement as true , that still does n't account for the effect that we 're importing this culture here a 10000 a day . 
   ughtcrime punishment and totalitarian society . 
  like we do n't live in one yet anyway, 
  this is bull , they could enlarge their military 4 or 5 times without getting in to trouble the next decade . 
  i do n't think we should hold ourselves to this standard because we ca n't control the rest of the world , it is nice to play in the same market . 
  for example the me airline carriers are generally growing and growing because european or american carriers ca n't out compete them on price/quality without getting subsidies aswell . 
  and things like this is the case in many markets . 
  american -- military stuff china -- steel japan -- other minerals . 
  if we were properly serious about fair competition we would basically be force not to buy f35 's and everything else military wise basically , in the end all invented through and with subsidies . 
  or stop using most the steel in our metal industries . . 
  yes and thats why i \u00b4 m saying : so in a way the past ahmeds have fucked up for the current ahmeds although you ca n't judge a group of people by the actions of a few , literally everyone in the world does . 
  but employers sure as hell wo n't get involved with ahmed when he sees another ahmed spitting or generally behaving like people from me na descent . 
  and now you can say its racist or discriminatioin . 
  i do n't think so , it 's just human nature . 
  we as a people hated germans for atleast 30 years , and im quite sure thats also becausae of the actions of a few . 
  and i think for these kinds of problems is not a solution either . 
  other then abandoning the multicultural idea . 
  cultures are bound to clash . 
  i firmly believe that it matters not that theyr named johan or ahmed . 
  more problably so that ahmed still speaks like hes a syrian and thinks like a syrian . 
  but youknow the hiring person does n't care for his time to ` integrate ' he just wants a worker that can properly speak and write and do his work . 
  so in a way the past ahmeds have fucked up for the current ahmeds because employers know full well what kind of dude they have in front ofhim . 
  but now lets say ahmed and johan spoke both without an accent and were both equally qualified and ahmed is first choice . 
  they can cry all they want but this is the free market economy they migrated to and should perhaps recheck the brochure . 
  so yes , the last 10-20 years of middleeastern/northernafrican immigrants have essentially closed all doors for the refugees coming in now . 
  unless these refugees can impress within 5 minutes infront of an employer theyr useless, 
  stop crying on reddit and go to the streets is what i say against all those so called ` worried ' about surveillance, 
  oh please , lets not fool ourselves . 
  the only reason theyr not armed at the moment is the backlash they 'd get for using killer cyborgs so to compensate they first tell we use cyborgs and few years later tell them we strapped some arnaments on them . 
  depends where the battle would be fought , but yes turkey would be able to hold out big time , specially if its above its soil or its neighbours . 
  it will put russians at a big disadvantage, 
  pyrotechnics is by its nature very explosive but it could have been real hot flames + crowd aswell, 
  this is ridiculous , you despise the idea of relying on somebody else but yet the only reason the baltics arent russian nowadays is your realiance on somebody else ... 
  but strategicaly for real , 1 cluster bomb and a guided airstrike could take out your brigade + their command and control structure . 
  these troop redeployments are great for deterrent . 
  it means that if russia feels like attacking it becomes very likely a foreign soldier might die and their president or pm would be forced to retaliate . 
  and the other part is just funding . . 
  the netherlands has already used its budget for next year for bombings etc any contingency that isnt planned is simply no money for even not to keep 300 guys at a base for a few months . 
  hell , our army doesnt even have enough ammunition to train , thats how bad it is . 
  but look through the perspective of countries like mine and belgium or germany and italy for that matter , for us security is a guarantee . 
  we havent really had to think of it for 70 years now , okay the cold war was scary perhaps , but personally i never had to worry about it, 
  giving up your voice etc in exchange for not paying is a great deal , specially for countries like great britain , or mine for example . 
  because for real what do we have for voice ? 
  and per capita wise we pay the brunt of the ` european project ', 
  in some ways its capilalism that decides this . 
  want capital , lower your taxes !, 
  but for real , you can not expect of one single country in the world to change their tax policies so they wo n't attract capital that would never touch it soil otherwise . 
  you could complain and cry about it only when you control the whole worlds tax rates . 
  but in the real word we do n't so the free market takes over and there is a race to the bottom with taxes for these companies . 
  to those who still whine i say : your country perhaps should join the free market and out compete these ` tax haveans ' or your simply not getting a cent of the money . 
  al you leftist can qq about corporations and anything but thats just how the world works, 
   bush wanted in 2008 to start the procedures of integrating nato for ukraine and georgia . 
  europe didnt want that and guess what ? 
  it didnt happen . 
  so no , it 's not just a us alliance . 
   im not arguing that it is an us alliance , im just stating that through the us ` paying ' most of our collective defense they get the honor of naming the supreme commander . 
  which has always been an american , with a deputy officer from another nato member , though only british and germans have held the post . 
  im not saying it 's a us alliance , i 'm just saying that the highest military officer of that alliance is an american military officer , which by its nature answers to the us president . 
  and i say there have been doctrines written for lots of things , from missiile defence to invasions to a n z. 
  when certain things happen this gives the supreme commander ability to usurp some elements as specified by the treaties . 
  in missile defence cases ( practice mostly ) these units ( aegis ships , batteries , radar components ) are all usurped under the nato flag in less then 5 minutes . 
  i 'm just trying to say that under certain specified extraordinary cercumstances nato has the capability to start certain things before parliament approves . 
  in some ways , the supreme allied commander is a more powerful post then most pm 's or presidents . 
  there are always ~ 25 nato planes on scramble in northern europe , they are under nato 's command and could in extraoridanary cercumstances be used . 
  hell , no parliament has any say about wether these under nato command will be used only the supreme allied commander has which has always been an american so in the end the only guy who has a say about that would be the us president . 
  there are doctrines written and things signed that in the extraordinary cercumstance war breaks out the supreme allied commander will have power to usurp individual nations airwings/divisions etc especially because it takes forever to get a parliament together . 
  but france might have an opt out of this because years back you did n't like this deal plus the nuclear deal and you left , exerted pressure and came back 5 years later with a fresh deal, 
  if you had actually checked the video i linked you you would know alot of what you said up here is incorrect . 
  these are not guys hired by opposition as has been going around in estonia . 
  they are students that found security flaws in the estonian system , wanting to confront these flaws they got put under the rug basically by the estonian ruling party which used this as spin against the opposition . 
  no rather not , i 'd rather keep anything this important of the internet . 
  check https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy_phvhe4os . 
  exposes the flaws in security in the estonian system, 
  the only butthurt person is you , you are conlfating a few words . 
  welfare certaintly relates to anything that 's ` well ' and provided by the state . 
  its funny how you say in europe blablalb is the word used for , yea right ... . europe does n't even have a language . 
  but jesusgobson surely knows that the english words mean differently in europe then they do elsewhere . 
  your pathetic , learn to concede a point, 
  slovenia should be able to afford a jammer to follow the refugee group . 
   hey only they 'll launch with people after they are certain it will work . 
  heck it would be years just to get enough ships there and back to actually allow a manned mission . 
  there is also no noticeable benefit unless an easy way to transport minerals from there appears . 
  yep , without serious developments we wont reach mars as exciting an idea it is we 'd have to be able to launch the equilevant of the mass of the entire international space station at once into space to even start about planning it . 
  ( it took us 33 seperate rockets to put together the iss excluding supplies ) so unless we really get serious about developing new rocketengines it simply will not happen in our lifetimes, 
   n't it be amazing if the first people on mars were not from a country but from the whole world . 
  then it would not be a big dick contest they could , but the challanges of going a manned mission to mars are huge , if not one step bigger . 
  the sheer tonnage , to only sent up the food oxygen and water neccesary for a 24 month trip is so much we would n't be able to carry it on our biggest rocket now . 
  and this is excluding any of the spaceships that should go along . 
  mars has more of an atmosphere then the moon and there is alot more speed required to break mars ' gravitational pull then the moons , and if you break the moons gravitational pull you automatically orbit the earth , if you break mars ' youll orbit the sun . 
  i could go on and on and on about the huge challanges were gon na have to face before a government entity is willing to send people up ( this means atleast a 80 % succes chance or so ) but none can explain better why we wo n't reach mars in our lifetimes unless spaceagency 's get considerably more funding then this guy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fturu0u5kjo, 
  welcome to the real world,
