  im not saying that the ukrainian people do not want this but frankly i do n't care , we should never have put them in this position that they had to choose for us while we were not ready to back them a 100 % . 
  because of the ignorance of the foreign policy of the eu ukraine is in a hybrid war , not 1 member of the shitty commission considered russian reaction or anything like it . 
  and now they did we were not ready to back them up . 
  and like obama said a few weeks ago , we could go all in ukraine now . 
  but russia is gon na maintain escalatory dominance there . . and then the question is , what is the price for ukraine ? 
  a war were gon na lose ? 
  over a treaty that was not even considered by 1 % of the union , hell i 'd be damned if 1 % of the whole union knew what this agreement caused and what it is . 
  now the counter argument of this is that i 'm somehow playing this over the backs of ukrainians , no i am absolutely not . 
  this is just another expansion , ever eastwards . . and frankly it wo n't give us anything apart from a money hole to sink cash in and will push lower educated folks at home out of a job . 
  an operator could not bypass this all in control room ? 
  see , thats my college level physics ... 
  the question is ... is this control rod fail safe ? 
  meaning were i to cut off the water , would these control rods insert without any further orders ? 
  like a mechanical failsafe ? 
  i sure hope they do ... 
  no thats certaintly true but at some point youre having 1000 of these guys , were you know they sympathyse with terrorists , they might be terrorist . 
  but you 've got jack shit to lock them up . 
  then its a matter of capacity , how much time are you gon na allow intelligence services to figure out how deep he is in ? 
  because a day after that he might . 
  i think its about time people said it : `` having terrorists in your country is and has always been a choice , for political correctness we 've long ignored the problems with a multicultural society '' it certaintly is a choice , weve choosen to import a culture that condones and nurtures it . 
  but we ca n't deport all of them now . . 
  therefore we should have an immmigration stop from all muslim countries and actively adopt demographic changing policies . 
  like if belgium has 10 % muslims that means in public housing in a neighbourhood only 10 % can be muslim . 
  this way we do n't get little ramallah 's all over europe but rather muslims that are forced to assimilate, 
   euh , they did know something was about to happen ... just not when or where . 
  i mean , the fact they found detonators in the house where the 3 guys were staying was pretty much crystal clear about their intentions . 
  the ` bomb ' scenario for a nuclear plant is weak at best . 
  to blow containment buildings off you 'd need almost a kt in explosive power . 
  a worse scenario is them breaking through several areas and managing to get control of the ` controlroom ' ... now anyone with college level physics can create a real chernobyl . 
  how ? 
  make sure the turbine/cooling water steam system is blocked somewhere in the way and blow the control rods to pieces ( which are proton heavy elements which are used to stop a reaction due to the cascading of neutrons not being able to continue with so much protons around . 
  control rods are the things that would not insert that day in chernobyl and in fukushima, 
  they perhaps shared it , but it fell in the category of : not enough proof for shit . 
  gheheh , you got fucked ... as all foreigners do in france in their toll booths . 
  at most your price from toulouse to lille should be about 50 euros , with a 40 tonnes truck . 
  you just got ta tell them the price isnt right . 
  6 people in a touran ? 
  4 is alot for a touran ... 
  russia certaintly is responsible , but do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm just railing against the undemocraticness of the eu . 
  if promises were held about the goals of the eu we never would have offered these agreements in the first place . 
  so now we 've involved ourselves in something which we did n't vote for but just happened without anyones approval . 
  its a failing of eu foreign policy , we shouldnt have ever started this in the first place , but once we did we should have backed them 100 % . 
  and we did neither . 
  your argument your making that we should support a 50 million people indepent nation is the same as mine once we 've got this far in , we should fully support them aswell . 
  but we would have never gotten to this place if the eu held itself to its goals it set out . 
  they got in way over their head and no one in the whole fucking eu told the commisioners what theyr responsible for . 
  it is exactly this , that we are now in a place where saying no would be ` immoral ', 
   the u.s. is pretty far from being a neutral party in all this . 
  obama can only say things as they are beneficial to his administration . 
  sure , but you got ta see the link . 
  association was announced , straight away yanukovich got putin on the phone and putin offered his deal for gas and bridging loans . 
  now the maidan starts because kiev population wants pivot west while russia wants ukraine under their influence . 
  yanukovich gets ousted , great all of the world thought , but now russia lost all of its control and they started on the crimea + in the east . 
  this agreement is the direct cause of a ( civil ) war, 
  agression which started when ukraine pivoted towards us , russians could n't handle that . 
  quote from the obama interview :  `` putin acted in ukraine in response to a client state that was about to slip out of his grasp . 
  and he improvised in a way to hang on to his control there , '' he said . 
  `` he 's done the exact same thing in syria , at enormous cost to the well-being of his own country . 
  and the notion that somehow russia is in a stronger position now , in syria or in ukraine , than they were before they invaded ukraine or before he had to deploy military forces to syria is to fundamentally misunderstand the nature of power in foreign affairs or in the world generally . 
  real power means you can get what you want without having to exert violence . 
  russia was much more powerful when ukraine looked like an independent country but was a kleptocracy that he could pull the strings on . ''  obama 's theory here is simple : ukraine is a core russian interest but not an american one , so russia will always be able to maintain escalatory dominance there . 
   `` the fact is that ukraine , which is a non-nato country , is going to be vulnerable to military domination by russia no matter what we do , '' he said . < as obama says , russia has escalatory dominance whenever it wants and until europe is serious about defending ukraine i do not think for a minute that we should put ukraine in this position if we are not full gon na back them up, 
  it was hugely immoral , but out of self interest . 
  the dutch east indies used to be 4th in the world exporter of oil , its the only reason we tried coming back :p, 
  nothing yet , but erdogan knows europe is like a cute cat ; does alot of miauwing but no action . 
  and erdogan knows this . 
  for fuck sake we 've had merkel talk about their fucking accession while reporters are arrested there everyday . . 
  im not asking for any of this . 
  this is the typical leftist way of laying obstacles but not proposing any solutions themselves . 
  so you rather just let them keep piling on and on and on and not dealing with it ? 
  it may seem fine for the moment now , but eurosceptics and frankly some far right parties are gaining traction , minute by minute , refugee by refugee . 
  we 've basically arrived at a point , that we either deal with the refugees now , or when the next election finishes . 
  and then do n't be surprised if these eurosceptics/migrantsceptics will be a whole lot more cruel . 
  they 've pressured us into the position of giving alot of concessions for them to limit the flow of migrants . 
  there was talk of eu accession and a boat load of other things, 
  see , and for things like this is where the union should be for . 
  none of our countries could solely do this , but if we were to out of the name of the union no one that would argue, 
  i 'd like to think of myself as a kind person aswell . 
  but would n't we be doing them a service ? 
  killing 50 to save 5000 from drowning ? 
  is n't that a humanitarian win in itself ??? 
  i understand more then anything that we 're just dealing with symptons of a disease thats brewing in syria/lybia . 
  whatever we do in regards like this will just move the problem . . 
  personally i think we 're gon na have to be serious about destroying the thing they 've all been fleeing from , otherwise your just drying with the sink running ... 
  it seems that now , one way or another we 're going to ahve to help them . . why would n't we set up safe zones in syria ? 
  international laws have always been bend and ignored at the will of countries . 
  you could even argue that it saves lifes , as some cruel investment . 
  kill 50 to save 5000 from drowning . 
  there are ofcourse other solutions , do not accept a single refugee that has entered through a boat journey , no matter how opressed at home or not . 
  typical leftist and legit argument . 
  you can , whos gon na stop you ? 
  their inability to deal with the impending doom . 
  a friend of mine is with kmar stationed at lesbos as part of the frontex operation . 
  lesbos nowadays is filled with international organazations , hell there are more private ` rescue ' boats then governmental ones . 
  he has spoken to some locals , according to him and those he spoke to lesbos got completely ruined under these international organizations ambitions to rescue everyone and their mother . 
  there are many things the greek state can do to reduce , or even stop the flow immediately . 
  and now you can argue , they ca n't do that , or that would be immoral , or illigal . 
  but if you want to make a change , your actions are gon na have to change . 
  greece should enforce its borders , its as simple as that it starts that way , greece 's capacity at these border regions can be increased atleast a 1000 % .
