   russians looking for media that disagrees with rt and sputnik ; they do n't need voice of america whispering half-truths in their ear . 
  they certaintly have that right , it 's just kinda fucked up , while rt is a definettive source of propoganda , by the same logic you could name most of the us media or western media in general . 
  our propoganda is certaintly different , it is n't in blatantly lied circumstances like russian sources do it . 
  but its more subtle , they choose to be morally outraged about alleppo for example yet there is not nearly 1 % of the time attention for the de facto blockade of yemen and the saudi warcrimes for example last week they bombed a house 3 times , killed over 200 people , second and third bomb was to kill the first responders and aswell . 
  indeed , some news networks did cover this very briefly . 
  but for example as us gov policy , they draw up un resolutions to safe ` civilians ' in aleppo , yet none of this good guy un resolutions come to safe civilians in yemen . 
  okay anyone who knows more about this war will tell you its because we 've allied with the isra\u00ebli / saudi axis in the middle east and were fighting against the russian/iran/hezbollah / syria alliance . 
  but it is not reported that way , it is reported in the sense that we are the good guys helping the wronged people of syria against shitty dictator . 
  but no one calls them on the hypocrisy for allying with sa against yemeni houthis and the countless assad like warcrimes that have been comitted . 
  it 's all a huge decade old power play for dominance in the middle east . 
  this is what really bothers me , i guess its part human nature and part ignorance of people to ally ourselfes with our owns countries interests in name of we are the good guys . 
  but nowadays we have the internet , we 've the ability to see multiple side biased points of view and some unbiased sources . 
  we do no longer have an excuse to be lied into wars atleast , but yet we still do aswell , as 95 % of humanity has no idea what these wars really are about , most would answer its us vs terrorism . 
  this is also a critique against the secret culture ( classification etc ) . 
  no person without a security clearance could actually know the real extent of how fucked up our goverments public vs private positions are, 
  say whatever you want about rt , but they provide a great service to us , particularly middle east. , yes it certaintly is towing the russian geopolitical line but the all western media is definetly aswell , if you were to read western media , you 'd think that russia and syria 's actions caused the cease fire to be broken . 
  if you read al-jazeera , or russian news , or asian sources for that matter you 'd read that america ` accidentaly ' bombed a position in deiz ez ezzor , which is been an syrian base under siege for almost a year now . 
  they killed ~ 100 and wounded many otheres , giving isis opportunity to advance in positions that had been idle for almost a year , giving them sort of a pincer between the syrian lines . 
  russia and syria at this moment said fuck the cease fire if our so called allies ca n't hold themselves to the agreement . 
  the argeement stated that no air power from all sides for the first week , this was blatantly broken by the ` coalition of the willing ' . 
  othert then that the saudi/american/turkey / qatari funded rebels did not hold themselves to the deal either . 
  when western media speaks about ` moderate rebels ' they are fooling you , inside syria there is practically no distinctions between fsa , sdf , al nusra or isil or any of the 30 + other groups , they ' r all equally radical just with different kinds of hates to eachother . 
  for exampled the so ` praised ' fsa beheaded a 5 year old boy that did not belong in the area but was later proven that actually did . 
  other then that the siege of alleppo , the districts captured in the recent days had ww2 outpouring of civilians once the terrorists left , celebrations in the street etc. 
  they are being held hostage by fsa/al nusra inside the city . 
  yet if you were to hear western media it would be titled : russia and syria starve 3 million people to death in aleppo , while they conveniently forget to describe that the fighers controlling the city are literally al quaida . 
  now you actually have the us and the rest of the west pressuring russia to let al quadia convoys leave the city for idlib . 
  see how fucked up its gotten , the us and the west in general are again close with al quada , not directly but they associate themselves with the fsa , which is just a front for al nusra to gather international support and weapons . 
  say what you want about rt , but without both perspectives you can simply not be informed anymore today about this war . 
  you are the very problem of this earth by dismissing them because they toe another geopolitical line . 
  sure let yourselves be lied to into wars like they 've done in the past , but now with the age of the internet you owe it to yourselve and the rest of humanity to make sure you are informed about certain issues so that politician 's will not be able to use blatant lies as cues to get support for the war path . 
  this is the biggest challange of our time , to stop the ignorance what lead us to here . 
  literally all wars are based on deception , like the famous quotes say . 
  heres a link , with historically based lies in history and the actual truth with it . 
  although i do not agree with the assesment of the gulf war in this case . 
  http://www.activistpost.com/2010/12/13-lies-abbreviated-history-of-us.html want an impartial view as possible ? 
  this demonstrates also a problem with modern warfare , any country that can field a carrier is bascially a nuclear country , spain and italy might not be one right now because of their alliance but if this alliance was n't , they surely would have been at this point . . also for example , a f35 might never be tested against an on par enemy ( techwise ) since any country that can build a plane like that could field nuclear weapons , even if they did n't have them yet , they could transform industry and get them in weeks/months, 
  exactly and contrary what alot of people think at the moment an actual war starts with a proper enemy all carriers would be sunk in the first hour , anti ship missiles are a 10000 degree cheaper then a carrier , and believe me 10000 will sink a carrier . 
  the newest ones go mach 6 and wont even be detected by their escorts before its too late, 
  yes , being under command of an eu battlegroup . . 
  they 've never seen action . 
  under the european mission to fight pirates near somalia our commanders on ship had to usurp back on 5 different occasions because there was no one willing to give permission to do certain actions , like the german tanker they freed, 
  no , uranium would not run out , simply because its everywhere , in every rock . 
  sure there are formations of rock that have higher yields , but its basically in everything . 
  it 's how we date fossils , the earth , and anything that needs dating , we basically look at the radioactivity the uranium still has and then calculate back their halflifes, 
  yeah well , i suppose it is difficult when your yearly loan is something like ( 5000 $ ?? ), 
  and all of a sudden you have a piece of gear thats worth 100k-200k, 
  sure , it is definetly totally your disicion and that of the hungarian people . 
  but do not be suprised when the countries that do take refugees all of a sudden stop investing in the eu , as for our perspective its like this . 
  you guys only want the benefits and none of the costs from the eu . 
  so we will likely adopt the same kind of attitude , lets stop the billions each year to the poorer countries and let them fend for themselves , since that 's exactly the stance you 've given us now the first time there is an actual challange in europe . 
  do n't be surprised a plug gets pulled all of a sudden when on first challange hungarians decide they do n't wan na participate . 
  whats the reason germany netherlands or any other country that does take refugee 's would be interested then still in paying the eu budget , as our partners are clearly not as much of a partners as they pretend to be . 
  i mean , ofcourse you do n't want refugees , who does ? 
  thats kinda the point of it right ? 
  germany sure as hell do n't ` want ' them , neither does my country . 
  hell neither does sweden for that matter , but they are just a reality at the moment . 
  but do not be surprised when the nations that do take them and are forced now to take a larger amount to just stand by . 
  and the argument that ive often heard is this : but they do n't want to stay here . 
  true that is certaintly true , they might rather want to go to richer countries , but until we as a union set up a system that prevents them from picking and choosing theyll keep coming to the richer countries . 
  and do n't be surprised then when all of a sudden the richer countries say : `` the refugees cost us 12 billion a year , eu costs us 14 billion a year , youknow what seeing as our european partners do n't want to take any lets simply deduct the budget , now all of a sudden the eu budget is 12 billion less a year . 
  and if 5 countries take this stance your ` development ' money is basically dead . 
  in a perfect world , we 'd spread them evenly and proportionally to amount of people and amount of wealth in each country . 
  no one wants these refugees , we 'd all wan na stop them coming and send them back as soon as its safe . 
  but on the other hand , were way too ` politically correct ' here , in reality they ' r invading borders because we 're not stopping them because we ca n't hurt the oh so poor refugees . 
  but effectively our policy is killing more people then it should . 
  because we rescue people out of the sea ever more closer to libyan coast for example well just create a pulling effect because they ' r getting taken onboard anyway . 
  give 1 naval captain with not even many assets criminal immunity , and let him act as a sovereign . 
  give him the right to use lethal force to defend territorial waters if need be , and you will literally save lives in the long run by killing ` some ' in the short run . 
  we would literally have done this kind of thing in the past 5000 years , i mean only until this century of political correctnes are we even close to accepting this , there would n't even be a question about what would have happened 50 years ago . 
  the refugee treaties simply do n't allow for anything and have tied our hands 112837 times , and what i found even more astonishing is still adhering to these bloody treaties when they were clearly designed for something else not of these magnitudes . 
  not even one country in our union until this point has been willing to take the heat and outrage the media will undoubtely throw that countries way for turning back these boats under threat of force, 
  indeed , and the 3 fte they get ? 
  yes and some pretty advanced cram radars . 
  which basically track incoming shells bullets and rockets and trace their path back to a 10m2 spot somehwere , great for counter battery fire . 
  they already gave this kindoff stuff 2 years ago . 
  when they got overrun in debaltseve the rebels captured one of these systems aswell . 
  in ways yes , the idea is fundementally flawed without a common fiscal policy . 
  because without rules on what you can spend one countries populist politicians can bring us in this mess we have now , where we choose austerity over investments just because we do n't trust the goverments who ahvent made sound fiscal decisions in the last 10 years to do it all of a sudden now . 
  the ignorance of the southern countries in this is astonishing . 
  they really do n't understand fundemental economics . 
  the only reason they actually could borrow money if we were to give up on austerity is because of the financial soundness of the northern european countries backing up european countries as safe investments . 
  the only reason they could get themselves in this mess with these high debts is the same . 
  no one would have borrowed them at the rates theyve been getting for the last 20 years had they not been backed by a relatively solid currency . 
  here in northern europe we cut significantly in goverment spending after the crisis , we cut our debt by about 45 % , we have less money for healthcare , police , defence , and a million of other small things . 
  perhaps its just culture difference , we ` northerners ' like to have a good credit rating that investors find attractive . 
  austerity is just a product of shitty borrowing/spending strategies by the southern goverments . 
  how can you expect us northerners to agree to huge public investments when debt to gdp ratios are as high as 200-300 % in some cases ? 
  it 's this borrowing what got them there in the first place . 
  how can you expect we trust you when youve got yourselves in this mess first , it would be unfair to all the financially struck countries who made costly reforms , or to those just financially sound . 
  perhaps we all had the wrong ideas of what this currency union was in the first place , we northerners wanted what we always had , a good credit rating etc. 
  perhaps southerners would like some devaluation , to give their industries a better edge , but eu-eu commerce would n't make a difference since we would still have the same currency . 
  and i always hate seeing the argument that germans ruined europe because they make everything now and industries have left here : it 's a free market , if you wan na build stuff again build it cheaper or better for the same price . 
  germany is real good at this stuff , theyve given alot of europe a clobbering in the free market , setting up huge industries of scale to get the prices lower etc. 
  germans just have this huge work ethic , stereotypes are often true and certaintly in this case . 
  but do n't blame them for your own countries shortcomings, 
  they were revolutionary at their time , once they got the factories rolling after the war they were pooping them out at astronomical rates . . 
  revolutionary in that every guy you know could suddenly own a car and afford it , or atleast 60 % of the population . 
  hence the name , volkswagen , peopleswagon, 
  in this thread : british people argueing we need them as much as they need us , .
