  they are still financially insolvent , yet are asking for haircuts or restructuring or even full forgiveness without having taken care of the underlying causes of their financial troubles . 
  i know the discussion on this sub is pretty much austerity does not work and will doom greece but it 's the only choice available . 
  what do you expect the sound financial countries to do when their ` partner ' solely got in the eurozone by cooking their books , but youknow we can deal with that . 
  things we can not deal with is still not having made the structural reforms neccesary to deal with their debts . 
  in holland when the crisis hit we cut pretty much all sectors ; healthcare , pensions , later age of retirement to deal with the at that point current crisis . 
  i just think its immoral and even extremely arrogant of greece to ask for the lifting of austerity since on their own no private lender would even lend greece a single cent at this point ( after almost 7 plus years of crisis ) , the only reason greece is still reasonably afloat is because the cash infusions of the north . 
  perhaps at this point if greece had made the structural reforms neccesary debt forgiveness would be an option or an end to austerity . 
  but untill such reforms are made it 's extremely immoral for them to keep asking the rest of the eurozone to pay for their extreme benefit packages . 
  perhaps its about time varoufakis convinced his government friends that they should finally implement reforms , or well be back were we were 2 years ago and 1 year ago , although as this is being an election year i doubt that greece will be able to get bailed out this year . 
  it is the only option , but not really through choice , most of the countries that are buying the f 35 are countries that fall under nuclear nato sharing and frankly need it if they want to remain a nuclear sharing partner as the americans are slowly removing backwards capability on these bombs , it 's sort of a genius way of blackmailing countries into buying their product . 
   tsipiras only acts as their puppet . 
  until greeks want to leave the eu he has no choice . 
  fun fact , the only reason they even could get into further debt is the richer euro countries backing the euro up , without it greece would n't be lent a single cent and 'd be forced into austerity . 
  fun fact : someone would have to pay to stop with austerity , but as long as greece is in the euro it will have to follow the rules . 
  another fun fact : without the richer countries backing the euro greece would not be lent a single cent by any private investor, 
  we have a ritual were we torture the mother after childbirth , and sometimes this results in death . 
  this is problably the reason for the high mom deaths . 
   in the short term there would probably be more deaths . 
  in the long term there would be fewer . 
  oh definetely without a doubt . 
  put me under command of 2 naval vessels and grant me and my crew criminal immunity and ill solve the refugee problem within 1 week . 
  in fact i guarantee theyll be more afraid of coming then staying where they are . 
  i also guarantee less then 1000 deaths , which would buy itself back in ~ 6 months time with the deaths at sea . 
  so rather 1000 deaths now or 2x 1000 or 3x1000 as time goes on ??? 
  tick tock tick tock, 
  i 'd rather have the germans in charge of equipment, 
  because its french guyane , alot of the worlds marines train in the guyanes . 
  the french or rather their colonial regiments are extreme jungle experts . 
  they cite security concerns , would more instances like these have been happening in the last week ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87wo6xahorw libyan coastguards approach changed after they were in france for that meeting . . 
  i wonder what was agreed there ? 
  yeah for bigger transactions , for small bags of dope of anykind its 90 % cash, 
  so de facto you 've given up on the anonimity that was a given , now all of your data will be gathered and stored . 
  in 10 years time there 'll be some code like for example the fbi does to profile serial killers ( sort of like criminal minds series ) and they 'll be able to compile a complete profile of you , analyse every swipe , click you 've ever made . 
  hitlers and stalins wildest dreams would n't have gone this far , you 've given the next dictator ultimate power over you . 
   sure , you wo n't mind someone knowing that you bought some apples at the local supermarket last saturday morning , but you might want to keep other things private ... 
  same argument could be used against free speech . 
  you 've got nothing to say anyway , so why should it be protected ? 
   credit cards and it works beautifully for a tourist scam as well . 
  the danish credit card and mobile pay is if not directly free , it is dirt cheap . 
  for any other type of card they can legally add several percents to the bill . 
  very few people in my country have a credit card , in 2011 33 % of germans had a credit card . 
  it 's likely gone up by a few % but not by much . 
  making a cash free society is likely to crash your tourist industry , as no one will bother to confirm to your weird utopia, 
   only inevitable . 
   interesting to see if sweden or denmark will be the first . 
  some stores in denmark can already refuse to accept cash and mobile pay plus the danish credit card sits so heavily on the everyday purchases market it resembles a monopoly squeezing out physical money . 
  ridiculous though , how would german tourists pay for stuff ? 
  or any other tourists ? 
  bullshit , there will always be cash , or economies will revert back to trading goods . 
  as long as certain things will be illegal there will be a black market , and as long as there is a black market there will be cash, 
  dutch empire best empire , wts nutmeg, 
  im just saying that the noiton that help could have saved these dudes , they were stuck in a compartment in the back of the ship , with 5 or more flooded compartments before they could be reached , even if they got there in time with them alive they could n't have saved them short of getting the ship above water . 
  in the compartment they were held up was an escape hatch , according to the captains note 's 3 sailors tried using it and they failed . 
  norwegian and russian divers found the escape hatch/airlock flooded and damaged . 
  it was sad but nothing could be done in a fast enough amount of time, 
   24 guys managed to survive the initial exploding and flooding and managed to hole themselves up at the stern compartment . 
  the noiton that they simply disregarded help is false . 
  the us would n't accept rescue from a foreign adverserie that the ship was designed to fight either , even at the cost of 24 men, 
  the notion in this thread that because they did n't accept help they all died is simply false . 
  im afraid no help could have come fast enough for these guys , only 24 guys managed to survive the initial exploding and flooding and managed to hole themselves up at the stern compartment . 
  i would challange everyone to think of a reasonable way to extract 24 people within at most a day without a way to airlock them out one by one, 
  problem is european invest & debt laws , not so much the investors . 
  its the owners or the companies that can not take these offers that are given . 
  as they themselves would ultimately be liable where the whole shit to collapse . 
   many legal experts are sure that they would be against the german constitution and even worse the paragraph which is blocking it , is protected by the `` eternity clause '' and germany would need a completely new constitution . 
  good luck with that , too . 
  you are right , north would never accept without concession of control to get their economies up to aaa status , and these economies would never accept giving up control . 
  and even if all these things happened then each country still has a veto and germany is n't very fond of changing their constitution, 
  yea right , go back to your leftist utopia where all the richer countries pay for poor spending decisions, 
  think many aaa countries would rather pull out then subsidize others countries poor spending decisions . 
  whats the point of having to pay more interest on loans without getting actual control over these countries with shitty credit ratings, 
  de facto the relative rate for aaa countries would increase , while decrease for all the lower rated countries . 
   a disaster waiting to happen and would only incentive disastrous debt-expanding economic policies since the resulting debt increase would be an eu-wise problem instead of a national one . 
  what less competitive eu states need to do is creating a favorable environment for investment and business development by decreasing fiscal pressure on individuals and corporations and overall dismantling of the tax hell that countries like spain have . 
  spain would be a liability in this pool to the aaa countries , you 'd increase the price of capital, 
  it all boils down to credit ratings , countries with aaa are unlikely to join a group with countries that do n't , simply because their liquidity becomes more expensive . 
  it 'd get cheaper though for those that do n't have triple a but there is literally nothing to gain for aaa countries to join up with anything lower then that, 
  yes this is very true , and it all comes back to this fundamental thing again which is : a common currency does not work without common fiscal policies . 
  it does n't in theory and it does n't in practice . 
  however there has been so much politcal capital spent in the euro that leaving it or discussing the flaws in it 's design have become de facto unthinkable . 
  because pm 's and presidents know how flawed it is , but ca n't actually force the change ( try telling the germans for example as merkel that to fix the fundamental issues theyr gon na have to guarantee the less financialy sound countries with either shared bonds , or even worse in many minds a real eurozone budget ( defacto establishing the european state and giving up sovereignity ) . 
  so politicians ca n't solve these problems under this system so what they 'll keep doing is extend and pretend in the hope that the future might be kinder on them , the same thing happens with greece . 
  de facto they defaulted , but european rules say that what we did to save them was illigal , yet it was done anyway because actually letting them default would expose the flaw of its design . 
  so were still gon na extend and pretend , likely for the next 50 odd years before well see any real progress . 
   there are indeed no restirctions if a certain amount of countries want to bond together and issue bonds together , but they can not do so in the name of the eurozone , as that would require all eurozone members to agree to a treaty change at the very least . 
  it 's very unlikely aaa countries would join spain in such a venture , as there would be nothing to gain for these countries , only to loose . 
  their collective rating would get worse and spain 's would get better , meaning more expensive liquidity for aaa 's and cheaper liquidity for those that do n't have aaa . 
  from wiki : on 28 november 2011 , german newspaper die welt reported that germany , france and four other aaa-rated eu members may issue common `` elite bonds '' ( or `` triple a bonds '' ) in a bid to raise more money at low interest rates for themselves and , under strict conditions , to help also indebted euro region members . 
  [ 23 ] austria , finland , luxembourg and the netherlands are said to be part of the plan aimed at stabilising the top-rated countries and calming financial markets . 
  common bonds of the six countries are expected to have an interest rate of 2 percent to 2.5 percent . 
  [ 24 ] if this ever were to happen , it is much more likely that it would with countries with similar fiscal policies , for exmaple if these countries were to bond together and do this they 'd get better rates , while when lower then aaa would join the rates would get worse . 
  there are indeed no restirctions if a certain amount of countries want to bond together and issue bonds together , but they can not do so in the name of the eurozone , as that would require all eurozone members to agree to a treaty change at the very least . 
  article 125 of the lisbon treaty states explicitly that the european union and its member states are not liable for the commitments of other members . 
  per this article bonds can not be forced on to others , so it could only be done by a treaty change , which is not done by qmv but everyone gets a veto . 
  indeed europhiles on this sub seem to forget europe is such by design , slow gradual change . 
  changing that will inevitably lead to conflict , as its very likely 20 % to 70 % on any given issue might disagree . 
  not in context of the eurozone , every euro member will have a veto on this, 
  do n't worry , there 's atleast 5 countries that would veto this, 
  they could use the very same reasoning as they do for the buk systems , the jets are just on holiday .
