  perhaps even closer then to the eu . 
  as shown by actions , after 8 years of crisis still no tax agency ... . ; . . 
  yea me to . . 
  but waw 15k for a house , the cheapest i would find is about 130k here for a very very small one . 
   s $ 15000 if yo seriously ?? 
  time to invest . 
   i wont tell you that i hope you suffer as much as we do because i am good person.at least dont be so idiot.we are speaking for 11 million people here . 
  so now i am an idiot again , for asking what you guys would do different ? 
  it is all of our money , that is the problem as much mine as yours . 
  thing still is , you guys borrowed way to much , and now have to deal with the interest + return . 
  and yet sitll comments like yours that have no other thing then basically : greece angel bad austerity bad ez and i dont have a tv . 
   however , due to the austerity measures , the businesses that can produce exportable goods have to pay heavy taxes . 
  in order for them to survive and make a profit , they either under-report their profits by not issuing receipts at all transactions ( meaning they ca n't export ) or they increase the price of goods . 
  as an end result , the goods are non-competitive in outside markets and therefore , there is no way for them , or the country , to make a profit to pay back the loan . 
   this brings back to the problem of the eurozone , no single entity is able to force any monetary policies on a country . 
  thus perhaps its better greece leaves if they ca n't figure out their monetary policy , a meager 8 years after they were told to adapt reforms . 
  what else you 'd like us to do ? 
  give you mor money ?? 
  now give me something reasonable if austerity is not your solvent , what is ? 
  sorry to say but you really should have thought of that when electing your governments years before . . been living on a credit card for decades , but when the credit rating goes down ofcourse youre gon na have hardships . . and really i hate for you guys to be stuck in it , but how you guys got here is what really wow 's me . 
  electing governments that have financial skills of a 6 year old might had something to do with it , or either you were misinformed on their policies and then perhaps blame is partly on the press in your country or the electorate . 
  but really , you say here is the impact of austerity and this is what we need eh ? 
  : what do you expect the rest of europe to do ?? 
  imagine this i am collectively europe and you are greece . 
  ok so you have been having some money problems for a time now , i have been loaning you alot of money for a while now and its about to go bust ( 2008 ) our group of friends sit at the table and look at the numbers . 
  what we see is that you have been spending more then you get in , we say ok we do n't wan na let you hunger we give you cash on the basis that you start watching your cash . 
  you ca n't really expect me in this situation to just keep loaning you money , like never anything happened because without these rules you apparently could n't budget your money otherwise you would n't have this problem . 
  back to real world . 
  now austerity started , forced you guys to lend alot less money . 
  so your gdp went down , which everyone knew in 2008 . 
  thats why we asked for reforms in your public spending ( less spend , more tax ) now i do n't know whether you guys did it , but apparently not because once again 2015 europe has to save greece . 
  and really it would be ridicolous if we would n't collectively demand huge reforms from greece , because past has shown without it were back to suare 1 . 
  now it seems to me , this could have been avoided 2 ways in the first place : better monetary policies or own currency ( which by itself would have made your crisis impossible in the first place because no one would have ever borrowed you that much ) . 
  and then the democratic mandate bullshit , i mean i understand syriza made it easy to vote for them with their nice talk about debt cuts and renegotiations , but it is not reasonable to expect the rest of europe to just keep giving cash because your government has a mandate for it . 
  what i think syriza is doing is very wrong , putting the gun on the eurozone 's head and saying give us bailout cash or i shoot . 
  austerity is right what greece needs ( and proper reform ) , we got in this crisis by greece spending more then they had . 
  in response for us to bail them out , we wanted them to adopt some sensible monetary policies thus austerity , yet greeces government failed to adopt enough reforms for austerity ( austerity means govenment spending less money ) . 
  they simply do n't have enough money to pay everything + loans back . 
  a sensible financial person would solve this by spending less . 
  maybe you guys will have to cut in to the pensions ... 
  i mean i sure as hell am not gon na pay for your pensions . 
  maybe your pensions were to high to begin with , knowing you guys were raking up debt at unsustainable speed . 
  i mean just accept the cards you 've dealt yourself and start spending less then you can . 
  and then the democratic mandate . 
  if your gon na use stupid arguments then let me aswell : ' i have a democratic mandate to get my own debt cut , elected to office bymyself thus incharge of my financial situation and i have a mandate to get a cut aswell , would love to lose my mortgage of 310000 euros . 
  i mean a debt cut ? 
  the netherlands would sure like one aswell somewhat in the region of half a trillion would be okay . 
  tldr : if you want to live with 3 apples and only have 2 youre gon na have to change something . 
  29035 feet is the top of the mount everest . 
  i do n't know what his cruising altitude was but if he didnt go much higher then 31000 it would be pretty survivable if properly clothed for cold , altough an unfit person might not make it . 
  but hey , some people can literally hold their breaths underwater for 5 minutes , surely a person like this could survive on terrible conditions with low oxygen/pressure . 
  same way conventional wo n't happen as fear for mad . 
  but really , im uite serious people overestimate carrier strike groups ability to fight off anything that goes faster then 1 mach is severely limited , specially at mach 10 , a carrier is nothing more then a floating airfield which reuires less then 2500 pounds of tnt to sink . 
  we 've gotten used in our lifes to fighting an uneuipped unfunded military , heck i mean the last real war that was n't all set in stone before it started was korea . 
  i just want to say , we 've gotten so used to superior tech . 
  which in the case of fighting russians or chinese will be a whole lot different . 
  but then again we wont fight a country with nuclear weapons ever ( so neither will we a country that can nurture these kind of missiles as theyr alot more difficult then a bomb ), 
  watch me get downvoted for telling the truth : '' really guys ?? 
  ? , in a real war naval vessels except submarines would all be destroyed in the first hour . . russia and china are heavily investing in anti ship missiles which are uninterceptable at mach 10 . 
  a carrier price vs missile price means that even if carrier strike group manages the impossible , shooting something out of the air at 10 times the speed of sound . 
  china/russia have something like 1400 of these missiles for the price the us has one carrier . 
  that shows the problems of the us , like their ` law ' which says they need atleast 11 carriers . 
  the us military is a bit like socialism , they ca n't stop paying in to it because jobs . 
  now i see the point and fun of this debating but in the end its just pointless . 
  we wont ever get in a conventional war with them cause mad still works the same as 30 years ago . 
  and even if we get into debating conventional war , for the speed and amount of missiles the russians make we will soon all be bound to our own continents . 
  might aswell talk about dora suckin me off , its about as likely to happen as any of those wars . 
  brilliant way to get them out of your truck for sure :p, 
  i really wonder how long are we gon na let this go on ??????????? 
  im proposing a fairly simple solution which would n't even cost more then we are spending now , even less . 
  give me command of the atm immigration assistance naval vessels patrolling the seas , and perhaps criminal immunity . 
  i will promise you after 14 days atleast a 85 % reduction in crossing attempts . 
  agree but get ready for mouth police they dont like dissent, 
  https://www.google.nl/maps/@51.441806,6.010562,3a,58.9y,350.97h,81.08t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1szts8g3cdxphd_s2ukuoj9q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 they are all housed in mobile homes and fed by the employer , every greenhouse around here has mobile homes around them . 
  yea that it is in line with eu regulations is the problem . 
  i could hire a polish ( just example no shitting on ) company gardner to do my shit for 500 , instead the 2000 i 'd pay at home for a dutch gardner which is really nice for me as a customer a 1500 save , but for the dutch gardner even if he wanted to he ca n't go as low as his competitors because by law he has to pay minimum wage to a dutch employee . 
  and then you have these greenhouses which hire a polish company to send workers , which get payed through poland thus are not by law reuired to get dutch loans . 
  then economic theory takes over and wages as a whole drop in the sector . 
  leaving greenhouse owners only to hire immigrants or be out competited by the next company . 
  and this is happening as a whole on the lower skilled job market . 
  vos : a huge dutch transporter nowadays has a polish company incorporated and something like 75 % of their work is being done by immigrants , same for wolter koops , while in the 90 's vos was at least 99 % dutch and wolter koops more like 50 % dutch 50 % german . 
  this is putting alot of older people ( underschooled ) around 50-60 out of work , as they are the most expensive . 
  just look at the unemployment rates in north/west europe for the 45 and older club . 
  i feel that if this is not properly adressed and continues at this rate it might crash the whole european project . . whats next ? 
  the bigger companies setting up liittle shops in all the countries to hire workers from there and ship them west/north ?? 
  and now to stat competitive , countries will start a minimum wage hike to the bottom or what ... 
  i do think some sensible legislation needs to be put in place to stop it , before it stopts itself, 
  ofcourse it will . 
  if a bulgarian now wants to work hes conform to our loan laws . 
  the minute schengen arrives well be hiring bulgarian companies instead , which are not subject to our loan laws , thus undercutting prices . 
  and sure see , i didnt even know theyr already in their countries of desire ( or not ) , who knows ?? 
  why would they already be ?? 
  and if that is true ... then romania and bulgaria still have the perception problem , because we think theyr not allowed now and would be later , thus we veto , vicsious circle . 
   ho is rejecting romania and bulgaria to join schengen ? 
  is it france ? 
  i think they will keep on rejecting you to be honest . 
  last time finland , holland and germany with reasons like : '' bulgaria and romania still have to be more decisive in the fight against corruption . 
  those who acquire a visa through bribery could travel all the way to germany without further controls '' . 
  but really , its more like we do n't want to expierience the same thing as in 2004-2007 with poland , in the area i live . 
  90 % of local jobs are done by polish ( talking about greenhouse jobs ) .
