  you 're simply gon na have to enforce borders by force , it starts simple : a few shots 50meters infront of their boat then you continue with a megaphone telling them that continueing will be their death ; and you 're gon na have to follow up on this threat a few times , it 's impossible not to . 
  we can have leftists arguments all day and night but if you really want to solve this problem youre gon na have to stop them entering by force . 
  word of mouth spreads insanely fast with these refugee facebookpages etc , do this on 5 boats , 3 days in a row and youll have them fear us more then turkey . 
  and now we can have all the leftist argument about morality and helping them like you want . 
  but our inaction and weakness is exactly the reason turkey is extorting so much money , because he knows were to weak to send these people back . 
  we can argue all we want about it , but the fact of the matter is our governments have decided to rather let the flow kill us then to stop it . 
  greece has had months to change their policy , they did not and are now dealing with the aftermath ... 
  reminds me of their debtproblems . 
  it is in ways very realisticaly that the commission and perhaps the union as a whole will make it not attractive for others looking to join britains path . 
  you can likely assume that they 'll make it as hard as possible for britain to join the european market , or create some tarriff systems . 
  simply to deter other countries from going the same road . 
  the question is wethers britains ` soft power ' or any power of any kind can convince the leading coalitions of the union that giving them access is benefial in the long run , believe me it might get pretty unfriendly or hostile as its european leaders job to keep the rest together , and what would work better then a example that tried but thousands of obstacles got imposed and all of a sudden it might look a lot less attractive . 
  thus giving pro euro parties ammo in elections and eurosceptics something to deal with . 
  the question with this is , is our ` friendship ' purely a friendship or more of an ` interest ' ... 
  you could call it ignorant , but only the change of scenery everytime you go past the old wall speaks bookparts and straight away give the eastern europe feel to it . 
  yes this is obvious ofcourse , but gadaffi was not about to take libya off oil money dollars , it was about to take the muslim world to a gold based currency . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_gold_dinar . 
  this would be a big fuck to the western led banking system , actively making our currency useless vs oil . 
  so in practice what this would do is put all the leverage/pricing / in their hands and more importantly reduce the power of our banking systems in effect were giving them ` paper ' like a coupon for oil . 
  they wanted us instead to give gold for oil thus making gold the primary ` coupon ' in the world . 
  as for iran 's reasons to go to the euro ... 
  they have several . 
  they announced buying billions of stuff in euros . 
  airbus and the whole shebang . 
  for them it is a whole lot better to straight away get ` euro papers ' in exchange for stuff they effectively pump out of the ground for chump change . 
  the leverage a defacto currency creates is huge , the us has had this advantage for decades . 
  theyr effectively giving away paper for oil , which is gon na get back anyway for domestic use because oil states now have dollars and to have to use these they either have to buy of american companies or trade for other currencies , which then in effect the traders again use it to buy stuff from american companies . 
  do you slowly start to see the power it has if everyone in the world uses your paper to buy a neccesary commodity in the world ? 
  effectively your forcing your money in the hands of the world , which them forces them to give it back one way or the other / . 
  armchair general , read doctrine documents and come back . 
  quite alot . 
  you might think of me as a conspiracy theorist , but last 2 times a country decided that he would cease using us dollars for the sale of oil both times they got invaded . 
  saddam 2003 . 
  gadhaffi 's gold money . 
  sure , there were some humanitarian reasons for invading involved aswell , but the most important reasons were keeping the us dollar stable in the world and in doing such the world economy . 
  the best coin is the most valueable coin . 
  question is wether europe will stand up to america 's considerable opposition . 
  the cold war basically meant whole squadrons of b 52 's flying around russia 's northern borders , russia does the same back . 
  nope , but nato has alot more weight behind it . 
  for any western european country or the us to do nothing if a nato country were to be on siege would mean the end of nato and as such the end of our 1 % defence budgets . 
  to do nothing if say poland was invaded is the same as doing nothing if amsterdam/paris were to be invaded . 
  this would lead to major rearnament in european countries and lots of nuclear weapon development . 
  so with the us boner for npt and our boner for cheap military . 
  we 'd simply have no choice to treat your soil as our soil or the very fabric of peace in europe is under threat . 
  i do n't know what you 've heard but why do n't you guys participate in it then ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lpdmxnbkiu build a ship capable of joining the network ? 
  your not one bit reliant on the us to be a part of this network . 
  and with nato 's fleet in the baltic nowadays your well under the shield . 
  i on one hand can understand your fear from the east . 
  but be a realist , your in nato now . 
  the world would go to the brink of destruction and beyond for your territorial integrity . 
  safe your bullshitting for somewhere else . 
  if we really want less refugees in europe , lets treat those trying to cross as : unknown individuals illegaly trying to enter europe . 
  there is only 1 answer to that . 
  we can say blah blah morality blah blah , but this is exactly our weakness , we rather let 1 million walk free on our continent then shoot up 15 boats . 
  migrants know this aswell , they use our morality against ourselfes . 
  is it seriously so hard ? 
  the price is either in 10 grand a refugee , or less then 5 million euros to stop the whole migration . 
  hell declare emergency in greek waters and declare any boats approaching shores are targets . 
  hell if no one wants to do it put me in charge of a naval destroyer with criminal immunity , ill stop the stream immediately , you just make sure you keep a few alive to drop them off the turkish coast to make sure they share their fears . 
  organize a huge airdrop in pampfphlets in western turkey 's shore citys and villages . 
  tell them europe is full and any boat attempting to enter europe will be targeted . 
  if you follow up on this threat with 4 or 5 boats , do some uploads on the internet and youll have solved the refugee crisis . 
  you can whine morality all you want , but killing perhaps 50 will save atleast 50 a day who are drowning . 
  see it as an investment , you kill 50 to keep alive 10000, 
  you are part of the problem if you did not report it to the police . 
  i think we should strive for it , but not while hitting ourselves in the foot ... 
  there will always be 1 country that wo n't be told by ` international shit ' to change their tax policy , so that might aswell be us . 
  till the day theres a deal to unify tax policies around the world we should continue our path which were going . 
  might be asshole style but if we do n't there is atleast 10 other countries that will . 
  better that this money goes through or is in our banks then none of the above . 
  unless we get to set tax policy of other countries we wont be changing ours . 
  all your points are very true , but this is the thing that the eu is created for . 
  to tackle points we ca n't do on our own . 
  marroco and algeria know , that apart from our crying we 've got little to show for it and perhaps abuse our ` values ' against us, 
  airdrop them out a c130 above their respective countries , call their bluff then . 
  shoot it down if you care so much about it . 
  then if they actually do that you retaliate with the wrath of god , destroying all known government facilities , bases , material and specially put a few bunker busters through their presidential palaces . 
  you do this with 1 country , and every other country in the world will recognize their citizens as their own and 'll beg to take them back . 
  you have no clue what you 're speaking about , sun yee on , 14k and the tai huen chai is bigger then ever , they are running millions of heroin to america a day . 
  albanian mob is bigger then ever ( although they solely trade in people it seems ) and then you have the russian/eastern mob , they usely solely deal in humans and heroin smuggling from afghanistan , they are also friendly with the chinese triad as that is their contact for america . 
  and then we have small groups of israeli , turkish , serbian and our own bikergangs . 
  then there are a whole lot of columbians/mexicans ( the trigger happy guys thats been terrorising adam ) and carribean/suriname based crime groups . 
  all these deaths and executions we 've been having in the last few years are all traceable to 1 cause : a new player in town . 
  before 2008ish the drug/crime scene was living in relative harmony before these south american hotheads looking for turf came in guns blazing . 
  these turf wars will likely continue for a while until the kingpins settle their wars and turf . 
  anyone always whining about the european powers logistical capacity clearly have no idea about logistics , or military for that matter . 
  if your going to have to move large batches of equipment in a really short amount of time ( aka invasion ) your gon na be short on logistics , there is no military on earth at the moment that could have moved proportionally as much as the french did in mali themselves . 
  if the us decided it wanted to invade mali today proportionally as much as the french did and the whole worlds airplanes would not be enough to get their many divisions there . 
  of course it 's not sensible to keep 20-30 + 4 engine strategic lift aircraft around for a european power , america does n't have these problems , as they ` need ' these to supply their hundreds of bases/diplomatic shit . 
  ofcourse nowadays were much more cooperating . . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_air_transport_command there 200 ~ planes available as charter units nowadays . 
  no sensible person would argue for more unless everything you know about the military is from reddit ofcourse . 
  until they legalise just about every activity that brings in solely cash in hand cash sweden wont have a cash free future . 
  i live 2km further then the airport in the flightpath of the ru nway . 
  my dad used to live here from after the second world war . 
  he still has pictures of the cuban missile crisis , there were over 50 nuclear armed planes on the tarmac with pilots in it ready to get the order . 
  if i were ukrainian security services i 'd arrange his assasination . 
  okay , if these ` electric ' cars will be around the same price as i payed for my '98 corolla last year ill get one . 
  you copied talking points from the pentagon ? 
  it carries less bombs + less fuel and is currently priced 151 million euros .
