  which is true and is why i do n't think theyll leave the common market , but one thing everyone clearly seems to be forgetting is that once they leave , they have no more democratic rights in this common market . 
  and you can bet your ass that germans and french and the rest of europe will slowly introduce legislation and regulations that 'd force industries to leave the uk . 
  everyone seems to be under the impression that would n't happen , because were friends . 
  but if you 'd know anything about international politics you 'd know that a country has no friends , it only has interests . 
  and in this case its a british interest to keep blocvking an eu army for various reasons . 
  1 , to keep their role as us foreign policy puppet in a slightly european voice , meaning that us governments have always kept a ' special relationship ' with britain meaning they get a fairly large seat at the table in exchange for being a us voice in europe . 
  now that they 've left or are gon na leave the eu this is their only chance at keeping their international position in soft power etc because without nato their influence in europe would be even more diminished then just leaving eu , which would make them a not so good partner for the us which inturn would diminish their international position . . 
  i mean , what use would the big powers have now for uk at the table ? 
  other then their role in history they 'd have been reduced to a player like canada ( no offense :p ) on the international stage . 
  but really this just shows countries really do not have friends , they only have interests . 
  its a uk interest to have atleast nato as a body of defense and a body for diplomatic influence . 
  eventually when you think about it regarding your position as a global player the eu exit is not a good idea . 
  and i wonder wether british politicians are not in a serious bind over this , in their minds what would they care more about , their international position or the referendum that just happened ? 
  when they leave , eventually an eu armed forces would come , eventaully that would diminish british influence . 
  would you fall of the sword of democracy for your country 's global position for decades and perhaps centuries to come ? 
  or would you just go with the brexit ? 
  in my mind , hearing the news out of london they are still in a bind over this . 
  if you were gon na ignore a democratic result you 'd almost exactly play it like you are now . 
  delay it first and then slowly eventually tell them that you 're not gon na do it because what 's on the table is n't gon na help in the long run . 
  and what would be the repercussions , a ukip pm ? 
  and would he go through with it ? 
  if yes , what would you as a tory pm choose , a definitive democratic grave for yourself and problably lots of your party , or a definitive grave later when everyone figures out the end results ? 
  there is still much to happen but i think they are in a serious bind in number 10 about this . 
  they were part of ig farben , its basically the only ` decent ' sized company of the time that is around . 
  ig farben was a collaboration in germany by the biggest chemical/medicine companies to make a profit . 
  they have made huge contributions but were also major warprofiteers . 
  they were basically hand in hand with the naziregime , working closely in preparation for the invasions which chemical plants should be seized and given to ig farben . 
  they ran their own chemical plants in monowitz ( near auschwitz ) and atleast 30000 died through malnutrition in their camps , some estimate that they stole over 500 million man hours of work without ever giving a cent for it , they did pay some reparations but not nearly in the region of what would be fair , or even unfair . 
  monetary wise they got off great . 
  from wikipedia  ig farben had bought the patent for the pesticide zyklon b , which had been invented by the nobel prize-winning jewish german chemist fritz haber 's research group at the institute for physical chemistry and elektrochemistry in the 1920s , and which was originally used as an insecticide , especially as a fumigant in grain stores . 
  ig farben licensed the pesticide to various companies , including the american cyanamid company for use , for example , in de-lousing incoming mexican immigrants in the 1930s , and to the german company degesch ( deutsche gesellschaft f\u00fcr sch\u00e4dlingsbek\u00e4mpfung ) , founded by fritz haber , and whose products were used in holocaust gas chambers . 
  ig farben owned 42.2 % of the shares of degesch and was represented in its supervisory board . 
  pesticides similar to zyklon b remain in production by other companies , and are used e.g. 
  as insecticides . 
  also from wiki  of the 24 directors of ig farben indicted in the so-called ig farben trial ( 1947 -- 1948 ) before a u.s. military tribunal at the subsequent nuremberg trials , 13 were sentenced to prison terms between one and eight years , but most were quickly released and several became senior industry executives in the post-war companies that split off from ig farben and other companies . 
  basically these criminals were still executives of bayer , post war . 
  from wiki :  during world war ii , ig farben used slave labor in factories that it built adjacent to german concentration camps , notably auschwitz , [ 23 ] and the sub-camps of the mauthausen-gusen concentration camp . 
  [ 24 ] ig farben purchased prisoners for human experimentation of a sleep-inducing drug and later reported that all test subjects died . 
  [ 25 ] [ 26 ] ig farben held a large investment in degesch which produced zyclon b used to gas and kill prisoners during the holocaust . 
  [ 27 ] after world war ii , the allies broke up ig farben and bayer reappeared as an individual business `` inheriting '' many of ig farben 's assets . 
  [ 25 ] fritz ter meer , an ig farben board member from 1926 to 1945 who directed operations at the ig farben plant at auschwitz , was sentenced to seven years in prison during the ig farben military tribunal at nuremberg . 
  he was elected bayer 's supervisory board head in 1956 . and again from wiki :  due to the company 's entanglement with the nazi regime , it was considered by the allies to be too morally corrupt to be allowed to continue to exist . 
  the soviet union seized most of ig farben 's assets located in the soviet occupation zone , as part of their reparation payments . 
  in the western occupation zone , the policy of destroying the company was very quickly abandoned , not least because of the company 's large entanglement with american companies , notably with the successors of standard oil which ig farben was modelled after and which had itself been broken up into several companies . 
  in the late 1940s , ig farben was being rebuilt in the western zones and continuing doing business . 
  in 1951 , the company was split into its original constituent companies . 
  the four largest quickly bought the smaller ones . 
  today agfa , basf and bayer remain , hoechst having in 1999 spun off its chemical business as celanese ag before merging with rh\u00f4ne-poulenc to form aventis , which later merged with sanofi-synth\u00e9labo to form sanofi . 
  two years earlier , another part of hoechst was sold in 1997 to the chemical spin-off of sandoz , the muttenz ( switzerland ) based clariant . 
  the successor companies remain some of the world 's largest chemical and pharmaceutical companies . 
  ig farben was officially put into liquidation in 1952 , this did not end the company 's legal existence . 
  the purpose of the corporation 's continuing existence , being `` in liquidation '' , is to ensure an orderly wind-down of its affairs . 
  as almost all its assets and all its activities had been transferred to the original constituent companies , ig farben was from 1952 largely a shell company with no real activity . 
  in 2001 , ig farben announced it would formally wind up its affairs in 2003 . 
  it has been continually criticised over the years for failing to pay any compensation to the former laborers , the stated reason for its continued existence after 1952 being to administer its claims and pay its debts . 
  the company , in turn , blamed ongoing legal disputes with the former captive labourers as being the reason it could not be legally dissolved and the remaining assets distributed as reparations . 
  [ 42 ] on november 10 , 2003 , its liquidators filed for insolvency , [ 43 ] but again , this does not affect the existence of the company as a legal entity . 
  while it did not join a national compensation fund set up in 2001 to pay the victims , it contributed 500,000 dm ( # 160,000 or $ 255,646 ) towards a foundation for former captive labourers under the nazi regime . 
  the remaining property , worth dm 21 million ( # 6.7 million or $ 10.7 million ) , went to a buyer . 
  [ 44 ] each year , the company 's annual meeting in frankfurt was the site of demonstrations by hundreds of protesters . 
  [ 42 ] its stock ( denominated in reichsmarks ) traded on german markets until the spring of 2012 . 
  as of 2012 , it still exists as a corporation in liquidation . 
  oh yeah , and they first discovered saringas . 
  okay the 100000 % was a metaphor to bring across the huge increase in uses . 
  several sources : http://sitn.hms.harvard.edu/flash/2015/gmos-and-pesticides/ here for example , dow chemical company or how its called this is their petition to the epa to be granted permission to use the new 2,4 d herbicide . 
  they state themselves they expect usage to grow by 7 times . 
  it is how its works in practice , a crop gets picked , it gets decided which herbicide or pesticide its got ta be resistant too and that field would get 5 times doses pre gmo levels . 
  there are whole fields poisoned nowadays by the levels of glyphosate employed by farmers because their crop is resistant to it anyways . 
  nothing will grow there the next 10/20 years except for that engineerd crop . 
  genetically modified organisms ( began being released in the early 1990s , with big promises . 
  the idea put forward was that certain traits , including increased nutrition , resistance to drought and faster growth , could be bred into crops such as corn and soybeans so that improved produce could be grown in much higher yields genetically engineered crops have been with us now for some 20 years , and it is becoming apparent that the reality of gmos has fallen far short of business model expectations . 
  you can argue all you want with your standard corporate position but the reality of gmo 's is a 10 % increase in yield , 10 % less in work costs for the farmer since he does n't have to worry bout weeds or bugs and 100000 % more poisoned soil . 
  anyone argueing the benefit of them either has been fed this corporate bullshit story about the wonderfullness of gmo 's or they 've got their head up their arse . 
  its sort of the same thing as the fracking discussion . 
  corporate position : oh yea its definetely safe to crack open millions of years of rock formations by putting them under insane pressures with all kinds of weird chemicals . 
  oh no , monsanto in name is music to my ears compared to fucking bayer . 
  bayer is literally hitler and worse . 
  yet they still deny any wrong doing and all responsibility . 
   ig farben was the most powerful german corporate cartel in the first half of the 20th century and the single largest profiteer from the second world war . 
  ig ( interessengemeinschaft ) stands for `` association of common interests '' : ig farben included basf , bayer , hoechst , and other german chemical and pharmaceutical companies . 
  an interesting read about them and their misdeeds : http://ahrp.org/auschwitz60-year-anniversary-the-role-of-ig-farben-bayer/ yet today it 's perhaps become impossible not to buy their things , they 've got loads of patents were they got the only real actual medicine or cure for a certain disease/problem . 
  and now today , its gotten even worse . 
  ig farben ironically sold zyklon b to the nazis. , in its time a pesticide for termites . 
  now it has aqquired a company which makes all kinds of pesticides , and a whole load of gmo 's which make it possible to literally flood fields with pesticides . 
  i always find it funny , europeans that are not german always feel the need to sell stories like these . 
  truth is merkel will very likely be reelected in 2017 ; why ? 
  : because shes done a proper job , for germany . 
  the only thing that has even the slightest chance of taking it away for her is the refugeepolicy but it seems germans are not to worried about it , she has better poll numbers then ever , shell last perhaps even 2 more terms . 
  seriuosly , you ought to be more grateful . 
  the only reason at this point your country is able to get more debt is because of the financial backing of germany and the rest of northern europe . 
  20 or 30 years ago investors would have just stopped coming not wanting to take the risk , now you are actually able to even spend more beyond your means but that brings extra responsibility . 
  take this hypothetical = if the rest of europe had the same credit ratings and spending policy then your country did no one would be able to borrow anything anymore and capital would be leaving europe at high speed, 
  ca n't we just not have guns ? . 
  nukes is the only reason the us and ussr did not go to war with one another , the threat that any conventional war would escalate in a nuclear conflict kept them both at bay . 
  simply put nukes reduce war , as even the biggest tyrant has a problem killing everyone on earth and themselves , in conventional terms its alot easier for them to push a million + soldiers onto each other . 
  the world is collectively alot safer nowadays then 80 years ago , and part of the reason is nuclear deterrence , meaning that big nations that can develop their own bomb wo n't go to war against any other of these big nations ( which most of these nations were the real warring parties 100 years ago ) it 's also the reason that north korea will never be invaded , simply because they have a nuclear bomb . 
  same reason most sensible people knew straight away that bush ' wmd claims were bogus , as he would never had dared to invade had the iraqis had a real bomb incombination with a sub parked outside insertfavouriteplaceintheus . 
  theres this semi good series called `` last resort '' which observes this paradox which boils down to this : a captain 's mutiny of a nuclear submarine can start his own country no one dares messing with . 
  atleast they 'd have to move part of it if they 'd want acces . 
  and still very much now , because they seem to grip every chance to deny it .
