  but my family probably would n't agree on that so i do n't really know : /, 
  well i do n't use mainstream social networks and they probably do n't know about reddit at all . 
  i recommend airvpn , have been using it for a while . 
  the supreme electoral board accepted ballots without official stamps . 
  well i always use paid vpns or tor all the time but some people do n't . 
  but from what i 've seen , most people started using vpns recently ( shitty free vpns though ), 
  in fact turkey is n't 98 % muslim , in the old id cards , the default value for the religion field was ` islam ' so many non religious people i know ( including me ) had islam in their id cards . 
  the religion field has been removed with the new id cards . 
  i 've been using a vpn for a long while already . 
  lots of ridiculous stuff happened here such as github getting blocked for a short period but as far as i know , minecraft was never blocked . 
  that 's not normal, 
  erdogan voters wo n't leave . 
  those who 're making moves to get out are mostly educated , not religious and intellectual people . 
  here is n't the place to reach people who voted ` yes ' . 
  most of them do n't even use internet . 
  i agree , i was just disagreeing on what he said . 
  what ? 
  almost everyone in / r/turkey is anti erdogan . 
  you can check out this thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/5letz0/what_is_a_comar/  it 's the turkish word for redneck . 
  backwards , religious idiot who loves to suck on erdogan 's cock any chance he gets , similar to trump supporters . 
  these kind of people are in the majority especially in and around the central anatolian region of turkey . 
  this particular region has a distinct continental climate . 
  it is usually extremely barren with wastelands as far as the eye can see , and as a direct result animal husbandry is historically very prevalent among its inhabitants . 
  the place , among other things , is famous in turkey and around the world for its shepherd dogs ( see : anatolian shepherd ) . 
  this particular dog breed is very loyal , takes its duty as a shepherd dog seriously and will even fight to its death when guarding its flock from a wolf attack , but not known for its intelligence among other dog breeds . 
  poetically , these qualities of the anatolian shepherd are similar to those of the people living in the area , another kind of `` anatolian shepherd , '' so to speak . 
  a common name for shepherd dogs in turkey is \u00c7omar , hence the name attributed to these people . 
  we call such people \u00e7omars . 
  they 're usually uneducated , very religious people living in rural areas, 
  ` retards ' ? 
  it 's not like we wanted this . 
  they rigged the referendum . 
  not going to happen . 
  most people are scared to write about stuff like this on mainstream social networks because you can get arrested , your family can be kicked from their jobs etc. . 
  source ? 
  i have no idea but i 'm not surprised either . 
  same here . 
  actually the tuition fee for international students is affordable there , i 'll consider this . 
  thank you !, 
  it 's alright  i did n't mean to be rude, 
  i already do some amateur coding and some other stuff but it 's nothing serious just basic stuff . 
  i 'd improve my skills but my family will probably want me to study the university entrance exams here in turkey 24/7 but maybe i can do something , we 'll see . 
  well he can stay in power until 2029 this way . 
  and i 'm well aware of the thing you say and expecting it to only get worse . 
  thank you for your help . 
  i 'll consider my options . 
  in poland it 's between $ 3000-3500 a year , in latvia it 's between $ 3000-5000 would you recommend czech universities ? 
  oh yeah , as far as i know germany has tuition-free universities if you know german , good luck !, 
  i 'm not in uni either btw , in the last year of highschool . 
  i 'll look them up , thank you . 
  after getting into university ? 
  because almost nowhere cares baout the ygs results , some universities will ask for your results just to see if you scored above the threshold - which is an extremely easy thing . 
  - my ygs result was pretty bad as i fucked up during the exam, 
  well , i do n't think i can afford much that 's why i thought of studying in poland or latvia for example , tuition fees and cost of living are cheaper there compared to western european countries . 
  i 'll do some freelance work and have some family support but it 's nothing big . 
  tuition fees in uk are pretty expensive though : /, 
  well getting out of turkey is not a problem in fact , if you 're going to study / work abroad . 
  edited . 
  i meant abroad in europe . 
  i 've been planning to get out of here for a few months but honestly i do n't know what to do next : c, 
  fucking idiots , why do n't you go live here in turkey then ? 
  i 'm sure they do n't even know danish or do a proper thing for their community . 
  it 's a good idea in fact , learning french or german to study abroad , there are universities that are tuition free if you know their language but my family will probably be against that telling me to study in turkey , i do n't know : /, 
  france seems like a good choice for studying university but as far as i know french universities do n't have english programmes, 
  how can we fight when all the media is taken away ? 
  how can we fight when they obviously rigged the elections and they say stuff like `` there 's nothing you can do about it it 's over ( : ' i 'm just a student in the last year of highschool , i do n't want to continue my studies in such a fucked place . 
  i will try to get the fuck out of here, 
  true ... 
  but even with this much cheating all they got was 51 %, 
  i 'm planning to study computer science , good luck !, 
  what do you want to study ? 
  as far as i know tuition fees in canada are high , you can consider poland , latvia etc. 
  well most immigrants in turkey are uneducated people that does n't contribute much to the society . 
  i 'll avoid those people and in my opinion those people should be in turkey , not us . 
  rip . 
  i do n't have anything to say ... 
  there is n't much hope to be honest . 
  i will !, 
  thank you for your help , i appreciate it . 
  we can try to apply for scholarships perhaps , there are some offers and oppurtunities , i have financial problems as well but like i said , we can try . 
  why ? 
  i do n't think so , after the referendum passes , erdogan can stay in power until 2029 , after he 's gone it will take years for turkey to fix itself . 
  18 year old here . 
  rip , we should try to get the fuck out as soon as possible, 
  thank you , i 've researched about it in fact but thak you for your information . 
  i have to think about this seriously , leaving here and finishing my studies in a foreign country and working there and never coming back to turkey seems like the best option . 
  i thought about latvia and poland in fact , they seem like a good choice . 
  i 'll never live in a akp majority or turk majority city in europe . 
  but i do n't know how would i leave, 
  man i 'm just an highschool student ... 
  i 'm currently in the last year of highschool but as far as i know france does n't have english courses in their universities, 
  screw this , i do n't really know what to say , even though the yes votes are decreasing , i do n't think that the no will win . 
  i 'll try to get the fuck out of this country as soon as possible . 
  i 'm from turkey and i 'm looking to study computer science in europe . 
  i 've been researching about this for a while however most places have high tuition fees for non-eu citizens . 
  i found some universities in poland and latvia that is affordable , do you have any other recommendations or experiences in these countries ? 
  any help will be appreciated , thank you . 
  yes , and it 's only getting worse . 
  i think it 's because of the education but again , it is a field that depends on individual 's skills itself , there are lots of international companies in wroclaw , i do n't think it was because of the language . 
  thank you so much !,
