someone in my school who had taken the exam died too , no one was saying a single word in school , it was n't a good thing to see , so many people were crying, 
  i 've heard the explosion while i was browsing reddit , it was pretty loud and there 's at least 27 people dead , 75 people wounded . 
  major exams in turkey are pretty strict , you ca n't bring your own pencil , eraser , keys , changes and stuff you can only bring bills and a water with its label strapped , you get searched by police officers before entering the school, 
  yes unfortunately we have some people like this , a few days ago i was talking with someone about current economy and he said ` why would i care ? 
  i do n't have anything to do with usd . ', 
  sorry to hear this ... my condolences from turkey, 
  because then you 'd be arrested instantly , you can get arrested even if you tweet / post something anti government on facebook . 
  there is n't even a single turkish news article about this . 
  my brother was planning to do his internship in leuven and it was going good but now he has to cancel it and try somewhere else after this . 
  they 're also considering banning tripadvisor and trivago , what a fucking joke . 
  be advised , also israel issued a high level travel warning for its citizens in turkey and other countries such as uk and other european countries increased the risk level for turkey , be careful guys . 
  thank you , i 'll look it up . 
  i do n't have much time to learn it so i 'm looking into universities that give english courses . 
  thank you for your help . 
  yeah but the courses are in german , right ? 
  sadly i do n't know a third language so i need a univeristy that teaches in english . 
  they 're not free for non-eu citizens and in germany i think they 're free but i do n't know german : /, 
  how ? 
  people keep getting jailed even for making videos like ` why we should vote no in the refefendum ? ', 
  embarassed at what ? 
  not believing in god ? 
  nope , most people around me do n't care at all , in fact most muslims in turkey are not strict muslims , they say they are muslims but do n't do many religious stuff, 
  most of them , yes . 
  as we see in netherlands and germany . 
  i lost the count . 
  edit : typo, 
  they do n't want an authoritarian government but most people are scared to talk . 
  of course there are people who wants that , dreaming a ` resurrection of the ottoman empire ' , extremist people . 
  but they 're not a majority , they 'll never be . 
  well not really , when we say anything publicly we risk getting jailed . 
  almost everyone around me disagrees with the government 's policies , only like 10-15 % agrees . 
  we ca n't do much , they own the media , own the police and law , they do n't even get any punishments but journalists , activists get arested every modern and secular turk absolutely disgusts this government . 
  can we call such an environment democratic at all ? 
  we 're trying our best but we have to do it anonymously . 
  no , we do n't love it . 
  every other day another thing gets restricted and every day i 'm embarrassed of my government . 
  turkish gov. 
  \u2260 turks, 
  no , i 'm not religious . 
  but the surveillance by the government is increasing every other day . 
  a friend of mine has been a target of it probably but sadly i do n't know much details : /, 
  yeah , most people in turkey do n't know about turkey at all . 
  i meant sites like facebook , twitter , forums etc. 
  just another day that i 'm embarrassed of my government , yay . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm planning to study computer science , probably one of the most global jobs . 
  yes , i 'm planning to but i did bad in the university entrance exam here last week : / it 's way too hard and you have to score better than people so i do n't really know rather than preparing for another year for this screwed exam i 'd do freelance work to save money and study abroad , we 'll see, 
  i 'm sorry that you have to deal with ' \u00e7omars ' there , they should be living in turkey , when asked they say ` the life is very hard here because of our religion , no one likes us etc. ', 
  so they ca n't integrate into modern societies going abroad does n't seem possible for me right now because i 'm in the last year of highschool but i 'll keep looking for oppurtunities !, 
  i hope , but if this referendum ends with a ` yes ' majority , it 'll be way longer probably : /, 
  indeed , most of the true jorunalists are either writing behind bars or ca n't get their voice heard because basically the government owns the media . 
  indeed . 
  writing any anti government stuff on mainstream social networks is basically a ticket for your whole family to get fired and for you to get arrested . 
  ^ this . 
  ^ this . 
  almost everyone i talk to online living abroad ( mainly in germany ) are like ` turkey is a super power now , all the europeans are jealous of us and we ca n't live properly here nobody is religious here :( such is the gurbet life ' it 's annoying as fuck , come live in turkey then ? 
  yup , i want to get to hell out of here as soon as possible , the education system is shit , politics are shit , economy is getting worse each day , there 's no security or freedom of speech . 
  edit : typo, 
  taner y\u0131ld\u0131z , an akp mp once said : `` we 've noticed that our vote percentage decrease when the level of education increases . '', 
  no but the priority of the opposition is the referendum right now, 
  not really , turkey has been in a state of emergency for like 8 months and they will extend it again and again and again . 
  any kind of resistence / protest would end bad . 
  in case of a resistance , there will be people against the resistance ( extremists of the current government 's supporters ) and you may get yourself a new shiny civil war ... 
  yes, 
  thanks , i know  i always use the necessary security meausres . 
  true . 
  it would n't be concentration camp but you 'll get arrested , state officers from your family and you can get fired and so on . 
  in fact tor browser is banned in turkey but you can still use bridges to access . 
  and get arrested . 
  i wish something like that would happen , they can only leave there by force , they act like they 're living a very hard life there ( these kind of people are very common especially in germany ) while not knowing the country 's language , not integrating into their society and making turkey worse every day by voting for the current government . 
  well we ca n't do much , everything leads to an arrests mostly, 
  we do . 
  i 'm embarrassed about all the pointless and stupid stuff we 're doing . 
  i wish good luck to fellow pirates there from the turkish pirate party !, 
  nah , they like living off of unemployment wage , living in ghettos and playing the ` gurbet ' card saying how they miss turkey , how it 's a hard thing for them to live abroad with ` gavurs ' . 
  but they would never come to live in turkey, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  he was arrested . 
  radar, 
  it 's just like `` chomar '' here is a children 's song about it ( a rip off of the bingo song ) used online as a meme when encountering \u00e7omars : https://youtu.be/hxfubqudsqa, 
  it means like sheperd 's dog but it 's a slang for backward minded ignorant people - usually akp voters . 
  depends on what kind of people you talk to . 
  there are both full blown retards and progressive people but there is a big majority of \u00e7omars in europe , especially in germany and belgium . 
  it has begun years ago , almost everyone with a working brain wants to get out of here . 
  for example , my brother is now an intern in medicine , he decided to study for usmle and get the hell out of here , i just finish high school but the thing for my brother is , he ca n't study for those exams because after he finishes his internship , he has to work in a random city - most likely an eastern city , which sucks to live in - for 2 years . 
  you can normally resign but since the government is abusing the state of emergency , you ca n't resign . 
  not really , around half of the population is against the current government and i agree that some people will indeed support such idiotic moves like this , those people are not the majority . 
  of course there are sharia fanboys and lots of other people sharing the cavemen mentality within akp but the thing is , there is a big population that is not pro-sharia or anything and still votes for akp/erdogan out of ignorance and the extreme manipulation they have over media . 
  fucking ridiculous !, 
  yup . 
  they did it together, 
  yes but most of them still have n't adaptated into society , they usually live in turkish ghettos , do n't know german and so on . 
  because they 're mostly uneducated people that came to europe years ago with the guest worker programs . 
  well , turks in us , uk , canada etc voted no in the previous referenum but turks in germany , france , belgium etc voted heavily yes . 
  agreed . 
  yes , people who voted for him, 
  most turks in germany or austria came to europe from turkey with the worker programme back then , they are people that could n't adapt into german/austrian society . 
  if you look at the united kingdom or the united states , people there voted heavily no because most people gone there with brain drain, 
  i do n't know man ... 
  the education system is totally fucked up here too , my brother is going to continue his studies in europe ( internship etc ) i 'm thinking about saving and making some money and studying in a country that has low tuition fees for non eu citizens and study there , such as poland .
