torture is never justified , and thinking that makes you more in line with isis than the majority of the u.k 's muslims . 
  i agree that could be a factor , i think another point is the amount that europeans welcome immigrants to a community compared to america . 
  europeans seem to want someone to drop they 're culture when they come and assimilate utterly into that nations neighborhoods . 
  americans do n't mind someone having a little bit of foreign on the street and we celebrate ( to a degree . 
  we are n't perfect in anyway at this especially to latinos ) our foreign neighborhoods in our urban centers . 
  sorry if this is ranty or anything , it 's 4:45 am and i 'm a bit tired . 
  have a wonderful night . 
  on point 3 you forgot that europeans will refuse to into account anything they could be doing wrong in terms of integration . 
  a failure in the culture in asia , a failure at integration into british values and in britain 's attempts at integration . 
  both sides failed and it 's result is something that should n't be swept under the rug . 
  also , how is shocking that the victims are white when white people are a the top of the social order . 
   what saville did is disgusting and i just wish we could have tortured the cunt before he died but that is no reason to sweep this problem under the rug . 
  i 'm sure in your next few days you will talk about the evil vile nasty muslims that torture . 
  somehow i just get this feeling . 
  because the russians in the baltic are the source of the problem not putin . 
  your entire idea revolves around the idea religion is a big scarey evil boogieman as far as i can tell . 
  unless you tell me how in any other way a hijab is child abuse . 
  are you seriously going to claim that the majority of women in turkey are n't muslim ? 
  cause you 've already claimed a article of clothing means they are n't '' integrating '' into society . 
  so if i claim to represent france and shoot up a school or some other insane bullshit . 
  do you as a frenchmen now have to publicly announce you some sort of loyalty pledge against me ? 
  the people who scream about them dirty sand niggers would never debase their pure western european linage by speaking to one silly . 
  if your offended by my mocking of the nationalists and racists on this subreddit then by all means build away . 
  i ' l clarify my post by saying this , in no way to i think my above sarcastic post is the reality in the minds of the majority of europeans . 
  however it is the reality for some . 
  working with the filthy browns ? 
  do n't you know north africa has muslims and africans . 
  they ca n't even speak a proper european language . 
  dear god can we rotate former colonies in and out of this ? 
  next time around canada can join as special guests of france and england . 
  it 's terrifying what some oil money , a couple of invasions , racial and religious motivated hatred and infighting , and in all likelihood the greatest terrorist marketing campaign of all time can cause inside a land imperial powers have been meddling in for centuries . 
  aka , acting like it 's just islam causing these issues is foolish and does little to nothing to help anyone in any country solve the is problem . 
  i 'm not casting blame on single nation , but if the west wants security in the middle east we ca n't lower ourselves to blaming a single issue and ignoring the entire history of the region . 
  '' hey guys , in case you did n't want to diversify your energy portfolio 's here 's a handy reminder on why you should ! '', 
  no not at all because something something and something something 2 steps above roma . 
  i love how training the national guard is a coup in your eyes . 
  / r/europe 's racial purity squads of course . 
  well clearly no cabbage because stole by gypsy baby gang . 
   you wildly missed the point . 
  as soon as hp fame reached critical mass around book two , anything after that could have been ( and at times was ) complete shite , and her already established and fanatic fan base would have eaten it up no matter what . 
  and they did . 
  i ' l grant you she hit critical mass , however books 3 and 4 are wonderfully fun reads for a young adult novel . 
  again . 
  young . 
  adult . 
   i honestly refuse to believe that you guys genuinely view her as a great writer . 
  just fans caught up in the fandom , or people who believe popularity is a measurement for writing ability . 
  the fact you refuse to think anyone can think she 's a good writer in any regard/note makes you sound a little silly . 
  she crafted a wonderful world that millions enjoy , the majority of fans are n't obsessive over the characters but rather the world because it 's that enjoyable . 
   her ability to write has never been considered great by anyone of note . 
  she hooked in kids with an interesting story and had massive advertising and publishing backers to make sure hp became an absolute monster of a franchise , but in absolutely no sense of the word would anyone with any kind of relevant writing background consider her up there with the greats . 
  critics who are n't comparing her to twain tend to realize she 's a wonderful children/young adult writer . 
  comparing the end result publishing success and ignoring the start of 500 prints is ridicilous , your ignoring the start of the story and pretending she was at the head of a massive campaign from the start to shove harry potter down your throat . 
  lastly , anyone with a relevant writing background would consider her up there with the greats . 
  because the relevant writing background is n't supremely serious tomes but children 's books . 
  i love history and am quite good at geography . 
  via your own logic she created 7 hits based on 6 successes . 
  if each one sold on the success of the last then 6 successes . 
  6 massive successes . 
  yet the foundation and real start of the netherlands is inherently anti-monarch and pro republic . 
  why deny that true root and prop up a figurehead appointee of napoleons descendant . 
  the area that became switzerland *, 
  thank you . 
  it 's insane how many people are scared of tech growth because it means '' robots will put us out of work '' . 
  if you honestly think the colonization of africa was a net gain then your delusional at best and abhorrently racist at worst . 
  it 's funny how your wrong on where the turks came from and how as a italian your complaining about a nation enslaving europeans . 
  also is the u.k no longer in europe due to the enslavement of the irish ? 
  gyros are just fantastic . 
  the non crazy version of this story is a lot less . . crazy . 
  a effective ass . 
  you guess . 
  who pretend to give a fuck about cultural heritage . 
  welcome to my exact frustrations with this subreddit everytime america and food come together . 
  i honestly fail to see how using the same method and getting the same result means the name is being abused . 
  if you ca n't find a single difference between a high grade american parm and a high grade european one . 
  why does the american or hell , anywhere but europe cheese have to be called '' parm styled '' or something similar . 
  aoc is 100 % economic protectionism . 
  just because you deny regions in your own nation from producing a product and calling it x. 
  does not mean that you do n't profit in total by banning the use of the x brand in every other country . 
  oh look , another thread where i 'm told i eat kraft pre sliced ` murica cheese and swill down bud light while thinking i 'm the fanciest fellow in all the land . 
  if the cheese/beer/wine is being made in the same method as the european origins then in every regard you should be able to call it that . 
  people buy food that they enjoy , and if european products ca n't compete without having special naming rights then they should n't be in the market . 
  it 's fun to see these articles pop up because europeans take it as '' our righteous government fights for our rights ! '', 
  yet when a american politician does anything the entire planet collectivily goes '' so his election is coming up '' . 
  implying that america as a whole is mild/pleasant . 
  ah yes the 1920 's , 100 % comparable directly to today . 
  afterall that was only nearly a century ago . 
  allow us to use / r/worldnews as a benchmark of europe views on muslims and roma and you have a deal . 
  what controls our foreign policy and through that trade ? 
  one member of the house is n't the us admin , typically the executive branch is thought of as the head/bulk of the administration . 
  if you go after the executive branch for everything a member in our lowest house of congress says you ' l look as much a fool rodgers . 
  i really . 
  really want to start taking everything a single member of the eu government says and making it into headlines representing the entire nation . 
  i wonder how that would go . 
  the trains will run on time . 
  read exactly what you wrote and tell me more about how muslims are n't considered second class citizens in western europe . 
  freedom of speech in germany means you ca n't wear or say certain things from the 30 's . 
  religious freedom is the last thing this subreddit desires when it comes to islam . 
  if someone is actively recruiting children for sex trafficking you jail them , if they are doing the same for to fight '' jihad '' you do n't ? 
  you do n't jail nationals that recruit for terrorist groups ?
