  what 's the difference anyway if i presume you already use facebook or g + or even both ? 
  and the nsa ... 
  damn , my chrome browser scroll indicator is only 1 mm thick and hardly moves when scrolling down . 
  edit : i mean `` long '' !, 
  not the thickness . 
  my normal life . 
  eating , sleeping , working , porn , ... 
  so you ca n't flash kernel through recovery ? 
  or do you mean no s-on ? 
  not onto the country where i live . 
  is this good ? 
  not even awkward boner initiated , everything good on my side . 
  wait , why is this posted again ? 
  i am pretty sure i saw this somewhere on reddit yesterday ? 
  he must got really tired after squeezing his shit out . 
  phantom feelings, 
  definitely a strong neck needed . 
  how much does this weigh ? 
  i am born after the mauerfall , and not even german so ... shame on you !, 
  edit : and with a ddr coin . 
  this guy is a complete sociopath . 
  actually , this battery percentage showing in the status bar is very helpful to me . 
  when i want to charge my nexus 7 2013 i then can see if it 's really charging or not because i noticed that the charging port of this device is really bad made . 
  and i really did encounter charging problems two times . 
  after sodding and getting new cable i can still use this tablet happily now . 
  edit : of course , root is needed . 
  but then , better leave it as nova features else nova would be not nova anymore . 
  that 's right , but then , i would have to figure out if the charging bar is growing or not because +1 % does n't let the bar grow significantly . 
  and sometimes with the help of the percentage indication , i notice that my battery power did decline despite charging ( because of bad port or cable ) . 
  and only the glowing and lightning icon would n't tell me much unless i wait longer and then notice that nothing changes . 
  go go go , the voyagers are still working !, 
  also works in austria . 
  do n't ask me why or how i copied this . 
  `` bet\u00e4tigungsfeld '' is the german word for ` working place ' or the real translation would be ` scope ' . 
  and it seems that i did n't copy the whole sentence . 
  off topic but related to emojis ; does lollipop come with the new middle finger emoji ? 
  oh nose , no crappalink alternative and no youtube adaway alternative . 
  and gravity box will have to sleep awhile . 
  tib is one of the two things that every root user should experience/use it !, 
  the other thing would be the nandroid . 
  i was so concentrated on the philae landing that i had n't noticed this until now . 
  looks like somebody on xda ( your provided link ) gave a suggestion on how this issue may be fixed . 
  i saw that nearly everyone except one guy ignored his post . 
  the one guy that tried out the fix was successful . 
  i know an app that can show the power flow live : it 's called battery monitor widget . 
  maybe everybody should try this app . 
  but i do n't know if it works on lollipop . 
  it 's not a hundred percent promising fix , but i think one guy said something like reflashing the firmware more than just once , and then clear cache or wipe data so to make sure that the battery is n't showing wrong information . 
  and if the first wipe did n't work , then wipe a second time . 
  you maw have to read the thread for the steps . 
  it 's somewhere in the middle but another guy quoted it quite near the end of the thread . 
  you may want to try out lucky patcher , it has an emulator that does the same thing as freedom . 
  edit : but i do n't know if it works on lollipop though , you may try it out and report . 
  just download the `` original version '' . 
  those hallucinations must be very confusing and scary . 
  i wish i can find out what this lady hallucinated . 
  not thinking about trying this out myself !, 
  i would have dropped the cake . 
  this problem is not limited to youtube nor lollipop . 
  i had youtube video playback issue and google video player ( gallery ) playback issue and mx player hw decoder issue since september . 
  kitkat with dalvik is what i used . 
  i still use delayed lock by j4velin , he is currently updating the app to support better with lollipop . 
  agree , like i had played fifa 15 ut for a while , then one day i had to delete the game and reinstall because of bugs . 
  ea did let me backup the progress but only with facebook . 
  luckily i have a fb account although i hate to use facebook to save game progress on an android device . 
  i realized that it is possible to connect to google play but it only saved my achievements and not my team or gold coins , fifa coins . 
  surprisingly , after reinstalling fifa 15 ut and reconnecting to google play , not everything could be restored . 
  i was like 93 % through with the achievements but it only restored about 40 % or less . 
  but then maybe ea itself is also stupid too and ca n't implement gp correctly . 
  i stick with ttorrent , i am sure it will get materialized soon but i am not in a hurry . 
  seriously , why is this posted the third time ? 
  it 's about time that google should add wifi unlock to google play services . 
  that really sounds good and promising , thanks for info . 
  i see the lips . 
  i can only confirm austria . 
  and austria ist aut because aus would be australia . 
  no , this is patrick !, 
  uhm , i my nexus 7 fhd has only dropped like 4 % most after about 8 hours standby with wifi connection and background ( lots of pushbullet , some gmails , frequent yahoo weather refreshes ) syncing . 
  i have like at least four different root apps running in the background . 
  location services is set to high . 
  and my device is over one year old . 
  and i am on kk too . 
  i must be lucky . 
  i may have exaggerated a bit , but still , compared to your device not using wifi when idle and 15-20 % loss is somehow a bit much . 
  but maybe i am just lucky this one time . 
  sometimes if google play services is very active again or there is some shitty software bug causing wakelocks then i am not lucky at all . 
  edit : typo . 
  the pussy lips are clapping and clapping ... 
  the realist . 
  the second link is tiana lynn and tori , but only tiana squirts . 
  nope , blocking youtube ads only works with youtube adaway using xposed . 
  but xposed is n't compatible with lollipop yet . 
  because i am a spotify user too , i hope this will be fixed soon . 
  currently i still have kitkat and spotify also stopped playing few times in the past . 
  i think the dev of spotify should also check their app . 
  or simpsons-nized ... 
  i had to crack up at the last scene . 
  so lately hot kinky jo is more present on wtf , heh ? 
  also free in austria , maybe germany too , why not ? 
  also in austria .
