  miniclip will laugh its ass of because they know you 'll not stop playing despite the constant complaints . 
  they get the money they win . 
  na , you become italy . 
  maybe op at least tell us her name ? 
  wow , you are totally answering the question ... 
  i just drank a glass of water . 
  not for the user , but for the coder . 
  how to talk like a thug :, 
  `` caution '' is pronounced cuh-taiyon . 
  so before you go to sleep you look on top of the freezer for the pan . 
  you 're in the list of losers though, 
  for casual gamers like me the drought does make the game less fun . 
  i do n't have the time to go farming all the time and hacking whatever amount a day to get enough cubes . 
  recharging portals is less fun and i ca n't really hold many portals anymore . 
  a gif that does n't end to soon . 
  beautiful !, 
  so many negative comments here ... 
  what a waste of time again . 
  that dude has a pee fetish . 
  where is their mommy ? 
  have mm too but i do n't see it . 
  maybe only on 6.0.1 ? 
  just updated , also wondering a bit , but the developer will surely explain soon \u2122 . 
  ooh , i like the look of the back . 
  i spin my head right round , right round , when you ... 
  if it 's a real tattoo then / r/shittytattoos , sorry, 
  wolfsburg receiving 2 goals in seconds . 
  means they do n't want to win ... 
   car skidded on the pavement ** again **, 
  is this a common practice in croatia ? 
  cam anyone actually create a bot that only replies to question such as these ? 
  but with a serious answer , that would he hilarious . 
  that will be his new fb profile pic . 
  i do n't really like those bland looking rounded icons . 
  it 's so shit , it has gold . 
  we make jokes about death so we can deal with it better , that 's just human nature . 
  and still not everybody here enjoyed seeing this gif . 
  put this number back into your filthy butt . 
  should rather be posted to / r/funny, 
  so i am in this this subreddit with imaginary maps , but people here take things so seriously , what the hell ? 
  you know what to do ... 
  i ca n't agree though , somehow i find the music app from google so bland . 
  it 's playing music , should look a bit more interesting or something ... 
  you 're proud to share your porn collection with other people , right ? 
  what 's the problem of being upset ? 
  so , suddenly he does n't deserve to be known ? 
  or why do you even care that much ? 
  thinking of how that arm might have broken while falling like this is pretty uncomfortable . 
  do you even know the degree of how upset that guy was , i do n't either ? 
  upset \u2260 being pissed of . 
  apparently he was n't mean according to op . 
  i loved the smooth rounded feel of the one x in my hand . 
  i would ... 
  virgin upgrade, 
  yeah , the weather is bipolar . 
  i also have to put my phone in to the pocket with the screen facing out because i want to prevent it from waking up on its own . 
  never thought of the possibility to break even . 
  * remember , no baby *, 
  i started learning c and i am happy enough to understand the for loop , 
  i like paper money , it 's nice to feel money ... :(, 
  na , we have to discuss about this pasta first ... 
  but in reality we * added * even more bugs . 
  hahaha  , 
  you should know doctor . 
  that 's how i know cod . 
  just `` realistic '' scenery of war . 
  now i 'm waiting for the bf5 trailer . 
  so if people are saying that uni is not relaxing ( which i agree ... ) and having to work is even harder , than it scares me to shit to know that life is only getting harder and more unbearable . 
  :( and only luck will help you to have a decently comfortable life . 
  nope, 
  i liked the old posts on yuoseecomrade better ... 
  they were funnier in my opinion . 
  peaceful, 
  mine is still 5.0 . 
  did i miss something ? 
  i see no big shockwaves . 
  instead of asking on reddit , which i do n't mind , i do n't want to be rude here , you should go to a vet first . 
  oh yeah , i thought that was my problem only . 
  my lcd display started `` smearing '' vertically and that bothered me a lot . 
  i ask myself how much that dog may have suffered to be able to do all these tricks . 
  remember , nobody really knows what that dog would think in this situation and if he enjoyed it . 
  he may be excited about the treat but not the dance itself for sure . 
  i do n't need another dialer . 
  it would be just bloat for me to be honest : / . 
  found the guy that was in the car . 
  the hate bandwagon is sadly real . 
  the first comment of the g + is one of the most useless ( i do n't care about the other ones anymore ... ) . 
  currently i am also using pushbullet with copycopy . 
  i hope situation wo n't change to the worse . 
  i 'll keep an eye on that . 
  are accidents like this really wtf worthy now ? 
  but that was the * best tit *, 
  this sub makes insecure people more insecure because they will get a lot of hate comments if they are not * perfect * looking . 
  not worth creeping there ... 
  hey , look . 
  now the downvotes are incoming a bit because this post got a bit more views . 
  update is 70 % done , please reboot to finish the update ... 
  this version number is like a bad joke . 
  1.10000.0 in the future ? 
  casual players are best players .
