  little big planet, 
  this is real life portal . 
  pretty hot !, 
  cat is like `` why wo n't this dog stop smelling my ass '', 
  he wants to be a tree . 
  what has `` bar & grill '' to do with this girl ? 
  i understand nothing ... 
  and this comment to the top !, 
  something is wrong with this watch , it does n't show 10:10 . 
  why ? 
  the slovenian word `` svinja '' . 
  it means pig . 
  i just like how it is pronounced . 
  i did n't even know what those symbols were until i have read your comment . 
  but i still hate the icy seat ... 
  everything with this guy is wrong , the rest is ok . 
  as long as she does n't have diarrhea ... 
  fully ninja mode, 
  i would have given the free meals to the homeless . 
  welcome to reddit, 
  hopefully he 'll still be happy whatever the outcome is going to be , being proud of himself . 
  i love bacon , they are all mine, 
  a cucumber as a dildo, 
  need for speed : least wanted, 
  spongebob had a car accident again . 
  10 cheeseburgers, 
  you take one big bite from the top and this pizza cone will explode and you get cheese all over your face/clothes . 
  or you take one small bite from the bottom and through the hole slowly suck the cheese out . 
  or you are a pervert and lick it like real ice cream . 
  and here is the link : www.reddit.com, 
  dogs, 
  never heard of that . 
  they must weigh more than her too . 
  that ninth picture is so awwwwwwww ... 
  ayo technology - milow, 
  i know it 's a cover from 50 cent , but it 's sounds so relaxing . 
  thanks for correcting . 
  i was already wondering why the word looked so wrong when i pressed the submit button . 
  i am tired . 
  cats people too are, 
  and the camera had to turn away ... 
  that one tiny moment where i do n't have to worry about anything . 
  how the hell should i imaging that ? 
  no gravity means that earth has never existed , earth with no gravity makes no sense . 
  [ odesza - how did i get here ] ( https://youtu.be/iqsl-ppjxs8 ), 
  p e n i s, 
  whoa , the dog can write ? 
  wow , the devs actually revived the app . 
  not just one , but that not all friends are real buddies . 
  just temporary friends . 
  i am somehow lonely ... 
  looks like yawning . 
  i would take a 20 minutes long nice nap . 
  pizza, 
  you need to buy a pack of it , not just one . 
  he tried, 
  you did n't break it . 
  cats are liquid so nothing wrong or abnormal here . 
  add is the new enhance, 
  first rule , never talk about or mention iitc !, 
  what am epic shot . 
  is there really something that is normal ? 
  how do you know that it is being `` normal '' and why may other things be abnormal ? 
  somebody should modify the up arrow to a down arrow . 
  nice, 
  interrupting the sleep is no a great experience ... 
  i tried and chrome crashed ... 
  duplicating a media file would be soo funny . 
  two branches , one tree , one grew into the shadow . 
  it 's sad . 
  tldr, 
  went to mcdonald 's . 
  and now you know who she is , right ? 
  you learned new things , be proud of yourself . 
  american date is so confusing ... 
  as if the notebook does n't have a built-in web cam . 
  surprise buttsex . 
  / r/almostperfectloops, 
  if it 's free , you fucking never complain !, 
  ok , i do n't get it . 
  ok , i am thinking too complicated . 
  i thought the picture above is already a hacked photo of the hacker/cracker and i was confused because in the picture you can actually see his laptop , and i was like `` how is this possible that the built-in cam can take a picture of the laptop ... '' . 
  and because / u/chipish commented, 
   thats in case someone hacks his webcam whilst he 's hackingz . 
  i thought that `` thats in case '' is meant as `` that 's the result picture ( referring to the  at least it 's not this ! ), 
  when the hacker/cracker is being hacked '' . 
  and finally i commented in a sarcastic way to say that why the laptop can be seen in the pic and that chipish ' reply would n't make sense . 
  burn !, 
  when to use * to * and * too * . 
  this mistake appears too often i am going to cry . 
  my bed . 
  it 's happening , it 's happening !, 
  very nice , just looking at the thumbnail i thought it was a real wolf . 
  ... sadly, 
  human beings * are * animals . 
  not, 
  human beings * and * animals . 
  again and again and again . 
  i am already dead , but wish myself a better new life . 
  money is not the most important thing in your life .
