  i posted about it here a while ago , but got downvoted for no reasons . 
  then i googled and found some people also having this problem , but i must admit its very rare somehow . 
  now that 5.0.1 is pulled , i bet google found further serious problems . 
  one thing though : source ? 
  is there an article about it ? 
  that loop though, 
  we have modern medicine , we can build a super soldier !, 
  give us info !, 
  is your device rooted ? 
  do you have a custom recovery flashed on it ? 
  maybe try an app that can clean normal cache . 
  for example , get ccleaner from the play store , it 's free and small . 
  scan and wipe cache . 
  dude , that 's a repost of a photoshopped picture , how low are you ? 
  1 ) maybe, 
  2 ) no ( if it happens then it is a coincidence, 
  3 ) flash the factory image from googles website . 
  ( use wugfresh if you do n't know how to fastboot flash properly ), 
  i can only confirm austria , but i ca n't just guess the flair !, 
  edit : i just take europe, 
  10.99 what ? 
  euro ? 
  pound ? 
  dollar ? 
  you 're gon na have a very bad time . 
  there is ______ . 
  neither something nor nothing . 
  we ca n't say that there is vacuum . 
  no light . 
  no air , no galaxies , no materials , no whatever . 
  we ca n't imaging what could be there and with our telescopes ( hst , etc. ), 
  we ca n't find the edge of the universe . 
  we only know that it is expanding with the speed of light ( or near light speed ? 
  i am not sure ) . 
  that is because of the redshifts . 
  i could n't find the awww effect . 
  uhm , he said that 5.0.1 was pulled . 
  and 5.0 too of course . 
  so you are waiting for 5.0.2 or 5.1 . 
  i like that middle finger in the comment section . 
  did he play tic tac toe ? 
  that 's not how you do parkour . 
  fixed , sorry i am a loser, 
  the dog is like , `` let me watch your back , i 'll tell you when the boss is coming '', 
  the description writes `` kim jong-un '' but in the cast i read `` kim jung-un '' ? 
  you sure it was n't just a kiss ? 
  well , i should start putting up a christmas tree ... 
  no , you would have 105 % jellyfish . 
  hot lady , what 's her name ? 
  beats by dr.dre . 
  overpriced and still not good quality . 
  a friend of mine broke a beats solo , he bought a new one , broke that too . 
  from the thumbnails , i first thought it was a human brain . 
  so , luckily i only lightly burnt my right wrist when i was putting a frozen pizza into the oven . 
  i was lazy and did n't want to put on gloves , and i thought that i would n't touch the inside of the preheated oven . 
  now i have a little red mark on my wrist and its still visible after three days . 
  i am pretty sure i will make this mistake sometime in my life again . 
  will you again make some videos where you destroy cheap stuff with fire or acid or similar ? 
  sauce :, 
  model : hotkinkyjo, 
  edit : the video shows her prolapsing at the end only . 
  norse shows me nothing :(, 
  you may post this in / r/squirting . 
  does n't the spotify app also have landscape mode ? 
  nope , 6 are missing . 
  you forgot to look at the bottom left . 
  the dog is very jealous . 
  because we hate each other . 
  the frontpage shows a similar photo and it got like over 3k upvotes, 
  soooo embarrassing for that girl ... 
  the moment you noticed you got hit , would crash down on is ground alive and would be captured by the most brutal people on this world ... the angst is real . 
  this year in vienna i have n't seen one snowflake yet . 
  :( five years ago it was a completely other story . 
  money . 
  just imaging , everything that has something to do with money will collapse . 
  humans will turn into wild animals . 
  i tested it out on my nexus 7 fhd with 5.0.1 lollipop and everything seems to be fine . 
  downloading was no problem , installing was no problem . 
  opened the app , no crashes occurred . 
  found some shows i wanted to watch . 
  stream loaded fast and playback was smooth . 
  subtitles worked just fine . 
  yes , now i have show box , tv portal and popcorntime !, 
  i only encountered one small problem , where i could n't watch an episode , and had to restart the app , but then , it worked again . 
  i quite do n't understand why many of you here has/had such trouble downloading and installing the app ... 
  kinetic sand, 
  it 's just fun stuff . 
  so , they ca n't fix them and give up or do n't give a damn ? 
  i am coming . 
  so , here it is , op is sucking dicks . 
  he will never get thirsty , unlimited liquid supply . 
  tada . 
  but there is an option to make the progress bar look material, 
  but , those people need help and support . 
  you would just let them suffer . 
  but , it still would n't harm if this feature was implemented . 
  my htc 's stock browser ( not chrome ) can also wrap web contents . 
  and then poop pieces that caused the itching land into your pants . 
  seriously , are people here still downvoting free stuff ? 
  so it gets tangled by itself ?
