  not rooted . 
  bootloader locked . 
  i have n't used the alarm yet because i use another device for that . 
  i receive the notifications without problems and on time , as long as i have control of the power management . 
  the annoying part is that every time after installing a new app i have to toggle some settings in the power management . 
  reading that indian references always cracks me up . 
  seems like ireland is empty too . 
  fuck the boiii lice ? 
  in america the black dude 's head would be vaporised by bullets before that hat touches the ground . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  they have also fixed the annoying tap sound bug when tapping on the navigations . 
  no double tap sound anymore . 
  so what ? 
  why are you sad because you like them ? 
  you mean `` ok google '' . 
  it 's really weird to say this indeed ... 
  thanks !, 
  that solves the weather display problem . 
  but what if i do n't want anything ? 
  i know one method where you can add the search as widget and resize it till the the date ( or weather ) disappears , but can it also be set as consistent on all home screens ? 
  do you use any kind of software that alters your keyboard or mouse ? 
  do you use any overlays . 
  i had this problem in the past where i used a keyboard locker program that deactivates the keyboard when i did n't want my pc to register the keys ( for example while cleaning the keys ) . 
  even when i unlocked the keyboard but kept the little program running in the background punkbuster would kick me . 
  after exiting the program the problem vanished . 
  `` so ... , you sucking ? '', 
  he flies, 
  well , look at the comic again . 
  they break in . 
  til a new porn website , thx !, 
  only using the case that came with the phone . 
  never dropped it actually . 
  no major software bugs encountered . 
  no problems with hardware either . 
  i can only hope it stays like this for some time . 
  threats , threats everywhere ... 
  guess that 's how turkey had sneaked into us ... 
  i like your comment , it 's not one-sided . 
  holy shit , i have n't seen this video for so long . 
  that tops it all, 
  crawling in my skin ... 
  so why not appreciate when somebody tries to correct you ? 
  what about simply saying `` excuse me '' ? 
  in a full elevator i ca n't always know or see who wants to get off . 
  and if you do n't say anything how should i know ? 
  emily j, 
  it 's all about money my friend . 
  they want to charge you for it . 
  has somebody made an effort to censor the faces or is it just bad image quality ? 
  you can say `` nightly '' or daily ( but not always the case ) a new build of the software is being built with bugs being fixed or relatively new features being added and then offered as a download . 
  it 's expected to be still buggy or unstable , more than a beta release . 
  nightly builds of course are not limited to firefox . 
  any program or app can be nighties . 
  literary bitch slapping . 
  where are america 's glasses ? 
  is this not against the rules ? 
  it 's time to `` sfc / scannow '' . 
  put that line in cmd and press enter . 
  alright , thanks for clearing it up !, 
  emily j on thelifeerotic, 
  he watched porn while letting us do whatever we want during art lesson . 
  his wife was also a teacher at our school . 
  sorry , i have to downvote . 
  there are android ( or ios ? ), 
  enthusiasts here that can own many phones . 
  i have 3 currently . 
  but there are also some who just have their old phones lying around . 
  discussions are welcomed though . 
  but i think you mean complaints . 
  so fast that your hdd or even ssd ca n't keep up with the writing during download . 
  apologies , this gif shows emily j on sexart ( she is on thelifeerotic too ) and the video is called lonely day . 
  this is a link to full stream , 
  instagram had showed us once how it was like to delete all fake accounts from celebrities . 
  some celebs got upset apparently , those poor souls ... 
  pes, 
  he probably dead ... 
  we need to know the recipe !, 
  nothing against tasker , but sadly i 'm too dumb for it somehow . 
  i have tried installing it 3 times , then when i tried to use it and set something up , i got confused and overwhelmed by the functionalities . 
  always ended up uninstalling it . 
  pretty much server/cloud maintenance . 
  the money is n't useless here . 
  i wish that kde connect can be used in windows . 
  the universal copy & paste works flawlessly . 
  the `` trick '' is to actually run a linux distribution in vmware and because a virtual machines automatically syncs the clipboard between host and guest , the trick is fulfilled . 
  but i ca n't always boot up a virtual machine though ... 
  guess you do n't know what that sub is for ... 
  even guy on girl appears gay to me , i do n't want to see dicks and men butthole all the time . 
  i only see a pic of an ugly girl . 
  this site is boring . 
  ayo technology by milow, 
  `` uhm , how do i turn on my bluetooth ? '', 
  `` hello and welcome to google settings customer service , please follow these steps ... '', 
  maybe it 's art ... 
  do n't forget `` bobs '' , they like bobs, 
  linkme : battery monitor mini, 
  resting sad face ? 
  you do n't have to pay ffs ... people ca n't read or what ? 
  just twist them a bit ... 
   a pretty bad cat accident,
