  a vpn is not expensive , and if you 're lucky you can even find one which is free and reliable . 
  it 's infuriating that nobody went to help her . 
  never used it . 
  i just search in the play store . 
   where i did n't feel fully safe . 
  despite all the soldiers ... 
  edit : seriously , what 's with the downvotes ? 
  i 'm not blaming the guy for feeling unsafe . 
  you assume i was being sarcastic here , which i was not . 
  i only mentioned it to make you think how tricky this whole situation is . 
  in europe , for example , more police and soldiers patrolling the streets gives us a feeling of safety , and i promise you , many would agree . 
  now that seems not to apply in brazil . 
  see the difference and dilemma ? 
  it 's crazy but real ... 
  so what do you do with your life if that is already tiring ? 
  that 's how war breaks out . 
  enjoying a meal and getting sucked , this dude found life . 
  basically , just open a new sheet . 
  * walks to mcdonald 's in a few minutes *, 
  and google, 
  tried running ie and the emulator stopped :(, 
  nothing left out ? 
  so porn is now trashyboners ? 
  wait , so you can also have custom tiles now ? 
  do you realise how ignorant you sound ? 
  i have reasons to have different ringtone volume , just to let you know ... 
  if i 'm outside , i would turn the volume up and . 
  if i 'm at home , i turn down to about 20 % because in an quiet environment i do n't want to be startled by loud ringing . 
  and when i go to bed , logically i silent my phone . 
  basically , i adjust the volume according to the environment . 
  what 's so hard to imaging ? 
  well , the joke is that i use an app called ifttt ( if this then that ) and it automatically adjusts the volume according to the times i 've chosen and locations i 've set . 
  so , actually i actually do n't bother with turning the volume up or down manually , i 'm to lazy for that :p . i think the best solution for everyone is to let us choose which volume we want to adjust . 
  seems like samsung did that right . 
  throw in a piece of cucumber like a flashbang . 
  your cat is saved . 
  wow , that phone is stone age . 
  or are you being sarcastic here ? 
  why no direct link to pic :(, 
  alles klar !, 
  or it 's the carbonic acid blowing her away . 
  are expecting high quality jokes on milk cartons ? 
  this looks like something that should only lighten up a child 's day a bit . 
  that unnecessary reload xd, 
  they use nk as a buffer zone to keep distance to the us . 
   probably, 
  definitely, 
  ftfy, 
  what has happened before 2005 has failed . 
  only that nk is not her son ... 
  360 \u00b0 turned display this time . 
  now we 're on the list ... shit !, 
  true , the comment sections are flooded with sick minded people . 
  when this sub was relatively new , it had the quality of r/holdmyjuicebox . 
  this totally !, 
  well , thanks for making me even more worthless ... 
  insta digestion, 
  op does n't deliver, 
  if it 's a video , then it 's still acceptable . 
  you 'll only notice little artifacts . 
  i 've always been wondering why some people say that something is orange while other say it 's red . 
  * ok , rape you next week ... *, 
  suddenly breakdown, 
  yeah , we have this resting ~ ~ bitch ~ ~ `` grantig '' face attitude or similar i guess . 
  but not always and did n't apply to everyone . 
  seriously , this post deserves more updates than any other posts in this sub . 
  seems like a hardware problem . 
  what if he had never seen this before ? 
  that 's why he is wondering and asking here . 
  i am also surprised after seeing this gif for the first time . 
  i know that this gif does n't represent the whole situation , but that 's why we are here to discuss . 
  and please reread your comment and you 'll realise who is the retarded one here . 
   i got a traffic ticket, 
  see , you said it yourself . 
  you got something . 
  that dude in the gif/video got nothing . 
  now imaging again you drove too fast and a cop caught you . 
  but instead of giving you a ticket he takes your wallet away with your cards and what not . 
  how would you feel ? 
  fair ? 
  right , that is the problem firsthand after all . 
  anyways , we ca n't get much info out of this short gif , so it 's hard to judge . 
  if you enable screen lock cleaning , i am afraid you wo n't receive any notifications anymore from whatsapp . 
  it 's a very annoying feature , because i missed many notifications because of that . 
  at least for me . 
  it 's a sub where every kind of meme or picture is taken literally , which means , no fancy interpretation of it and no hidden insider jokes . 
  it 's where memes are getting destroyed in its sense . 
  maybe something like an anti-meme . 
  fuck off to voat then . 
  we do n't people like you here anyways . 
  when water is frozen . 
  it 's like some horror movie or game . 
  maybe some like swimming in human bodies . 
  and i 'm here wondering why somebody posts this in an android sub . 
  if it 's google doing this then everybody will have instant orgasm or whatever ... 
  but no wow ? 
  why not both ? 
  it 's like slow motion because rockets in battlefield indeed fly much slower than in real life . 
  do n't really like that but weapon balance is the reason . 
  reddit hug of death coming ...
