  just jerk off without going to the bathroom . 
  rip, 
  you need to start the imagination here . 
  pretend it 's a white sheet of paper and you start drawing on it . 
  it 's tripping balls . 
   what is a sun ? 
   a football painted in yellow . 
  i am not the biggest fan of rap music , but his is an exception . 
  really unexpected that he died . 
   i went to sleep and i woke dead , but i changed my mind , and i want to ... 
  for them genres do n't exist . 
  that 's merkel in disguise . 
  ssshhhhh , people here just want to bash ubisoft as often as possible , it makes their peepee hard . 
  she does n't do many squirt videos :(, 
  i would just have a bunch of hitmarkers and maybe manage to kill one guy before they turn around and kill me . 
  fuck , now the police is going to look for me :(, 
  suicide girls , here is the thing , she 's prepared / s, 
  b cuz, 
  so , are you enjoying it ? 
  so everytime somebody reads this will get free coffee ? 
  ~ ~ / r/comedycemetry ~ ~, 
  looks like jizz poptarts . 
  an analogy : you ca n't reset a dead computer . 
  but , if your computer is frozen but still online , you can reset it to make it work again . 
  serious question , is this some kind of illness you 're having that prevents you from smelling things most of the time ? 
  that 's the best goodbye you deserve !, 
  nothing . 
  i am wearing pants . 
  ultra are bigger screens and the s is like a bit speedier ? 
  i 'm still confused, 
  so you murder them ? 
  better ask support about that . 
  maybe they can unlink your spotify account from facebook . 
  you expected the internet not to lie ? 
  welcome to reddit, 
  * unzips straight away *, 
  i am also getting this problem more and more frequently ( was fine for several months then one day it hits me ) . 
  and i have literally no solution or idea to it . 
  i watched a lot of guides and tutorials on youtube or any kind of forums , but nothing has helped me . 
  it 's annoying but life is not easy : / . 
  somehow that made me laugh unexpectedly . 
  these posts just make me happy , 
  maybe he was using some gopro prototype from the early times . 
  willx looks awesome , but sadly does n't support xperia launcher, 
  i 'm a lonely man and if i were there instead of her it would be my best day ever . 
  white snickers, 
  left ? 
  na for the cow, 
  bcus, 
  like every kind of subreddit that wo n't stop growing ... 
  you 'll pass out because of the massive erection anyways . 
  i mean , is n't arab porn getting more popular nowadays ? 
  yep , defeating that bad habit is the correct thing to do now . 
  also , look in the play store for a gps reset app . 
  that might fix your problem . 
  too late obviously, 
  even without seeing her face at the beginning , i kind of already expected her to be an asian . 
  hahaha, 
  try reinstalling punkbuster by going into the game directory and using the installation file there . 
  the ceiling is in the way tho, 
  i try to ignore it as much as possible . 
  but one time , i do n't know if it was a bug or not , the person was typing something ( you can also see that ) after i wrote him . 
  then all of a sudden he stopped writing and i have never received a reply from him . 
  i was like `` lol k '' . 
  for german speakers it 's just a capital letter . 
  yeah , those mini games and easter eggs are great additions !, 
  looks so unnecessary . 
  maybe op comes from buzzfeed, 
  op 's comment gets downvoted simply because grumpy ( butt hurt ) reddit users do n't agree with it . 
  wonderful . 
  tunnel effect with schr\u00f6dinger 's cat . 
  `` mr. checkheck , please proceed to gate 7a , i repeat , mr. checkheck , proceed to gate 7a , this is our last warning ... '', 
  if you 're paranoid , just do n't use the internet . 
  that fov, 
  the other otter got smottered, 
  jetpack cat, 
  ... and your butt . 
  the night mode is a very welcome feature for me . 
  now i can uninstall third party apps like f.lux . 
  nowadays everybody gets triggered so easily , it 's ridiculous . 
  yeah , there is already feed , is n't that enough ? 
   dog, 
  ftfy, 
  i like how he initially puts down the coke and then decides not to and then it happens ... 
  so people still refuse to name the game in the title nowadays after so many complaints ? 
  if somebody puts a hand on your mouth , how would you talk ? 
  ah yeah , would be great to have it in bf4 , though remembering how it was like in cod , the non-zombies players would always try to find a glitch on the map and camp there for hours to make easy kills and the guy with the knife would loose interest and rage quit . 
   millions of galaxies, 
  did you see our milkyway ? 
  oh , i thought it 's something about that taxi company again ... 
  pro tip : if you ca n't type '' \u00fc '' , type `` ue '' instead, 
  i do n't know , it 's so lame that it has become funny again , now i ca n't decide ... 
  just so you know , remember that you also pay money to keep pushbullet running , so the devs ca n't run away with it . 
  `` gets shocked a lot '', 
  he knows what he is doing . 
  `` steaming mit vpn '', 
  and why is actually the belly still bloated ? 
  or is it part of blake 's distorted vision ? 
  i guess , everything that is a line is considered a dick ? 
  she is clever to wear a helmet even when not doing real dangerous stunts , then there are those who do n't know what such a thing is ...
