  sadly , sony does include quite some bloatwares too many . 
  they only have to remove a bit more or allow us to uninstall them . 
  do you know that in every person 's body , there is shit ? 
  sum 1/n \u00b2 with n = 1 to inf equals pi \u00b2 / 6, 
  but if you `` attempt '' to draw it in form of squares , you might think that it 'll end up in = 2, 
  seriously , video search on google sucks balls . 
  on bing or even yahoo search you get a nice presentation of the search results . 
  indeed , nothing wrong with what you say . 
  it 's just that capitalism does n't work perfectly with that . 
  well , not everybody likes the same bread ... 
  whoever is filming this does n't know how a phone camera works ... 
  i thought they learned that in primary school ... 
  s m a r t y b o i i i i i, 
  there is no cable that `` supports '' qc technology . 
  any standard cable is fine , preferable good quality ones . 
  to get the benefit of quick charge , you only need to have the charger brick ( plug ) to have the qc technology implemented and a device/phone that accepts quick charge charging . 
  battlefield games existed before 1942 ? 
  :o / s, 
  the only true way to do is have some free time , join a server with huge ticket rates ( 2000 or above ) , likely only conquest games , on pc 64 players server . 
  never stop using xp boosts , always keep an eye on it so if it runs out use another one . 
  never miss double xp or on rare occasions even quadruple xp weekends . 
  and do n't stop `` getting gud '' . 
  edit : also try to be a good squad mate or squad leader , you get extra points . 
  i do n't know why i think that you do n't know why you think it 's funny but i think that when you think it 's funny that i think this is funny . 
  it will never end . 
  ah , i must be retarded and blind , i thought they were real m&m 's , and i feel even more retarded now . 
  it 's really annoying to not encounter the bsod at least once . 
  i really want to try out that feature but can not activate it . 
  maybe you can write spotify support and they could help you . 
  either through twitter or email , i do n't know which is better . 
  that reload, 
  this is some weak wtf material . 
  do you smoke ? 
  it 's true , some street view data is very dated . 
  still , in my opinion , having it can makes life a bit easier because you can compare the surroundings better with the photo . 
  but anyway , thanks for the answer !, 
  she looks beautiful but i find many of her videos just fucking boring . 
  my tablet speakers are so bad , the propellers sound like somebody fapping as fast as possible , wonderful . 
  no , it means america 's nuke has arrived in hiroshima . 
  good boiii, 
  a snake or a snek, 
  you know ... jerking off and stuff ... 
  who the hell is alot ? 
  wiiiide screen . 
  up his butt, 
  which city and state is `` huh , til '' ? 
  so do n't use it or look for free legal alternatives ... 
  yeah , closing that curtain again was of course not an option , just stand there and scream at the camera ... 
  talk to the hair ... 
  it 's not easy to keep a balance between when you or the other person to start the text conversation , at least that 's what i experience . 
  but sometimes i feel like it 's always me trying to initiate text messaging with friends just so they may respond and get things going , and i am kind of tired of it . 
  if i do n't write `` them '' something then they will never write me anything . 
  at the same time i try to imagine their perspective and eventually i might have found out the reason which relaxes me and makes me worry less about it . 
  yeah , the digital age is part of our life now . 
  best thing to do is to keep control of it . 
  the what ?? 
  he asked if you use headphones ... 
  how should i know ? 
  what if you use your headphones for other reasons ? 
  like listening to music , making calls , etc. . . 
  i only want dark mode to be implemented , that 's all i wish . 
  we do n't deserve them, 
  this guy has n't found life yet ... 
  but what if the alps melted, 
  weeks ? 
  oof , that does n't sound good . 
  does it mean you did n't have contact with her for weeks or even any of your local friends/family has contact with her that long ? 
  when i was a paramedic i often had medical services at different events . 
  injuries did n't happen often or at all , so nothing to do . 
  when the usb goes in the first try . 
  rubber banding and shit ... 
  because of laughs like this . 
  how to shave a pussy, 
   shove it up your ass , 
  i was not being smart here anyways , just made an average reddit joke . 
  from outside to the center or other way around, 
  itt : everyone here is a traffic expert . 
  so 69 implies less sex :d, 
  interestingasfuck, 
  open the file in a virtual environment . 
  i do n't like that , watching this feels like mine is going to break soon . 
  see how i 'm going to live in a fallout . 
  came in class, 
  due to copyright claim ? 
  i once had an experience with dhl where the deliver guy marked a package as delivered one day too early before i received it , wtf ? 
  press on the edit button , then report . 
  where are the two kids ? 
  op might be dead now already ... 
  i am fine with that , seeing a dick and his butthole turns me off . 
  war in ordnung . 
  and what about 112 ? 
  i really hate this . 
  if the defibs are n't pointing at you why should they kill you upon knifing from behind ? 
  well , she is having fun ... 
  zte axon 7 here . 
  zte 's mifavor software decides to disable all notifications and background activities of all apps by default just to save some battery life . 
  even their own clock widget stops working sometimes . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  android 7.1.1 latest available version . 
  stock rom .
