  remove flair , it may be free internationally . 
  i ca n't seem to reproduce this on the nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . 
  maybe it 's phone only ? 
  i bet those guys in the military cars are like :, 
  `` the fuck ? 
  where are they coming from ? '', 
  north korea is pretty 100 % `` no '' . 
  one of the two things may be the cause : ( first i will say that i 'm sorry for your loss , but it looks like you can get over it easily , good luck . ), 
  1 ) he is not your true , true friend , maybe a temporary friend like buddies going to same school and class or something similar . 
  but , of course , finding a very good ( true ) friend is n't easy , keep that in mind . 
  just do n't give up finding one . 
  2 ) he is totally brainwashed . 
  this is true shit and you ca n't do anything here . 
  wait and hope ( not in a religious way ) that he changes/fixes his mind soon . 
  cyriak is doing wtf on purpose , nothing new ... 
  advertisement ? 
  she was there first , then somebody started to build a house around her . 
  so 48gbs only for dating websites ? 
  how many photos did you make ? 
  and did you learn a new word ( whatever language ) that you really like and can never forget it ? 
  watch south park season 16 , episode 1, 
  i want my butt scratched . 
  the first version of this game exited long time ago and i loved it . 
  then the game never updated ( because it is so good coded that no bugs came up ) and i thought that it was forgotten forever . 
  this year a second version came out . 
  it is free to download with quite a lot demo to have enough fun . 
  and with an in-app purchase you unlock more stuff and can even create your own levels and share it online with many other players . 
  ok , you want to know the name ? 
  it 's a fun and very unique racing game with easy but beautiful looking graphics . 
  linkme : jet car stunts 2, 
  she definitely beats cytherea . 
  you mean every muscle parts should explode or overheat or something ? 
  i always understand `` oh mist , oh mist . . '' which is german for `` oh shit , oh shit . . '', 
  why not get a reddit app instead ? 
  where is the `` aww '' effect ? 
  it 's not about the back button , op is saying that an ad pops up but there is no `` x '' button or something similar . 
  this happens , if the ad is larger than your phone screen and the `` close '' button might be hidden outside of the view . 
  plus , an ad may move with your screen while scrolling and prevents showing the hidden `` x '' . 
  a potato is always infuriating . 
  downvotes are from people that are md fanatics or google music fanboys/girls . 
  imo spotify does a great job with their own unique design . 
  it ca n't be made with md because it would n't match the desktop version and the feature usage . 
  and spotify is not google music so i am glad to see differences here . 
  so is it possible to update from 4.4.4 to 5.0.1 skipping 5.0 ? 
  i assume yes , because google stopped the 5.0 rollout ? 
  oh , ok did n't notice that . 
  yes , it makes sense . 
  it is a leak which can be the original firmware . 
  but , of course , as long as it 's not officially released , it 's better if a nexus or gpe user with released 5.0.1, 
  can confirm this . 
  overall , good news is good news . 
  nexus 8 maybe , the only number missing from the 4-10 series . 
  i would n't understand why google would n't implement this feature in nexus 7 ( second version ) . 
  i use a custom kernel and this does n't impact battery life or cause sluggishness . 
  not us only  . 
  pressed `` 9 '' button to long , siri makes a sound ... 
  that is because the ota can only be applied if your system partition has not been modified at all . 
  you must remove root or restore system partition from nandroid first to be able to apply update . 
  this is the new rule since android 5.0 . 
  he is already 18 years old ... 
  the pale blue dot , the only place where such things may happen at any time ... 
  so you think because it 's an `` special-system '' , people are n't allowed or ca n't make mistakes ? 
  about f * cking time ... 
  guys , do it like this :, 
  linkme : reddit sync . 
  the url is a type of uri !, 
  but not every uri is a url . 
  so `` completely different '' is also not right !, 
  edit : but in this case , it 's uri , that 's correct . 
  edit2 : just checked a random dev-host download . 
  if you long press the fake download buttons , an uri will show up which actually can be called url . 
  it shows : http://firstfirst.net ... 
  uh ... petted , wow , is looking up on the internet so difficult ? 
  edit : on, 
  strange , it 's actually helpful to me because when i listen to music , i wo n't accidentally stop it by closing the window . 
  and i got used to clicking `` file '' and then `` quit '' . 
  worst experience for the driver , and he ca n't do anything about it . 
  stop this shit !, 
  why not just flash a rom without gapps ? 
  and for an alternative gallery app ... 
  link me : quickpic, 
  ganz ehrlich , dude , use multiple keyboards so you can switch between german and english . 
  the correction system is going crazy . 
  tip : use adblocking tools . 
  no to your first question , i will need to mention it here : also available in austria !, 
  i ca n't see it here because i am using an app , but is there an europe flair ? 
  i am sure the flair list is incomplete or not extended ... 
  not compatible with tablets and the app is still in a beta phase , just not hidden anymore . 
  restore the stock recovery . 
  nice . 
  add a flair called `` worldwide '' or `` international '' . 
  this album is not us only so everyone can grab it . 
  poor lady actually , i think she is having a psychotic episode of some kind ( i am no expert here ) . 
  hallucinations can cause a lot of fear but `` luckily '' in the video she seems to have a positive experience . 
  btw , not every person with mental disorders are aggressive or causing harm to other people . 
  i just find it how weird it is that these guys on the other side of the wall are afraid of her and leaving even though there is a decent distance and a wall between them and the lady . 
  pussies . 
  i recommend you to do a research on hotkinkyjo, 
  man , i am very sure my sensors bug are caused by lollipop 5.0.1 too . 
  i am stock os , stock kernel , just rooted and nothing special .
