  hope the cats were fine . 
  this guy gets it . 
  then `` good '' news for you . 
  even when the trial ends , the functions they offer wo n't stop working completely . 
  you can use all of them to the fullest . 
  but , there will be notifications and toast notifications popping up now and then reminding you to buy the full non-nagging version . 
  lol , that just happened to me . 
  actually , he was a good friend of mine during hs , but after graduating our communications became very little to non-existent , which is a sad thing . 
  but i thought , such is life and i did n't bother with it anymore . 
  2 years later , bam , all of a sudden he wrote me and asked me how everything was and what was up and all that . 
  he asked me how uni was , etc. , and suddenly a topic about some start up business on his side was mentioned and how i could support him in some way . 
  i carefully dogded it without hurting his feelings , i was lucky he did n't get mad after i rejected his invitation to his presentation . 
  use the shit as a dildo ... 
  that 's what we call a banana shake . 
  let it rise ... 
  i believe what you say , but i also believe that my kd will instantly go into the ground again and dying a lot takes away my fun . 
  what are you assuming ? 
  me neither , but that 's also why we do n't mention it on this subreddit . 
  as long as everything works on our end , our mouths do n't need to be opened ... 
  but you know you ca n't post anything since the internet is also stopped . 
  if you mean `` is '' , then currently nothing is taboo on reddit , except breaking basic reddit rules and specific sub rules . 
  * it 's just a 2-step-authentication code that you have to use to login to a website *, 
  bananas keep rulers away . 
  no when , no want , no worry . 
  welcome to 2016/2017 ... 
  i like how it looks like that he starts laughing because of how he shakes his head . 
  displaying the weather is buggy , is it just me ? 
  i also have that screen bright dark flickering . 
  i hope it does n't go downhill from there : /, 
  me too , i got it on my axon 7 in austria . 
  wow , it costs that much and ca n't even flip shit properly, 
  not suited for fishing ? 
  yummy / s, 
  i have encountered it once in the past , but since then not . 
  it would n't harm if you could also state what device you 're using , if you save these songs on an sd card or internally . 
  that 's pretty well done and realistic . 
  it 's a genuine one though . 
  so , when nk fires the rocket towards the us , it will rain glitter over there ? 
  sounds nice ... 
  enemy ac-130 in the air !, 
  yep , for me it also looks like a public display . 
  looking at the railroad you can see it 's just a short piece , where only the wagon is standing on . 
  how can this be some abandoned machinery ... 
  i though i was on r/gatekeeping, 
   from blob 's light, 
  since my tablet is stuck on marshmallow , because of dropped support , i can enjoy the blobs forever . 
  but my newer devices may have to say goodbye to them, 
  that 's weird , i grabbed the key for it and redeemed it before the time was up ( by 5th august i think ) and what i got was the base game plus the viscera cleanup detail . 
  but apparently i do n't have the special edition , even when the name is visible in my humble bundle library . 
  did i miss something ? 
  oh , so having the dlcs is already the special edition ? 
  in this case , i have them , 5 to be exact . 
  but is it true that you could theoretically upgrade to the `` actual special edition '' for about 2 euros currently on steam ( which basically makes no difference in my or our case ) ? 
  so foxes ? 
  cat, 
  you 're turning into amanda 's mom . 
  there would be no president ? 
  pulling push doors, 
  my condolence ... 
  rip u/syllabic , now you 're receiving death threats because you gave away ideas ... 
  seriously , it looks very cool and fun because of how it 's advertised , but i bet i ca n't play with it for more than one day before i will completely lose interest in it . 
  basically , with any other toys with * magnets * . 
  i do n't know why , but the font is so irritating , like something is off all the time ... 
  that 's how you get micro stutters on your phone . 
  trust me , you 'll notice it anytime soon and you 're going to hate it . 
  it 's only that smooth if you do n't have many apps installed and also if your homescreens are n't crammed with apps or live widgets . 
  other than that your phone 's gon na heat up quite a bit and the lags will appear . 
  but it 's also possible that this wallpaper is very well optimized . 
  i know a similar live wallpaper called earth hd and it 's very smooth . 
  in the end it all depends on how powerful your device is . 
  yep , that can get quite annoying . 
  it should be at least reduced to a small icon in the corner only . 
  maybe they want to release it with android 8 ( oreo ) . 
  i mean , it 's not impossible and i 'm quite optimistic that at least android oreo will come to the axon 7 before zte decides to end support for it , which then i would n't mind at all . 
  if it was me , then i will be instantly killed by a tube , grenade or launcher as soon as the door opens . 
  maybe two . 
  use it to call somebody or as a sex toy ... 
  why is greece suddenly aroused ? 
  ok , so i guess you do n't have this problem . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  i have managed to fix the problem by uninstalling the send anywhere app after somebody has mentioned that on the microsoft answers forum . 
  ha , i instantly know that you got this wallpaper from interfacelift . 
  i also have it and it 's beautiful af . 
  a truck giving birth, 
  you can see how it 's about to get soft . 
  i use the built-in windows defender and the free version of malwarebytes anti malware to scan about once a month or maybe a bit less . 
  and i am simply careful on the internet and do n't download shady stuff . 
  hopefully you 've learned your lesson , because it seems that there is no way to bypass the account lock and encryption . 
  next time you should be careful when you buy used phones from third parties . 
  also , always ask the seller for anything that comes into your mind before purchasing , just to be safe . 
  and you should n't have bought a phone that is not fully wiped and factory reset . 
  60 $ for an axon 7 is too good to be true . 
  the only thing you can try doing now is to contact the seller and ask for a refund , otherwise you 're out of luck . 
  they taste good !, 
  yeah , he died but is recovering . 
  dying has always been a normal thing . 
  so two idiotas , right ? 
  ewww , it looks nasty after their fifth try : c, 
  reverse it again ?!, 
  seems like you do n't learn from mistakes .
