  i chuckled a bit . 
  beautiful cat . 
  i do n't see a problem here . 
  in case of fire , the building heats up and the paint will dry instantly . 
  then the fence can be removed without consequences and everybody can escape . 
  tada !, 
  a bunch of stupids . 
  it was you , right ? 
  admit it . 
  when i 'm home alone and i have nothing better to do , i play with the `` ok google '' feature . 
  but in my country , google now is still not as useful as just opening the internet browser and type the things i need . 
  conclusion ; i hardly use it . 
  if they are kind and i happen to have some small coins in my pocket ( which means that i do n't have to open my wallet ) , i may give them a bit . 
  i hoped the fire would disappear , it did n't happen :(, 
  mfc your_life, 
  super alpha aka prototype, 
  the girls in the background are like `` noooo , they are destroying our toys '', 
  survive the life . 
  by going to bed . 
  i liked it , 
  i always have the feeling that success in gaming happens only at the first try . 
  if i fail the first time , i can repeat and try my best again , but i 'll never play as well as the first time . 
  the first try always has a higher success rate . 
  ca n't tell if male or female ... 
  correct explanation !, 
  mine is lame . 
  it 's not wtf , but totally a turn-off . 
  just like on the toilet . 
  first i fart and then the poop drops out . 
  i need to pee but i do n't want to yet . 
  yeah , i encountered this on my xperia tablet z3 compact too . 
  in austria , my a1 branded htc one x is pretty clean and only 1 to 2 bloatwares can be found , but they are luckily not bloaty at all . 
  and the phone is unlocked for any carriers . 
  read the post in the link . 
  oneplus did mention that hardware is also the cause of this problem . 
  altough i am using htc the whole time , i would choose sony because it is water and dust proof and the camera should be great . 
  i also like the design . 
  alternatively i could choose microsoft/nokia ( lumia ) because the os is so lightweight and adding a 40 megapixel camera sensor is awsome . 
  afterglow - phaeleh, 
  this poor man sitting on the ground waiting for help and people are just standing around and watching and filming . 
  this is the wtf thing . 
  but , maybe i would be shocked too to help him ... 
  two assholes nobody needs on the street . 
  do n't know why you 've been downvoted , because i found this comment quite funny . 
  this ca n't be real , so many people being so helpful ? 
  he must be traumatized . 
  f * ck , i did n't think this far . 
  i feel stupid :(, 
  where the fuck is the ~ ~ horse ~ ~ donkey ? 
  edit : oops , i meant donkey . 
  tirl ( today i really learned ), 
  happy, 
  1 ) i would teleport me around the whole world and visit any country because i love traveling !, 
  and if i am hungry in a desert , i simply teleport myself to any supermarkets to grab some food and continue the journey . 
  2 ) prank people . 
  prank the shit out of them . 
  3 ) teleport me out of jail if i ever get jailed . 
  the one in the third picture looks extremely cool . 
  she 's melting like butter . 
  the guy from behind deserves a nice big punch in the face . 
  it 's a nice place for the homeless . 
  everything that you see in space is the past not present . 
  yes , exactly !, 
  but that 's a little harder for many people to believe it . 
  i have no idea , sorry . 
  if i had a chance , i would just sleep , then i might forget . 
  who said that he was allowed to watch a movie ? 
  i would n't have the ability to move !, 
  piiiizzzzzaaaaa !!!!!!!!!, 
  simon 's cat, 
  a toilet for superheroes, 
  taxi , taxi everywhere ... 
  people in the race for karma trying to sentence reddit 's servers to death . 
  yes . 
  maybe . 
  or something like an automated deletion of the cache after ___ day ( s ) . 
  nice loop . 
  for those who ca n't read it . 
  it says `` suck my dick '' . 
  cheese, 
  whoa , you 're being snowden . 
  where is this place ? 
  i want to see it till the end . 
  you should have used a banana for scale . 
  [ well , i do n't know what to say ... ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/saywha.gif ), 
  yeah , right ? 
  if you subscribed by mistake , you could just unsubscribe again . 
  because they do n't / ca n't care , do n't / ca n't help , and it 's more comfortable to not do anything about it . 
  it 's also comfortable for me to just sit in my couch , read this news and shrug it off . 
  edit : we can boycott the fifa world cup by simply not watching the game . 
  for me it 's not a simple task though , because i love soccer ... 
  this sub suddenly died ... 
  yeah , it 's totally wtf that becomes wtf . 
  wow , that looped almost perfectly . 
  / r/almostperfectloops, 
  they forgot the voyager spacecrafts : c, 
  into, 
  having, 
  i think it was the right arm and that ca n't have ended well . 
  rekt,
