  `` na , it 's pronounced * shu-theed * '', 
  world of warcraft ? 
  you would n't have . 
  that gape !, 
  there is no other choice , casualties in this situation will always be expected . 
  but if the swat does n't take action at all it would be worse or never end . 
  none . 
  uh oh , some deliveries will never arrive . 
  it 's not `` its not wtf at all '' , it 's `` it 's not wtf anymore '' . 
  destroyed by noobtube, 
  anybody a smurf or frog here ? 
  / r/expected, 
  is this even a safe technique to go down an escalator like this ? 
  could n't they take an elevator ? 
  i am not so good at remembering jokes , so , sorry ... 
  or this 1.000.000,00, 
  just binge listen to music you like and not let your son use your spotify account anymore . 
  after some weeks the detection algorithms should detect your taste again . 
  and if you do n't like these songs then simply do n't listen at all or quit listening before it gets played too long . 
  eww , that too saggy tits . 
  still got awkward boner . 
  i do n't know , on mobile , clicking on a gif is more comfortable than a video . 
  it appears to load faster . 
  can you elaborate a bit more ? 
  does n't `` seat yourself '' mean , you choose your own table ? 
  i am sorry if this question sounds dumb . 
  i fucking love huskies because these blue eyes . 
  that would be actually very awsome to see what your friends listen to or what kind of playlists they have . 
  all i can see now ( on desktop ) is what they are currently listening to and on mobile devices that 's not even available at all . 
  `` you are so tasty , nomnomnomnonmnonmno ... '', 
  that 's good to hear . 
  taking up pc only to play this game while others need it for studying is disrespectful . 
  i currently use the sony xperia z3 tablet compact and i can confirm it 's a beast performance wise and built quality wise . 
  ouch . 
  i call what you commented bullshit . 
  source : i live in a city in austria and because i write `` source : '' . 
  this cat is going to fart out of its mouth . 
  omg , somebody on / r/wtf said wtf out loud . 
  the universe receives the fucks . 
  so what 's her/his name ? 
  i really want to know if this person is a guy or a girl or ... whatever ... 
  what ? 
  you do n't want to see a man 's butthole in 1080p 60fps ? 
  well , that 's a new kind of fetish . 
  thanks to reddit i got less interested in it . 
  the episodes are great but all these annoying rick and morty references actually turned me off . 
  they 're basically used to gain karma . 
  so that 's my point of view . 
  some say to this day the guy is still standing there scratching the horse 's neck . 
  since it 's a field in russia and not in europe or usa land , nobody wants to upvote it . 
  here take my upvote . 
  `` maybe it 's a special sponge ... '', 
  handball, 
  i am a guy and i find these st. bernards super cute . 
  i thought he was going to whip that booty . 
  i guess for the opposite person it might be also comfortable if you do n't make eye contact . 
  there is no reason to do it , he is a stranger and not somebody you know after all . 
  ( of course , only when you 're passing by ), 
  not rude actually . 
  just a name change , we 'll see what more will come ... 
  i want to put my finger into it . 
  pretend taking out your phone and recording the person inside the toilet . 
  if you are ( very ) suicidal you will be numb of fear , because are not afraid of death anymore . 
  although i do n't use it often ( or at all ) , with flyperlink you can open up several bubbles at once like a pseudo multi window browser . 
  pretty practical on tablets . 
  you know his parents failed too hard here . 
  he 's totally going to buy a one year subscription on brazzers with the 100 $ . 
  in my country amazon works perfectly . 
  call of booty black boobs 3, 
  jump denied !, 
  anus mouth . 
  ok , so the kernel could cause problem of gps ? 
  hm , i will try flashing another kernel ... that might do something ... 
  where can i disable it ? 
  i flashed another kernel and it did not help . 
  i looked a bit carefully around xda and found out that x86 devices ( e.g. 
  my zenfone 2 ) do n't support ingress when using android marshmallow because no official mm framework has ever been released for these devices . 
  need to wait for asus . 
  wow , so cgi . 
  when reading through a long list of permissions being asked to accept before installing an app from play store . 
  ftfy, 
  too late , i had to unlock bootloader of my zenfone 2 and flash a custom rom . 
  but there is more , thanks to multi boot availability i have android 5.1.1 and android 6.0.1 . 
  negros, 
  we can always extend out imagination, 
  people on facebook , in the comment section , also youtube . 
  wash your hands . 
  i german i french ? 
  am not know . 
  alps alps , gold gold xd, 
  wait , ... which angle is this now ? 
  my brain is fucked , i ca n't figure out . 
  that 's what i thought , 90 \u00b0 is n't quite right either, 
  super, 
  when the lips open cause you have to queef . 
  give s\u00fcdtirol back !, 
  holy shit , you still survived ? 
  did your head melt down ? 
  nice , here , take my downvote . 
  [ oops , sorry ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/carinthian_plebiscite,_1920#/media/file%3avolkabstimmung_k%c3%a4rnten_1920.svg ),
