  i am not your sport , dude . 
  something is wrong , op delivering too much today ... 
  this dude is going to hate gravity for the rest of his life . 
  it 's full of diarrhea . 
  i have n't started learning yet . 
  anybody want to make a mypeopleneedme gif out of it ? 
  and the butt crack is kissing the surface of the ice pool . 
  ... not, 
  this gif is so pixelated that even pictures made out of lego bricks are sharper, 
  looks like little boats hanging on a giant blue wall . 
  this gif has no ending , it should be banned . 
  why is it wtf ? 
  try to not worry about anything . 
  tell the victim to catch the grape when i throw it . 
  i am going to throw it infront of a passing train . 
  he is very serious , the first person to be killed by him is the cameraman . 
  it 's not `` almost '' perfect , it is perfect . 
  we are fucked ... 
  chips, 
  our solar system . 
  i spin my head right round , right round , when you go down ... 
  someone that has lost a competition , duh . 
  no , i am not being serious ... 
  wow , why do you have such a giant keyboard ? 
  is this a tiger baby or a kitten ? 
  wow , that was ancient viva tv . 
  2 years and 10 months, 
  i am feeling happy seeing this . 
  it 's a beautiful new world . 
  you download the app and open it . 
  it will tell you when it will happen ... 
  \u662f means `` to be '', 
  and \u5341 is `` ten '', 
  too much cod ... 
  that 's some fine physics . 
  workes in austria . 
  so wobbly , but so sharp . 
  yay, 
  at first i thought the duck was swimming in milk . 
  delta heavy did it nicely with this video !, 
  just a reminder , next time always use a banana for scale . 
  thx . 
  riiiiidge raaaaacer !!, 
  when you drift , you are faster then the others . 
  this subreddit is unavailable :(, 
  so you ended up like the guy in this meme ? 
  what 's the difference between bluelight filter and twilight ? 
  the black doggy is so innocent . 
  herpes a potato, 
  freedom, 
  this sunflower is the only one noticing the cameraman . 
  slipping, 
  a bit of the slowmo effect added would have been perfect . 
  just look at the video title and description . 
  there 's not a bit german at all and i could n't hear anything german in the video either . 
  i am pretty sure it has nothing to do with austria . 
  [ dam , son ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/971/686/891.jpg ), 
  overreacting is one thing . 
  according to the `` roommate '' he noticed that you had read his messages . 
  why did n't you reply at all ? 
  if you were busy , you could have told him with few words . 
  not replying is indeed a bit rude , especially after three hours . 
  another thing i want to know ; what is the cringe ? 
  you mean the element `` db '' ? 
  now that is a duckface . 
  c'mon , tell me where the black dude is . 
  in german you can also say `` sex '' . 
  well , if you translate `` geschlechtsverkehr '' into english , then it should actually be `` sexual intercourse '' . 
  instead of `` krankenhaus '' you could also say `` spital '' in german . 
  but overall , funny video . 
  and somebody listen to this guy, 
  reminds me of blur, 
  that wiggling tail . 
  no , ter stegen did everything wrong there . 
  [ deleted ], 
  45 deep , well , anyone in the philippines opening the app will encounter immediate crashing of the game, 
  `` was '', 
  enhance !, 
  quite stiff, 
  i am using the one x. 
  it lags a bit already , but i can still use it as my daily driver . 
  a bit redditing and google + ing , ingress , it can handle those decently . 
  as long as i have my power bank with me ... 
  that 's what i always do . 
  most of them confirmed to be syrians . 
  in and out , in and out , in and o. . . 
  i am also curious about that , my carriers would only hand me over the package after i signed the confirmation that i have received it . 
  if not , they 'll will leave a note and take the package to the nearest post office/depot , and when i want to claim it , i have to show my id . 
  at the moment in ukraine, 
  in the past youtube had changelogs like that :, 
  ok , i 'll ask there , thanks . 
  pepsi and coca-cola, 
  when nobody is saying one sentence to me , a.k.a. 
  ignoring me . 
  something - azedia ( rameses b remix ), 
  i am sorry . 
  do you have a pc computer at home ? 
  i think the barber at the end could n't hold it back anymore . 
  like alabas first goal for austria . 
  fuck you , turtle !,
