  although there are people like this that do n't take depression seriously , i have concluded not to say that they 're fault , simply because this subject is not easy at all to understand . 
  that 's what their impression of depression is and may have too little knowledge about it , and i want to believe that they have no intention to actually hurt us more . 
  even as a depressed person , i would n't be sure how to react to another depressed people the right way . 
  healthy people ca n't see our dimension hundred percent . 
  and that 's when they 're just helpless in their way . 
  am still angry at sd810 big fail . 
  but as long as i do n't use my phone heavily ( which i luckily do n't need to ) , the temperature is controllable . 
  if you want to use some nougat features on the tablet , then the closest you can get to is to install xposed framework and install the android n-ify module which gives you a bit of nougat stuff . 
  sadly , splitscreen is impossible to implement through this module . 
  also , looking on xda developers forum , i can only say that the z3 tablet community is very inactive . 
  the development is little to non-existent . 
  sony 's devices are n't that friendly to develop with . 
  so , i do n't really know any end-user friendly custom roms . 
  hm , the only game i play on the z3 + is ingress which is an outside game . 
  with the help of cold weather currently , the processor will be constantly cooled down . 
  i can live with it . 
  pro tip : use facebook in a browser instead of the app, 
  when you think it 's from your mom but it 's just advertisement from your carrier . 
  actually , i had no problems with luxgaming servers ( eu ) yet . 
  yep , thanks to ingress i sometimes go out late at night to enjoy some cool fresh air and to de-stress and clear up my mind . 
  even better is to knock them out . 
  damn , in uni i use this shit a lot . 
  for example when other students ask me for help and want to know what i did with the math examples , i simply scan it and everything looks so clear . 
  better than just sending plain photos with bad lighting and what so ever . 
  why is austria squished ? 
  his profile seems to be totally reset , so he 's banned i guess ? 
  oh , my bad . 
  thought it was some kind of badly drawn eagle in the middle . 
  i really love how the nature of our world/universe is . 
  it 's just that i 'm not living it correctly and may not live it correctly forever . 
  that was also my thought . 
  money shapes the current society , i just hate it . 
  it has made us human beings evil . 
  believe it or not . 
  if you have no money you are invisible on this world . 
  [ noice ] ( https://youtu.be/4jvn36ovdks ), 
  or every time you have to scroll down a tiny bit further to select your birth year . 
   haha, 
  growing up takes ages . 
  that moment when he threw away the last stick was his absolute `` fuck it '' moment . 
  gifs of still pictures is a crime !, 
  for those who do n't want to read :, 
  should i really believe that many people are that dumb ? 
  c'mon , you take one look at the female port and one look at the male end of the cable then the `` problem '' is solved . 
  then you 'll remember this in the future for sure , if not just look at them again . 
  no glasses needed . 
  it surprises me that somebody manages to break the micro usb simply by sticking it into a device the wrong way . 
  surprise butt sex that person ... 
  there will always be somebody * til * about this word everytime it 's mentioned . 
  i also accidentally click on the user name . 
  an option to turn this off is very welcome . 
  and when you get killed you die, 
  it 's so absurd that something like a headphone jack gets all the attention nowadays in the mobile tech news . 
  it 's like some new technology or some sh * t. 
   * a lot, 
  just as a reminder cause you wrote it two times wrong . 
  i am glad that i could experience earth 's nature . 
  encrypted with truecrypt, 
  it 's the angel of death !, 
  like polished shit that is shiny now , but it 's still shit . 
  he grows a beard when he has social anxiety . 
  you 're cheating your flick with that low fps gif . 
  that camouflage pants really got me . 
  thought the scientist was floating . 
  shit, 
  congratulations , you rendered them useless . 
  unless you give them to others . 
  ftfy, 
  physics is a bitch, 
  and in the butt . 
  very nice read . 
  now i 'm afraid someone might poison you soon after you have written this . 
  i hope you 're not serious here . 
  50 shades of grey, 
  i remember that documentary , i 'm still fascinated !, 
  are you sure this is not just from an abandoned house or apartment or something similar ? 
  it 's the schr\u00f6dinger 's usb port . 
  if you think you 're having a bad day , visit the subreddit / r/depression, 
  i like calm friendly cats . 
  i 'm having a hard time finding the fucks that horse is currently giving . 
  well , i hoped that he would damage the tv , am disappointed . 
  i am pretty sure origin shows you the download file size and actual file size on the hard disk before you confirm the download , no ? 
  that guy has that zero recoil hack . 
  you can slightly see the window on the right side, 
  na , not always working . 
  thanks , did n't know . 
  a valentine 's day is like every other day . 
  why should somebody love the so more on that specific day and not everyday ? 
  valentine 's day is just an excuse to say that love is still in the air when it should actually exist all the time . 
  also it 's only about buying and gifting things on that day . 
  a good day for capitalists . 
  why not look it that way ? 
  mine turns blue :d, 
  it 's so cool you can customise such things how you want . 
  why is op 's comments getting downvoted ? 
  looks like you 're new to the internet . 
   not funny, 
  i like this more . 
  he probably means the high speed limits after an amount of data being used . 
  in austria , when you reach 1 gb ( as an example ) , the internet speed will be drastically reduced , basically you ca n't do shit with cut down speeds .
