  good luck finding an answer and solution . 
  what ? 
  3 years is still faaaaarrr not enough to visit all subreddits . 
  but this person has a fat vagina ... 
  come to the dark side and have cookies . 
  blue is my favourite colour , so yeah . 
  and surprisingly some time later the enlightened got pretty overpowered in my area , so i am glad i unknowingly chose the weaker side . 
  theorie of relativity is something that is far too difficult for flat earthers to understand . 
  do n't waste your time explaining this to them since they have by far not reached the level of understanding what the world they live in looks like . 
  so you can decide between fucking a girl or letting homer suck your dick . 
  yeah , i subscribed immediately and hoped to see some good gifs or videos . 
  then i realised most of the posts are about one viner making these videos and i unsubscribed again . 
  mase, 
  tata was so good in the old days . 
  today she squirts much less . 
  / r/slygifs, 
  what 's this other dude doing anyway ? 
  protecting or holding the victim ? 
  is this a new fetish ? 
  well , looks like cs : go competitive is nothing for you . 
  if you do n't like trying hard . 
  or power button . 
  well , the passengers and the pilot shut up . 
  weird , but i do n't know what to say . 
  did you hack these portals or at least deploy a resonator on it ? 
  take my upvote , i do n't understand people that downvoted this because of you being helpful . 
  i always think of this when seeing the words sierra leone :, 
  i feel sorry for that doggy . 
  rip , power and volume buttons . 
  why does the red mascot try to suck his dick ? 
  when the beat drops . 
  got this when setting up my zenfone . 
  i like how the third dude quickly proceeds to drinking out of his can . 
  since when are pranks ok ? 
  pranks can be as far as harmless and easily forgivable to harmful and stupid . 
  pranks are always unexpected , and only because it 's not ok to be considered as a prank . 
  otherwise it 's not considered a prank at all ( if the dude in this gif had accepted what his friends were going to do ), 
  that 's 2 penises, 
  i could n't get past the third photo , because i died . 
  use one quantum sam and let it decide witch aykraft it shud hit , it may hit both . 
  a little bit sharper . 
  like , the only thing i read here in the comments sections is people being upset that the app is not completely material . 
  very boring . 
  `` haha , just a joke ... '', 
  `` let me out , ... i want my muuuummmy ... '', 
  you really suffered ? 
  i am sorry . 
  wow , that 's a very rude email which they will very likely dismiss . 
  yeah , do n't know why the downvotes , but the hole can be clearly seen . 
  together they are stronger . 
  i have asked this question before . 
  apperently when somebody replies to your post or comment and deletes the reply quickly before your notification system even notices it , it will show null . 
  that was how it was explained to me . 
  is there a subreddit of screenshots of off topic comments on nsfw websites . 
  the 2gb version surely not anymare . 
  you can better phones in 2016 . 
  recycle it . 
  what 's nsfw about it ? 
  i guess watching this gif during work is not a big problem . 
  that is when a loop is actually not a loop , ... wait ... what ? 
  what 's the problem somebody mentioning something indirectly relevant ? 
  this will just increase the trouble in the review section . 
  like youtube comments 2.0 . 
  and ... 
  you ca n't beat stupidity . 
  true , the amazon review system is pretty good actually . 
  i like the most helpful and most critical comments sorting option . 
  arisches blut, 
  it 's falling around the earth forever . 
  how did the shiniest cookie taste ? 
  man , that smile/laugh ends war on this planet . 
  it can pop up multiple windows !, 
  and it also works smooth as fuck . 
  i think i will ditch flynx for a while and play around with flyperlink more . 
  willie washington is like a 24/7 motivated guy . 
  `` well , that 's my life now ... '', 
  learn to glyph hack is a good thing , but not when driving !, 
  bleach chocolate ? 
  i just found copycopy . 
  basically all it does is the universal copy & paste and it 's available across many platforms ( android , windows , ios , etc. ) . 
  and it 's free . 
  * throw, 
  sorry , had to mention it because it looks awkward . 
  wow , that 's how to enjoy oneself with double karma . 
  broot is still remembered, 
  the zombies of the sea . 
  somebody has to look at him so that he needs to instantly decide to go right or left of the tree . 
  this owl looks somehow strange to me . 
  is incest the fetish of the year 2016 ? 
  no , i am not the internet clown , he is ... 
  does this not look more like a train ? 
  ok , enough internet for 5 seconds ... 
  the best part is sadly always cut out on streaming sites , i really hate that . 
  interesting find !, 
  sorry , i found my mistake , not my first language . 
  i meant `` does not this look like a train ? '', 
  man , that moon was beautiful . 
  that 's going to take a long time to shave . 
  that 's passive dadjoking . 
  `` uhm , are you called * shithead * ? '',
