  does the `` free '' version still include the in app purchased pro version ? 
  does this work on xperia home ? 
  o is for on the dark side ... cause we have some fresh cookies ( cookies ) ... 
  yeah , every post about reddit apps will be about how cool sync and others are and that the official app is shit and blablabla . 
  same shit to read everytime . 
  i own a zf2 but switched to sony z3 + . 
  asus , never again . 
  their hardware is not good . 
  i used other asus devices in the past too and i feel dumb to have made that mistake over and over again . 
  if you do n't want to spend a lot of money , just wait for a good quality phone that has its price dropped after some months . 
  no , my sony was n't used . 
  did you even read my whole comment ? 
  good quality phones also will have their price dropped after some time . 
  first time seeing chile , that snek . 
  let him do his things . 
  the internet, 
  low priority bug report :, 
  ui bug : when using my tablet in portrait mode the voting buttons overlap the vote and comments counter a tiny bit ( see screenshot ) . 
  suggestion would be simply putting these buttons nearer together , or shrink them , depending how it suits you best . 
  device : xperia z3 tablet compact with android 5.1.1 . 
  i do n't see how it 's good to have so many apps with kind of similar functions . 
  at least they are dowbloadable and not backed into the system . 
  looks fake . 
  fake facebook comments ( everybody saying that it works perfectly and everybody pretending to be some kind of ceo of some company or similar ) and the download link redirects you to a survey . 
  i would n't trust it . 
  did nazi this coming ... 
  so you 100 % ly recommend ? 
  i drank a glas of water . 
  cheating is always a new kind of challenge . 
  some people simply like challenges ... 
  in my opinion this is the best and most informative post in this thread . 
  it also reflects me in some way :(, 
  what device do you have , any more information you want to provide ? 
  it could be that after locking the screen , apps will be cleared from the recents and this kills spotify . 
  patiently waiting for 2fa . 
   it 's a must have nowadays . 
  those super abilities from quantum break . 
  a grown doggo . 
  tvigle versus videos . 
  luckily their old videos on youtube are still there . 
  thanks , i was also very surprised how many here acted so rude . 
  what 's so bad to know about these little things ? 
  there is a difference between a full hack and a hack attempt . 
  some people might thing that a hack attempt already counts for the hack counter . 
  i live in austria and many here act like pussies :(, 
  what 's a pupper ? 
  is the ui bug fixed on tablet , where the up and down vote buttons seem to overlap the karma and comment counter a tiny bit ( in portrait mode only ) ? 
  well , at least op 's attention ... 
  in my country forever free . 
   who claims they never cheated, 
  yeah , sure , but then , you 're not really sure . 
  this ambulance or firetruck whatever is like `` this is my life now '', 
  but it needs to be hot as fuck . 
  butt, 
  sadly that may mean that more people of that kind exist then those who would act . 
  most of those gifs on reddit where we can see that somebody is in emergency or injured never gets help from passer-bies . 
  they just stand still and look or simply ignore and walk past . 
  this link is fun . 
  `` no , in my area it 's even worsererer . '', 
  this sub did n't love long ... :(, 
  app size increase 200 % but only with bug improvements and performance fixes ... 
  ptsd is a bitch . 
  the htc one x. 
  i do n't have it , nooooo ... 
  / r/unexpected, 
  rip his dick, 
  * you 're, 
  ftfy, 
  still weird somehow . 
  at least on my tablet . 
  or is this now just a placebo effect ... ? 
  i expected her fingers to somehow break ... 
   hey , my device not booting , need help plis immediately , its emegenzi ... heeelllp, 
  we are happy to have a person like you . 
  the laptop , computer section can be still pretty good , but the mobile section is the worst nightmare . 
  my zenfone 2 has some strange display malfunctioning so that it appears like i am seeing things double subtly . 
  and it 's still on android 5.0 . 
  nexus 7 2013 was pretty decent , the price was nice . 
  but i had many problems with the usb charging port , had to solder it at least three times to prevent loosing charging connection . 
  and the screen rotation freezing occurs every now and then since google removed some functionality to detect and check sensors every now and then in lollipop , luckily back to normal again in marshmallow . 
  also for me , never asus again . 
  `` save me ... '', 
  another ui bug i guess . 
  the scroller of the seek bar for gifs is off on my tablet . 
  man , that one second stop and prepare before kicking was nice . 
  i thought it wanted to protect it ? 
  but then it accelerated : s, 
  that 's why being under 3 years you ca n't get nice things . 
  seriously , how often is this going to be reposted , it 's the forth time i see it in this sub this year !, 
  it 's four forty nine though ... 
  ok , i 'll try , first i backup and then i should be safe . 
  do n't want to mention the negatives too ? 
  `` sootify '' sounds like an interesting app for something related to spotify . 
  this gif is so unnecessary long . 
  according to sync for reddit . 
  swiggity swooting at 0:05, 
  and i thought my phone had some adware sneaked in because i also encountered this bullshit when visiting android police . 
  more customised profiles and basically your support , nothing more . 
  that 's so raaaaarrrr ... 
  does victoria rose still make any videos ?
