  are you one of them or do you also find these reviews annoying / not annoying ? 
  are n't those 1 star and 5 stars like likes and dislikes ? 
  how would you improve the rating system in the play store ? 
  that 's why some people appear to be smart before they open their mouth, 
  laptop 1 : onethousandonehundred euros, 
  laptop 2 : elevenhundred euros, 
  if yes , what happened and how annoying was it ? 
  it suddenly went private . 
  these kind of notifications show up randomly and unexpectedly . 
  they show no content when tapped and opened in the app . 
  is this actually a bug in the sync for reddit app or a server sided issue ? 
  before writing this post , i searched the thread for explanation . 
  the last post is around 120 days old , also a guy complaining about this issue . 
  i hope i somebody or the dev could explain . 
  [ removed ], 
  neither on my desktop application nor on my android devices can i create radios with songs . 
  then also is the radio section not loading at all . 
  so there is no radio streaming anywhere . 
  this problem has started to exist since yesterday . 
  how can i disable this feature ? 
  when i want to delete photos or pictures i want them to be deleted permanently and in one go . 
  it 's a bit annoying to always have to tick the box to delete them permanently . 
  sometimes i forget to tick it and quickly tap on `` yes '' to confirm and then i have to go to the trash bin extra to delete it there . 
  some months ago ( or even one year already ? ), 
  i read some reviews of this site and pretty any customer that tried this site were not satisfied with it at all . 
  they mentioned that the support was bad and that money would not be refunded if nothing was working and so on ... 
  now i want to now if it got improved or not . 
  how does is look like there today ? 
  i mean , on this site they boast that they support many file hosting sites , but i am very sceptical . 
  any up to date experiences that can be mentioned here ? 
  [ removed ], 
  so , i had to flash a custom rom on my phone because i could n't stand the bloatwares and the shitty ui anymore . 
  i am talking about the zenfone 2 . 
  basically , i flashed a pretty good working rom based on cyanogenmod 13 which represents android marshmallow 6.0.1 . 
  it 's not the stock cm13 but is called `` bliss '' , for those who wants to know exactly . 
  ok , the problem is , the ingress app wo n't open into the game at all . 
  it is stuck on the loading screen with that fascinating spinning thing . 
  it just stays there forever . 
  i have the latest version 1.94.1 . 
  maybe somebody here who also use a similar custom roms has an idea ? 
  maybe some settings are messed up ? 
  maybe marshmallow caused something ( because i have always played on lollipop before ) ? 
  just a simple question : how big is the adobe document cloud storage ? 
  i use it quite often to upload some pdfs to the `` cloud '' which is always an option in the official adobe reader app for android . 
  never could i find the storage status of my `` profile '' so i do n't really know how many documents i can upload . 
  i just keep on uploading and creating folders and sub folders . 
  an google and adobe search did n't help to find a satisfied answer . 
  but maybe anyone here know ? 
  anybody also encountering a bug in the play store where the uninstall button is not appearing in user installed apps ? 
  i have encountered this on my z3 tablet when in landscape mode , not in portrait mode . 
  is this server side or play store apo bug ? 
  see link . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  will debranding my z3 + by flashing a generic stock firmware break the xperia care function ? 
  it seems that my phone is branded with a denmark operator , the phone is not carrier locked though . 
  and how bad is it to flash from android 6.0 to 6.0.1 without wiping user data ? 
  is this even possible , debranding and update without wiping ? 
  i am using a xperia z3 tablet compact with android 6.0.1 currently and it 's also rooted . 
  when it was on android 5.1.1 i could mount ntfs hard drives with the help of stickmount or paragon software . 
  normally when i plug in my hard drive via otg cable , nothing happens unless i manually mount them , which is normal and a good sign . 
  this time on android 6.0.1 , when i plug in the drive via otg , my device seems to try to mount the ntfs drive . 
  in the notification area i can read a notice that the drive will be checked or something similar . 
  but nothing happens after long time . 
  at the same time my sd card gets kicked out/dismounted for whatever reason . 
  then when i force pulled the otg and i try to remount the sd card , it is also stuck on checking . 
  then , only a reboot of the device would help . 
  so after update to 6.0.1 something must have changed with the mounting of externals . 
  is ntfs totally killed ? 
  even in rooted situation ? 
  or does anyone know a way to mount ntfs ? 
  this is just pure curiosity and maybe somebody knows better about this thing . 
  i guess some of you know and use xperifirm and have also seen xpericheck.com . 
  often , i see that specific devices with specific cda numbers wo n't receive the latest firmware while other cdas have the latest version for quite some time already . 
  as an example , i own a xperia z3 tablet compact ( sgp611 ) and i sometimes go to xpericheck.com on my phone to see what the latest firmware version for this device is . 
  and if i look at say cda number `` 1290-4947 '' which is customized de , i see that it has updated recently . 
  but when i scroll down a bit and look for e.g. 
  `` customized fr/ce1/ch '' with the exception of special variants , they are still on a very old firmware with an old android version . 
  my tablet was initially customized blx if i remember correctly and it 's apparently still on version 23.4.a.1.264-r1c . 
  of course , i am more familiar with android firmware flashing and manual upgrading , i have flashed the newest firmware already which also changes my cda number without consequences ( luckily something that sony allows ) . 
  now imaging i am not that guy who does the flashing and whatsoever , i would be stuck on maybe android 5.0.2 forever . 
  another weird thing is that xpericheck.com nor xperifirm provide the older ftf firmware file ( anymore ) ? 
  can somebody shed some light maybe ? 
  thanks, 
  for example , redditsync had to change its name to sync for reddit , why is reddit is fun not changed to fun for reddit ? 
  simply curious . 
  [ removed ], 
  when are they going to fix this too aggressive power saving feature ? 
  it 's a pain in the ass that i had to go through all the app 's power setting and turn off this `` allow swiping notifications away '' thing so that i can receive emails , use twilight , weather notifications , pushbullet , etc. . . normally . 
  it 's nice to see that zte keeps pushing updates to us to fix bugs , but do none of their developers notice this annoyance like apps not working in the background as they should ? 
  it 's my first day using that phone and i freshly set up ... 
  since in austria street view does n't exist , how do you judge these portal candidates and decide if they should go online or not . 
  do you prefer rating three stars if you ca n't confirm the location ? 
  all of our neighbors have street view more or less , but not us . 
  just being curious . 
  it 's very irritating . 
  i want to decide when to scroll down the page . 
  i live in austria and recently received the 8th version of google play store on my zte phone with android version 7.1.1 , latest update available . 
  now , as far as i know , there is a new feature that shows changelogs directly on the updates section by tapping on a small down arrow ( according to some screenshots i saw ) . 
  i do n't see it after the update .
