  a spider with nine legs . 
  creepy . 
  what does that last photo mean ? 
  to be honest , how can you ever have fun with this guy in any match ? 
  butt , why ? 
  i somehow always feel lonely despite having few friends . 
  i might be just like you ... 
  i actually enjoyed that 6 sec limit , it should have been quick and funny/entertaining . 
  now with 2 minutes i get bored fast even if the video is high quality content . 
  i have youtube or vimeo for that . 
  maybe an epilepsy warning would be great ? 
  why should i know why you would remove it ? 
  maybe op has did ( dissociative identity disorder ) ... 
  just do n't do it in any universities in any country at all . 
  this is plain noob move . 
  batt le field . 
  still funny that you can read the word `` you 're '' after all . 
  so ... what if she needs to go to the toilet ? 
  uhm , how so ? 
  unexpected would be if the guy stabs the real hand . 
  but then it would be nsfw . 
  she looks a bit like miranda cosgrove but thinner . 
  maybe she deleted the photo simply because the comment or reaction to her photo had annoyed her and she did n't care whether or not the pic is on facebook ? 
  what messaging app are you taking about ? 
  i somehow read `` fine farts '' , made no difference anyway, 
  you can see some are interested in that dog and some not . 
  rash b, 
  so that we can laugh about it here, 
  you 're not walking `` away '' when you 're turning 360 \u00b0 ... 
  as long as you 're not upset about it , it 's nothing special . 
  but then the same thing goes the other way . 
  there is also a linux circlejerk you know . 
  people who think that when using linux distributions they smarter or more computer literate or simply being `` better '' . 
  then writing something like `` m$ '' in the comments . 
  for fucks sake , just use what you 're comfortable with . 
  to understand anything on reddit is a 50/50 thing . 
   biiiiiiiiiiiiitch, 
  ftfy, 
  twitter worked for me though ... 
  well , you decide if you want to play ingress or not . 
  would rather go with a surface . 
  probably this guy is more worried about being a good or bad player than having fun . 
  wow , that 's awesome for that price !, 
  no , he is not bullshitting . 
  did you even check the review section ? 
  looks like we 're not in the same [ country ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cxvctrj.png ) . 
  no need to be upset about that . 
  also , you suggest that i do n't like pirated content . 
  well , whatever you imagine . 
  i do n't know if this is true , but sometimes you may notice that an app has more ratings than reviews shown in the play store . 
  that could be simply that it 's split up in to different countries/languages and you only see those that come from your country or a restricted area . 
  but this makes sense because for example somebody from great britain would n't understand arabic reviews , etc. 
  then , from country to country there are different rules for p2p trafficking which might explain the different experiences of this specific app . 
  either way , in my opinion , reading play store reviews wo n't help most of the time because often there are 5 stars reviews with comments like `` wow , this app rocks '' or 1 star reviews with comments like `` wow , this app does n't even deserve one star '' ... that gives very little info about the quality of the app . 
  these comments are just very very low level . 
  you can simply stop playing and do n't have to be afraid that your account might disappear . 
  it will not . 
  i am also one of those casual players that do n't want to take this game seriously at all . 
  in the end you 'll waste power and time , if you 're a solo player . 
  so , basically i only play ingress if i 'm sitting in public transport and have nothing special to do . 
  although i have done this few times at the beginning of the game , i will not likely walk out of home only to play this game anymore . 
  it was fun at the beginning when leveling of up , but now that i 'm lvl 14 already , i decide not to push for the next level any sooner . 
  just casually playing when i 'm on the way from a to b and that 's it . 
  it wo n't get boring for me and i do n't have to worry about portals getting destroyed or whatever serious ingress players worry about ( there is one opponent that would recharge his resonators instantly when i attack them a bit at any random time , which i find crazy ) . 
  well , i do n't want to live his life and i do n't care . 
  btw , i started this game when it was still in closed beta stage and i played like for several months . 
  next , i stopped playing completely because i got bored . 
  a year and more passed , and then i started playing again anytime i feel i want to . 
  that 's pretty it . 
  like air . 
  love sound of the smaw firing off . 
  depends , how well made the string is, 
  this icon looks so sexy , i like it . 
  you said bitch though ? 
  wait , are you also that guy that plays bf4 with this strange username ? 
  and safer too . 
  if possible somehow get a 128gb ssd . 
  a 22gb is just far too small . 
  nice !, 
  i am glad i still have fun playing bf4 with a 30mbps connection . 
  that 's nothing new i think . 
  it was dog . 
  fuck , is it spinning right or left ? 
  too bad you do n't find a match on a safe earth . 
  well , the heat wave was completely missing ... 
  twrp has nothing to do with root though ... 
  does it mean pigeon is deaded ? 
  `` need to touch him '', 
  every dudes biggest challenge in the public . 
  welcome to ingress !, 
  i hope you have fun . 
  / r/expected, 
  somehow for me it seems like that people come to this subreddit only to complain everytime . 
  same with windows . 
  anything that is positive about the product do n't get as much upvotes as the negatives . 
  or if you want to talk logically you still get bashed . 
  ~ ~ maybe cut off power supply ?? 
  is that not possible for you ? ~ ~, 
  edit : oops sorry , i thought you wo n't use the pc in that time . 
  how he drifted into the base , wow ...
