  art, 
  at least let them save themselves . 
  if they do n't hype in this case , then htc really is dead by now . 
  you feel much better getting fisted by air pressure ? 
  hug him as tight as possible , he will feel better soon . 
  rest in p ? 
  for android too . 
  hey , as an austrian , i might understand `` onhygi\u00ebnisch '' . 
  does it mean being dirty ? 
  in german it is `` unhygienisch '' . 
  why not local dad ? 
  i live in austria and i have to pay about 30 $ for 30/6 but includes phone . 
  ok , but i could n't know . 
  every single reddit user is a legit source itself . 
  i mean , are n't there many scientists on reddit because many ask for and do science daily , so they must be smart and know many things . 
  more like security patches rather than fixes . 
  i still use pushbullet . 
  but with an addition of copycopy for free universal copy and paste . 
  / r/expected, 
  and this lady had her worst new year ... 
  iron man had metal surgery . 
  that ending, 
  does n't the update include february patch level ? 
  uhm , this lady apparently ? 
  is the document cloud the same thing as creative cloud ? 
  sadly , it does n't look like creative cloud is part of document cloud . 
  i tried to check how much storage i have used , but it says 0b out of 2gb . 
  this does n't make sense to me because i have uploaded a bunch if pdf files for a long time . 
  you think pdfs are hidden ? 
  does n't make sense ... 
  and that 's how i feel a bit embarrassed about my country . 
  yeah , that 's fancy looking for awhile . 
  bet the `` sister '' is trying so hard not to laugh . 
  why not thank the dude in the picture that managed not to let the glas fall ? 
  i like that smooth looking back . 
  is this a shitpost ? 
  [ ] yes [ ] x no, 
  damn , i bet when i was 5 i still would n't understand what you just wrote . 
  i would have kept on asking why ? 
  why?why ? 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  that 's newton 's third law , but has not much to do with magnets here ... 
  i checked out this sub and i have noticed that lame gifs are getting more upvotes than some decent ones . 
  for the first time visiting it and already notice the quality loss ... 
  really ? 
  wow , so little ... 
  welp , i wo n't even get bronze then ... 
  i love it when people downvote somebody that only wants to help correcting grammar or vocabulary . 
  so ignorant . 
  stick the dick into it, 
  you can see her soul running out of her pussy . 
  does it prevent me from clicking the install button when i want to install apks , which means that i have to disable it ? 
  they do n't need to care . 
  because it works . 
  i finally got premium and i am happier than before . 
  will you cover her in white out too ? 
  or ... line , bow tie , line , right, 
  that reaction speed of that dude standing beside ... 
  thanks for sharing your experience !, 
  the beginning of the video looks promising , but later it gets annoying the more useless `` features '' are presented . 
  it 's like he 's in straight jacket . 
  who says that there is a `` best '' file manager ? 
  i also like using solid , but there are different kinds of file managers out there . 
  yeah , i live in australia . 
  these dogs received fucks . 
  dude , on reddit you 'll never understand downvotes as well as upvotes , they do n't always make sense . 
  lpt : when visiting china , do n't visit china . 
   ftfy . 
  ftfy, 
  it 's somehow interesting to see how two people stepped back after that dude flew out of the train although there was no immediate threat . 
  shut up , that 's how physics work from now on . 
  got it on jupiter . 
  they hate the water very much . 
  i do n't know why . 
  when i need to talk to strangers . 
  i am also austrian here . 
  wow austria so hot right now in this thread ... 
  not easy to believe . 
  try this on your android phone and you might see an easter egg . 
  usa numba 8 , ok ? 
   i 'll get downvoted for enjoying it i 'm sure , but ... 
  please , do n't write like this in the future . 
  just write your opinion . 
  we want to know what you think about it , not when we are going to start with the voting . 
  c'mon , why is xda leaking here ... 
  na , it 's mexico now . 
  / r/germany has started anschluss, 
  man , am i jealous that you guys can get it for free . 
  version 10.7.41 . 
  i can only see the third one . 
  z3 tablet with android 5.1.1 . 
  edit : now i can see the first one too . 
  the second not . 
  this lady is mentally unstable . 
  yes , because i do n't have the game . 
  that 's fun on touch screen devices . 
  i can open this up on my pc and nobody will notice at the first glance what this could be . 
  well , my `` retards below '' post got deleted by mods , 
  if it got shit and you complained but nothing truly happens then do n't play it anymore nor whine .
