  ... which not everybody uses + google maps in my country has pretty much no neat features like in us and a. 
  i want to use my phone as a phone and not a computer . 
  if they want to improve something they should try hard to improve battery efficiency and battery capacity . 
  what 's the use if you have a phone with 16gb ram in the future and many people think that more free ram is better although it literally would mean that they are useless . 
  austrian here , we discussed in the history class about what had happened before ww2 and how it became possible . 
  we did n't talk much about the blitzkrieg itself ( which country when the nazis overran and like that ... ) but more about the rise of the nazis , especially the holocaust , the resistance during the nazi time and disappearance of austria . 
  then we talked a tiny bit about the dropped atomic bombs , but more about the alliances between countries . 
  and then we feel ashamed that hitler was born in austria and wondered for fun what would have happened if he had become a painter . 
  austria still is n't like germany that wants to 100 % accept the fault of what had happened before 1945 because we tend to see ourselves as the first victim of the third reich and that we could n't do much to `` prevent '' it . 
  austrians talk about this subject openly in schools and make apologies without hassle , but there is still this subtle uncomfortable feeling if somebody says that `` we are also fault '' to some kind if degree . 
  finish, 
  that animation is too long , unless it has something to do with google now . 
  me too . 
  i guess asking the developers of twilight will help you a bit further . 
  might be a bug of their app . 
  i have the latest supersu beta . 
  since android is attempting to mount the drive , stickmount wo n't detect anything so i ca n't go further . 
  custom rom support for my device is pretty non existent . 
  this was the most boring game ever and it 's a pity that croatia that suddenly had more chances near the end did n't win . 
  :( bad luck . 
  0.50 $ in austria . 
  are there any new videos , i think i 'm subscribed but have never seen a new video for so long . 
  to soon, 
  sony is really awsome in the software section , that 's for sure . 
  i have visited prague and i actually like it . 
  it 's just ... different , that 's why . 
  and he took the shot and he scores magnificently !, 
  wow , first time i do n't see a reply of the reversed one . 
  itt : north americans hating sony even more since they 're going to defocus on something that `` they have n't focused on '' at all . 
  with this attitude , sony will give even less fucks about it . 
  so even when blue light is turned on you ca n't go fast as you need to ? 
  in my country , when blue light driving in emergency situation , no traffic rules apply , only that red lights are treated as stop signs and the law of physics is the limit . 
  i think any person with a driving licence are trained not to drive recklessly . 
  can somebody edit it so that he falls forever ? 
  to not try to blo out the fire . 
  better escape . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  if you have her as girlfriend your life expectancy is drastically reduced . 
  that 's a very salty gaming community ... 
  that first gif cut though ... 
  i did n't want to sound mean and i did n't expect my comment being taken so seriously . 
  reading his/her comment , it looks like this person gets confused or irritated so easily that it sounds like completely exaggerated . 
  it 's reddit , you get it ? 
  that 's beautiful !, 
  hm , my big mac today was actually pretty nice . 
  not that `` squashed '' . 
  also , i 'm not in the usa , so , there might be differences . 
  really wished that something like this would be implemented . 
  are you sure the battery is fine and so on ? 
  man , i just got the game . 
  i am so excited to play it . 
  yes , there is android marshmallow for zenfone 2 already . 
  but i think it 's still a beta . 
  and i do n't think that cm has implemented the patch / fix yet . 
  i am not using the zenfone nor cm13 anymore so i 'm not 100 % sure about this now . 
  fix oida, 
  any more ? 
  it 's so annoying that it gets rubbed in my face all the time . 
  it 's not only limited to reddit anymore . 
  i do n't care if it 's one or two days where everybody is excited about it , but it looks like that this going to last longer . 
  is there source ( video ) ? 
  `` but i like the beat '', 
  from ballsack to fabulous, 
  i am still rocking my z3 tablet compact and it is still running smoothly on android marshmallow . 
  so the z4 is even better ... 
  may i know how big the storage of your phone is ( without sd card ) ? 
  what kind of phone do you have ? 
  does n't adb literary mean `` android debugging bridge '' ? 
  anything can be a dildo, 
  wow , i thought they were simply yellow marshmallows . 
  yeah , it 's like , it will surely happen again , to be very honest . 
  those on the top will promise more security and safety and whatever like fighting those bastards back and do something against it . 
  but it still happened . 
  and again , many died , and again it has happened and again people died . 
  news goes crazy and then sometime in the future it 's going to repeat . 
  nothing has changed at all . 
  what if you kick too high and far away ? 
  free balls for the bear ? 
  have a downvote for saying that you 're getting downvoted and attempting to rescue yourself by saying that that you do use chrome . 
  what a lame and cringe edit ... 
  just f ** write your opinion , we appreciate it , and do n't care about f ** karma , c'mon ... 
  this kills my sleep, 
  i 'll have to agree . 
  they are very bad in making mobile devices . 
  beside my zf2 even my nexus 7 had to suffer some hardware failures ( sensors stopped working , charging port lost connection to mainboard , nexus logo falling off ... ) . 
   can you read ? 
  ftfy, 
  ... or suicide bomber ... 
  they never exited ? 
  not a single board could hover ... 
  an old kid . 
  human being 's stupidity . 
  just go to your carrier shop or service center and get a new one . 
  i got mine immediately when i asked the people working there . 
  they quickly registered and activated a new nano sim for me and my old one is deactivated within minutes . 
  man , you said it , people here are very upset . 
  uhm , ... i would like some toilet water , please . 
  doing the civil service in my country :-), 
  that 's somehow very cute . 
  wrong , my phone has a sensor that locks the screen automatically when putting the phone near something .
