  it repeats and repeats and repeats and ... 
  i am surprised i went through all that . 
  cough . . '' / s '' is for ... uhm `` seriously '', 
  that 's nasty . 
  * such is life *, 
  what 's that advice suppose to be ? 
  i can only say that the biggest problem here is the perspective . 
  and it depends on how much one can tolerate the other 's . 
  very , very complicated subject . 
  it 's easy for you to say that it 's your life and you decide either to stop it or not . 
  it 's extremely difficult and uncomfortable for the other to accept it ( expecially those who are close to you , whether you notice it or not ) . 
  and of course at the same time , it 's less a problem for the others to say that living on is the only logical way to do , while for you it may be something unbelievable ( ? ) . 
  both , you and the others will likely never stop trying to convince the other with ones own opinion . 
  opinions that are totally different . 
  this is when the word `` selfishness '' comes in . 
  but i am not here to say how much selfishness is good or not , because it will open up another subject . 
  you 'll notice that not everything is easy to explain , and by no mean will i claim that my comment here is hundred percent true . 
  70 bananas ? 
  people kill ... 
  guns !, 
  that title hits me hard . 
  so i 'm not the only one thinking that a little bit of encountered happiness is nothing but temporary things ... it 's always too short , and the opposite situation can exist whenever it wants which is just sad ... 
  what i just did . 
  playing video games and eating all the chocolate biscuits ... 
  christmas and new year repeat and repeat and i hardly have any feelings for it . 
  i just feel lonely and i 'm not wondering . 
  all i think is `` it 's ok , let 's see what comes next ... '' . 
  you 're a medic anyways . 
  i recommend you to watch the latest video by cyriak on youtube . 
  then why are you in this subreddit ? 
  if windows has always been shit for you , you could have left much earlier and use linux or whatever alternatives exist . 
  my man !, 
  i think a mentally unhealthy can not always realise if he/she is healthy or not . 
  i got clothes and some chocolate too . 
  but i would n't be mad either if i had gotten nothing . 
  something is wrong with the comments section ... am i out of the loop ? 
  is n't that pretty much why a third-party launcher is called a '' * third-party * launcher '' after all . 
  they are additions and not always interesting for regular users ( which we tend to forget ) . 
  there is a difference between being lonely and feeling lonely . 
  the latter is always worse . 
  there is something called cyclothymia which is a much weaker version of bipolar disorder . 
  so that you do n't have to quickly assume to have bipolar disorder or similar . 
  of course it has something to do with manic or hypomaniac episodes . 
  true , but then , we are not experts and could n't observe op for a longer period of time . 
  so it 's just wild guessing . 
  ah yeah , that 's almost always the most upvoted comment everytime such a post comes up . 
  you 're also here for the * sweet sweet * karma right ? 
  that face got smashed tho ... 
  you saved yourself, 
  op does n't understand why a banana is the only real scale . 
  and you are likely to be manipulated by any kind of news that can ever exist in the www that easily . 
  eating and sleeping at the same time . 
  that dog is in heaven . 
  but your username says something about anger ... 
  music is like medicine for me that can instantly heal me for a short time . 
  enjoying the view of her pussy ? 
  still working !, 
  thank you . 
  and i 'll spend new year being sick . 
  it ca n't get worse . 
  at least the weather is nice today , that 's what makes me feel a bit better . 
  sleep tight pupper . 
  that 's funny , i also received a photo in a whatsapp group where the thumbnail of it showed a red button with the text `` press here '' . 
  that 's just a regular picture which may show more content if it 's expanded . 
  you were being paranoid i guess . 
  that australia , right ? 
  that the reason they could stay so low . 
  it 's a good sign to feel awesome on years change . 
  that 's not really a justice i wanted expect ... 
  it 's called air pushing . 
  ooh , holy shit , that 's what i 'm thinking and imagining too !, 
  i imagine that i am that person standing on some kind of metaphorical edge/border and using binoculars to look into the area of happenings . 
  it 's like i 'm only an observer that never stops observing everything possible , but be never part of the others , the happenings . 
  i really , really do n't like the slow speed of that smaw and the rpg in this game . 
  it just looks ridiculous . 
  but great shot here !, 
  battlefield has just awesome animations . 
   the better it gets , the more it hurts . 
  that 's one of the things i notice everytime . 
  since every situation we are aware of is relative , we will always crash hard , because we are stuck to our depression all the time . 
  it pulls us back to it . 
  it 's sad ... 
  better increase the fov even more to keep distance to the tnts, 
  for the healthy it could be , for us depressed it makes sense if it 's the other way around . 
  this sadly makes the balance of our universe . 
  you 'll hopefully realise that that 's the reality of `` another person '' dealing with people with depression . 
  it 's not easy . 
  she treated you like shit , you ca n't know if it 's intentional . 
  patience is the keyword , and despite it sounding that simple it 's sadly not . 
  what do you expect in a sub full of depressed people to answer ? 
  it 's like , they tried so hard to jump that high . 
  ftfy, 
  ftfy, 
  that 's how soundcloud does , i do n't see a big problem here either . 
  how can the payment process if time is frozen :p, 
  i like this comment the most . 
  what i really hate are all those annoying references on reddit . 
  my life . 
  there 's only one in this world . 
  i really do n't understand why this post got so many upvotes , i must have missed something , right ?
