  nobody wants that . 
  a new kind of trojan ? 
  sorry , i have to ask . 
  where does all the over 9000 upvotes come from ? 
  what is so special about this post in comparison to other ones ( even those that may have deserved more attention ... ), 
  this is a ignorant question , so i apologise . 
  i was stupid and thought that the face was totally erased . 
  which kind of looked funny . 
  this is quality photoshop . 
  that 's the fucking problem . 
  people want freedom , but then act as assholes . 
  what a dilemma . 
  i actually use spotify a loooooot . 
  but i only have 1gb data plan . 
  the good thing is that my carrier has some kind of contract with spotify , so streaming spotify music on data plan does n't count towards my 1gb . 
  and i only like pay about 20 $ / month , yes spotify included . 
  so i still do n't need more than 1gig . 
  unless i play a lot ingress . 
  `` uhm , what 's the eta ? '', 
  i have a sony xperia z3 tablet compact and this tablet is way better than the nexus 7 2013 . 
  it 's also 8 inch and the build quality is very good . 
  uhm , what do you say about austrians ? ... 
  what if it 's not a keyboard issue but a touch screen issue ? 
  please do n't call a gopro a selfie stick , god dammit . 
  a caliphate in antarctica , interesting ... 
   it 's parents being awsome, 
  even the fakery is fake, 
  i always thought hackers are actually the `` good guys '' while the `` bad ones '' are called crackers ( cracking things ) ? 
  can anyone explain why this player is so special ? 
  i just wanted to know if he is an important character of the ingress storyline ( which i do n't really follow ) or if he is famous or whatever . 
  this is what i meant with special . 
  because i do n't know him although i also play ingress . 
  phew , no tapeworm came out ... 
  i hope my xperia z3 tablet compact wil stay solid  ( i know it 's not a phone , but still ... ), 
  wow , first time i see that nobody has replied the reverse version of this gif . 
  or flash a new rom . 
  no need to buy a new phone just to play a game from the start . 
  and then new email , etc. ... 
  i still remember that day where there was a modded version of the ingress scanner app where you could turn of most of the unnecessary animations . 
  it was a very good app that did n't support cheating features . 
  sadly niantic did n't and does n't want to support that developer who made this awesome app and instead has gone the other direction . 
  what was the name of it ? 
  i ca n't remember . 
  i think it 's the limit of files being able to be transferred . 
  not how many folders you 'll see . 
  i see all my folders . 
  f * ck , universal copy and paste is gone forever ... any alternatives ? 
  that 's the only features i used the most . 
  that 's how you lose your dick by accident . 
  yeah , health is a very important thing . 
  just the few days ago i had like only 4 hours of sleep each day because i always studied until very late ( until morning ... ) . 
  i finally did achieve 100 % but now i am mad at me to not have enough sleep and i do n't even wonder why i feel k.o. . 
  when i feel to stressed i always think `` no when , no want , no worry '' to myself , so that i feel a bit natural again . 
  you know , if somebody sucks at such simple math , you should laugh at his face hard ... 
  edit : jein !, 
  these ouchy ouchies on the finger must be so short you do n't even realise it . 
  oh man , that 's so funny . 
  yeah , it was maybe a bit worse than mw2 but i actually still like it . 
  there is no sci-fi jumping around and so on . 
  and the ac 130 and agm reaper was some great old fashioned killstreaks . 
  you are correct of course . 
  i do n't know why i have written that . 
  there is at least one politician who is a sociopath . 
  or there may be more ... 
  i do n't know , this is actually a very sad meaning wallpaper . 
  give this dude a break ... 
  without sauce i ca n't eat much . 
  that was looooong and i watched everything . 
  i only need universal copy and paste , that 's all . 
  since i 'm not using it that often , paying a monthly or yearly fee is not worth it . 
  ^ that, 
  doble ded, 
  / r/imgoingtohellforthis, 
  the camera . 
  i want to be this puppy now . 
  gravity sucks, 
  that 's awesome work !, 
  bad luck or somebody is mass reporting you ? ... i do n't know . 
  i drift too but i have never gotten banned . 
  or you phone 's gps is fishy ? 
  who knows . 
  so people are going to say wtf to theses things now ? 
  how are they going to survive this world ? ... 
  well , there is this guy, 
  i am wondering how mentally sick the producer felt while making this video ... 
  not referring to the sub or being a fan of pussy riot or something , but this has political meanings somewhere and somehow . 
  note : it 's getting promoted to beta , it 's not the stable version !, 
  i almost thought it 's stable . 
  and the funny part ? 
  so if somebody builds a big field but it 's not a baf yet , then they post this in this subreddit , i bet it gets downvoted to 0 quickly because meh . 
  although bigger fields take up more efforts . 
  now go and steal his idea , 
  this kid tries to catch his dog while looking back , well ... 
  he is like sitting there and enjoying his luck . 
  now / r/funny is a sub where everybody writes `` and what 's funny about it '' in the comments section to hopefully gain karma . 
  geeze , they ca n't enjoy the little bit humor . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  that looks so peaceful , i want to be there . 
  let him die peacefully , 
  yeah , polish the asses with this stuff .
