  nice specs and pretty cool to still have the ability to use a physical keyboard . 
  i have never tried a blackberry phone before and although i am not that business kind of person , i am pretty sure i can be satisfied with it . 
  it supports android apps so that 's a plus side . 
  enjoy your gold and calm down , it 's not very pleasant to read things like `` omg , i first top comment and my first gold '' . 
  you got a gold because you satisfied somebody , you do n't thank somebody who thanked you . 
  just enjoy for yourself , nobody is happy or mad about it . 
  i bet that bald guy was already staring at the kid from the distance and thinking `` c'mon , it 's going to fall , be careful of your child ... damn , the father is totally blind , fuck it , it 's happening , i need to run and save ... '', 
  edit : fixed bold to `` bald '' , i am learning new words, 
  force reboot , then reboot again , and again , then use wugfresh , then/or try manually flashing your device with google officially published factory images , try rebooting into recovery , factory reset there , clear cache , data , dalvik , worst case also the internal files . 
  if this all does n't help , very unlikely , then it would be likely a hardware failure . 
  or a hard brick , but , a hard brick does n't just happen like this ( suddenly out of nowhere ), 
  i misspelled :(, 
  not sure if `` internet explorer '' or `` in example '' , or does ie mean something else ? 
  elementalx with 2ghz is stable on my side . 
  never overclock above 2 though , too risky . 
  hold on , do n't let go !, 
  flair and nsfw tagging feature ? 
  no , this is patrick !, 
  those cute little jumps, 
  i thought that leash was her tongue . 
  would have been funnier if the green one was from that `` girl '' . 
  that lucky dude . 
  flying ; i would love to enjoy the sight of nature and the cities from above . 
  traveling is suddenly so much easier . 
  no traffic jams and annoying people around me when i am up there . 
  i would be alone but not alone . 
  nice try united states  , 
  swallowing it should n't take longer than 1 hour . 
  nice car paint, 
  that girl freaking out, 
  greed and selfishness . 
  we do n't live in utopia , sorry . 
  no problem for german speaking people , 
  it is how many of these chinese characters evolved . 
  nor austria . 
  is `` nsfw '' tagging when creating posts possible in the new major update ? 
  sometimes redditors tell me to tag something `` nsfw '' but i barely use reddit on pc and i do n't want to go to reddit using my browser . 
  if you want to download songs to make them offline on spotify , that is not possible with any hacks or xposed mods . 
  nor switching to high quality sound . 
  but if you are a person that loves listening to music everyday , getting the premium version is really worth it . 
  or try the premium version for one month . 
  if you have a tablet , you can already access to every song at any time . 
  you just need to listen to some ads . 
  i do n't want to be a party pooper here , but do n't patch good streaming services/apps . 
  patch games with in-app purchases or apps that force you to pay in-app in order to continue the fun ... 
  when i go to bed early in hope to get sufficient sleep , but then i spend too much time doing things on my smartphone . 
  and i repeat this nearly everyday although i hate this behavior . 
  exactly , just never try combining religion with science . 
  the first step for me is not to have a `` morning low '' , well , in the morning ... 
  definissibly, 
  is there a way to update the localization ? 
  for example , like via crowdin ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  that made it work again , thank you !, 
  you 're going to hear your own blood flow . 
  edit : fixed a vocab, 
  every time the sun was shining and the sky is so bright , i thought that the whole universe were brightened by our sun and turned light blue . 
  wow , that snail was very fast, 
  the snail was moving so fast that its coiled shell fell off its back before it entered the camera sight . 
  busted !, 
  go home barber , you are drunk ... 
  never having to shit or pee . 
  now , let 's animate this ... 
  you know when you see zombies appearing from the dust clouds , it 's already too late ... 
  some people have a lot of time , a looooooot ... 
  it 's just somebody 's life now , not mine . 
  its sister . 
  why would anyone downvote a request ? 
  the michaelbayed version has like over 200 upvotes already . 
  no , you do n't flash the . imgs in recovery but via fastboot commands using windows . 
  the `` good '' guy can dodge every fucking bullet , no matter whether it comes from a pistol or an ak47 or a gatling . 
  the `` bad '' guy , no , wait , ... , the bad guys ( for example ten ) , every single one gets shot in the head immediately . 
  1 versus 10 , who wins the fight ? 
  correct , always the 1 . 
  that i have to get out of bed because i need to pee . 
  it is now fixed and will be included in the future update . 
  my nexus 7 ( 2013 ) has n't received the 5.1 update yet , and i already want 5.1.1 ... 
  i actually want to see more of these kinds of videos . 
  `` fuck my shit up '' might be my next haircut . 
  that 's because most of us read from left to right . 
  but adding a toggle to switch sides would n't be bad . 
  a mouth . 
  that 's not how tldr works ... 
  i like how the schnauzer 's tongue has dropped out , so cute . 
  what on earth is wtf anyway ? 
  dude is like `` this is boring , i 'll pass ... '', 
  apparently , one out of six cats forgets how to lick . 
  ballsacks and boobies , ballsacks and boobies ... !, 
  origami . 
  ... and then cried a bit ... 
  i agree , i might say that a 14 % is `` ok '' in the sense of improvement , but , still not enough overall for `` pretty good '' . 
  so , does it mean he should shut up about the audio latency topic just because you only want to mention the builds ? 
  on the internet ? 
  a labrador is always cute , they have that cute face, 
  where is my fucking phone ? 
  i bet somebody would like some `` yesyesyesyesno '', 
  buy 1000 cheeseburgers . 
  i would be looking for qwertz keyboarded phones :p, 
  this phone : microsd up to 16gb, 
  today 's phones : microssd up to 128gb,
