  i too always think of that online radio service xd, 
  why you do this ? 
  kudos to the cat that stayed calm . 
  how would they react to hotkinkyjo ... hm ... 
  yeah . 
  just unwrap it , go into your garden with it and dig out the hidden xbox present . 
  i would travel to different countries and throw a little stash of money to real homeless people and hopefully make them happy . 
  do n't forget phaeleh, 
  so did you have to vomit bloody anal vomit because of this awful shaky gif ? 
  i have read in the past ( on reddit ) that it was actually not shopped and was a real accident ? 
  maybe not aired but does exist ? 
  maybe it was just a dream that your laptop had an orgasm . 
  fire under water will not work though ... 
  or call spongebob, 
  this kills the . 
  why should a case stink ? 
  do you always buy bad and cheap ones ? 
  sorry , english is not my language , i kinda mix them up . 
  thanks for correcting it . 
  yeah , the new rule here is to ignore spoofers . 
  since niantic wo n't / ca n't do much about it and at the same time there are too many false positives , you can only be a bit angry about it for a while . 
  but i do n't recommend to take this game too seriously . 
  you ca n't get over it , you lose . 
  if you ca n't get over it or deal with it , you have already lost . 
  i know this is just an anger post , but you seem to be very upset about a very simple game . 
  watch britney spears in south park . 
  imagine you get sucked in and then you struggle to get out ... 
  smack shaving cream into their face . 
  man , i want to eat it . 
  * winff, 
  i also recommend xmediarecode . 
  that 's only a temporary wall and it 's used to hide a construction zone . 
  bacon . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  i also thought of that ... 
  because it 's unusual . 
  there are people who are not only saying wtf because of some brutal , scary gore things but to things that are uncommon , not expected in normal daily life . 
  man , nokia 5800 xpressmusic was like a whole new world for me . 
  i always tried to install themes and other customization on that thing . 
  the truth gets mixed up with lies , at last we ca n't find the truth any more because lying and false information is easier to create than the counterpart . 
  most of the redditors here claiming to know what is happening in the middle east and or who is lying or not actually do n't know the real truth . 
  also i do n't know who is right here . 
  because even the media ( internet , radio , tv ... ) ca n't tell us the correct real things . 
  russia is telling the truth ? 
  who knows ? 
  turkey is fighting isis ? 
  who knows ? 
  turkey will keep on claiming they are against isis . 
  the kurds know that that 's their oil ? 
  what if it 's isis and kurds oil are mixed up and even they do n't know ? 
  one article sadly does n't make you a bit smarter unless it 's the truth , but truth needs verification , and a verification is a very rare thing in this world . 
  to those who downvoted , what 's wrong with this sentence ? 
  are you all as salty as this guy ? 
  i somehow laughed hard at this `` this is a super light weight aosp ... bla bla, 
  it 's true too actually . 
  so , did you receive this `` gooogle '' phone ? 
  i do n't believe you !, 
  that sheep is so cute and fluffy . 
  maybe the person with you now ... is not your real wife !, 
  worst setting ever . 
  found a crazy redditor on this subreddit : mrjoesteam, 
  where is the face ? 
  you do n't mean the bottom right one or ? 
  they just needed some fresh air . 
  i see it . 
  but i thought there is another face somewhere else that would make me jump or something and let me say wtf . 
  it 's sad that this person had decided to take his life during turn of the year . 
  depression sucks . 
  how long is this gif ? 
  is it going to end ? 
  is there a subreddit for `` you tried '' gifs ? 
  the last car decided to join in too . 
  the only misspelled word is `` peestol '' , lame . 
  hm , right . 
  but still not broken enough to sound russian . 
  where do you live ? 
  that also means this sub is gon na die fast . 
  sudden diarrhea to the nose ? 
  milk is coming soon . 
  edit : sliiiiiiiiiiigghtly, 
  oops, 
  i uninstalled deletable apps and disabled apps that ca n't be uninstalled but are still bloat in my eyes . 
  then i put nova launcher over zenlauncher and the phone works quite ok now . 
  i have never really used the zenlauncher so i do n't know how it performs in the long . 
  the sad thing is that this phone is stuck on android 5.0 forever . 
  not a single x.x. 1 update was ever released , just some asus ' own updates . 
  the good thing is that android monthly security level update is applied regularly and in time . 
  now i hope that , because it seems like asus intends to skip all 5 . x.x updates and go for 6 instead , the zenlauncher will be improved , maybe made like near stock , properly debloated and i am optimistic that this phone can be more beast than it is now . 
  zenfone 2 ( btw , i meant the flagship with 4gb ram and 2,33 ghz version all the time ) has good hardware but the software is a real turn off . 
  this sound like a very rare case . 
  can you provide a screenshot of the email communications ( of course with personal information censored ) ? 
  also did you investigate carefully into your case ? 
  what did you do in the past with google payments ? 
  did somebody hack your google account and made a lot of purchases for example in the play store ? 
  failed transaction with apps still being installed . 
  maybe you purchased and returned too much . 
  the op does n't provided any or to little possible reasons why your account is simply suspended . 
  in my country the police wo n't simply come at my house and arrest me without reasons . 
  edit : if you are really innocent in this situation then i am sorry you have such a bad luck . 
  i ca n't help you any further then .
