  that 's actually a problem i always remind myself . 
  what if both sides think that its bothering the other person . 
  sometimes i wish that my friends will contact me and i do n't want to be the only one initiating the contact everytime . 
  but then i should n't be too surprised if that does n't happen . 
  because i remind myself that if that other person is like me and he/she is waiting for me to contact them too , then the connection would theoretically never be established . 
  but sometimes i also also notice ( could also be just my exaggerated thought ) that whenever i try to , let 's say , contact my friend so that we can meet up , they always decline and say that they 're busy or that it should be `` another time '' , and then i am immediately discouraged to ask them first ever again . 
  where 's that ? 
  i guessed it has something to do with europe . 
  typical alps style . 
  laughed at macro usb . 
  what about jumbo usb ? 
  the earth is not perfectly round . 
  does the police really care about hijacked facebook profiles ? 
  if that somebody ca n't protect his/her own account properly , what is he going to expect ? 
  / r/expected, 
  you start vaping when somebody shoots you . 
  snipping tool is love , snipping tool is life, 
   did you just assume one of those trees ' gardeners ? 
  lol , `` reserved for sterling '' on the spineboard . 
  unless they revive you with only 20 % while hundreds of bullets fly above your body . 
  uninstall anything that acts like a overlay on your desktop . 
  you 'll need to remember what you have recently installed on your windows and remove it . 
  i had the same problem as what you have described , but i forgot what other program had caused my problem . 
  everything on the internet is real !, 
  dude , your windows is retarded . 
  hm , i ca n't really help you further , unless you do n't mind listing some of the most recent installs on your pc . 
  also , did you try repairing the game through origin ? 
  maybe reinstalling the graphic card drivers ... ? 
  i guess she had did meltededed ( ultra past tense ), 
  as an european the only nice thing about now on tap is that animation that pops up ... 
  i do n't know why , but i 50 % expected to see a dedicated pl0rn site ... 
  please give the guy the money first . 
  i do n't see any difference between the control panel from 7 and 10 . 
  thanks for being rude . 
  anyways , what has significantly changed in your opinion between these two ? 
  the icons have been updated , i noticed that , the layout is similar though . 
  ok , but these are two separate applications . 
  and i do n't understand the downvotes above , since nobody is restricted to use the `` settings '' only . 
  i want to see a country specific representation of all these weapons . 
  the aug is actually an austrian produced weapon . 
  wow , the road paint gets fresher ... 
  i think that 's not how you measure the height with a ruler . 
  i had nightmares uninstalling this shit . 
  even after using iobit , it leaves files behind . 
  also luke filewalker was annoying and aggressive as hell . 
  windows in built defender plus malwarebytes anti malwarebytes as backup - , 
  imaging these are pictures of another planet . 
  how beautiful . 
  there is whatsapp , hangout , fb messenger , viber , telegram , etc. 
  i do n't understand why anyone should be excited about duo or allo nowadays . 
  i can only imaging being hyped is the reason . 
  uhm , ... sigh unzips ? 
  they stopped their activity close before end of october 2015 , i generally hate that i do n't know what happened to interesting creators because they do n't mention anything and simply stop existing . 
  he is using nitro . 
  tell me where you see an opportunity to run . 
  sadly , it fucks up my nvidia display driver :( and i do n't know any alternative that works decently or does n't cost like hell or is at least updated this year . 
  have fun reading , 
  wait , when i read the title i thought it was about austria ... 
  although it 's a troll account ( as you 've said ) i found it hilarious to just read a random no context comment out of nowhere . 
  i 've had one spawn like two three weeks ago in my mufg, 
  flight ends before safety instructions being fully presented . 
   lol and jk, 
  maybe that 's the problem too, 
  how old are you to use these terms, 
  what about the other way round ... 
  holy shit, 
  a doggo , grown pupper, 
  - obma, 
  ... and cookies , so cake makes sense / s, 
  huh ? 
  that title ... 
  so a small doggo ? 
  that 's something i really hate about the campaign . 
  your teammates are useless . 
  this is lame ? 
  why is that comment hidden down here ? 
  my birthday is like nothing anymore . 
  i receive some birthday wishes from friends on facebook , makes me smile a little . 
  then maybe eat a bit cake and that 's all . 
  no special day , no party , no presents . 
  i just get used to it being like every other day . 
  [ sorry , but it just reminded me of this song . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/fjffzqtlwrq ), 
  if somebody downvoted this comment , i would like an explanation . 
  i am also sure flash is not completely dead . 
  wow , i expected to see this . 
  i actually cropped it to the face only and it 's more hilarious . 
  i also want to have these flappy flappy ears . 
  to realise that i can go back to sleep again because no hurry . 
  yessss , s\u00fcdtirol is ours . 
  to be honest , it 's sounds very subtle . 
  i do n't know how it 's like in your country , but where i am i know many friends/students/classmates that very likely can speak at least 3 languages in some way , and if one of them apologises for making a mistake of a language because speaking multiple fluently is not an easy thing i would see the reason . 
  but then , it 's not different than saying that it 's not his/her first language . 
  i also do n't understand the downvotes , are people going to deny that some of us enjoy girls squirting ? 
  there are far worse fetishes that we can worry about ... 
  a bit shit stuck on the butthole . 
  a falling satellite ... 
  and what is * wirefull * ? 
  that 's also what i thought, 
  holy shit , forgot that i am subscribed to this thread .
