  ok , thanks for explaining . 
  i did n't know items in capsules still count toward the total number of itmes . 
  i want to make sure that i can always fully deploy a portal alone :d, 
  this sub needs to be revived . 
  my back hurts watching this gif, 
  sync for reddit, 
  i thought of watchdogs immediately . 
  it is still warm . 
  aha , i did n't think of that . 
  lewandowski crashed the app on your phone ... 
  seriously , i can access it . 
  rapid eye naughtiness, 
  500km , that sucks huge balls, 
  op wants to suck the karma out of our balls . 
  looks like a goalkeeper saving a ball . 
  at least office apps are useful . 
  not clean master ... 
  bet you have fapped . 
  you have something against my f * cking big hands ? 
  works in austria , yay . 
  thanks for the notice !, 
  update ~ ~ your phone ~ ~ the firmware first , update until you do n't get any updates anymore . 
  how are you surviving with 100mb data ? 
  this is more like only art . 
  na , not working, 
  what 's the song name ? 
  i like the beat . 
  imaging the shock wave of the explosion against your stiff pipi . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i always read ada refactor ? 
  i mean , it 's how it 's written and called ... ? 
  why refractor ? 
  also lazify is pretty cool . 
  just to let you know , you either need an apple device or an android phone to use it , because it 's an app . 
  and it costs a little ( not more than 1 $ in my country ) . 
  i can download it for free in austria . 
  it has `` in the end '' , followed !, 
  her is ? 
  that is your problem , not others . 
  yeah , i also feel a bit annoyed if somebody sets up a cock blocking link , but then it 's my mission to go and destroy the source of the link ( the particularly portal ) . 
  and if a field is planned , then notify others about it . 
  nobody decides how others should play . 
  throwing crappy links is not against the tos . 
  uhm , and where is the problem ? 
  the second line reads a bit like `` parken verboten '' , which is german and means , well , parking prohibited . 
  there are many levels on believing or not believing that depression exist . 
  some people , well , do n't believe in it at all . 
  some believe it exist , but only compare it with sadness ( like sad face smiley ) . 
  and some believe that it is actually an illness . 
  and then there are those who do n't take this illness seriously and those who do . 
  no , i am not a psychologist , i am guessing . 
  seems like you have offended more than one fetishist . 
  welcome to earth . 
  are you not happy that stupid people are getting arrested ? 
  i think i know who is fault : gravity, 
  is her vag so ugly that we are not allowed to see it ? 
  it 's neither aww nor wtf , it 's fucking awesome looking !, 
  glad that there is a sub for that . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's so disturbing to hear that 18 year old girl laugh while talking with the bbc ( live broadcast ) over phone . 
  it might just be natural human reaction . 
  is n't this actually the opposite of trypophobia should be ( holes ) , but it still triggers something ? 
  this cat is not only an asshole but also a rapist . 
  that 's how your luggage can get stolen easily . 
  appeal , create new account or do n't play anymore . 
  oh nose , universal copy and paste was my favourite feature of pushbullet . 
  now it 's not free anymore ? 
  this dude goes crazy in no second . 
  i only play during the commute . 
  and i just got level 11 recently . 
  so , not seeing gold probably . 
  a dog indeed died :(, 
  to access or see your own profile information , you can only do this in an external browser and not directly in the app itself . 
  that is so lame . 
  he/she is `` just saying '' . 
  i do n't how it looks like in north america , but here in my country in europe , i hardly know any friends who actually actively use sms to communicate with other friends because it seems like everybody is using whatsapp ( something like viber or telegram , etc. . . ) which is an app for sending text messages using the internet . 
  every month i can use up my data plan if i want to , but the monthly 1000 free sms package is useless . 
  yeah , i send maybe 1 to 3 a month . 
  maybe ... 
  not wanting to be rude here , but i without any punctuation in this text i ca n't understand anything ... 
  what is meant here with solving a bug ? 
  thanks !, 
  that 's more comfortable to read . 
  accidentally ruined and accidentally saved . 
  you must be a mod from / r/outoftheloop right ? 
  good job !, 
  it 's more interesting if you skip tl ; dr, 
  these guys actually could n't handle the life in the so called islamic state at all and that 's why they returned to europe . 
  they are pussies . 
  damn , that explosion !, 
  turkey says it wants to defend itself , ... but from what ? 
  in general this is the most stupid move ever . 
  stupid not in the sense of making a mistake , but stupid in the sense of being so dense . 
  you ca n't blindly shoot something down without giving out warnings . 
  at least turkey tried to do this if it 's ever true . 
  sooooo , are you turned on by this ? 
  oh boy , now jihadists can double jump and fly around ? 
  so is it like force stopping the animation ? 
  that hurts the eyes, 
  do n't worry , ww3 will not happen .
