  windscribe is nice , you know ... 
  for remixes or any kind of edits , i 'll take a look in soundcloud . 
  well every virgin could try this , you know , the getting fucked part ... 
  i would n't understand why i should care about somebody that is vegan . 
  am not vegan myself , but i would just shrug at those things . 
  hey i also have that withings watch . 
  that 's a wonderful loopy sentence !, 
  good to know that you deal with suicidal thoughts , but that does n't make you 100 % right of what you just said there . 
  basically , you assumed that any suicidal person can think clearly in their situation because you generalized how suicidal thoughts are based on yours . 
  now go and rethink ... 
  and here i am sitting infront of my pc ... 
  well that a bipolar thread :(, 
  not even sure if that guy is trolling ... 
  something like / r/mypeopleneedme, 
  i 'm glad they revealed how that works . 
  1 step :, 
  live in the us . 
  if not , you can forget it . 
  it still has n't appeared on my android 7 phone . 
  / r/pingpong is not ) / r/tabletennis, 
  afterglow - phaeleh, 
  guns do n't kill people . 
  people kill ... 
  ... guns !, 
  too much fluff , i dying ... 
  i agree , the bf4 subreddit can sometimes be very circlejerky , though that happens pretty much with any other subreddits . 
  you can only try to ignore them . 
   i get the impression that nobody ever shuts down their computers, 
  huh ? 
  i do ? 
  so to break something is progress ? 
  aek with g18, 
  do you mean you ca n't locate them on the onedrive website also ? 
  can you actually delete these files ? 
  also , are you sure you 're not sharing onedrive with another person , or that somebody else but you has access to your cloud ? 
  that 's some kind of cinematic screen . 
  triple monitor or a very wide one ? 
  that 's unbelievable ... 
  guess there is no scientists here ... 
  i had the same problem in the past , then i found out that a keyboard locking tool might have triggered it . 
  basically , punkbuster does n't go well with some macro or shortcut tools ( i mean like legal ones that are not intended for cheating ) . 
  i closed the tool and the problem vanishes . 
  the most underrated tablet is the xperia z3 tablet compact . 
  but buy the 32gb of course . 
  i 'm still rocking it and the build quality is better than the n7 in my opinion . 
  if burning is not an option , microwave it . 
  na , just joking . 
  hm , definitely too much , should be around 350 $ ( the 16gb version ) . 
  though , to be honest , in my country ( austria ) it 's not easy to get a new one anymore . 
  do n't know how the situation is in other countries ... 
  so you basically assume that an average consumer should never be here ... 
  yeah , good to know . 
  also i have found out that form clock widget works very well too . 
  it even has that little animation when the minute changes . 
  next time play using battlelog and see what kind of error message you get when you get kicked again . 
  and do n't forget to restart the potatoes too ... 
  `` hey , michael here . 
  today we 're going to talk about foot-fetish . '', 
  if you like using soundcloud i recommend you audiocloud . 
  also try out soundcloud 's own app which is currently in beta and not perfect yet . 
  you 're triggering ingress fanboiiis here . 
  that 's why all the downvotes despite a legitimate answer . 
  now tell me that the most upvoted comment is an actual answer to op 's question ... 
  haha ... dodged a bullet, 
  i think it just the liquid pouring in from the background . 
  and florida is canada 's dick . 
  this kills me, 
  it reminds me that i have no girlfriend :(, 
  operation underground, 
  or operation tube, 
  by removing the coloured background ... 
  yeah , it 's like if you 're around with these two and you need urgent help , do n't expect any help ... 
  this guy sleeps, 
  why is this pic killing my phone ? 
  the table is so unnecessary long . 
  in austria i pay 13,5 $ for 17gb . 
  i do n't understand germany ... 
  pro tip : if you have just started with the test and realize you do n't understand anything , hand in the paper and leave and you have some free-time . 
  or further down, 
  when even a car had sex before you ... 
  it 's the realest of reals . 
  where is the guy with the missing arm ? 
  my situation looked like this . 
  i was able to find an axon 7 for only 250 $ . 
  considered the available features ( sd card slot or double sim , nfc , awesome front speakers , qhd screen , etc. ), 
  and still having a above average processor ( sd 820 ) , it was no doubt i had to grab it . 
  also , many people may forget that miui , axon 's skin/software on top of android , is still considered fair because there are literally only two to three bloatwares at most !, 
  of course , oneplus may have none ( have no experience here ) . 
  only thing you need to get used to is the a bit slower and more failure prone fingerprint scanner and the physical navigation keys being closer together and not backlit . 
  camera has more than enough megapixels , but the quality is average . 
  though , in this case i highly recommend any axon 7 users to use the open camera app instead of miui 's camera app to get better photo quality results . 
  in the end , nothing really disturbs me with this phone and i am glad that i bought this instead of an oneplus 3 or 3t ( also because of the low price i found ) . 
  rom development is there , no worry , but for now i do n't care . 
  gaining root is not a problem , there is a toggle in the settings to allow bootloader unlock . 
  you know , there are people outside that simply want the latest and the greatest . 
  they have the money . 
  i have always liked sony 's skin on top of android . 
  for me , it looks clean , easy and professional . 
  not like lg 's , samsungs or even ios ' skin where rainbow colours are everywhere to see and fancy icons shit ( exaggerated opinion  ) . 
  and xperia home is definitely lightweight compared to others ( with exceptions of course ) .
