need photoshoped pictures , go to cracked . 
  the first thing i noticed is that his feet did n't look normal while he walked ( i know , it 's because of going backwards , just saying ), 
  what if no !, 
  take that !, 
  why not just leave out the a ? 
  nobody needs to know there is an `` and '' . 
  because what you read is gon na make you puke . 
  dammit , why you no move ?? 
  no , i want rats !, 
  because in the us ( or other countries except europe ) the nazis are welcome ... 
  what the hell is a doge ? 
  to make it perfect , put in the key . 
  there are two kinds of friendship : the true one and the temporary one . 
  nope , you are not bear grylls ' child . 
  yeah , i wish when they come out of beta that they can enable notification mirroring for devices lower than 4.3 . 
  my htc one x can not be updated to 4.3 anymore but it can still mirror the notifications to my pc . 
  so i think mirroring to another android device should n't be such a problem . 
  is n't there a difference between linking and hosting ? 
  and what are the differences between celeb pic and mp3s ? 
  the darkest knight, 
  i know this situation very well . 
  almost every time when i am having a good feeling during exams and my handwriting looks good , the professors suddenly find a lot of mistakes . 
  but when i am nervous or in a bad mood , i have a bad handwriting . 
  and the bad handwriting is for me a sign of full of hidden mistakes . 
  but then it would turn out that my exam was pretty good . 
  but the ugly handwriting is still ugly . 
  yes , because he died . 
  did they copy this from kinky jo ? 
  2-step verification ftw, 
  everybody be like `` quick , the marshmallow is melting already ! '', 
  god dammit loreo !, 
  i hope that while google is still teasing us with preview builds , that the xposed devs have some good time to finish an art supported module . 
  i am really excited to get android lollipop and chainfire 's new supersu , but it 's going to be a hard time to not use xposed for some time . 
  how can nexus 7 ( 2013 ) be likely retired soon if even the nexus 4 will get the latest os ? 
  i know . 
  depends on how severe the injuries are . 
  and you ca n't get out of this house easily after the traps starts working . 
  luckily this was n't a nuclear power station , it could have been like the second chernobyl . 
  the reflection seems to be a bit bigger than normal , but it 's only a wallpaper . 
  damn , creamy waterfall !, 
  well , it is quite obvious now , nobody wants an empty fridge . 
  maybe she is waiting for the newest apple smoothie to be released . 
  even the spiderweb does it . 
  they are indeed never important . 
  ok , sorry , i did n't see it because i ca n't scroll through all the posts on mobile . 
  she must be schizophrenic . 
  if you cover your eyes , you ca n't see anything . 
  and for a second i thought that you came onto your face . 
  then , what are those `` several reasons '' ? 
  not my type , just saying . 
  must be those microsoft keyboards . 
  i am still used to the name hotmail , i will always be confused to see the word outlook . 
  chinese take-away ? 
  time is something created and understood by human beings only . 
  poor guy must had really bad karma . 
  now i maybe know why some footballers stay calm and do n't run around cheering after making a goal . 
  nice one . 
  but there should also be a rule where the everybody should somehow mention where those free music is available . 
  or are they only limited to us ? 
  seems to also work in austria , but i do n't know how it would look like in the swiss . 
  else instead of only germany , just name it dach . 
  ok , this is germany only . 
  read !, 
  nothing special yet . 
  i only found the album with the pop songs like you mentioned before . 
  i ca n't do it better but it 's not well aftereffected . 
  and i do n't believe blood can have such consistency . 
  lips against lips . 
  nuiice !, 
  i guess the left stream is the ultimate diarrhea ? 
  til , only go to public toilets with an erection . 
  actually , it is not an easy thing to urinate with a hard-on , because the urethra is blocked . 
  no time for the slightest angst . 
  there is something : http://www.gizmodo.in/indiamodo/what-your-sleeping-position-tells-about-your-personality/articleshow/33138321.cms, 
  those nipples are like starring at me . 
  that is not us only . 
  also works in austria . 
  also works in austria . 
  austria confirmed free too . 
  austria confirmed free too . 
  austria confirmed free too . 
  austria confirmed free too . 
  austria confirmed free too . 
  austria confirmed free too . 
  austria confirmed free too . 
  austria confirmed free too . 
  austria confirmed free too . 
  can you change `` germany '' flair to `` dach '' , please . 
  because today all germany flaired music also work in austria , so i guess they should be free in the swiss too ( i mean , why not ? 
  german language countries are actually always tied together ) . 
  dach = germany , austria and switzerland, 
  representing the german-speaking-countries, 
  i do n't think swallowing helps against pressure change in the ears . 
  yawning works for me best . 
  i noticed that when you start a video , it is on a pretty low quality at first , but later hq mode turns on and everything suddenly goes sharp . 
  i think , ist always checks your internet speed first and when you are on high speed wifi , it 'll switch to higher resolution . 
  that 's what happens all the time on my nexus 7 . 
  no , axe also exists outside america . 
  some comments of the link gave me cancer . 
  yeah , i ca n't even access the easter egg on my htc one x :(,
