  now he has to let his teammate kill him so that he respawns and chooses the correct class . 
   find out next time on dragon ball ex !, 
  sync tells me it 's not a wikipedia link . 
  edit : and no https ? 
  are you serious ? 
  server side change , and actually closed beta , but some seem to get it via apk too . 
  you can see the disappointment behind these glasses . 
  op did n't deliver ... 
  from your mom ? 
  it 's like , if anybody does this movement ( which i still find it funny , i like it ) the chance that the player is gon na miss the goal increases with no doubt . 
  anybody still remember ovi maps ? 
  we have come that far already ... name is changing in light speed . 
  looks like google fucked up well ... 
  that was a sexy snatch . 
  is this seriously whoadude worthy now ? 
  god dammit , now you killed my life ... 
  interfacelift, 
  you know what ? 
  apparently asus is going to debloat their software with the ( still after so long fucking time ) not released yet android marshmallow update , but they are going build dr.safety into the system . 
  that 's not a joke up an insult in my opinion . 
  and tiring too . 
  pok\u00e9mon go players are going to be offended here, 
  and today i enjoyed the fuck out of minesweeper ... 
  ass squirt, 
  not going to defend cheetah mobile here , but imagine you 're the vice president of this company and currently you and your team are very successful because of that app and marketing strategy . 
  how would you react in such interview if you think talking out is not a solution ? 
  it 's that colour that says it all . 
  so this post is like 1 month old already but nobody has a solution . 
  did you manage to fix it ? 
  i am currently having the exact same problem . 
  i had to laugh because the shopkeeper keeps chasing the fuck out of him, 
  and i am still tired with the pokemon go shit . 
  * too , 
  you 're also ugly on your phone ? 
  for a moment i thought my eyesight has gotten worse so suddenly . 
  somehow in the app it says that to receive app notifications , i have to be part of the insider program :(, 
  oh , i was dumb and forgot to choose the apps that i want notifications from . 
  i thought that they were all set on `` on '' by default . 
  now everything works pretty good . 
  even when i am outside us . 
  i wasted my money on this, 
  also like cod easter egg . 
   so lame, 
  ftfy, 
  and you know , wrong body type and different product makes it just super bad . 
  so nothing is fair . 
  kind of fits in / r/iamverysmart, 
  i love snipping tool , i hope not . 
  i too . 
  the semmelweis-frauenklinik  . 
  lol , i feel sorry for you you tried to explain , but the ignorance of the others overshadows it . 
  uhm , if you just give me a random website where i 've never been , i would also be totally clueless how to navigate there . 
  that 's not helpful at all and we are here to help and not act like a jerk . 
  the guy on the left is like `` hm , i should fall with them to the ground '' . 
  source please ? 
  this shit comment has so many supporters , really ? 
  sync tells me it 's a wallpaper link . 
  why is this a [ youtube link ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hg7jtja.jpg ) ? 
  as an european i will never get used to 12h clock . 
  i went to a shop and it sold the standard and the extended version for the same price , lol , of course i took the extended version . 
  that 's a mentally unstable dude on this earth . 
  i use sync . 
  scratching my balls . 
  i have never worked for samsung before , so i do n't know how to properly deconstruct and recycle these phones , it 's probably best if they were sent to me anyway . 
  would have been a classical battlefield kill . 
   large 4 inch screen for easy viewing of emails and web browsing, 
  experience entertainment on the go with mp3 and video player, 
  store more music and photos with 4gb internal memory and up to 32gb expandable memory using a microsd card ( microsd card sold separately ), 
  make each moment last with an easy to use 2 mega pixel camera . 
  sorry , but lol . 
  holy shit , this gif is made out of crayons drawings right ? 
  they just die , a normal day in russia . 
  seriously , i do n't know and i hope it 's from a tv show or something . 
  it 's not douchey , but i agree , using the tablet 's camera is just a really , really bad idea . 
  my eyes ... 
  i do n't see shit , not really fascinating . 
  it looks like it could be of some horror movie . 
  also see intel and zenfone 2 . 
  it 's still on android 5.0 and has never received a major os update . 
  this device came with 5.0 and asus is struggling with 6.0 already ... 
  i expected some jump scare shit . 
  xperia z3 tablet compact , anyone ... ? 
  i accidentally played the game through in two to three hours on the first try . 
  it 's not that long to consider something far . 
  air . 
  i planned to play for so long and not longer and i expected the game to be longer than planned . 
  but i finished it pretty fast . 
  still , very good game . 
  i have read or `` heard '' somewhere that an android one device with sd 800 or something similar actually received an official android 7 . 
  or is this just wrong information ? 
  bet they were humans in the past and are reborn as dogs . 
  pok\u00e9mon went, 
  what 's the problem of being reminded of gta ? 
  it 's mesmerising . 
  if it 's safe for work , no need to tell it 's sfw . 
  because that 's how the subname is interesting . 
  i really enjoy how you 're just here to care so much about a beta bug ... or outdated drivers ... 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://cornellajoan.tumblr.com/post/133992141213/httpjoancornellabigcartelcomproductflopisuit ) . 
  she had parts of jfk 's brain on her clothing , that was the biggest challenge to wash it off . 
  i do n't know why , but i really this kind of style .
