  something something tabletennis, 
  wait for the respond . 
  in the meantime , if you have credit cards or bank accounts connected to it , call your bank to let them close the cards or accounts or help with your situation . 
  if you have erased your bank card and have no other payment methods given on your account then it 's fine for now . 
  i do n't know if chat is available in your country , so you can look for it on the website . 
  if no chat is available then maybe use phone . 
  but if that is not an option for you , just wait for the email . 
  in my experience ( in austria it is amazon.de ) the email response is quite fast . 
  if i write to support around midday , i would receive a response on the same day . 
  if i write at night , i would receive an answer the next day in the morning or midday . 
  but this depends which amazon you ask . 
  everyone is gon na die . 
  i do n't get it ? 
  i bet op would be constantly mind-blown in / r/unexpected . 
  so , if every month when everyone installs a windows cumulative update , and everytime this breaks windows in some way , then microsoft would be in big trouble . 
  in reality that 's not the case at all . 
  you guys must have done something without being careful , or your hardware may be faulty , etc. 
  i 'm not going to deny that bugs exists in some way , small or mediocre , but in no way am update would completely break the os . 
  else we would see this on the news already . 
   itampons, 
  i 'm mostly annoyed of those r&m references in any subreddit . 
  i enjoyed the show and it 's definitely entertaining . 
  but i ca n't believe even after so many months people still comment something like `` show me what you got ... '' , etc. 
  the fan base ruined the taste . 
  though it has calmed down lately and i hope that this would happen again after every new episodes coming out . 
  not bad for storing porn . 
  i came . 
  a dog 's love . 
  christ . . 
  yeah , sure ... 
  cat, 
  just select `` i do n't have a product key '' and use windows 10 with watermark and limited personalizations . 
  i do n't know if there are other limitations , but non activated windows is n't unusable . 
  not this at least . 
  but some kind of bootleg, 
  that 's not a g502 , what a fail ... 
  that 's how reddit spreads misinformation . 
  i just auto spot with that spotter attachment , for me it 's far more responsive and effective than pressing q because of that cool down . 
  my little mangina, 
  i 'm actually surprised that my sony z3 + received android 7.1.1 . 
  and besides that stupid overheating , when it 's not overheating , the software is relatively smooth . 
  indeed apple really try to support as many of their devices as possible . 
  also thanks to their more locked down ecosystem it 's easier for them to keep on supporting . 
  they are good at that . 
   and ~ ~ kicked ~ ~ bitchslapped, 
  i tried deleting everything and even rebooted . 
  did n't work . 
  do n't know why google is so inconsistent here ... 
  the pennies are n't destroyed or ? 
  would n't that be illegal ? 
  yep , true . 
  i looked up and , in my country at least , it 's not illegal , cause as soon as the money ( banknotes/coins ) are in your hands , you can do whatever you do with them . 
  there is no law stating that money is property of the country or the bank . 
  metro 2014 is no fun at all if you 're in the south team . 
  you instantly know that nobody will manage to climb these stairs and it 's basically a 90 % chance that your team will loose . 
  first , these are my settings :, 
  stock firmware android 5.0.1, 
  rooted, 
  99,9 % stable custom kernel ( elemental x ), 
  so , the story went like this . 
  i read a book on google play books in landscape , then i put my device into sleep mode by closing the magnet cover . 
  i closed it in landscape mode and left it in landscape . 
  later , when i wanted to use my device again and i opened the cover to wake my device , the display was stuck in landscape . 
  i did n't lock the autorotation . 
  i downloaded the app `` sensor kinetics-innoventions '' to make tests of my device 's sensors , pretty every kind of sensors . 
  here are the results , i attach a link to some screenshots showing that the sensors can not be detected at all ( no numbers indication changing around . 
  if you do n't understand what i mean , try out the app yourself ) . 
  see , even the lux sensor does n't work . 
  now my screen brightness does n't adjust to the surroundings even when `` adaptive brightness '' is switched on my device . 
  fyi , i did a clean update from kitkat 4.4.4 to 5.0.1 skipping 5.0 using fastboot and official from factory image extracted system.img , boot.img , etc. , wiped data and this kind of bug is what i encounter . 
  seriously , googles update process this year is not layman friendly at all . 
  nobody should do all this flashing and wiping , factory resetting , whatever when updating an os . 
  i do n't mind because i know how to do all this . 
  edit : and after a reboot , which fixed this bug , this is what the app should normally show :, 
  could we still see `` something '' ? 
  i imaging that light would never reach our eyesight . 
  and the normal ones are those with disorders ? 
  how the hell do we define `` being normal '' ? 
  what if evolution wants us to develop in this direction and we should n't treat mentally ill humans ? 
  imaging you own a special watch , and by pressing its button everything around you stops moving except you . 
  only a limited time is available before the watch loses power and everything continues again . 
  when , how , why and/or where would you use this feature ? 
  i may sound like a child asking this question , but i really just want to know how your imaginations are . 
  nsfw stories are welcome too . 
  how did it happen ? 
  was it a small injury or a seriously big one ? 
  did you recover well ? 
  did you learn from your mistake ? 
  even if your injury is/was minor you may still mention it here . 
  i am curious how different people injure themselves in different ways at any moment on any place of this world . 
  tagging your submitted posts with flairs . 
  `` nsfw '' , or in the freemusicfindings subreddit , when i have to flair my post with a specific country to show the restrictions ... 
  to achieve this , i always have to do this in a web browser . 
  where are you ? 
  but on my phone it does . 
  syncing it manually did n't help . 
  what is luck for you ? 
  especially reviews of popular apps . 
  some people simply rate them 1 star because the app crashes after an update or when one feature is removed or because of new ui or `` not working '' , `` wtf is play services ... '' , etc. . 
  then there are people who rate apps 5 stars simply because this particular app is `` famous '' , popular and `` everyone uses/likes it '' or because it 's on the first place ...
