i really do n't know what else to tell you my man . 
  if you are not concerned with 1/4 of your entire country and 1/2 of your young men being foreign arabs and africans by 2020 , then i 'm afraid your country is already lost . 
  call it fear-mongering , but those are the statistics . 
  there 's harboring skilled immigrants for the purposes of improving your economy , and then there 's completely replacing your native population with foreign ones out of a twisted , reckless , short-sighted form of solidarity . 
  literally why are you so willing to give up your country and birthright to foreigners ? 
  shit blows my mind . 
  it 's not like you 're looking at taking in 200,000 syrians running from isis . 
  you are literally taking in millions upon millions of migrants from all areas of the middle east and africa . 
  why ? 
  the german people gain nothing from it . 
  i 'm actually laughing to myself as i 'm typing this . 
  it seems so insane to me to so willingly give up your own identity in favor of others . 
  as for the whole muslims in europe thing , you are not dealing with a population of christians who adhere to a slightly different belief-set than protestants , it 's basically an alien set of beliefs , let me help you understand the holy truths from a perfect book gifted to humans from allah : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kafir for understanding of the concept of the kafir koran on jihad ( this is like 3 % of the quoted verses , there are another 155 or so just like this ) k 8:012 set 28 , count 62 when your lord revealed to the angels : i am with you , therefore make firm those who believe . 
  i will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve . 
  therefore strike off their heads and strike off every fingertip of them . 
  k 9:005 set 33 , count 91 so when the sacred months have passed away , then slay the idolaters wherever you find them , and take them captives and besiege them and lie in wait for them in every ambush , then if they repent and keep up prayer and pay the poor-rate , leave their way free to them ; surely allah is forgiving , merciful k 9:012 -014 set 34 , count 92-94 [ 9.12 ] and if they break their oaths after their agreement and ( openly ) revile your religion , then fight the leaders of unbelief -- surely their oaths are nothing -- so that they may desist . 
  [ 9.13 ] what !, 
  will you not fight a people who broke their oaths and aimed at the expulsion of the apostle , and they attacked you first ; do you fear them ? 
  but allah is most deserving that you should fear him , if you are believers . 
  [ 9.14 ] fight them , allah will punish them by your hands and bring them to disgrace , and assist you against them and heal the hearts of a believing people . 
  k 9:016 set 35 , count 95 what !, 
  do you think that you will be left alone while allah has not yet known those of you who have struggled hard [ jihad ] and have not taken any one as an adherent besides allah and his apostle and the believers ; and allah is aware of what you do . 
  k 9:029 set 38 , count 101 fight those who do not believe in allah , nor in the latter day , nor do they prohibit what allah and his apostle have prohibited , nor follow the religion of truth , out of those who have been given the book , until they pay the tax in acknowledgment of superiority and they are in a state of subjection . 
  k 9:073 set 44 , count 108 o prophet !, 
  strive hard [ jihad ] against the unbelievers and the hypocrites and be unyielding to them ; and their abode is hell , and evil is the destination . 
  islam on lying and deceiving : 016.106 yusufali : any one who , after accepting faith in allah , utters unbelief , - except under compulsion , his heart remaining firm in faith - but such as open their breast to unbelief , on them is wrath from allah , and theirs will be a dreadful penalty 003.028 yusufali : let not the believers take for friends or helpers unbelievers rather than believers : if any do that , in nothing will there be help from allah : except by way of precaution , that ye may guard yourselves from them . 
  but allah cautions you ( to remember ) himself ; for the final goal is to allah . 
  pickthal : let not the believers take disbelievers for their friends in preference to believers . 
  whoso doeth that hath no connection with allah unless ( it be ) that ye but guard yourselves against them , taking ( as it were ) security . 
  allah biddeth you beware ( only ) of himself . 
  unto allah is the journeying . 
  shakir : let not the believers take the unbelievers for friends rather than believers ; and whoever does this , he shall have nothing of ( the guardianship of ) allah , but you should guard yourselves against them , guarding carefully ; and allah makes you cautious of ( retribution from ) himself ; and to allah is the eventual coming . 
  009.003 yusufali : and an announcement from allah and his messenger , to the people ( assembled ) on the day of the great pilgrimage , - that allah and his messenger dissolve ( treaty ) obligations with the pagans . 
  if then , ye repent , it were best for you ; but if ye turn away , know ye that ye can not frustrate allah . 
  and proclaim a grievous penalty to those who reject faith . 
  pickthal : and a proclamation from allah and his messenger to all men on the day of the greater pilgrimage that allah is free from obligation to the idolaters , and ( so is ) his messenger . 
  so , if ye repent , it will be better for you ; but if ye are averse , then know that ye can not escape allah . 
  give tidings ( o muhammad ) of a painful doom to those who disbelieve , shakir : and an announcement from allah and his messenger to the people on the day of the greater pilgrimage that allah and his messenger are free from liability to the idolaters ; therefore if you repent , it will be better for you , and if you turn back , then know that you will not weaken allah ; and announce painful punishment to those who disbelieve . 
  003.054 yusufali : and ( the unbelievers ) plotted and planned , and allah too planned , and the best of planners is allah . 
  pickthal : and they ( the disbelievers ) schemed , and allah schemed ( against them ) : and allah is the best of schemers . 
  shakir : and they planned and allah ( also ) planned , and allah is the best of planners . 
  from islamic law : reliance of the traveler ( p. 746 - 8.2 ) - `` speaking is a means to achieve objectives . 
  if a praiseworthy aim is attainable through both telling the truth and lying , it is unlawful to accomplish through lying because there is no need for it . 
  when it is possible to achieve such an aim by lying but not by telling the truth , it is permissible to lie if attaining the goal is permissible ( n : i.e. 
  when the purpose of lying is to circumvent someone who is preventing one from doing something permissible ) , and obligatory to lie if the goal is obligatory ... it is religiously precautionary in all cases to employ words that give a misleading impression ... 
  there 's really no sources to be had other than the testaments of the europeans i 've spoken to and heard from . 
  no one drops their religion and culture just because a country lets them in . 
  it 's quite silly to expect a christian to stop reading the bible after hopping a few borders , just as it 's silly to assume a muslim will stop believing in sharia just because they hop a few borders . 
  it 's common sense , really . 
  i 've walked through wiesbaden , london and france several times and have seen how `` integrated '' people become . 
  people naturally gravitate towards those who are similar to one another ethnically and belief-wise , i do n't really need to source this for you , at least i hope not . 
  i 'd similarly challenge you to provide me with government statistics of islamic immigrants converting to christian or adopting agnostic/atheistic views to further their adherence to western culture . 
  i 'd guarantee you it just is n't there . 
  even in america , where it is quite easy to integrate , i know and speak to several muslims who are still very fundamental in their beliefs despite living in a country that is incompatible with sharia and the teaching of the quran . 
  it is a marriage of convenience , and ultimately i think they would choose their deity over their nation and fellow man . 
  the second part of your writing is very disconcerting , defeatist , and sad . 
  are you a native german ? 
  if so , i implore you to understand , that as an american who visits germany occasionally , it is my favorite people and culture out of my many travels that i 've experienced next to the dutch or the japanese . 
  there is much to love about your country , and among the younger generations especially there seems to be a large degree of unjustified self-hatred . 
  there is a reason , after all , why western civilization is much more advanced and open scientifically/philosophically than middle eastern civilizations nowadays . 
  it 's the free forum and exchange of ideas , as well as democracy and varying degrees of capitalism/economic innovation that drive the species ' progress . 
  in 100 years under the islamic caliphate of germany , which liberals do n't seem to mind , none of those values can shine !, 
  and yes , there 's plenty you can do about a population that is stagnant . 
  once it is clear , you simply suffer the temporary economic impact until the reproduction of the people is able to kick into effect and restore itself again . 
  it has happened before in history . 
  the strong feminist left encourages women to be professional and settle into families later in to life/if not ever , which is a fad that will fade eventually . 
  so , i implore you to not give up your country , culture and people so easily out of a defeatist attitude which you seem to be indulging in . 
  the stagnating birth rates will come and go as political fads come and go . 
  also , remember , white people are n't the only ones who can be racist and xenophobic !, 
  heck , some other cultures even brag about dominating others and dragging them into the minority nowadays !, 
  funnily enough , these just so happen to be the people you are so willing to be enriched by . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jquxlqtbwoo remember though , `` this is only one extreme example , they do n't all talk/think like that ! '', 
  godspeed germany . 
  how can you open up , listen to and understand a population that is n't willing to integrate and rapidly out numbers you ? 
  please , please understand the scale of what 's happening right now . 
  it 's simply not racist , hateful or fear-mongering to want to preserve your own cultural identity , do n't let anyone tell you otherwise . 
  i really hope you do n't think these people are travelling across the continent , while travelling past half a dozen safe countries out of coincidence . 
  they are seeking the monetary and asylum handouts , and because no government official is telling them they ca n't , they will keep coming . 
  if you 're okay with a drastic and permanent cultural , ethnic , and religious demographic shift in germany , then that is a little depressing and disturbing . 
  i really do n't think you have a realistic understanding of the consequences of what is happening . 
  there are very many alternatives , all positive , to recklessly inviting tens of millions of foreigners with open arms and wallets . 
  the german culture is beautiful . 
  i love the country very much for its food , the architecture , the attitudes of the people , the infrastructure , the natural beauty , the history , the list goes on and on . 
  i would be absolutely crushed if native germans were outnumbered in their own country when i 'm older , and the culture fading out with them . 
  exactly why it 's such a lose-lose situation . 
  godspeed europe . 
  do n't know how i could make it sound anymore sarcastic than that . 
  racist how dare you have a sense of cultural and ethnic pride , and want to preserve the nations you love , you fucking *** nazi ***, 
  i guess i 'll wait and see how everything pans out , then . 
  let 's hope everything turns out for the best for all parties . 
  from what i 've seen in the headlines though , the policy in place is n't reflecting the will of the people then . 
  day by day thousands upon thousands of migrants are coming into europe , why has n't anything been put in place yet ? 
  especially in germany , right ? 
  i do n't speak german unfortunately , i plan on learning it , so i ca n't read the headlines and current policy as accurately for myself . 
  all i 've been seeing is `` germany expecting _____ million , sweden taking in ____ thousand a day , hungary pressured by europe to open borders , england taking in _____ thousand a day '' etc. . . 
  i 've seen one sizable protest in germany , i think . 
  is this stuff being suppressed by the local media ? 
  yup . 
  i think people have a very inaccurate idea of what multiculturalism is supposed to be . 
  people do n't just give up their ideas of reality and get along .
