if you say so . 
  i kinda like trump though so you 're barking up the wrong tree . 
  i like the eu though , or at least what it has the potential of becoming . 
  a united europe would be a mighty force . 
  ironic . 
  we all bitch and moan about us nation building in iraq but then proceed to do the same exact thing in libya and syria . 
  fucking politicians . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  most of these people are not libyans . 
  if the eu made it crystal clear that they do not get to stay even if they make it here the flow would stop quickly . 
  the issue is merkel and sweden incentivizing millions of people to come here . 
  there are literately hundreds of millions of people in the world who have legitimate asylum reasons to come to europe . 
  when is it enough ? 
  we can not absorb the entire world . 
  europe is our home and we can not absorb all of worlds problems . 
  they can moan all they want but when tryinf to impede the democratic process with nonsense like `` they do n't know what they were voting for '' is fascist . 
  there is no election in the world where people have every bit of every detail down . 
  brexit is not unique in any way . 
  respect the democratic process . 
  the only thing that i know about your country is that prague is beautiful and your women are hot . 
  i 'm not gon na pretend to know anything about your politics . 
  there 's nothing to contest . 
  it 's over . 
  we 're leaving . 
  hey , at least they 're not french . 
  a healthy dose of skepticism is n't bad . 
  when did turkey join the eu ? 
   democracy does n't start and end with one vote but is an on going process . 
  if people object to something as monumental as brexit , they should be entitled to have those objections heard . 
  they did . 
  we voted . 
  we lost . 
  game over . 
  we 're moving on now . 
  you do n't get to vote and re-vote until your side wins . 
  the faster we get out of this limbo-state the better . 
  i 'm not really talking about geographic distance . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/power_distance in an `` empire '' , i 'm lacking a better word here , you 're a very small cog in a ginormous machine . 
  i do believe so . 
  no other people have the uniquely teutonic obsession with always going to the extreme . 
  one minute they are killing everyone for not being german enough and the other they are trying to import the entire 3rd world into europe . 
  there is no sensible middle of the road approach with germans . 
  it behooves them when they are building cars but they should n't hold too much power . 
  was n't breivik complaining about being bored of his xbox games or something a while back ? 
  seems pretty luxurious to me . 
  the americans should have let the russians just steamroll western europe after ww2 . 
   if he had n't been there , the german land would still be scattered into hundreds of tiny princedoms . 
  the rest of the continent would be grateful . 
   the question on the ballot paper was rather vague and people voted for many different reasons , many of which had nothing to do with the eu . 
  `` should britain leave or remain in the eu ? '', 
  had nothing to do with the eu ...  the british public are more uninformed about the eu compared to people in other countries within the eu and who would know how people would 've voted , if they were . 
  remoaner detected . 
  people knew very well what they voted for . 
  what is this revisionism ? 
  we can literately go back a year and look at the debates - it was made abundantly clear . 
  i voted remain , but my side did n't win . 
  time to move on with process already . 
  it 's a very common issue with `` distance to power '' . 
  people feel like brussels is a far away thing intervening in their lives . 
  it is the problem that no `` empire '' has ever managed to solve . 
  when it works nobody thinks about it , when it fails nobody wastes a second in throwing shit in its general direction . 
  how did the define trust ? 
  trust that it can work ? 
  trust in the politicians in brussels ? 
  trust in what ? 
  i 'm not your mate . 
  what is listed in the official census , that turks came there as neurosurgeons ? 
  the gastarbeiters came to work in the factories genius . 
  learn your own history . 
   red hair is nowhere near `` common '' among ashkenazi jews . 
  what do you count as common ? 
  you see quite a few of those orthodox jewish weirdos in new york with red hair . 
  you 've been told a whole lot of bullshit . 
  yes . 
  turks came to germany to work as neurosurgeons . 
  hahah that 's hilarious . 
  there 's no way i 'm the only one who gets an itchy mustache , feel a sudden urge to raise my arm up in the air and walk funny as soon as i enter germany . 
  also , do n't mention the war . 
   just like russia , turkey is a eurasian country , meaning they are both in europe and asia . 
  or are people from buryatia suddenly european ? 
  are arabs who move to europe suddenly european ? 
  they live in russian controlled lands . 
  the russians are a european people who share our roots and history . 
  the turks were an invading central asian people . 
  turkey can never join since it is not europe . 
  russia can join since they are fundamentally europeans . 
  simple as that . 
  if nazi germany could go from nazism to the coal and steel union then russia can go from whatever it is today to and eu member even faster . 
   step from stereotype to genocide . 
  lol, 
  sounds like another classy brit on vacation making us all look great . 
  what a thunder cunt . 
  completely arbitrary . 
  those laws can be interpreted either very broadly or very narrowly . 
  freedom of speech is more important than not hurting feelings . 
  as matthew mcconaughey 's character put it in the wolf of wallstreet : `` nobody knows if the stock is gon na go up , down or fucking sideways [ . . ] it 's fairy dust . 
  it does n't exist '' . 
  the way he is standing or the fact that he is half-naked in what seems to be a place of business not in immediate connection to a pool or beach ? 
  none of that matters - you fail to see time as a crucial component here . 
  one upon a time italy was fascist , germany was nazi etc.
