  odd , i did not see that link earlier when i posted my reply . 
  if far-right terrorists go about bombing and shooting people by the hundreds , i 'd say their content needs to be blocked in the same way as muslim fundamentalist websites . 
  fortunately , far right movements have more bark than bite , so far anyway . 
  must be shit loads of palestinians living in the muslim dominated neighborhood in my small hometown . 
  dozens of them were driving around the block , honking and cheering when the towers came down . 
  i disliked muslims and islam from that moment on wards . 
  ca n't save them all , hasselhoff . 
  not specifically mentioned in the article though . 
  it is not as good looking as a restoration , but i think it should be considered a preservation in stead of restoration . 
  this way you can clearly tell which parts are old , and which parts were added to keep everything in place for centuries to come . 
  it 's better than to just let it fall apart and be lost forever because there is not enough money for a proper full restoration project . 
  glitter bomb . 
  well ... that 's disappointing !, 
  there goes murica 's reputation !, 
  could it depend on the state/region ? 
  may i ask in which part of the usa you have lived ? 
  * ( both relevant to the situation , and because i 'm just that darn curious ) *, 
   the dutch , susceptible to propaganda from russia , have just voted in a referendum against a trade agreement with ukraine for which more than 100 ukrainians died in an uprising in 2014 . 
  well , that 's one way to put a spin on things . 
   `` it 's important the world knows that i am muslim myself , '' the woman said , citing that as a reason for being willing to speak to the post . 
  `` it 's important to me that people know what abaaoud and the others did is not what islam is teaching . '', 
  is it also important for the world to know that the woman who helped the terrorists was also muslim ? 
  this woman had balls of steel for turning the guy in and letting the public know about it , but the whole * `` nothing to do with islam '' * line they keep towing is not going to help solve the issue . 
  i hope this woman gets some sort of protection and/or relocation for her own safety . 
  she is in danger of being killed by other muslims . 
  hmm , well i suppose i should have worded it differently , true . 
   how about the mh-17 ? 
  so what you 're saying is that you 're fine with dutch blood being spilled by putin in a mass attack but jesus , a few artworks being stolen is unacceptable . 
  i hope you realise just how stupid you 're coming across , because boy you deserve it . 
  being anti-russian does not mean we have to be pro-ukrainian . 
   i do n't think there 's a single dutch who gives a shit about that plane . 
  wrong . 
  not really . 
  the mh-17 situation brought the blood spilling into our focus a lot more than the riots and armed conflict between ukrainians and russians ever did . 
  i did not say anything `` silly '' or false . 
  as for your comment about my username : you are trying too hard . 
  we had a pretty good idea of blood being spilled when a couple hundred of our countrymen were murdered while flying over your territory . 
  outdoing the usa in the freedom department ? 
  ouch , poor bastards . 
   `` and clashes continued after the attack , sources said . '', 
  wonder if that means there was a gunfight as well . 
  raise your hand if you thought isis would just sit back and call it quits , rather than planning more attacks ... no-one ? 
  guerrilla war ? 
  no , we already got a term for this , it 's called terrorism . 
  stop trying to re-invent the fucking wheel . 
   however , the report said a lack of security staff to accompany detainees on their journey out of the uk was also a `` major constraint '' . 
  that 's an organization issue . 
  just kick them out in batches . 
  charter a plane for deportation flights and get rid of a whole bunch of them at once . 
  use armed guards for increased security . 
  they could not harbor extremists among themselves , and not throw rocks at police forces trying to arrest terrorists . 
  not all muslims are to blame , but a fair amount of them sure are wishy-washy about this shit . 
  they are single-minded in their function , consequences be damned . 
   they came poor and , to a large extent , have stayed poor , with little access to higher education huh ? 
   many europeans will fear terrorism -- and therefore , migrant muslims -- more keenly than they will empathize with refugees who risk death to reach calmer shores . 
  yes , i fear getting blown or shot to pieces by religious assholes a lot more than empathizing with people willingly taking a 5 % chance of death to illegally cross from a safe refugee sheltering nation ( turkey ) into a nation with the most accommodating welfare system . 
  i do however sympathize with the magnificent bastards who stay in or close to their homeland and who want nothing more to return to it as soon as possible and rebuild it . 
  or the brave sons of bitches [ like this guy here ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/6c/67/64/6c67643a573a77d8f7304c5a7d702398.jpg ) who carve out a living . 
  these people i want to throw my money at to help . 
  the us criticism is valid , and ultimately useful advice the eu security forces should listen to . 
  there is a time , place and professional approach for talks to improve the handling of security against terrorism ... and it is not publicly condescending and scolding a grieving nation while the bodies of their slaughtered peoples are barely cold . 
  says something about the belgian road system , does n't it ? 
  edit : jokes aside , the belgians indeed also fought fiercely in ww2 . 
  sabaton made a great song about the [ resistance of a single belgian company to overwhelming odds . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igteh1i78si ) not sure why the comparison with the netherlands would be relevant . 
  the dutch fought alone , the belgians as part of an allied army . 
  nazi 's were ww2 , he is referring to ww1 . 
  when the belgian king and his forces fought for every fraking inch of their land and held on to a small part of it throughout the war , against overwhelming german forces . 
  truly belgium 's finest wartime feat . 
  also , the cab was too small to carry all 5 suitcases with explosives , so they only brought 3 . 
  the cab saved lives as well !, 
  hold on . 
  the un suspends cooperation because the eu is sending illegal migrants back to the first safe country they fled to after leaving a war zone ? 
  useless twats . 
  good advice . 
  the roads are terrible there and way more likely to get you killed than terrorists in turkey . 
  200,000 of yours , 10.000 of our own , 5000 of our allies and 85.000 people who are better off dead because they were not murican anyway . 
  edit : and 10 cats who chased the laser beam that guided the missile . 
  what would you suggest then ? 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone is against all terrorism . 
  but the closer to home terror hits , the more it affects us . 
  a standard response to standard responses to terror attacks in the eu . 
  [ another response/article from the same site ] ( http://www.hbvl.be/cnt/dmf20160322_02196963/lommelse-moskee-betuigt-medeleven )  ** lommel mosque expressed condolences **  ** the selimiye mosque in lommel anounces they condemn the attacks in brussel . 
  **  `` we strongly condemn these cowardly attacks , commited against the harmonious community of humanity and hereby want to convey our deep and sincere sympathy to the victims and their relatives . 
  terrorism knows no religion or ethnic background , and can never be a reflection of any faith or race '' , the administration announces . 
  seen a fair amount of people wondering how the local muslim community would respond , i came across two articles which ill translate and post . 
  i have attempted to translate with a focus on the intent of the wording , rather than literal translation . 
  feel free to correct me if i mistranslated something . 
  * edit : both articles are from a dutch news website , rather than a belgian one . 
  and the mosques are located in the province of limburg in the netherlands . 
  but to be fair , limburg serves as a back-up to belgium !, 
  *  ** `` the attacks are a cowardly act , this is a black day '' , says tahar chahbi , chairman of the umbrella organization of moroccan mosques umivel and also chairman of the moroccan mosques in maaseik . 
  **  `` our thoughts are with the victims , their families and friends . 
  this is the work of terrorists , not muslims . 
  that 's why the word muslim terrorist is not correct . 
  this has nothing to do with islam . 
  islam is about love and about peace . '', 
  hell no . 
  it is not alarmist neo-nazi drivel when statistics do show that we could very well become a minority in our own native homelands . 
  in limited numbers immigrants from different ethnic and cultural backgrounds are not a problem .
