  what the hell is wrong with you !? 
  ^ ^ torpedoes ^ ^ are ^ ^ expensive ... 
  and they should call it bismark-2, 
  owh i am , but i like pissing off people every now and then while i 'm bored at work . 
  hehe , jimmies rustled . 
  i love that . 
  does it deserve death penalty ? 
  no , but i give 0 fucks about people dying during ` entertainment ' like this . 
  in this case , they brought it on themselves . 
  if they were innocent bystanders getting killed in a traffic accident it would be tragic . 
  if they were the victim of a bunch of criminals , it would be tragic . 
  they are the victims of an animal abusing activity ? 
  bloody hilarious . 
  first time i see them being used against the migrants . 
  it is good though , thanks for linking . 
  i saw pictures of those riot police guys at calais . 
  only being used against the striking workers though . 
  i have heard nothing about them being used against migrants . 
  ol\u00e9 !, 
  * `` ak-47 's , for everyone !, 
  from the footage i have seen so far they have some cops around but they are too outnumbered to make a permanent impact . 
  i did see riot police being put in the area when the local workers went on strike though . 
  that seems odd ... i hope i am just missing something here . 
  eesti can not into relevant !, 
  it is actually surprisingly easy to make short , quick slashes with it while indoors . 
  the tip is pretty sharp as well so thrusting is an option , though not ideal . 
  and my apartment is quite roomy , with a high ceiling so vertical slashes are no problem . 
  fair point . 
  `` i was fearing for my life '' only works if you are a cop in the us . 
   as quality of life and education increases will there be a decrease in religiosity ? 
  well , the united states still has large amounts of people who are educated , have high quality of life , and thump that bible like it is going out of style . 
  but i 'm sure education will slow it down , and people are less inclined to pray if they are not despairing . 
   they have their own migrant crisis . 
  i 'm sure the native americans agree . 
  tons of them !, 
  @ 1:00 - first thing to do when arriving in europe : littering . 
  welcome to the eu , i hope you enjoy our laws and fines . 
   but you are okay with killing a human being for taking something easily replaceable ? 
  if they broke into my lorry 's trailer and trashed/stole stuff that belonged to my boss , i would not risk a confrontation and just obey the law , collect evidence , etc. 
  if they broke into my house , they not only decided to steal my stuff , but also violate the security and sanctity of my residence . 
  i sleep with a katana on the wall of my bedroom , if i were to hear a burglar in my house , i 'd grab that thing and try to sneak up on them before screaming and slashing as much as possible . 
  if he dies , meh , occupational hazard . 
  back to the context of the lorry drivers and the illegal immigrants : best thing for the truck drivers to do is to lock stuff up very tightly , stay calm and keep driving whenever possible . 
  law enforcement really needs to get busy sorting this out though . 
  if this keeps up , we gon na need some armed escorts for those lorry/truck drivers . 
  i can imagine it being unnerving for them to have a crowd of foreigners trying to break open your truck . 
  i 'm still scratching my head over the fact that nothing seems to be done to secure the area and let the drivers pass by in peace . 
  sooner or later someone 's going to get killed . 
  you mean a drone strike ? 
  true , those fancy new littoral combat vessels and corvettes should do the trick . 
  but it does not hurt to bring in a small fleet of their bigger brothers as a show of force . 
   * more than 100,000 migrants have entered europe so far this year , with some 2,000 dead or missing during the perilous quest to reach the continent . 
  * that 's a 2 % fatality rate . 
  about the same as crossing the street in paris . 
  edit : that was a joke ... calm down frenchies , you know we love you . 
  on a more serious note . 
  a 98 % chance of making it to europe alive is high enough for people to risk it and pay for it . 
  from all the media attention you 'd think we would be talking about a 50-50 % chance of survival . 
  2000 people dead is still a great loss of life of course . 
  i do n't understand what the big deal is , though i 'm atheist so i do not know much about religion . 
  any muslim redditors here able to shed some light on the significance of a muslim being buried next to a non-muslim ? 
  is it actually offensive to ( any variant of ) islam-mic culture , or do you believe this is just the family 's preference ? 
   like ... do you like avocados ? 
  i think i nearly choked on one when i was a kid . 
   all ? 
  geert wilders , too ? 
  ( just messing with you , ignore this ) why mention it then ? 
   yep , 21.00 is going to take over europe which has a population of 742.000.000 . 
  comparing the entire european population ( within eu it is about 500 mill btw ) with the amount of illegal immigrants arriving in italy in just 4 months ? 
  100.000 arriving in italy in a year . 
  what about those arriving in greece ? 
  and when does it stop ? 
  several million in a decade 's time ? 
  our own native populations are already shrinking in comparison to those who immigrated here . 
  and what about those who migrate legally , you know , not criminally . 
  the ones who do shit tons of paperwork ? 
  and i have had enough experiences with immigrants to know that most do not give a shit about my country or my culture , or my racial identity , or religious preference , or the sacrifices of those who kept it free ( ww2 allies ) there are plenty of successes , but personally i see more failures . 
  that 's all i 'm going to say about this subject . 
  some immigrants = good , huge amounts = bad . 
  despite our colonial past our own culture and identity is worth preserving and i 'll vote to preserve it so my grandchildren will not have to fight to preserve it . 
  and i 'll keep donating and vote to help other nations keep their culture as well . 
  even those french guys ... edit : some of my words sounded a bit harsh due to a heat-of-the-moment typing . 
  corrected . 
   countries like nestle did/does company i think you mean . 
  unless those evil sons of bitches are now powerful enough to be called a political entity . 
   why not let them in ? 
  help the european people become more comfortable with foreigners . 
  here in the netherlands we are well comfortable with foreigners . 
  but no culture can be asked to be comfortable with a load of foreigners that 's so big that the ` native ' population will find themselves no longer being the majority in a century . 
  we can let some of them in , and most people would be ok with that , but it has to be regulated , limited and controlled . 
  i think you can also not ask the same of african nations were the roles reversed . 
  i 'm sure they would have a * `` gtfo !, 
  '' * response if say , kenya experienced a huge influx of immigrants from asia or europe which would lead to native africans becoming a minority in a hundred years . 
  every culture has the right to preserve itself and not endanger its heritage , history , and future . 
   at least you could give some it back . 
  dutch annual development aid funding : * 2004 : 3.7 billion * 2005 : 4.1 billion * 2006 : 4.5 billion * 2007 : 4.65 billion * 2008 : 4.8 billion * 2009 : 4.7 billion * 2010 : 4.9 billion * 2011 : 4.7 billion on average the netherlands spends about 0.7 % of their gross national product on development aid funds . 
  half of these funds go to african nations and are used to improve food , water , medicine , infrastructure , education , environmental issues and to counter poverty . 
  this is aside from civilian organised events such as serious request which generate about a dozen million euros each year to aid those countries . 
  i 'd say enough is being done to get rid of the * `` you exploited them . 
  < insert colonial white guilt  '' * statement .
