  is proposing to decrease the minimum wage in order to integrate the refugees . 
  just to confirm you well , yeah , there you have it then . 
  rather than a long-term solution that would keep germany , german , they just replace the local population with an entirely different culture . 
  long term consequences be damned , need to make more euros . 
  in space ... lego can step on you . 
  without any friction to stop the lego brick , it would become unstoppable !!!, 
   * i posted : `` went down to the basement at 6:30 this morning to get my bike and got a shock when i found a woman sleeping down there . 
  this is the refugee crisis in germany hitting home !, 
  i would n't suppose any of my british or irish friends have any idea what i 'm on about . '' * well , he went from not thinking about the refugees to becoming a self-righteous snob in a few hours . 
  i did not know they were allowed to bring weapons with them into space . 
  cheers . 
  levantine ? 
  i 'm gon na have to look up what the heck that means . 
  he is not a syrian refugee . 
  the article states he was born in saudi-arabia to somali parents . 
  i did not see if he lived in saudi-arabia or somalia before coming to sweden . 
  it only mentions he arrived in sweden in january 2014 . 
  it would be counter-productive for them to launch the attacks so soon . 
  after all , the eu nations are practically letting massive amounts of people walk in with little to no means to screen them . 
  perfect for infiltration . 
  you do not want to stir the hornet 's nest too soon while you are still trying to get as many of your nutters in place as possible . 
  i personally think it is only a matter of time . 
  it seems like too good of an opportunity to waste for them . 
  of course , i hope i 'm completely wrong in my assumption . 
   `` i did n't come to sweden for the welfare . 
  i did n't come to sweden to ask for a hand-out , '' said mahad mohammed musse , a 27-year-old anaesthesiologist fluent in arabic , somali , english and russian , who has only found temporary work at stockholm 's tax free airport shops since arriving nearly two years ago . 
   `` i ask only to be allowed to live my life with the education that i have , '' he added . 
  a fair wish to have for any educated guy . 
  a wish shared by a lot of people all over the world . 
  even those seeking jobs in their native homelands . 
  a wish i shared back in 2009 when i finished my university education in computer technology and had to compete with 50 other guys in every job interview i had . 
  i probably had around 75 job interviews with companies and recruitment agencies before i finally got an entry level it job . 
  took me about 1,5-2 years just to get somewhat remotely close to what i studied for . 
  i can not imagine a well-educated immigrant working in a specialized field easily finding the job he wants in an entirely different culture . 
  it is easier when cultures are ` somewhat ' similar , such as west-europe and north-america . 
  but somalia/saudi-arabia and sweden ? ... that 's a big gap . 
  from what i have gathered there are no facilities to detain and control the migrants and refugees coming across the borders . 
  i doubt we have any idea who is an actual refugee running for his/her dear life , an economic migrant ( ab ) using the situation or an isis cocksucker looking to unload an ak on a crowd of people because his imaginary friend told him to do so . 
  or reform pension system to rely less on having an ever increasing population while at the same time stimulating young couples to start families so your native population remains stable ( higher monthly child care funding , more flexible working hours for parent , and actually affordable daycare ) . 
  i suppose it is cheaper and more profitable to just import people from a completely different culture , stuff them in your factories and hope for the best . 
  our secret is that they think the netherlands are underwater . 
  i do not think the short term financial benefit weighs up against the risk of losing your cultural identity in the long run . 
  knowing how people drive in some european nations , that was probably the safest part of their journey . 
   us-style multicultural europe considering the natives are a nearly powerless minority in the us ... i 'd rather not see that happen to the netherlands . 
  immigrant minorities are good , and limited immigration is healthy . 
  but i 'm against a multi-culti nation where the native peoples are just one among many and have little to no say in what goes on in the lands they inhabited for the past 2500-4000 years . 
  that 's probably old-fashioned , but i like preservation of native , local cultures . 
  thanks for your reply . 
  though i have to say those numbers are specifically muslims , and those from the middle-east . 
  in my previous post i mentioned : * `` if europe keeps acting like a convenient population drain for africa and the middle-east '' * . 
  those numbers do not account for africans ( muslim or not ) who are having large families , and those children keep migrating into europe because africa does not have enough jobs for them to have the standard of living we have . 
  if we keep letting that happen , there is no incentive for them to have smaller families and they will just keep coming this way in an endless stream of people looking for a better life . 
  you ca n't really blame them for wanting to live in a first world nation , but we can not really allow it unless we are collectively prepared to risk the continued existence of native european cultures . 
  as for solutions to this issue ... i guess we should invest more in africa ? 
  perhaps build more factories there and have honest trade with them without unfairly exploiting their natural resources . 
  i think that approach worked for china the past decades . 
  it is true that more native people are retiring compared to joining the ` worker 's market ' . 
  but there are also very real risks associated with just replacing them with foreign workers . 
  what about the incoming shift in demographics ? 
  if this keeps going , native germans will cease to become a majority in their own homeland . 
  a continued reliance on foreign immigrants from a vastly different culture , rather than stabilizing the native population and using technology and pension reforms to reduce the need to have mass numbers of unskilled labor , will result in a loss of cultural and ethnic identity within a century or so . 
  if europe keeps acting like a convenient population drain for africa and the middle-east , those people will keep having large families whose kids do not have any jobs and thus flock to europe . 
  and the majority of the actual syrian war refugees * ( who i agree we do need to protect in some way , preferably in their own territory ) * will not be willing to go back to their homeland if the fighting stops in a few years . 
  i 'm personally worried that my grandchildren will live in a netherlands that no longer has a native dutch majority in culture , ethnicy , religion , political and social control . 
  though a noble goal is to try to get along with other nations and cultures , i think it is a stupid-ass idea to do so by letting ( or risking ) your own cease to exist . 
  ** edit : my post is not an attack at you or anything , just thinking out loud and voicing my opinion/concerns . 
  well , death and taxes are the only two certainties in life . 
  even for jews . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/righteous_among_the_nations hey , whaddayaknow ... 2nd place . 
  that 's colonization , not integration . 
  native populations need to be encouraged to start having families just big enough to replace themselves , while being able to keep their jobs/careers . 
  immigrants can then be dispersed in limited numbers and integrated without upsetting or replacing the native culture . 
   on friday , the un 's committee on the elimination of racial discrimination added to outside criticism of the dutch policy , saying basic needs of migrants should be provided unconditionally . 
   `` as long as they are in the netherlands , they have to enjoy minimum standards of living , '' said ion diaconu , who helped write the un report . 
  what the fuck ? 
  that 's the equivalent of strangers camping in your backyard and you now being responsible for their well-being . 
  un went full retard . 
  well , i 'm not sure if we are the most tolerant people on the planet . 
  i suppose we have that reputation but we are not without our racists and bigots . 
  but the un spending time and money on this is absolutely retarded . 
  if the piets were depicted as slaves worshiping the mighty whitey i 'd agree with changing it as it would be plain wrong to do such a thing . 
  but they act and are represented more like his employees and friends . 
  yes , they are referred to as a `` knecht '' , which means servant , assistant . 
  a bit archaic but it has zero to do with slavery or submissiveness . 
  dutch farmboys or stableboys were ( and sometimes still are ) often referred to as boerenknecht of stalknecht . 
  but i think we should stop pretending that zwarte piet is not an african . 
  he obviously is a moorish african . 
  zwarte piet originated from works and stories that depicted sinterklaas as living in spain and employing a local moorish servant . 
  the moors originated from north-africa but had a sizable population living in what is now spain . 
  this stuff has been blown way the fuck out of proportions by people who just love to be victims . 
  right , it is all in our head . 
  all the mosques and islamic/arab neighborhoods replacing native ones . 
  walking through an immigrant neighborhood i offer a smile and a greeting when i walk past , like i often do with everyone . 
  they glare daggers at me in return , giving me the impression i 'm not welcome ... in my own land ? 
  whenever i chat with descendants of immigrants they self-segregate by referring to : `` you dutchmen '' ... well i 'm sorry , i thought you considered yourself dutch as well ? 
  owh you consider yourself first and foremost turkish/moroccan/croat / serbian etc even though you were born and raised here ? 
  well there 's ya problem !, 
  tolerance and acceptance needs to come from both ways . 
  throughout my life i have had mostly negative experiences with immigrants from africa and the middle-east . 
  hell , the latest guy we hired at the place i work at spent more time looking at his phone and taking smoke breaks than actually doing his fucking job .
