   fight the source of the water , not the water , my dear colonial overlord . 
  but ... but . . to fight the source of the water , we would need to displace the corrupt fuckheads in charge of the nations where people are fleeing from , and replace them with our own corrupt fuckheads . 
  that 's colonialism ... :(, 
  to be fair , it would be quite impressive if they somehow managed to move greece out of europe . 
   * `` we are not afraid to sail to new seas and reach safer harbors '' * wait , are the greeks going to cross the sea and migrate to africa ? 
  so this is how ww3 starts eh ... over waffles . 
  horrible free speech laws ? 
  wait , what ? 
  where ? 
  if i saw germans or fellow dutchmen behaving like that i 'd be just as disgusted . 
  if africans saw chinese behaving like that , they 'd be disgusted as well . 
  if americans saw mexicans behaving like that , they 'd napalm the entire area . 
  ^ ^ one ^ ^ of ^ ^ these ^ ^ is ^ ^ not ^ ^ like ^ ^ the ^ ^ others ... 
  yes , and everyone bought his wooden fences . 
  so now he is selling flamethrowers to the other guys so they can burn down those same fences . 
  ^ ^ he 's ^ ^ a ^ ^ clever ^ ^ motherfucker ... 
  swamp-germans stronk !, 
  masters of mixing earth and sea !, 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ help , ^ ^ we ^ ^ are ^ ^ drowning !, 
  good question . 
  i do not know the answer but the first thing that comes to mind is perhaps a bigger cultural/ethnic difference with the immigrants ? 
  compared to central/southern european nations i mean . 
  i visited that place the past days and felt my own morals getting poisoned , something that realized the past hour . 
  i 'm bailing out of there while i still have some human reasoning left . 
   airforce has no offensive aircraft aside from giant eagles . 
   finding the country dangerous and suffering prejudice because of the colour of his skin , he decided to pay a trafficker to make the journey across the mediterranean to sicily in april this year . 
  huh , learn something new every day . 
  never really thought about racial prejudice within central/north africa . 
   now go repost this article in / r/european where you can masturbate to your fantasies of shooting immigrants with `` 5.56 mm nato rounds '' . 
  selective much ? 
  how about you post the entire thing i mentioned ? 
  where i specifically stated to use non-lethal means first ? 
  and only use deadly force on those who still keep on threatening and rioting ? 
  no of course not , it would not fit your ideas . 
  perhaps you and racists have more in common than you think . 
  / r/european is indeed full of some nasty people . 
  i only found out about that subreddit about 2-3 days ago . 
  i agree with many of them who feel the need to protect europe 's culture in the long run and that we need to be firmer . 
  though most on there go too far from what i have seen lately , i probably should stop visiting them before they taint my attempts to stay middle-of-the-road in my view on what to do with immigrants . 
  reddit can be poisonous . 
  though if you are going through my post history you also see my more reasonable posts in other subreddits and none of my posts are white supremacists or neo-nazi related . 
  so your claims are unfounded and simply : wrong . 
  i was honestly unfamiliar with the mirror . 
  i 'll be sure to treat their articles with more suspicion from now on . 
  then again if you read the article there are also a lot of statements in there that are not inflammatory but also support more aid for the migrants so perhaps it is not as biased as you are raging about . 
  usual comments ? 
  i only made a few comments on / r/european and none of them racist or unreasonable . 
  and i decided to post this article ( which pissed me off ) on / r/europe to see the opinions of those in this subreddit . 
  as you can see , i did not add any positive or negative opinion to this submittion as to not influence the reaction of / r/europe . 
  i want to see all sides of the story . 
  though yes , i believe force should be used to control them if they are threatening the lives of people and non-lethal means do not work . 
  aside from attacking me personally , what do you think of the article itself ? 
  was just browsing the internet before work and came across this . 
  things are worse there than i thought if drivers are now being physically attacked . 
  anyhow , i 'm not certain about how much value ( if any ) should be attached to this article as i normally do not link news articles . 
  feel free to let me know what you think . 
  edit : the past half hour i did some thinking and i believe / u/canal _ volphied is right about / r/european and my fear of immigrants tainting my comments . 
  i 'm never visiting that subreddit again , it has been poisoning me the past days . 
  just like / r/atheism and / r/childree are poisonous subreddits that can turn you into a horrible person . 
  and yes , i do fear that a massive migration into europe will change our culture ... but lashing out is not going to fix it . 
  or they end up radicalizing and recruiting more people for their cause . 
  policing and enforcing national borders and who you do or do not allow to settle in your lands always has and always will cost lots of effort and thus money . 
  it sucks but meh ... whatcha gon na do ? 
  fuck ... we dutch really are just swamp-germans , are n't we ? 
   as a legal non eu citizen who paid an awful lot of money and who went through the correct channels this kind of irks me . 
  i know it should n't but it does . 
  if you went through all that shit to get in here the proper way and do your best to fit in and be useful , you earned the right to be irked . 
   does n't that intrigue you ? 
  what kind of things we might end up with ? 
  imagine the art , imagine the music . 
  on paper that sounds nice but people do not respond well to drastic changes to culture . 
  they like going on vacation and trips to experience and see new stuff , but ultimately they also wan na go back home to familiar lands with familiar people . 
  people like stability , order and small gradual and controlled changes rather than a chaotic mix in which some things just get lost and replaced . 
  they like being able to know what it means to be x or y. 
  when their home nation turns into a multi-cultural society in which the native population is just one of many groups , it can be scary and confusing and can result in lashing out to stop it and hold on to what they prefer and know . 
   now from nature , we know that single species systems do n't always work . 
  even a human being is n't a single specie system . 
  best way to have a stable ecosystem is to have a bunch of species all at the same place competing and supporting each other . 
  as far as i know or have been taught evolution shows the opposite . 
  remember the neanderthals ? 
  they are probably humanity 's first ` victim ' of being competed into oblivion . 
  archaeological finds show humans and neanderthals lived side by side for a while , but ultimately they were out-bred , or perhaps wiped out , by the up and coming humans . 
  in the great lakes in north america the asian carp is threatening the existence of native fish species . 
  certain species of ants are wiping out indigenous forms of ants due to being larger or more aggressive . 
  aggressive bees are moving up from middle-america , displacing the local smaller bees . 
   maybe i am saying this because i am turkish and our culture is half-blooded as it comes . 
  as a native dutchmen my ancestry is probably mainly germanic and the dutch can loosely trace their culture back to the germanic tribes who have lived here since roman times . 
  some cultures will indeed be more flexible and dynamic , others more rooted and conservative . 
   history already had periods like these . 
  they have a tendency to end in war . 
  true , though the threat of nuclear warfare and the globalization of our society , and the access to news , internet etc , actually makes more and more people realize we have little to gain from all out war . 
  smaller regional conflicts and civil wars are therefor perhaps more likely . 
  people should certainly travel more and expand their horizons , learning to appreciate different cultures . 
  luckily i think the past century our peoples have gained a huge amount of opportunity to travel and see different cultures , and gain respect for them . 
  even more when we started getting the internet . 
  today , through these discussions , i have learned quite a bit more about turkey . 
  people did not have that 50 years ago , or 500 years ago . 
  and that inability to look at the other side led to a lot of international wars in the past . 
  i think having some minorities is good because it does add a bit more flavor , and immigrants certainly can have their ideas and culture trickle in a tiny bit to enrich the native mainstream . 
  currently about 8 out of 10 people with dutch nationality have a native dutch heritage .
