  nowadays ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  that watermark covering up the date did not cover the last number : 2 . 
  i 'm guessing this is from 2012 ? 
  an illegal immigrant is someone whose existence within a certain country is illegal due to him immigrating illegally . 
  that 's why you combine illegal , with immigrant . 
  not illegal person , or illegal human . 
  and how the fuck would * `` unauthorized immigrant '' * be any better ? 
  because a few years from now some other fuckwad will be offended as it would somehow suggest the immigrants are not authorized to exist . 
  if only there was some organization that could defend a nation 's borders and territory from foreigners . 
  whoops , must have missed that . 
  that makes my reply a bit redundant then , 
  i think the association is way too obscure to be something non-retarded people would be offended by . 
  the name charlemagne brings up images of the early middle/dark age european emperor who build an empire that became the kernel from which modern day france and germany came . 
  do you think naming a army vehicle viking would be controversial ? 
  guess i 'll have to powder my flowers and sniff them up . 
  huh , so that 's why my package was delayed . 
  would it not be the third ? 
  if you count duke william of normandy 's invasion ( 1066 ) as a french one . 
  he spoke french at least , i think ... 
  damn-it , hitler was right !, 
  the allied invasion will take place at calais . 
  we ca n't let the swiss steal our water . 
  stealing water is going to be the casus belli for the future , not oil . 
  this is reddit , every comment section is bloody controversial . 
  it is a side-effect of having free speech and discussion . 
  too much , too much !, 
  the spokes in my wheels ... they are crying ... 
  here in the netherlands you would be competing against art students who are sometimes already struggling to find enough work within their field . 
  a friend of mine had to build up a large portfolio and a name for herself by doing freelance photography and art/modelling jobs for several years until she finally managed to find stable work in her field . 
  and she was good at both the art and the communication skills required to understand and learn what the client really wants and needs . 
  i think you would be hard pressed to find work in your desired field over here . 
  especially as art requires a certain connection with the local culture and language . 
  compared to for example a network engineer or car mechanic who can do his job almost equally well , regardless of being dutch , syrian , etc. 
  it 's perhaps harsh and unfair , but i hope also understandable . 
  i hope the bullshit in your homeland stops soon and you will be able to return home safely . 
  middle eastern nations do have a history of interesting art and culture and it would be cool to see that being accepted and revived one day . 
  on the flipside , my brother and his boyfriend have been wanting to emigrate to the usa for the past half decade but without proper marketable skills that are in short supply there , they are in the same boat as you are ... well minus the whole country being torn apart by fucking idiots . 
  i feel that part will arrive here in a few generations if mass immigration goes unchecked . 
  i realize that is probably highly offensive to you , but it is what i fear will happen in the future and is why i support strict immigration rules and mandatory integration courses . 
  because most immigrants are not art loving , culture respecting people like yourself . 
  those cunts ruin it for people like you . 
  take care . 
  friendly fire incidents are tragic . 
   turkey already hosts more than 2 million of them . 
  i wonder what turkey plans to do with them in the long run . 
  send them back after the war in syria ends or try to integrate them into turkish society , etc, 
  rule the waves , britmurica ? 
  i know the shooting was very likely a case of mistaken identity , but it still makes my blood boil . 
   * `` first , the investigation is still going on , no final conclusions have been reached , '' * fair enough , perhaps they should have waited till the official investigation was completed before organizing a tribunal to haul the responsible scumbags into court . 
  still a bit of a weak reason though . 
   * `` in all other analogous situations , no tribunals were created , '' * is he suggesting that because people got away with murdering civilians before , there is no need to change the old tradition of just ignoring it and moving on ? 
   if we really want a united states of europe no , thanks . 
  you are right , but those changes were gradual . 
  dutch ( diets/nederlands ) identity first started popping up around 1200 and we certainly have nothing in common with them . 
  however , i think i would still be able to identify with dutch culture from the 1700 's . 
  in the same way many americans still feel they can relate to their ancestors who fought in their revolutionary war of 1776 . 
  cultures evolve , that 's fine , because you can not remain completely static for centuries . 
  but cultures should not be ` revolutionized ' , which is what happens in this modern day society where things change very rapidly . 
  rapid changes or enforced changes lead to resentment and fear , which often expresses itself as disrespect and violence . 
  if i step into a time machine i would like to be able to relate to dutchmen living in the year 2200 , but it would be practically impossible to relate to any dutch identity surviving into the year 2400 . 
  quite a few of these migrants speak a remarkable amount of english . 
  broken english perhaps , but still better than my french of italian . 
  the whole european union thing is nice but i like being dutch and i 'd like the dutch identity/culture to remain intact in the coming centuries . 
  i 'd always identify myself as dutch first , european second , earthling third . 
  ( if that makes sense ) . 
   but it 's resting under foil waiting to be carved and plated . 
  that 's one expression i have never heard before , but i like it . 
  you know , you may be right . 
  the idea of mixing political boundaries with financial ones leads to extreme complications . 
  i hope greece comes out of this alright . 
  but i keep thinking they just shot themselves in the foot . 
   obama is heavily antagonized in russian media so it 's not really too surprising . 
  to be fair , i feel the same happens to putin . 
  i have seen examples of those who do it right and i admire their courage to pick up and move into a foreign land and make yourself part of that land 's culture . 
  sadly they do not seem a majority . 
  i have no data on this but from what i have seen and heard while growing up in the netherlands : * if 5 immigrant family find themselves among 1000 native families , they tend to be more motivated to adapt and integrate . 
  * if 50 immigrant families find themselves among 1000 native families , they tend to stick together by living in the same neighborhoods and there is no motivation for them to adapt and integrate . 
  that is like a mini-colonization . 
  teens and young adults risk growing up torn between two cultures and lash out or disrespect the native culture of their new land . 
  which in turn makes it harder for the native folks to tolerate and respect them . 
  i 'd love to start a family , but yeah ... that takes two , does n't it ? 
  :p edit : as long as we slow down the amount of immigrants coming in and ensure support for daycare and maturity/paternity leave , we can stabilize our native population . 
  it just seems like politicians only look at numbers between today and their next election period , and have no clue or interest in keeping native cultures stable in the long run . 
  anyone who does is considered racist , narrow-minded or literally hitler . 
  the idea of respecting other cultures but wanting your own to remain stable and preserved seems out of this fucking world . 
  you just double-posted !, 
  grats !, 
  that 's the reddit equivalent of having twins . 
  you gave this sub-reddit a jolly good tumble , old chap, 
   imagine them drowning slowly over hours . 
  know that is what you want for them . 
  actually , fair_lite wanted death-by-torpedo . 
  that 's pretty quick and merciful . 
  also , my comment to his post was dark humor . 
  judging by the upvotes my reply got in relationship to his post , the average redditor saw the difference . 
  if you are butt-hurt over that , wow , you must be new around here . 
  welcome to the internet , champ !, 
  either pucker up or lube up because your feels are going for a ride . 
  are you nuts ?
