  i think that is a good number but i 'd rather not see that being reduced to 5/10 or lower in the coming centuries . 
  if you start mixing colors of paint in a barrel , it will look pretty , chaotic and funky at first ... but as you keep on mixing you eventually end up with a bland dark grey goo , and no more colors to compare it with . 
  that 's freaking boring . 
  we are talking about very long term stuff , over the next thousands of years . 
  but this is the age in which we either start respecting and preserving our ethnic and cultural identities , or we start down to path of becoming generic grey goo and lamenting how we used to have such many different colors . 
  mixing a little bit , good , mixing it all together ... a darn waste of all those pretty colors . 
   you mean having multi-cultural societies leads to hatred ? 
  look up most wars for independence or religious freedom . 
  why do you think the jews wanted to form the state of israel ? 
  why do you think the peoples of yugoslavia tore that nation apart to form their own religion/culture oriented nations where their like-minded fellows were in charge ? 
  they all wanted a sovereign state to call their own . 
  if all these races/ethnicies/religions have that , there are a lot less reasons to fight , riot or hate . 
  if immigrants do not integrate , they form little sub-cultures and communities . 
  if the immigration flow is not regulated , those communities start to dominate the nation they are in , or regions of said nation . 
  and that 's when the native population starts to think : * `` wait a minute , was n't this our land ? 
  why am i not feeling safe walking down these streets ? 
  why are these guys telling me i do not belong here ? 
  '' * whether the fear is justified or imagined , it is a natural human impulse . 
  people will feel threatened by shifts in demographics , and that fear leads to anger , dark-side , yada yada . 
  national borders are in my opinion still useful , as they define regions where certain languages , cultures and ethnicity can find a home among similar people and feel safe and secure . 
  international wars are less likely nowadays than civil ones and we are experiencing the most stable period in human history in terms of international warfare . 
  most civil wars are started due to imbalance and shifts in the demography/culture/ideology within a nation and these types of wars are going to be ones to dominate the coming centuries . 
  shit , look at the time . 
  i spent most of my evening typing stuff in response to you , haha . 
  terribly sorry but i 'm afraid i 'll have to stop replying after this . 
  that 's actually cool to know , cheers . 
   so that 's what you want . 
  them to leave their identity behind and act dutch . 
  you make it sound as though i mistakenly revealed some evil plot . 
  so that 's what you are after , you evil count troubleshooter !, 
  '' *  nothing that extreme . 
  no-one said anything about leaving their identity behind and completely forgetting their heritage , in-fact if you read my entire post i specifically mentioned how they should be proud of their culture of origin . 
  but if they come here and assume a dutch nationality , they should make being dutch their primary identity . 
  this is the whole concept of integration . 
  they should strive to be dutchmen of turkish descent , not turks living in the netherlands . 
  i 'll admit it would be hard for the 1st generation of immigrants but the bizarre thing is that the 2nd and 3rd generations are seemingly raised with a strong focus on being turks . 
  how am i supposed to respect and accept them as being part of my people if they themselves do not accept being part of their new homeland ? 
  they could at least try to compromise and fit in with the rest of us rather than isolating themselves from us . 
  sending their kids to schools populated mostly by turkish kids who all speak turkish with each other ensures that these kids grow up to feel caught between two cultures and identities . 
  acceptance and tolerance needs to come from both ways . 
  there have been numerous articles and studies here to try to figure out why the youths of turk/arab descent are getting more sympathetic to extremism . 
  one prime reason that is often mentioned is the fact that these kids do not feel dutch and do not feel fully turkish either . 
   uhhh ? 
  not unreasonable but weird . 
  and kinda unnerving but it might be the way you phrased it . 
  perhaps it came across as sinister , not my intention . 
  i consider all ethnic and racial backgrounds as having equal worth and rights , but i also believe that the traditional homelands of those groups should be where they remain the majority . 
  that way they all have a place in the world to feel safe among people they can identify with . 
  that would avoid a lot of conflict and violence . 
  * ( on that note : #america 4nativeamericans !, 
  ) * anyway i hope that explains my worries about the future of my own people/culture and the incessant whining of our governments about how we should become a `` multi-cultural society '' . 
  completely ignoring the fact that history has shown how that often leads to fear , hatred and ethnic cleansing . 
  a multi-cultural planet would be a far more viable goal . 
  edit : and thanks for sharing your thoughts . 
  i found it a good discussion . 
   will the savage wave of savage refugees destroy european values ? 
  hold on , just to avoid any wrong impressions : i refuse to see the refugees as savages . 
  they are actually running away from savages . 
  i do not think they are gleefully cackling and plotting to take over europe . 
  at least , i assume the majority of them will not cackle and plot . 
  it is just something that may end up happening in the long run due to population growth imbalance and the nature of democracy . 
  these people have reason and right to be proud of their heritage and the culture of their homeland , but should respect and embrace their new homeland 's culture if they want to stay and not try to form neighborhoods where their culture is dominant . 
  that 's colonization , not integration . 
    is n't a good portion of us more or less well integrated ? 
  there are plenty who do their best to integrate , but they seem a minority . 
  i had a female turkish barber who cut my hair for almost 20 years . 
  she was as westernized and dutchified as possible , speaking perfect dutch , wearing jeans and having lovely long black hair ... until she married a deadbeat well-fare sucking guy of turkish descent . 
  he made her wear traditional islamapproved ( tm ) clothing and made her stop having male clients . 
  what was touching is that she put her foot down when it came to keeping me and my brother as clients . 
  the kids they had were also raised with turkish language as primary and went to islamic/turkish oriented schools . 
  they also moved to live in a neighborhood dominated by those of turkish/moroccan/arab descent . 
  tomorrow my car is going to have its annual safety test and i 'm letting a garage owned by a 2nd generation turkish immigrant take care of it . 
  he 's friendly , polite , does a damn fine job and tosses in free windshield fluid . 
  but he also only hires turkish personnel . 
  in my hometown there are neighborhoods dominated by immigrants living among each other and expressing strong turkish nationality and identity by loudly blasting turkish music from their cars as they cruise through town , by talking turkish to each other while flipping you off as you walk through `` their '' neighborhood , by raising turkeys flags but not dutch ones . 
  from those same neighborhoods you could hear cheering and celebrations when 9/11 happened . 
  from a few those same neighborhoods you could see them waving isis flags last summer . 
  in short , most of these immigrants clearly identify themselves primarily turkish/moroccan/arab / muslim/etc rather than being dutch , even if they were born and raised here . 
  the netherlands has a reputation of being a very open country when it comes to tolerance to other cultures , but i feel this is starting to become more reputation and less reality . 
  i hope it is just my personal experience that 's bad , but i hear the same sentiment and experiences from people around me . 
  i do not mind their presence , as long as they remain a minority compared to native dutch . 
  i am going to assume that statement is not unreasonable . 
   but still , it does n't feel morally right . 
  wanting to keep your life style while people risk losing theirs . 
  or , already lost their lifestyles and wish to at least save their lives . 
  i believe europe does have a moral obligation to use the resources they have in abundance to assist these people , and assist the surrounding nations who shelter the refugees . 
  i do not think it is morally wrong to refuse risking compromising our cultural and ethnic balance ( or ` way-of-life ' ) in an attempt to help others . 
  if someone crashes his car and ends up in the river , you are morally obligated to call emergency services , pull him out of the water if you can do so safely and stay with him/her . 
  you are not morally obligated to risk life and limb to save that person . 
  it would be very brave and morally strong of you to do so , but no-one should fault you for ensuring your own safety first and foremost . 
  perhaps an odd comparison , but there you go . 
   yes , of course there is also some xenophobia against the refugees here ( like everywhere else ) , but not that much as in europe . 
  if this is true , it makes me wonder why that is . 
  do you happen to know the demographic of turkey . 
  specifically the amount of ethnic turks and their growth or decline ? 
  in most of europe the native ethnic groups are getting smaller compared to the ethnicies of the immigrants . 
  this causes some fear , unrest and resentment as people do not wish for their native culture/ethnicy to become a minority a century from now . 
  treating people differently based upon their x or y is globally called discrimination . 
  i think it could be relative . 
  korea and japan are culturally closer to each other and china than they are to india or pakistan .
