children make excellent battering rams . 
  not limited to the usa : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_flight#europe though i think french , dutch , english , and belgians are more likely to `` flee '' towards canada and the northern united states . 
  fine , send the food to native homeless people instead . 
  well ... that game does feature alien terror attacks . 
  new video-game idea : migrant simulator . 
  with the is infiltrator dlc coming out a few months later . 
  i 'll do this in a non-politically correct manner : ** because those people keep breeding like fucking rabbits !, 
  i smell business opportunities : eu asylum tours !, 
  asking the un if it is ok to use your military to enforce your own borders is bizarre . 
  at this rate , they are all going to ~ ~ illegally migrate ~ ~ flee towards the north pole . 
   he said : `` instead of leaving for europe , we need to return to syria to defend our land and our sacred places . '' now that 's something i can respect and would not hesitate to support with euros , goods and manpower . 
  well ... fuck ... 
  involving forced marches across lego bricks ... 
  pension problem is solved by them simply executing senior citizens . 
  how can they even see anything in those ninja-outfits ? 
  i bet their aim is worse than stormtroopers . 
  i 'm guessing she meant pre-occupy ? 
  yes i was serious as i had no idea how much/little money they make over there . 
  all i knew was this syrian guy who worked it over there before the war started and who made quite a good living . 
  makes me wonder what the average wage of a syrian refugee/migrant was before the war started . 
  you folks think they are going to earn more money for doing the same type of work they did back home ? 
  well , hold the fucking presses . 
  of course they will use it to infiltrate the west . 
  then again , infiltrating implies there is some sort of border security . 
  no need to ` infiltrate ' a castle that has the gates open and the drawbridge lowered . 
  owh for crying out loud !, 
  how would the eu deal with this problem , in your view , but the elites refuse to do so ? 
  i was being a smart-ass . 
  but thank you for your answer !, 
  it is good to hear things are getting better . 
  evictions are being carried out faster ? 
  that 's pretty accurate . 
   the netherlands - vibrant , cultural , cute landscape , sea , open minded we are full !, 
  i suppose i should have added an / s in my previous post . 
  those filthy peasants ... that 's my job !, 
  no i meant that ... when i heard asian i thought ... nevermind . 
  facepalm moment here . 
  for a few seconds i was thinking * `` asian migrants ? 
  what the fuck at the chinese doing there ? 
  '' * yeah , i know , i know . 
  i 'm a horrible person . 
  admirable restraint on the part of the police there * ( they are police i think ? 
  i could be completely wrong ) * . 
  flip things around , thousands of european `` refugees '' fleeing war and into a peaceful and stable syria that never had any uprisings the past 4 years . 
  what if we acted that way in their nation . 
  how do you think they would respond to that ? 
  they are safe , being sheltered within the borders of a nation that is not exactly overflowing with honey and spice . 
  been given water , food , clothing . 
  and they start acting like a bunch of ungrateful cunts . 
   so why are n't christians lynching gay people ? 
  they are the majority , and it 's a fact that christians do n't like gay people . 
  well as i said in previous posts in here , christianity has been tamed and learned they can no longer get away with that shit . 
  but they used to . 
  but christianity has been around here longer and it took time to get them to the point where the worst they can do is `` damn your soul '' and glare . 
  i agree , it does not . 
  < * much gnashing of teeth and grumbling *  yeah , he is . 
   as well , syrians might want to live around other syrians , like you likely would if the tables were turned . 
  yeah , but then he would be called a racist . 
  that also counts for factories etc. 
  technology reduces the need to have a large workforce . 
  my dad works in a meat factory and has seen how they now produce the same amount but with a far smaller workforce , due to machines now being able to do things they formally needed a human being for . 
   my focus during my undergrad in history was the antiquity . 
  please do n't bring rome into this . 
  well i did , because i think what we know about that period makes it valid . 
  if you disagree because you did your undergrad in antiquity , that 's your prerogative . 
  i can also google known information about that time period . 
  society may have been different back then , but it was still made out of people . 
  and the things that make us identify ourselves and others are still there , always will be until the day aliens come around and up the `` we vs them '' scale to a whole new level . 
  ( not saying aliens exist ... but you get my point i think ) . 
  i 'm tired so this is my last post on this . 
  my stance remains : middle-eastern and african culture will not mesh well with european culture so limit immigration from african/arab nations , boost native population growth and use tech to produce the same with less people * ( already happening in factories here ) * . 
  i like my culture and i want it to survive the coming centuries . 
  replacing us with african/arabs is cultural suicide in the long run . 
   to push some agenda you may or may not have ... 
  it is a discussion forum . 
  everyone posting here that is not joking or trolling is pushing some form of personal or political agenda . 
  but perhaps my reply was a bit too snarky , but i do feel it is an example of how native culture can be completely displaced and marginalized over time due to uncontrolled immigration that can not integrate well and the inability to keep population levels stable . 
  the same thing also applies to what happened to the roman empire . 
  plague and war killed a lot of natives and it was impossible to fully romanise/integrate the immigrants the romans just kept letting in * ( willingly actually , to replace the shrinking native population ... sound familiar ? 
  as a result , when barbarians found out they had the numbers advantage ... it was all over for roman dominance and culture in western europe . 
  i would not balk at the idea of russians being culturally similar to the dutch actually , i would agree with you . 
  if you compare it to arab/african/asian cultures then russian and dutch cultures indeed look alike . 
  whether it resembles example a or example b is moot . 
  what matters is which group of people that identify themselves as x has the number advantage compared to group y. 
  whether that advantage is gained through warfare , diseases or lower fertility rate is irrelevant in my opinion . 
  in example a : the protestants won the numbers game in the us . 
  due to them adhering to western style democracy and a strong new national identity with a fair constitution at the center of the new usa culture , an immigrant culture . 
  so as a result , subsequent immigration was successful as it was compatible with the forces in power and integration was possible and successful . 
  in example b : the existing native american culture lost the numbers game against the various groups of european immigrants . 
  end result is that after 200 + years of population decline , the native culture is only kept alive in small pockets . 
  the difference in culture was too big , the incoming flow too high , integration not possible , the smaller incompatible group reduced to a near powerless minority in their own homeland . 
  immigration on small scale and within the eu can be beneficial , i agree . 
  having grown up seeing many african/arab immigrants and their descendants self-segregate and preferring their culture over dutch culture , i have little faith in european culture surviving if africans and arabs become a majority later this century . 
   us only became more powerful due to immigration tell that to the natives . 
  not many no , due to the muslim population still being a minority . 
  though if you were to let african/arab immigrants come in here en-masse , they will gain a lot of numbers in the coming half century . 
  the more there are , the ` braver ' they get , the more social and political power they get , the more they can get away with . 
  in many cities in europe you see immigrants of islamic beliefs sticking together , self-segregating into what you could call ` muslim areas ' . 
  even sporadic attempts to enforce their believes on others who wander into ` their neighborhood ' . 
  the more islam in europe grows , the more we will encounter the rough edges and growing pains of islamic faith .
