  i 'm against immigration and think most of these people are economic immigrants rather than people fleeing for their lives . 
  but even i think this is a fucking low-blow . 
  well i live in the netherlands . 
  the catholic church here has not tried lynching my brother for being gay . 
  you 'd think putin would be laughing his ass off at the refugee 's blitz through europe and how the west is struggling with it . 
  massive social and economic stress caused by millions of africans and arabs migrating into europe the coming decades sure helps keeping nato/eu off his back . 
  holy shit , this guy would have made an awesome football player . 
  indeed , that 's what i meant when i said christianity in europe has lost most of its teeth . 
  but that took a very long time . 
  300-400 years ago different sects of christianity were committing atrocities upon each other that are not too different from what different islamic faiths are doing to each other in the middle-east today . 
  as an atheist , i prefer seeing christian being the dominant religion in europe , as opposed to seeing islam dominating europe . 
  the worst the christians here will try to do to me is ask me if i 'm interested in their religion . 
  the worst the muslims would do to me ... well ... probably a few steps beyond that . 
  we could kiss bacon goodbye ... christianity in europe has lost most of its teeth and though there are exceptions they are ( to a degree ) more compatible with atheists than islam is . 
   http://www.dualcitizenship.com/countries/netherlands.html there are exceptions ... a lot of them it seems . 
   refugee-prison cities wow , so you turn the term refugee camps into refugee-prisons . 
  that 's a nice `` argument '' you got there . 
  i 'm done talking with you . 
  just 30 sec ago the dutch radio news broadcast referred to him as a muslim soldier in the dutch army . 
  it is not certain , but probable that he is of moroccan/turkish descent as those are the largest non-dutch ethnic groups in the netherlands . 
  ethnic dutchmen converting to islam is not out of the question , but far less probable . 
  regardless of his ethnic or religious state , he 's a fucking traitor to his country and fellow soldiers . 
  i hope one of our f-16 's drops a fucking bomb on him soon . 
  as a dutchmen , i smell profit !, 
   the idea that there is some sort of silver bullet solution is exactly what makes it such a naive idea . 
  it is not a silver bullet solution , there are plenty of issues that would need to be worked on and i 'm well aware of that . 
  but it is far more of a solution than letting these people just pack up and leave for europe , giving up their homeland but bringing along the culture from which this mess spawned * ( granted , ` helped ' by certain western nations sticking their noses in middle-eastern business ) * . 
  and somehow expecting that it will not have negative effects on native european cultures . 
  meanwhile the violence will spread as there are no enforced borders or well-funded/trained military to contain it and counter it . 
  so the coming decades the violence will just creep towards and into europe . 
   temporarily into societies you are making the assumption that they will be here temporarily . 
  an ama with a syrian refugee living in the netherlands revealed he and his fellow syrians fear being deported back to syria when the war ends , as they feel their old country is lost . 
  but he had not found a job either in the 2 years he has been here . 
  seems they have no desire to go back once they are here . 
   it will put a bit of a strain on europe , but at the same time , europe is facing a demographic crisis i think you mean population rather than demographics crisis . 
  if we do not encourage the local population to have more kids , and at the same time keep inviting more immigrants/refugees who often do not integrate properly , you will face a demographic crisis as immigrant population starts to outnumber native population . 
  as a result , native culture , religion and traditions decline . 
  population crisis is something we can fix ourselves by encouraging the native population to have more kids . 
  that may or may not work , but our governments are not even trying it but go strait for plan b : import other people . 
   do you think turkey , lebanon , and jordan are on board with this idea ? 
  turkey might be , as they have huge amounts of syrian refugees scattered all over their nation . 
  furthermore , as a military presence has been built up , it becomes possible to creep forward and liberate and rebuild existing villages in syria . 
   we have seen similar things happen around europe indeed , every year thousands of dutchmen willingly subject themselves to living in similar tents in overcrowded camping spots . 
  and they pay good money for the privilege to do so . 
  it is a tragedy really ... 
  ok , yeah i could not turn on the sound as i 'm currently at work . 
  thanks , 
  no information on where this is or when ? 
  judging by the watermark it is in italy ? 
  * ( youreporter.it ) *, 
  just vacationing again ? 
  sounds good . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  thanks , what about your solution ? 
   but germany actually needs immigrants . 
  we have a fertility rate of about 1.4 , without them germany will die out fairly soon . 
  and how much effort was taken by our governments to try to boost native fertility rate ? 
  i find it pretty damn pathetic that their first and only response is to say * `` well we need immigrants from the middle-east and africa '' * . 
  not giving a shit what that means for the long term stability of the native cultures . 
  so caught up in playing multi-culti-twister they forget there actually is a native culture that people can be proud of and is something worth preserving and keeping strong . 
  japan is facing the same replacement deficiency but is taking steps to counter it : https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/japanese-govt-unveils-plan-to-increase-fertility-rate-to-1.8 that , coupled with a very strict immigration policy and increased reliance on technology to remain productive with less people , will keep japanese people and culture alive and kicking for the coming centuries . 
  i understand that we need a certain amount of immigration , but sheez ... i wish they would at least try to make it more enticing for people to have babies and still have successful careers . 
  2008-2013 was a horrible time for the it industry . 
  it is only the past two years that things have become better again . 
  give them a list of police shooting up the wrong house ? 
  the refugee villages could have schools with teachers from their own land . 
  and of course we will need people to help out around the village . 
  keeping it clean , distributing goods , building little housings just big enough for a family or a few single men . 
  little doctor 's clinics can be set up , run by their own doctors . 
  nearby fields could be used for some light farming . 
  you keep people productive , you keep them working together in their familiar culture , you keep them safe and you show you care about their well-being . 
  un peacekeeping forces ( like you would expect to actually fucking be used in a situation like this ) can create dmz 's enforced by airpower , heavy infantry , armor and artillery . 
  no srebrenicia bullshit where things are unclear and we let armored columns just roll into enclaves . 
  this time we do it right . 
  sounds impossible ? 
  germanic tribes had mobile civilizations almost 2000 years ago . 
  modern day tech and economy is more than capable of making this happen . 
  if the shitload of money we sent to greece was used to build little safe havens like i described we would have plenty of means to do it . 
  ** ( edit : no offense to greeks was meant ) ** if you truly are looking at a `` nation on the move '' with people from all walks of life you are looking at a miniature society that has the skills to make this happen . 
  all they need is financial and material support from the first world to make it happen . 
  an investment that in the long run will likely be cheaper than trying ( and failing epically ) to integrate them into our cultures . 
  refugee camps do not have to be tent camps with huge dumps of squalor and misery . 
  people want to help those who help themselves . 
  i am certain that if this approach was ( will ) be used , the amount of people from europe willing to donate time/money/resources will be a lot higher than if you tell your folks to make room because they will now be part of your culture , whether you like it or not . 
  offer the refugee groups security , oversight and materials and they can build temporary villages while preparing their skills , keeping their cultural connections and ensuring that when the time comes , they can actually return home and have the means to rebuild their homeland . 
  unless of course they spit at this sort of help and just keep chanting * `` germany !, 
  germany !, 
  europe ! '' * . 
  in that case they just show they are the lowest common denominators . 
  yes , this will cost a lot of money , and yes it will kick some people in the shins due to seeing like `` western meddling '' or `` colonialism '' . 
  but do people `` want a fucking solution or not ? '', 
  would be my question to them . 
  nothing personal to you / u/zyllber . 
  i merely latched on to your comment as a means to express the solution i would want the eu/un to take . 
  how dare they try to identify and register all these people to sort out who actually deserves refugee status ? 
  nazi 's , all of them !, 
  next thing you know , they will be offering them free showers !, 
  well shit ... 
  i am wondering if he was a new arrival , or someone who has been here for years , or was born here . 
   the german labour union ( ! ),
