  and for a 2nd generation immigrant who was born in the netherlands he had a massive accent and his grasp of the dutch language in writing was atrocious . 
  our boss let him go earlier this month . 
  did not seem to faze him as the swaggered out the door while on his phone . 
  i wish i did not come across as xenophobic but my opinion was only formed by what i have seen . 
  even the positive examples of immigration from turks , moroccans , serbs and albanians have huge amounts self-segregation . 
  yeah i know they often live in the same low-income areas due to not having much income but there are several areas with the same rent levels in my town and they still prefer to live among `` their own people '' , which is their choice and only harms their acceptance as one of our own . 
  examples ? 
  i brought my car to a local garage owned by a turkish immigrant 's son . 
  pretty decent guy , talkative and friendly . 
  except his dutch was rather poor , heavily accented despite being born and raised here and the only people he hires are people from the middle-east who did not speak a single word of dutch , turkish flags hung up in his office and blasting turkish music . 
  so much for integration and multiculturalism ... did a pro job fixing my a/c though . 
  so the job thing he had , but he still was a turkish guy living in the netherlands , instead of a dutchman of turkish ancestry . 
  i had a turkish barber for most of my life . 
  wonderful lady who used to be very westernized until she met another turkish guy who was a welfare sucking asshole . 
  they eventually returned to turkey . 
  damn shame she ended up with that guy as she was one of the few positive views i had of immigrants successfully integrating ... until her strictly islamic husband made her stop cutting the hair of male clients ( she went against him and kept myself , my brother and father as clients ) . 
  i seriously doubt just giving them jobs will fix the issue and prevent them from disturbing and replacing the native european cultures . 
  replacement is not enrichment . 
   i do n't seriously think there is any risk to europe losing its culture . 
  clearly you should take a stroll in some of the neighborhoods in my town . 
  or explodes while trying to . 
   also you look like the count from sesame street ( that 's a compliment ) true , that guy has style . 
  i guess that 's why the serbian police has to ban anti-immigration protests ? 
   it is about tailoring news stories to fit some political agenda or perhaps tailored to what matters more to the people living in the western world , stuff closer to home . 
  which would be logical if you ask me . 
  seems to me most people do not want to harm or punish the illegal immigrants at all , they just do not want them to come into europe in such huge numbers . 
  much anger and hate comes from the fact that these guys just keep coming in larger numbers and our governments are ineffectual dumbasses who are often completely out of touch with life in our cities and towns . 
  too busy playing * `` multiculti twister '' * that they forget there is an actually existing native culture whose population numbers are dwindling . 
  i do not hate immigrants , i think having some minorities ( max 20 % of demographic ) in european nations is a good thing as it helps reduce prejudice and bias or flat out racism . 
  i want those people in africa and the middle-east to have an equal standard of living as i have , which is why i support endeavors to improve their infrastructure , stability and economic progress . 
  i want them to have a good life in their homeland , not mine . 
  i do not want them to flood into europe to the point where my future grandchildren will be a ethnic/cultural/religious minority in their own homeland . 
  because then you are at the mercy of the good will and values of those who now have a majority . 
  and having personally seen how many immigrants and descendants of immigrants from african/arab origin just fail to integrate , prefer to self-segregate and mock our culture ... i certainly do not want to gamble on them caring about my feelings or cultural heritage . 
  compassion and charity are noble ideals which we must pursue as first world nations . 
  but you should do so from a position of strength back home . 
  you should not even risk the stability and cultural integrity/continuation of your own people . 
  the failure of governments to take effective action scares people , makes them fear for their future and that of their descendants . 
  and fear leads to anger , hate , etc , etc, 
   i do n't care who you 're parents are no person should be considered ` above ' someone else purely based on his birth , and the fact that we ( the dutch people ) actively or passively support such a practice is annoying to say the very least . 
  hehe ... silly peasant thinks he 's equal . 
  i like you , i 'll flog you to death last when i take over the throne . 
  i agree , we should save from drowning ... and then send them back to the port of origin . 
  because if we ferry them across to europe we only encourage more of them to risk their lives and drown . 
  we play into the smugglers and illegal migrants hands like a bunch of fucking idiots . 
  the dutch monarchy is actually quite active in starting talks that lead to trade agreements , acting like representatives of the netherlands , supporting and encouraging sport , culture and charity events . 
  when our current king was still a crown-prince he was heavily involved in bringing awareness to ( clean ) water management and the preciousness of drinking water . 
  they cost a lot of taxpayer 's money , but i think most people are unaware of how much they do in return . 
  i 'm personally perfectly ok with keeping the monarchy as long as the amount of money they cost us gets reduced a bit . 
  no mister irishman , you see : when not wear helmet , you will not fall , out of fear of brain damage . 
  survival of the cyclist . 
  russia does not recognize dissidents !, 
  more and more europeans are starting to vote for right-wing and/or anti-immigration parties . 
  a disconcerting trend , but if the other parties just keep holding each other 's dicks instead of protecting their native peoples , it is inevitable . 
  or , you know , they could apply for migration legally . 
  by presenting their documents and proof of identification . 
  instead they throw it all away , infiltrate the eu illegally by taking advantage of our pathetic ` leaders ' not controlling our borders , and now they sit around expecting , no , demanding , that we settle them and take them in as our own and give them free stuff . 
  fuck that shit, 
  what a bunch of cowardly jackasses . 
  true , it is not related to what was written by others . 
  but it was not my intention to relate those two . 
  i merely added my opinion as an extra addition . 
  an anecdote so to speak . 
  discussions involve opinions and points-of-view , which equate to pushing your personal agenda . 
  if i state my opinion on this immigrant issue ( ! ), 
  i am `` pushing '' an agenda that could be seen as quite ` nationalistic ' and right-winged in the eyes of others . 
  you are free to ignore opinions and comments you do not like . 
  nobody is forcing you to read them or agree with them . 
  * ( in short : keep refugees in eu/un established and funded camps in or close to their homelands . 
  make sure those people get healthy food , water , medicine and clean temp-housing . 
  education for the little ones . 
  kick the illegal/economic immigrants back to where they came from because they are just exploiting the situation ) *, 
  sounds like a medical condition where you get massive stomach cramps from eating too much chocolate ... 
   * `` omg colonism !, 
  filthy shitlord mighty whitey thinks he knows better !, 
  burn all the useful shit he build for us !!, 
  ! ... but do continue to give us all your money ... '' * the above reaction is pretty much what i expect to get if the eu does what you propose . 
  i thought it said syrian rebels and wondered what the hell they had to do with greek politics ... 
   it really makes me shudder what society will look like under the control of the millennial generation in 20-30 years times . 
  very african and/or arab . 
  bloody hell , europa universalis in here as well ? 
  refugee status also stops if a person migrates into a country beyond the first nation where they are no longer threatened by war or persecution . 
  and that 's what many of these people want to do * ( move deeper into europe to get the piles of gold the goddamn smugglers promised them ) * . 
   always assumed it also happened across the german border . 
  well , that tends to be the direction we point our projectiles towards . 
  * ( if we use an old football or w/e to seal the muzzle ) *, 
  i did it a few times back when i was in my late teens / twenties . 
  nice loud kaboom-booms . 
  good fun . 
  you got ta roll them into blunts first ... fucking amateurs . 
  they do not want to fight for their homeland ... so they invade softer , squishier lands and start fights there ? 
   european populations must embrace diversity to undermine homogeneity until all differences between them disappear . 
  i take it you are from japan judging by your flair ? 
  you have any idea how hypocrite this statement makes you in light of japan 's strong preference for cultural/ethnic preservation despite their declining population ? 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32788ff0-ea00-11e3-99ed-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3i1nnguwz before commenting on europe 's immigration policy and preference to preserve their culture , please change the one of your own nation . 
  mind you , this is all based upon your flair identifying you as japanese . 
   for me , when explosive things come out it is rioting . 
  well , or new year 's eve , 
  perhaps more protest than riot . 
  unless i missed something .
