  they should be protected and housed for as long as their homeland is unsafe , but returned once their homeland has stabilized . 
  though this decision should be made on a per-family basis . 
  immigrants are fortune-seeking leeches , mostly males of working age , who come to europe to take advantage of our welfare system and economy . 
  they are more inclined to claim and demand things from the evil white entitled europeans . 
  these should be shipped back to where they came from . 
  if they bolt and run from their homeland and families , they have proven to be the kind of people we do not wish to have . 
  migrantees . 
  the article seems to suggest actual deportation , not just being handed a deportation letter or being told to leave . 
  italy 's stance can not be blamed . 
  they are in the front line of a fucking mass migration . 
  but allowing the migrants to move into the rest of europe means the rest of them in africa will be very much compelled to get on the boats as well . 
  british-english and american-english , so hard to tell them apart !, 
  no overpopulation issue in africa you mean ? 
  googled it . 
  i ended up with civil engineer ... ? 
  you can , if you take a stern approach and just ship them right back where they came from . 
  build a few decent and clean camps in africa and ship them food and water . 
  families from war-torn nations are actual refugees who deserve a safe ( but temporary ) haven in europe . 
  the deadbeats we see in op 's video can just go back where they came from . 
  do that a few months or years and they will get the message that they are not getting in and they will stop coming . 
  africa 's exploding population is not europe 's fault . 
  european nations could step up their food/water , education and aid programs for african nations though . 
  help them help themselves . 
  i wish we had pre-ww2 data on that chart . 
  you are right :(, 
  the shrinking native population could reverse itself in the future . 
  it has not been declining that long , only a decade or two perhaps ? 
  combined with that is the fact that people tend to focus on careers and stay in college/uni longer . 
  if i use myself as an example , i studied until i was 25 and then i had to spend a few years trying to find a stable job because the economy is/was shit . 
  now that i finally have a stable income , housing and transport i am going to start dating again ... i 'm turning 32 in a few months . 
  i guess i have another 10-15 years time to find someone to put some babies in . 
  :p the time where most people could stay in class that long is ending . 
  government scholarships are now all turned into loans in my country and both my nephews ( teenagers ) are being advised not to go for higher education unless they are really sure about it . 
  only those of higher/richer classes will be able to afford higher education . 
  if they went the same road i went , they would have a debt the rest of their lives . 
  the coming generation will end up becoming part of the ( lower skilled ) workforce a lot sooner , and forced to take the kind of jobs my father worked at : in factories . 
  it is thought that this tends to result in people starting ( bigger ) families sooner . 
  it may also explain why africa 's population is a-booming . 
  also , since pensions and retirement funds are being creamed off by governments there seems to be a recurring and growing motivation to have kids : so they can provide for you when you retire . 
  i can definitely see this being a strong motivation for my teenage nephews to have bigger families when they have grown up . 
   what goverments can do to soften the effects on their population . 
  do what the ancient greeks did . 
  invade , enslave , make them work off their debt . 
  i see a lot of healthy , young men who have potential to improve things in their homeland if they get the right tools and opportunity for it . 
  and i see them coming to the strongest economy in europe and somehow demanding to stay . 
  i see fortune seekers looking for handouts and compete with the local population for jobs . 
  i do not see refugees who deserve and actually need europe 's assistance . 
  ship them back , tell them to improve their country . 
  i will continue to donate to development and relief aid , but next elections i will also vote for whichever political party in my country has a strong anti-immigrant stance . 
  i gladly help those who help themselves in their own lands , but i will not help them mess up the stability and culture of my homeland . 
  if they make baseless demands when they are a minority , imagine their demands when they have become a sizable demographic in europe 50 years from now . 
   * i do n't want my tax money to go on thousands of random africans . 
  * yeah , as much as i would like these people to have happiness and stability , i also want to retire some day . 
  if we keep taking these people in at this rate i will have to work till the day i die . 
  or end up in some crappy low budget nursing home where i can lie in my own shit for several years . 
   i say uk and the whole eu should deport all those people back to their respective countries . 
  i think i read a few times that they just refuse to say where they came from . 
  and it seems it is illegal for the eu to dump them on the coast of some african nation such as libya . 
   also african countries have the right to block the boats coming back . 
  you see , this is something i do not get . 
  african governments are responsible for their people , are they not ? 
  hah , thanks . 
  maybe next time !, 
   * is it true most of it was recovered from the ocean . 
  * the ocean is our bitch . 
    nah , not most of the land but a sizable chunk for sure . 
  the land was reclaimed from both the sea and the many swamps further inland . 
  we have several major rivers flowing through our land , and half our land is below sea level , so there were lots of swamps and lots of flooding . 
  in medieval times they used windmills and dikes to drain and reclaim most of the swamps and little pieces of ocean here and there . 
  i think the majority of reclaimation and poldering projects focused on preventing long term flooding from rivers and turning swamps into useful land for agriculture . 
  http://www.planetware.com/i/map/nl/land-reclamation-on-the-north-sea-coast-map.jpg the above map shows land reclaimed from the north sea in the past centuries , but does not detail swamp land converted into usable land . 
  see that big orange blob called flevoland in the middle of that map ? 
  that 's an entire province that was reclaimed from the sea . 
  my brother lives there and it actually looks beautiful . 
  atheist dutchman living in the netherlands here . 
  i have seen some outstanding and productive muslims from moroccan/turkish/arab descent in the netherlands who have fully integrated . 
  in fact , one of them is going to do my car 's annual safety check next week , so i am kinda trusting him with my road safety . 
  as long as they do not hurt others or try to enforce their religion upon others i will not have any issues with them . 
  if i see a arab/muslim/african in need of assistance with anything i 'd be just as willing to help them out as if they were native dutch , catholic , christian , buddhist , atheist or jewish . 
  however , i also see a higher percentage of muslims in schools nowadays compared to when i was a kid in the 90 's . 
  and i see more muslims forming little ` colonies ' in our cities and towns . 
  i see them becoming more confrontational against those who are not part of their culture . 
  and i see them becoming more and more sympathetic to extremism . 
  and i vividly remember seeing cars full of muslims riding by and cheering when 9/11 happened . 
  that , combined with the massive increase in immigrants from the muslim/arab world makes me worried about the stability and future of native dutchmen and our culture . 
  big migrations and religious imbalance puts strains on native populations and governments should not be afraid to be say no to more immigrants . 
  * ( note : refugees and immigrants are not always the same thing ) * i think muslims can only coexist with my country if they remain a minority . 
  because i worry that if they ever become a majority they will gladly force their culture and rules upon the native population . 
  and the native european/germanic population will go down the same road as native americans in the usa . 
  but where would you go ? 
  you are not wrong , in my opinion . 
  actually , i was never taught anything about the muslim invasions of europe back in school . 
  ( netherlands ), 
  well any dutchman `` registered '' as having insulted ergodan would be better off not going on a summer holiday to turkey . 
  or it will awkwardly lean over . 
  yes , it was in nl . 
  a dutch news article states that 180.000 people have crossed the mediterranean sea this year , so far . 
  and it states that 800 of them have died in the process . 
  that 's a 0.5 % chance of dying from crossing the mediterranean . 
  better odds than i expected .
