  when do you make the decision they are extremists when they have not broken the law or openly revealed themselves ? 
  i 'm not saying i disagree with you , but it is very hard to separate muslim extremists from muslims who would respect and embrace the existing european cultures . 
   firstly , we need strong and harmonized legislative frameworks for legal gun possession at the national level across the eu . 
  huh ? 
  the world 's political situation can change rapidly and a capital ship like a carrier can easily find itself having to defend against provocations or attacks from modern armies . 
  no-one knows exactly what will happen the coming months , and so you make sure your battle-group is flexible enough to handle as many different scenario 's as possible . 
  isis supporters can also be found among the armies of friendly nations . 
  though unlikely , it is not impossible that a fighter pilot of one of those nations breaks off from his patrol to try to kamikaze himself on to the deck of the cdg . 
  the un refuses and prefers to send another sternly worded letter . 
  the un also pushes france to take in more migrants/refugees from a radically different culture . 
  sounds like an abusive relationship . 
  oz-straya , cunt !, 
  what would you propose ? 
  i think you would run into all sorts of emotional problems if every death , misery and sadness in the entire world affected you equally . 
  perhaps that 's why humans are wired to `` filter out '' stuff that is further away from them ? 
  just guessing , i 'm no scientist . 
  i prefer having dutchmen living next door but if that 's not possible i prefer having polish immigrants living next door , compared to having arab/muslims neighbors . 
  western media and audience would consider western lives more important . 
  this is not evil or unethical but logical . 
  it is how humans work , even though it may not seem fair . 
  paris is only 460 km away from where i live , compared to 3100 km from here to beirut . 
  the people involved are also culturally and ethnically more similar to my own people compared to those who died in beirut . 
  is it awful that people die to terrorism , regardless of who does the dying ? 
  yes , of course we find it all awful . 
  but the closer to home something hits , the more it concerns us . 
  you mean people in / r/europe talking more about what happened in beirut and baghdad ? 
   it 's going to get really hard to be muslim in france . 
  about as hard as being a non-muslim in a muslim dominated country or residential area . 
  father lenin ... basically . 
  [ bit off-topic ] . 
  it may look similar but darth vader 's helmet was inspired by japanese samurai helmets ( https://www.medievalarmour.com/images/category/medium/789.png ) . 
  in-fact , eastern religion and sword combat was a big inspiration for the whole jedi/force thing . 
  those tents look a hell of a lot better than i expected . 
  heating costs money , damn-it !, 
  just suck it up !, 
  shivering burns calories so hypothermia is good for you . 
  perhaps they do not even make a distinction between the two . 
  not compatible with western civilization . 
  holy shit , that 's childish . 
  pathetic bullies . 
  the closing of the community center was the spark that ignited the mess . 
  i agree that the bigger problem is the immigrant youths rebelling against government/society . 
   the gelderland town of ede is currently grappling with a gang of youngsters who have been rioting and setting cars on fire . 
  moroccan immigrant youths who believe it is fine to destroy other people 's property because their community center was closed . 
   the belgians on the ( parsimonious ) dutch :  dutch husband to dutch wife : `` put your coat on , dear . '' `` why , darling , are we going out ? '' `` no , i am . 
  so i 'll just turn the heating off . '' heh , got ta remember that one . 
  this is cute . 
  voting duty completed . 
  good point . 
  should imprison them instead , until they come up with answers . 
  for this insult , i will crush germany in my next hoi playthrough !, 
  that 's not possible i 'm afraid . 
  dutch police cars require paved roads . 
  libyan coast guard has my permission to sink the fuck out of that ngo ship . 
  excellent !, 
  the migrants will get fed up with trying to keep up with the genders and gender norms and go back to africa and the middle-east . 
  ... diabolically clever !, 
  this is a structural issue . 
  this requires a structural solution . 
  the moment those folks find out they are getting deported they will resist with force , which means the army would have to use ( possibly deadly ) force to grab them and kick them out . 
  of course a lot of them will have thrown away their papers and refuse to say where they are from . 
  something extreme-left , liberal `` no-borders '' hippies have advised them to do in such situations . 
  result will be the west seeing french soldiers rounding up blacks/browns for deportation . 
  media and left/central parties throughout europe and north-america will scream bloody murder and a lot of comparisons with nazi 's , fascism and racists will be made . 
  result : political suicide for whoever makes these decisions . 
  better to let a few peasants die while ignoring the issue . 
  yeah i can imagine this news will not be received well in poland . 
  zeppelin kamikaze attacks ? 
  they are underwater . 
  they were told that would give them the traditional , authentic , dutch experience . 
  you are right , there is always a way to make an attack but i would not call it utterly useless . 
  the more security measures are in place , the lower the likelihood of a successful attack , or the lower the amount of casualties . 
  most lone wolf terrorists will not be tactical masterminds . 
  your locks will not stop a determined and experienced burglar from breaking into your house but it will make many of them give up , or delay them to the point of being caught . 
  it seems it happened at the checkpoints when the crowd was moving outside when the concert had ended . 
  that 's where/when the largest group of people will be just outside the area where people are searched . 
  i was expecting a single , large tower for some reason ... also missing filthy peasants working in fields . 
  dutchmen celebrating the return of king zaaddam hoezijn . 
  so are the canadians . 
  of all the nations in the world that i would want to send shit-tons of aid , troops or support to when disaster or war strikes , canada is at the top of my list . 
  probably caused by growing up near a small memorial for 6 canadian soldiers who were captured and executed during ww2 while liberating the netherlands . 
  we owe your people one . 
  it just takes practice . 
  easier to walk in than high heels . 
  i tried both ( do n't ask ) . 
  nope . 
  the insides are smooth and the wood is usually of a kind that does not splinter easily . 
  on top of that it is possible to buy clogs with fabric on the insides , or which are lacquered . 
  so getting splinters in your feet is practically impossible . 
  there are shops that specialize in making them the old fashioned way , but they are a rare sight . 
  most of their customers are tourists who will not actually wear the clogs , but use them as decorative items . 
  actually , i believe my mother once used my dad 's old clogs as make-shift flower pots . 
  many garden centers , especially those in the more rural areas of the netherlands sell mass-produced clogs . 
  that 's where my dad has gotten his , and where i got mine when i was a little boy helping my dad in the garden . 
  also usable as impromptu blunt force instruments . 
  my father still does , when he works in the garden . 
  bloeeeed, 
  proof people care more about a building dedicated to some imaginary jackass than housing for common citizens . 
  well as i mentioned :  or ** go home to his farm ** and family but made to look after horses used by the german military . 
  to clarify : he was allowed to work at his own farm in the netherlands .
