  they are more likely to work harder to integrate with us and earn their stay . 
  unfortunately , mass immigration and declining indigenous population will make them think * `` why integrate ? 
  i live in a muslim area , speak arabic to my neighbors , go to a muslim-owned shop , we are starting muslim-oriented political parties , my kids are going to schools with other arab-muslim kids and are taught muslim values . 
  hollandistan is great !, 
  '' * you can not change human nature . 
  what you can do is create nations/cultures where the indigenous people are stable and do not feel threatened . 
  in return , respect for minorities and other nations should be a high priority . 
  but when the indigenous people stop being the majority in western europe , as they have been for since the bronze age , shit will be fucked as tribal struggles for dominance erupt . 
  from both sides . 
  i see lots of racism references on those signs . 
  that 's great , very helpful to shut down any sort of discussion or solution by simply branding everyone who is not for open borders a racist . 
  the guy in the mobility scooter @ 5:55 looked familiar . 
  [ i think i found out his true identity !, 
  ** edit : ** nevermind , i did not see the part saying `` born in other eu countries '' . 
  derp moment . 
   the demo was in support of freedom of movement , the right to work , right to education , the right to live in dignity and equal human rights for all . 
  poor basterds . 
  i hope they died without much suffering . 
  stormfront are a bunch of racists assholes . 
  the person you replied to merely spoke out about the demographic issues faced by ethnic europeans . 
  you just keep slamming that branding iron into people 's faces who are concerned about their cultural/ethnic future . 
  i 'm sure that will help . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df9v8pomuxg here is one that explains the eu demographic issue for germany . 
  the references used can be looked up if you like . 
  you clearly have no idea about the demographic issue the eu nations are going to face in the coming generation , when the baby-boom generation has died off . 
  should n't they be sent back once the fighting stops ? 
  does turkey have the legal/right means to send all the syrians back ? 
  that would destroy our demographic and cause us to cease being native european cultures in a few decades . 
  we should stabilize syria as soon as possible so turkey can send the refugees back home , and the eu should have made a deal to donate 6 billion for refugee aid if turkey keeps the refugees from heading into wellfarehalla . 
  the south will rise again !, 
  these cunt-nuggets have disgraced our nation with their behavior . 
  they should be identified and banned from entering football stadiums for the rest of their lives . 
  a severe beating would also help . 
  football fans ... filthy peasant scum . 
  people are willing to take the risk , or are unaware of the risks involved . 
  * `` it will happen to some other guy '' * is probably not an uncommon thought . 
  the same probably also applied to those immigrants who left safe , but poor , living conditions in europe back in the 1800 's . 
   from 1836 to 1914 , over 30 million europeans migrated to the united states . 
  [ 18 ] the death rate on these transatlantic voyages was high , during which one in seven travelers died . 
   source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_the_united_states, 
  ** ^ ^ the ^ ^ spice ^ ^ must ^ ^ flow !, 
  i support a rational sense of nationalism . 
  feeling good about the accomplishments of your nation , but also ashamed of the bad things and making amends for it . 
  i support preserving our indigenous/native demographic and culture as a dominant majority ( say : 70-80 % ) , but i also think minorities should be treated with respect and given the chance to integrate and live among us without being prosecuted or discriminated against . 
  leaning to one side too much , and you risk becoming a xenophobic and racist people . 
  lean too much on the other side , and you risk losing your national/cultural/ethnic identity , and thus lose control over your own homeland . 
  as for international policy , i think we should do well to respect other nations and build stable friendships with them . 
  but at the same time not become too dependent on them ( as even the best of friends can let you down ) . 
   even after 23 years in germany , he has remained a foreigner . 
  well , no shit . 
  if you do not speak the german language after living in germany for 23 years , of course you will remain an outsider . 
  germanic/celtic . 
  should say germanic/celtic rather than nordic i think . 
  sounds like you experienced being harassed , bullied or discriminated against despite trying your best to fit in ? 
  can you give examples of what happened ? 
  i 'd give you an upvote , but i 'm saving them up for a rainy day . 
  you can be on friendly terms with your neighbors without forcing everyone to become one big dysfunctional family . 
  poor hood ... poor , poor hood :(, 
  i prefer fries and bitterballen over kebab stands . 
  well according to the dictionary , the public is wrong . 
   the guy driving the train was the only casualty . 
  the only fatality . 
  injuries also count as casualties . 
  yeah i read that one as well , but my reply would still be `` really , that 's it ? '' . 
  sure , he sounds a bit like a twat , but that should not be enough to arrest someone . 
  his only threat was to spit a councillor in the face if a girl gets assaulted by the ` refugees ' . 
  really , that 's it ? 
  usa is part of nato . 
  gender segregated religion has no place in modern day europe . 
  tear it down , build something useful in its place . 
  i often pass by my old elementary/primary school when i go for a walk . 
  that school had maybe 10 % kids of foreign descent in it 20 years ago . 
  now it is like 60 % kids of foreign descent . 
  and if i had kids i would not put them in there . 
  hitler did find it a shame . 
  i think / u/nailertn was being sarcastic and/or sassy , considering the rest of his post . 
  deport ? 
  you mean imprison ? 
  no link between eu leaders and reality . 
   what did these people expect to find in christian france ? 
  new land to conquer and spread their own faith in . 
   turning into everything it criticises middle eastern countries for . 
  that 's because we keep letting middle-easterners into our territory . 
  2020 : imf pushes for a 50 % non-native quota in all minimum wage jobs . 
  not just a labor problem . 
  a vastly different cultural , religious and racial identity is going to cause major unrest and instability in the long run . 
   the vehicles parked on the edge of the camp were completely destroyed by the blaze that occurred overnight on friday predictable as hell ... 
   just get a piercing or fuck something . 
  crowd ! = one of the sexual assailants . 
  what / u/quinineglow wrote is a reasonable escalation of force used to protect people who are unable to defend themselves from a violent , uncivilized crowd . 
  fire warning shots first , shoot one of the aggressors if that does not work . 
  shoot them all if the zombies keep coming . 
  * `` owh , look !, 
  butterfly !, 
  civil unrest , burning down of mosques , refugee centers , random native vs immigrant violence on the streets , etc. 
  owh damn ... i wonder how many of those women who were assaulted will end up feeling like the government considers it their own fault . 
  the reclaimation has begun !, 
  prepare your waffles !, 
  more pizza !, 
   how about we just exclude the extremists how do you define them ?
