  but tell someone from japan there is little difference between them and the chinese and you may end up with a katana to the face . 
  dutch and german cultures have a common ancestor but split apart during the 1500 's and are now distinct cultural identities . 
  still , from the perspective of an american , and indeed many redditors , the dutch are simply swamp-germans . 
  and comparing the dutch to germans can result in the dutch muttering and gnashing their teeth a bit . 
  as a dutchman i 'd be more comfortable absorbing and integrating danish , german , english , french , norse , swedish , irish , scottish immigrants/refugees than i am with immigrants/refugees from africa , the middle-east or asia . 
  there is simply a bigger chance of successful integration and less of a culture difference . 
  anyway , i could be wrong and maybe i 'm just racist . 
  just my two cents . 
  personally i 'd rather not absorb/integrate syrian refugees and just keep them in the local area , the closest safe area to be specific . 
  europe should send ( more ) money , supplies and manpower to help the turks deal with this though . 
  man , that would suck . 
  that actually makes quite a bit of sense now that you mention it . 
  fair point , cheers . 
  if education has nothing to do with it i do not understand why you see lower class families seemingly having more kids . 
  ( i do not have numbers or hard evidence , just my observation which may be skewed ) i take it you are from germany , perhaps your experiences are different . 
  yeah , i spent nearly a decade on it related college and university courses . 
  5 years later it turns out i forgot most of it and will never need it anyway . 
  luckily i am a male in my early 30 's and have about 10-15 years left to find a mate to construct some mini-me 's with . 
  after that , i run the risk of my ` blueprints ' starting to become defective . 
  ... still have 20k euros in student loans to repay though . 
  :( on the other hand , certain other professions require shiploads of studying for good reason , such as medicine , science and engineering . 
   i think you need to replace this in context . 
  if your gvt did a major screw up ( in addition of beeing corrupted ) , would you personaly feel responsible ? 
  i would probably not . 
  interesting question . 
  i think the overly vast majority of people living in democratic nations would not feel responsible in such as situation . 
  but i personally would feel responsible if the people i voted for drive the country into ruin . 
  i would feel that i put them in the position to do so . 
  whether i can actually do something with that feeling of responsibility , eh , probably not much unless enough like-minded people join to demonstrate and riot against them in an attempt to force new elections and holding them accountable . 
  and here it is , the comparison to nazi 's . 
  you can not be anti-immigration and have a low opinion of illegal immigrants living off your country 's well-fare without being compared to nazi 's . 
  a far worse comparison to being called a leech . 
  hell , i 'd rather be a well-fare sucking leech than a genocidal nazi . 
  bloody brilliant , good job old chap . 
  i disagree . 
  calling them leeches describes their behavior , not what they are . 
  i still consider them humans . 
  if you think otherwise , well you are free to do so . 
  i guess i touched a nerve , hehehe . 
  your experience clearly is different from mine . 
  i stand by my opinion . 
  they stole land and resources from the native americans who are now reduced to a minority in their own homeland after theft and genocide . 
  i consider the usa a horrible example of mass migration displacing a native population who has the birthright to be there . 
   basing your dehumanization they are still humans . 
  even though they are fortune seeking leeches . 
  one does not exclude the other . 
  and yes , i know non-eu immigrants . 
  some positive experiences with those who came here a few decades ago or who are descendant of those immigrants . 
  sadly , most of the time i encounter non-eu immigrants they are the jobless fucks , or their kids , who form little immigrant neighborhoods in my hometown . 
  and they refuse to integrate and embrace their ` new homeland ' . 
  you know , perhaps i am being too harsh and i should have specified illegal immigrants rather than all immigrants . 
   if you think it is this easy , please think again . 
  i did not think this was easy to start with . 
  edit : your quote actually reinforces my statement that those who flee with families should get priority . 
  not within the context of europe vs rest of the world , no . 
  seeing as this is / r/europe , it makes sense ( to me anyway ) to use that context . 
  if you put it that way , yes it is a really nice way to put everyone in the same pot . 
  but i referred to immigrants `` who come to europe '' and you offered an example of people moving within the eu , which is something they are capable and legally allowed to do . 
  that 's comparing apples and oranges . 
  but i 'm sure the people from africa and the middle east who flock to europe and zerg-rush lorry 's heading to the uk are just really , really interested in having fish and chips and soaking up that fine british culture . 
   but i do n't want to fight , and i 'm not able to fight . 
  i 'm a software developer , not a soldier . 
  and i 'm a system admin . 
  i 'd shit my pants and cry out for my mommy if i were forced into combat . 
  still better than forcing a father to go to war and leaving behind a wife and child . 
  personally i would stay and fight for my homeland if we were invaded , though if i had a wife and kids i would instead focus on trying to get them the hell out of the country . 
  mind you , when i said fight for and improve your homeland i did not exclusively mean combat . 
  fighting to rebuild a nation during/after a conflict or natural disaster requires people willing to work hard to make their nation succeed again . 
  those people who make ends meet with bare minimum and improve things for themselves and fellow countrymen by hard work and innovation ? 
  fucking brilliant sonsofbitches who deserve funding and support from us . 
  the ones who are so desperately looking to move beyond the closest safe lands and try to get to germany and the uk ? 
  i 'm not all-knowing but that reeks of people who are unlikely to move back or give a shit about improving their homelands and just want to abandon ship and go for the easiest life possible . 
  understandable , but not desirable or sustainable . 
   and if you had space for 8 people ? 
  i think i know where you are going with this question . 
  if those 8 people were the only people to flee , i would take all 8 in . 
  if there is a good chance there is another load of refugees/immigrants coming in the near future , i would send away the single males and keep those 4 spots reserved for those among the next load who need aid the most . 
  no first-come-first-serve . 
   not sure why this would make me a lesser refugee . 
  because it makes you able to fight for and improve your homeland without fearing for the lives of those who depend on you . 
  in africa and the middle-east women and children are extremely vulnerable to being used as sex slaves or child soldiers . 
  not saying that men are not at risk at all or expendable , but those areas of the world do not exactly have the gender equality we see in the first world . 
  as a result , single men stand a better chance to survive in those cultures due to being more independent . 
  i 'm sure some feminists will consider that a shitlord statement but we are talking about third world countries in wartime conditions and heavy religious oppression against women . 
  people there do not roll their eyes at you burning your bra , they cut off your fucking head . 
  if i had to choose between sheltering a couple with two children , or 4 single males , i would shelter the family . 
  to answer your question . 
  i 'm a single , childless , white male in his early 30 's , living in north-western europe . 
  it is a goddamn shame it is either extreme right or extreme left . 
  i 'd like to vote on a party that will stop the mass immigration into europe but there is little choice but to vote extremely . 
  compassion and international maritime laws is why . 
  these boats are rickety and leaking , and sometimes the smugglers just scuttle the boats in sight of european civilian or military ships . 
  these ships are then morally and legally bound to save the immigrants from drowning but legally they are not allowed to land them back on libya 's coast . 
  which is why i think we should tell libya to go fuck itself and do it anyway . 
  we have more warships , if we consistently blockade libya and kick the immigrants back on their shores the immigrant stream will stop after a few months . 
  it is like a kid that keeps throwing a tantrum when it does not get what it wants and you keep giving in rather than saying no !, 
  and putting them in the corner . 
  by accepting and processing the immigrants you are rewarding their illegal crossing and fortune seeking ( ie : tantrum ) , which opens the flood gates to more of them . 
  eu needs to stop being scared of how the rest of the world might judge them , grow a spine and protect the sovereignty and stability of their own borders . 
  refugees are entire families of men , women and children fleeing for their lives and being grateful just to be away from a place where they get decapitated , raped , mutilated or plain murdered for existing .
