that 's awesome, 
  i dont get it, 
  yeah and i would be interested too , since all the shit happened, 
  poor baby, 
  cork , that 's cobh no ? 
  it destroys it , even with serious modding, 
  it 's a weird one is n't it, 
  all depends if i am rich or not . 
  i 'd love to live in a quiet spanish village near the sea . 
  cork always bigger than it thinks, 
  if i ever got some success i would go there for a few years definitely, 
  didnt see it on the news at all, 
  hello, 
  mine eyes the googles do nohting, 
  dont see him on the list, 
  that contributed to the discussion buddy . 
  by laughing at the ridiculous comment by a non irish person about our country . 
  get off your high horse please , you know fuck all about reddit and what downvotes are actually used for by the hive . 
  and do n't try and argue with me . 
  you do n't know as much as i do . 
  yes in many corners it was . 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
  no idea yet, 
  [ early tallies showing yes majorities ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/vote2015/2015/0523/703205-referendum-byelection/ ), 
  i think it was partly a fuck you to the church to be honest, 
  yeah i need to diet, 
  alcoholism and suicide, 
  that 's hysterical, 
  awesome, 
  there 's vague and there 's vague dude i have no idea what you are referring to, 
  explain it ? 
  the word cockpit was originally a sailing term for the coxswain 's station in a royal navy ship , and later the location of the ship 's rudder controls . 
  [ citation needed ] cockpit first appeared in the english language in the 1580s , `` a pit for fighting cocks '' , from cock + pit . 
  used in nautical sense ( 1706 ) for midshipmen 's compartment below decks ; transferred to airplanes ( 1914 ) and to cars ( 1930s ) . 
  [ 2 ] from about 1935 , [ citation needed ] cockpit came to be used informally to refer to the driver 's seat of a car , especially a high performance one , and this is official terminology in formula one . 
  again , i do n't care, 
  i really dont care what you think, 
  i never once said they did . 
  i said if i had taken them i would jesus wept, 
  i had no interest in my parents and love is n't something i ever treasured, 
  i wish i was given them when i was younger . 
  i think i 'd be a great success now if i had . 
  mainly , like you rent prostitutes you know no hard and fast, 
  same thing really, 
  seriously ? 
  stupid fucking backwards country, 
  yes, 
  makes sense to me, 
  yes the shopkeepers are under protection , the mafia are always on the run . 
  in fact the original title is the sensationalised one , which time often uses . 
  nothing changes in the content . 
  following your very rules there is nothing wrong with the post . 
  editorialised titles -  do not add your opinion/commentary to the article 's title . 
  i did n't . 
   do n't add something that is n't covered by the article , and do n't misrepresent the article . 
  i did n't . 
   adding a sentence verbatim from within the 1st paragraph or byline that is more representative of the content is generally ok but only where it improves clarity . 
  yes , that is why i did it . 
  it explains why they are under protection . 
  exactly which one ? 
  the death of a european in an extraordinary accident is hardly low quality . 
  it is breaking news more will come, 
   it 's criminally underrated, 
  brexit will go down as one of the dumbest pieces of democracy in action of this century, 
  they do n't . 
  including the peace programmes , northern ireland receives the second largest amount of eu funding in terms of percentage of regional gdp , behind scotland . 
  as for a particular region way behind several places in wales , scotland and cornwall, 
  no they voted for money , it was a massive thing , lies though but they bought it , and of course the dreaded ` they took ur jobs ', 
  i 've already clearly explained this above . 
  oh , but they did n't say that , as i have covered already . 
  in considerable detail . 
  in the very post you have referenced . 
  and the follow up . 
  i agree , but not arguing that though . 
  what would that be then ? 
   1.7 million jobs in manufacturing depend on eu trade , and on 47 % of all uk goods making their way across the channel . 
  based on treasury estimates of the reduction in trade that would result from brexit , nearly a quarter of a millions of these jobs would be endangered . 
  link would be nice, 
  you mean the ' only 12 % of the 1.6 million eu citizens working in the uk would meet visa requirements under the policies applied to people from the rest of the world . ', 
  yes it was http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/24/nigel-farage-350-million-pledge-to-fund-the-nhs-was-a-mistake/ http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-350-million-a-week-extra-for-the-nhs-only-an-aspiration-says-vote-leave-campaigner-chris-a7105246.html http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/brexit-latest-nigel-farage-nhs-pledge-350-million-pounds-eu-referendum-vote-leave-lie-a7100706.html http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/uk/2016/06/watch-brexit-lies-unravel-nigel-farage-calls-350m-week-promise-nhs-mistake http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/26/eu-referendum-brexit-vote-leave-iain-duncan-smith-nhs argue it was a tactic , it was still a bogus claim in the context of this conversation, 
  one was an outright lie . 
  did the other happen like that ? 
  the forecast was something like 1.7 % . 
  but the fact that jobs would be at risk was still right according to the research . 
  no one was claiming 3 million would be left without a job, 
  not really . 
  i just stated the facts of the case . 
  saying that number is linked is based on several research papers . 
  there is obviously a possibility that jobs may be affected from leaving . 
  it does not say that 3 million jobs are going to disappear . 
  the leave campaign pledges about immigration and the nhs were just downright unfounded lies . 
  there is a considerable difference . 
  except it is n't , i clearly explain it to you . 
  i do n't think the information can be argued against . 
  do i need to repeat your quote ? 
  or relink the info ? 
  try and twist as you like the facts of the matter are against you . 
  and people wonder why democracy is a nonsense . 
  it is n't your point . 
  you wrote :  how about insinuating that 3 million jobs were linked with us being a member of the eu ?
