  which is actually a fact . 
  saying that there is a serious economic link between the two ( fact ) and implying that there could be consequences of leaving ( a serious possibility ) is a far far far far cry from total absolute made up nonsense that was pushed from the leave campaign that even they began to backtrack on when they found out they won . 
  and to whomever is downvoting , work away , does n't change the facts as i have outlined above . 
  * figures from the early 2000s suggest around 3 million jobs are linked to trade with the european union . 
  the figure is similar now using the same methods . 
  * they do n't say they are dependent on the uk being an eu member . 
  * researchers get this figure by assuming that the proportion of people in work had jobs linked to eu exports follows the proportion of the economy that 's based on eu exports . 
  what porkies on that level did the remain say ? 
  they were pretty high profile promises that the out campaigners were using during the run up , so i fail to see exactly what your point is . 
  bbc saying 60 dead now, 
  i hope so . 
  i got caught there after a bomb scare on the plane i was travelling in fucking hell couldnt imagine two weeks, 
  the arrogance that they could get both irks me, 
  i actually think a tough deal is needed, 
  teach it better i hope they have changed since i did it in school, 
  basic income is needed and soon, 
  oh no you misunderstand me completely . 
  people were not downvoting the details , they were downvoting the message , and within a few seconds , because they do n't want to hear anything negative about leaving . 
  i actually used the lead or whatever it is caused as it was more less sensationalised when i posted it https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4u1vtl/britains_decision_to_leave_the_eu_has_led_to_a/ ( inb4 you and a few other econ grads were downvoting the details because you disagreed with the title , you know the point i am making and know i am right )  `` the only other times we have seen this index fall to these low levels , was the global financial crisis in 2008/9 , the bursting of the dot com bubble , and the 1998 asian financial crisis , '' he told the bbc . 
  i guess they grabbed the title from there . 
  so i think it might be apt , but a bit misleading . 
  this is a rather large story , regardless of whether it is uk or not . 
  if people are tired of major stories then they should prob consider switching to the daily mail or the sun website, 
  the downvotes of the deluded, 
  not at all . 
  do n't think that way at all . 
  but - everyone has to be made to vote . 
  no one can lie . 
  agree with that ? 
  they are not equally ridiculous , and that does n't address my comments on the polls the majority who voted , that is the problem , it was a corrupt campaign that lied to gullible people while a large demographic clearly thought people could n't be so gullible and stupid yet here we are something so important needs to be revoted on with a clear open campaign, 
  who said i was logical ? 
  tiny sample size compared to the million + people who said they regretted it polls i 've looked at were about people changing their minds about their vote , not whether they were happy to leave and i 've said about 5 times about what that meant, 
  and you have the mind of one . 
  well done . 
  prove it, 
  you 're just choosing to ignore it . 
  well done . 
  you can run along . 
  so you got nothing in return . 
  great . 
  well done . 
  yes because i was so so serious in my comments there and that is really what is so important in this discussion . 
  is this a joke ? 
  honest question . 
  links in thread and you can google it too . 
  please do before returning with some other stupid question like this, 
  yes , i know it was low . 
  hence why democracy does n't work . 
  also why any redo would be a clear no . 
  the polls with very samples did n't say they were happy with leaving , only that they were happy with standing by their decision . 
  which i explained already . 
  the millions speaking out say otherwise . 
  why not ? 
   all of the things you 've listed are things that have yet to be negotiated . 
  all promised as if 100 % guarantees i already said . 
  please read my words or do n't respond again . 
   you 've not linked to a poll . 
  show me the poll you 're talking about . 
  are you talking about the channel 5 big debate thing ? 
  em it supports you , yes , google it . 
  please tell me that is not your only response ? 
  i am not denying some of these later polls at all - i am explaining them . 
   the survey of 2,097 people , carried out by comres , found that 96 % of remain voters and 95 % of leave supporters said they were still happy with their decisions . 
  the point is immediately after it passed over 1.2 million expressed regret that they voted to leave . 
  over time , as they begin to rationalise and accept it ( for various reasons including the ones i have explained ) it was natural that his number would come down . 
   if you 're going to make a statement you should be prepared to back it up . 
  absolutely , and i do  according to the polls , everyone was happy with the decision they made . 
  really ? 
  your poll has a 1000 base [ here was a daily mail article which is banned on here for some reason which is bizarre - this basically says the below and this was a leave paper ] http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-news-second-eu-referendum-leave-voters-regret-bregret-choice-in-millions-a7113336.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-eu-referendum-bregret-leave-petition-second-remain-latest-will-we-leave-a7105116.html http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/06/i-voted-for-brexit-but-now-i-am-regret-the-terrifying-chaos-i-ha/ again that is 1.2 million and the poll you showed ( as i did ) does n't show anything other than they would stand by their decision again , i 've explained that already, 
  nhs spending access to single market travel and live freely wherever they wanted in europe border control stuff all promised as if 100 % guarantees but let 's put it out there - you either knew these already and are just trying to trip me up or you were one of those who got tricked  a poll from ipsos mori did you just go and google a random later poll ? 
  yet i have addressed later polls already in the previous response  people have decided they 've made their beds ( got conned ) and of course are going to convince themselves they were right all along  half the responses i am getting on here are the same next response if you are going to make one can not involve you blindly asking me for info backing up my statements , as i have done it you step up next if you want to continue this, 
  no they were . 
  i do n't think that is up for any debate right now . 
  the reaction across the board when the realisation sank in was proof . 
  even the leave media was posting information about what was likely to happen and the responses from their readers were quite telling . 
  this new ` as we knew it all along , we were n't duped ' attitude is just a result of the embarrassment  stop talking like you are representing the majority . 
  i think i am representing a majority of people in the uk if a vote was to happen again . 
  which is what should happen , but wo n't unfortunately . 
   you are n't even in the country !, 
  quite telling comment here eh, 
   what makes you think people think they were duped ? 
  because they were . 
  this is a fact now . 
  i do n't think anyone argues this . 
   according to the polls , everyone was happy with the decision they made . 
  which poll ? 
  the initial million when they realised what they had actually done and a lot of the facts were coming out even in the leave papers or the channel 5 thing where people have decided they 've made their beds ( got conned ) and of course are going to convince themselves they were right all along half the responses i am getting on here are the same it 's fucking embarrassing if i ever need a reason to point out why i think democracy does n't work - this is one of them, 
  just because you did does n't mean the rest did . 
  can people stop responding with ' i did n't ' like that is supposed to account for the majority who clearly were duped by the leave campaign across the board, 
   calling old people the `` near dead '' is arrogance in itself . 
  no it is n't , just referring to the fact that the fallout will not be upon them but upon the generation to follow . 
  jumping on my personal way of expressing myself is not an argument . 
   if anything post-referendum remain supporters have shown themselves to be arrogant and condescending . 
  in what way ? 
  all i see is a genuine worry about the future of the country , one which is slowly dawning across the board . 
  i 'm not being unfair at all . 
  i do n't think so at all . 
  i think there were other reasons ( racism/elderly people thinking they could go back to a job situation a generation ago etc ) but a lot of it was swayed by the lies, 
  well it was one of the most embarrassing votes in the history of modern europe the world looked on and cringed as the will of the pig ignorant and the near dead voted out of arrogance , wishful thinking , memories of bygones and open racism, 
  true , but i 'm all for that,
