all available in public domain anyway - politicians will be politicians . 
   creeping privatisation of the nhs all we seeing is - in-house to external on some services . 
  labour started ball rolling and conservatives continue . 
  as long as its free at the point of entry . 
  stop complaining ; check out the size of the uk compared to rest of europe . 
  who needs an empire with a country that size !, 
  rule britannia , britannia rules the map, 
  british-led force, 
  educed ? 
  nigel farage `` the question everyone in uk wants to know . 
  who are you ?!?!? '', 
  `` seen as '' definitely not cuba ; but 75 % tax rate will put it a lot further left than even uk 's left labour party . 
  looking forward to september ? 
  overwhelmed with in/out talks i imagine . 
   we are better off outside the eu than in  but others disagree . 
   we need a eu of various integration levels, 
  i did ; they said `` commonwealth games are great fun '' . 
   others do the hard work uk is not for `` deeper '' integration it does not see it as `` benefits '' . 
  we do for other countries ; the uk would be much happier with more autonomy ; a 2nd gear europe veto if you 'd like . 
  france is seen as socialist ; not an ideal place for securities and markets . 
  watch un meet ( it 's on uk website ) 2 hours snagging russia off . 
  their are not censoring them self that soon, 
  i presume in some law ; the uk has responsibility as sweden to encorce the request to have him in custody - so in some way the prosecutor ordered police to be their ... ... id definitely agree uk went overboard due to the negative pr it would make us look if this celebrity got his away . 
  i do n't see bail in that way : `` bail is some pledge to a court to persuade it to release a suspect from jail , on the understanding that the suspect will return for trial '', 
  interesting ; i agree with uk 's position to charge sweeden but i was sweedish id take the point of view it was uk 's own bail conditions that led to this asylum . 
  as well as the uk systems process of appeal ; etc. . 
  yes . 
  he could have been kept in detention but was allowed to be on bail . 
  to be on `` bail '' you have to have been arrested . 
  he was not wrongfully arrested in the uk . 
  that was sweden and irrespective of that he signed a contact to get out of detention to do x , y , z and failed to do so . 
   he was right in trying to escape ? 
  their is an argument their ; especially with him trying via uk courts but in all instances the judge 's said `` nope you need to go to sweden '' and ignoring a judge order no matter the circumstances does not look good , he could have been kept in detention but he also signed a contract on bail and negated that contract . 
  thats 2 counts in which he violated uk legislation , soo ... im doubtful they will `` let him off '' . 
  they may see it as `` time served '' and perhaps a fine and community service or something on those lines . 
  it is kind of irrelevant at this point ; he will be re-arrested in the uk for breaching his bail conditions on such a grand scale . 
  due to costs to tax-payer monitoring him ; he also wont be let of lightly . 
  ( in my opinion ), 
  mr junker had told him he was willing to do business with mr cameron , as he believed that a british exit `` would not just be a catastrophe for britain , but a disaster for europe as a whole '' . 
  what you mean ; is not what you said - you may not agree with cameron but down vote wholly unnecessary . 
  2nd question is great ; as this is not a uk decision at all . 
  we have a list of demands and compromises to be made ; but europe-wide there has been many meps elected on the manifesto that the people have voted for in that they want reform . 
  reform is not a cameron issue alone but his voice is loudest recently . 
  i say loudest but perhaps not as loud as those that want a united state of europe . 
  some see junkier appointment as the `` last push '' for a use before more anti-use join the ranks of europe and change its direction as the will of the people changes . 
  to further that goal ; perhaps the loudest - cameron gets his opt-outs . 
  so rest of europe can move ahead with use in that `` last push '' . 
  or ; ignore uk so they exit but thats a signal europe wide to look closer at use plans . 
   i honestly do n't think cameron himself has any real plans * cut europe costs ; * pro business europe * britain out of euro currency obligations * controll of borders ; * out of europe bailouts ; * take back control of criminal justice, 
   unified military uk supports unified defense ; not unified military . 
  i guess it comes down to historic war superiority opinion from the british people `` we can do better '' . 
  not alone ; but better managed milaray units . 
  french and uk - has some form of unified military now . 
  i think its mostly navy stuff . 
  * cut europe costs ; * pro business europe * britain out of euro currency obligations * controll of borders ; * out of europe bailouts ; * take back control of criminal justice the above reform ; is either/or . 
  so eu wide for everyone or special uk opt-out . 
  junkier hints at uk opt-out , which david did not want he wants europe wide for `` the good of europe '' which is why he said in latest statement that junker appointment was `` a bad day for europe . '', 
  and finally not `` reform '' but cameron wants a uk vote if that reform is `` good enough '' for the uk people to accept . 
  this bit is already legislated and 99 % chance of uk having an in-out referendum - if theirs reform or not . 
  this is not the reform presented to europe , it is highly uk focused and may come across as selfishness but this is what cameron is presenting to the uk electorate . 
  2014 europe conservative manifesto : http://www.conservatives.com/europe, 
  why not wait until 2017 ; only pissing you off more . 
  why do you keep ignoring the fact ; that i am not ignoring the fact that jean-claude was elected as eu comission president . 
  i am not delusional . 
  sorry ; modern democracy . 
   this was a bad day for europe - and it has reinforced my conviction that europe needs to change . 
   i am not going to back down . 
  securing reform is going to be a long , tough fight and sometimes you have to be ready to lose a battle to win a war . 
   today we showed that we wo n't be put off from our task - we wo n't be silenced . 
   because the status quo is not right for the eu . 
  and it is certainly not right for britain . 
  it has got to change . 
   and at the end of 2017 , it will not be me , it will not be the house of commons , it will not be brussels who decides britain 's future in the eu . 
  it will be the british people with an in-out referendum on our membership of the eu . 
   it will be your choice , and your choice alone . 
  ~ david cameron , facebook, 
  many see it as the `` last push '' and will assure you their on the rise . 
  i agree ; but in your opinion its `` back-door deals '' if country leaders debate and vote . 
  what currently goes on is `` less democratic '' for reasons stated . 
  i said those `` far-right '' opposing federalization and more eu ; elected in a landslide did not have a voice today . 
  not that they were elected undemocratic . 
  a racial slur or football banta ? 
  . . its a fine line . 
  uk sings : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ten_german_bombers i know germany sings crap at us too ; but can not seem to remember . 
  perhaps ; with large swing to the `` far-right '' of mep 's europe-wide this could be seen as the `` last push '' for the use before the people of europe pull it down around them to come back to the common market . 
   ho do vote ukip are the kind of people who always vote politically minded then . 
  arguing my own point ; no ? 
  unless suggesting everyone who voted for ukip as europe elections are fools ; when stats show they wont vote for them in parliment . 
  suggests they have idea whats going on . 
  im glad we agree ; but i get the tone you think we are disagreeing here . 
  the exception that proves the rule ; ukip success was `` wtf ! '', 
  on the news - remember . 
   sacrifice uk its uk moving towards sacrificing eu common market over use ; not other way around . 
  i imagine he did , but left it open to negotiation . 
  `` anyone but him ! ... 
  please angela merkel ! '', 
   i am also ready to accept that the uk will stay outside new eu institutions such as the european public prosecutor 's office sounds good ; except if its in a manifesto british have learned its not definitely going to happen . 
   last priority i have confidence !, 
  hehehe, 
   since when is democracy defined as the uk choosing it is said uk invented democracy and the dictionary definition of democracy in the oxford dictionary .
