  you can take the view that the nasty party is just making it difficult to claim , or encouraging better employment . 
   they are n't earning enough to survive . 
  and for what ? 
  subsidized living is an awful position to be in , on the whim of 3rd parties how you survive is not a desirable life . 
  self independence is the goal with national insurance being their when you its a necessity . 
  should be working to get out of being subsidized to feed yourself . 
  twats like yourself whom think its a ok way of life for those whom `` arnt earning enough to survive '' . 
  thats a disgusting position that you want the populus to be in . 
  i have empathy not just sympathy for those in a bad financial position . 
  geting people to work is not class warfare , it 's a kick up the arse required to some of those in a rut to become self dependent . 
  uk is in europe , it is not in the euro . 
  it has ties to for financial reasons but we stand apart mainly . 
  the united kingdom had started systemic injection , and the central banks were cutting interest rates . 
  the labour party did a lot of quantitative easing ( printing money ) to devalue its currency . 
  not just that for instance , for old cars . 
  the government would give people # 2k to take it off the road ( and buy a new one of course ) . 
  # 200 billion will be made available for short terms loans through the bank of england 's special liquidity scheme . 
  government started buying up shares in banks !, 
  they own a few now . 
  paul krugman the nobel prize winner for economics stated in his new york times column that `` mr brown and alistair darling , the chancellor of the exchequer have defined the character of the worldwide rescue effort , with other wealthy nations playing catch-up . '', 
  he also stated that `` luckily for the world economy , ... gordon brown and his officials are making sense , ... and they may have shown us the way through this crisis . '', 
  in more recent times , we have cut back on devaluing the pound with the conservatives trying to re-assure our credit rating and stop debt growing too fast - more than anything . 
  credit rating still a + + last time i checked ... new bank of england boss is talking about negative interest rates and more quantitative easing . 
  if we had a fiscal union , would the decisions happened at all or just slower to react ? 
  in your reply though you hint at the best way to start a fiscal union ( that i 'd like ) , is to dismantal the current union . 
  a debate wont change it , an impossible task . 
  this discussion is a fiscal union based on the european union which is flawed . 
  i have 2/3 popular threads above . 
  when i posted in the new post , the point i wanted to make was ** no ** . 
  i appose this ; but i do concede that for certain euro zone countries that it would make sense . 
  those that are already in it together and on similar path . 
  to me the same fiscal policy for germany and greece would make no sense . 
  the debate is more about having the option , rather than handing over that option to other countries to debate . 
  i am a firm capitalist so i agree with what your saying . 
  bad business with corrupt ceo 's should go bankrupt . 
  supporting bad business is socialism and i am not in support of that at all . 
  proper capitalism allows business to die and others to take its place and its goods/customers/assets . 
  what i talk about are countries not cities like detroit , they can move over to other parts of michigan ... 
  the uk as a country needs its own fiscal policy to make its own decisions . 
  so everyone does not have to leave the uk and move over to germany . 
  i work in finance , and i have to tell you contrary to my post the uk is yet to recover . 
  we are on the cusp of good news !, 
  we 're not out of it , but have some solid foundations to work from . 
  its a thin line we have walked with our bespoke fiscal policy , having our hands tied behind a monetary union would not have helped us walk that thin line . 
  i just paid a company in belize , my bank handled everything and due to the international account status i have it cost nothing extra . 
  it makes side by side comparisons more easy if it was one currency - nothing much else for trade . 
  its mainly excellent for travel rather than trade , if i was to go to belize i 'd have no idea what things cost . 
  germany and greece under no circumstances should have the same fiscal policy - im sure you 'd agree . 
  doing so would hurt one party unnecessarily but fiscal trade blocks , like the uk could work very well in the eu . 
  the thing itself is too large to hand over control of fiscal policy . 
  chapter 11 is mainly used when business are unable to service its debt or pay its creditors ... 
  yes , lowering interest rates would have helped its debtors from taking over the company by making loans affordable - never mind new loans . 
  if they needed loans though , that 's what quantitative easing is for . 
  another fiscal policy the article outlines should be handed over for eu countries . 
  im not saying that at all , im asking why is the article skips it . 
  other countries are getting out slowly of the crisis . 
  as you say uk can fine-tune their banking system , the article is saying that that is not needed and a fiscal union where the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few is the best path . 
  i tend to disagree . 
  even if not cars , lower interest rates would mean the companies in cars could get cheap loans for equipment to start manufacturing other items . 
  im no expert in detroit , the fiscal union did not help in your explanation of what happened . 
  not my intention , but what you describe is similar to a few eu countries . 
  in this instance detroit was not helped by a fiscal union . 
  if it was its own country ( nonsense , go usa ! ), 
  but it could have cut interest rates so the auto industry loans were cheaper . 
  it could have used quantitative easing to print usd so the auto industry suddenly everything is cheaper . 
  as that is not in the interest of new york or the rest of the usa . 
  the fiscal union is not going to allow detroit to do that . 
  instead detroit has to wait for handouts or a magic bullet or investment . 
  i am sure the city will rebound eventually , like many industrial cities in the us . 
  take for instance the us economy faltered after 9/11 , the fed started cutting interest rates and kept on lowering them for another two years . 
  the detroit economy faltered after the auto industry hit on hard times . 
  it had the ability to do little due to the fiscal union ... 
  im not against those in the euro from getting in bed together , it makes no sense now they are in not to go all in . 
  i 'd hope greece and a few others step back and diy to their bespoke circumstances - that way the rest of the eu fiscal union can prosper also . 
  those that are currently out of a fiscal union , like the uk - would be very unwise to hand over control . 
  euro countries have no issue trading with gdp currency . 
  the need for it in trade is irrelevant , we do n't pay each other in cash . 
  its done via banks whom exchange it automatic with ease . 
  euro is great for cross border travel . 
  yes , a bank cheif a few months ago was talking about negative interest rates . 
  the point being its tailored to our niche , rather that the needs of the many . 
  apologies , i did mean detroit ... not exactly sure were boston came from, 
  apologies , i did mean detroit ... only 700 + miles apart !, 
  easy mistake . 
  indeed -18 is better than -36 . 
  i do n't think people liked that i said it was bad to have a fiscal union , without any explanation . 
  germany ! = uk . 
  it had a strong export compared to the uk . 
  when this crisis arrose the uk looked over to germany with jealousy of their foundations , as italy looked over in jealousy to most countries . 
  our fiscal situation is tailored to the uk 's bespoke circumstances , and not tailored to the mutual benefit of all in the eu . 
  saying that their no evidence to support that being able to lower interest rates at the will of the bank of england or print money at the will of the boe - has no effect would make no sense . 
  to put it in perspective , the man in charge of the uk fiscal policy has been imported from canada - the first time in the uk history . 
  he refused to take the difficult job , but with a bribe of six times more than david cameron 's # 142,500 salary - we finally got him . 
  the new governor is thought to favour more quantitative easing to help the gradually recovering uk economy to reach `` escape velocity '' . 
  erm , even with everything you said . 
  if uk kept the euro we would not have recovered as strong as we have now . 
  ask the imf our interest rates are sooooo low at this time , with such tiny gdp growth . 
  our economic situation is tailored to our bespoke circumstances , balancing on a thin line . 
  we just brought in a canadian with innovative ideas to give us an extra boost . 
  whilst in greece , its tailored to the mutual benefit of all countries in the eu .
