  pg tips only !, 
  like this diplomat was trying to do ? 
  grasp at relevance by crying to the press ? 
   eu member states by themselves are irrelevant i am from uk , i have to laugh at this odd view you have on member states . 
  the uk where this meeting took place ( in london ) is far from irrelevant on the world stage . 
  you said encroach on sovereign states . 
  i agree with you , leave it to the eu member states and their allies to negotiate . 
  eu is a tool for sanctions , etc. 
  germany is the rotten apple in this case too close to russia 's economy especially with gas . 
  uk press report germany as not fond of sanctions and who may need encouraging . 
  with uk leaked document outlining want to protect the financial district , its not the uk who is convincing merkel either . 
  its all up in the air , in other words . 
   efforts of countless politicians except this one . 
  who apparently wants to encroach on high level negotiations between sovereign states about mititery aggression . 
  except it was held in london , no ? 
  an eu member state not just a eu diplomat . 
  burn !, 
  need 's scatter diagram , go !, 
  ** death rave v answered cycling *, 
  no , its just bus drivers . 
  ** source : bbc top gear *, 
  uk : bbc programme top gear made cycling infomercial 's to discourage cycling ( last week ) . 
  ** excuse i will used for our low score . 
  i do n't have a clue where your trying to go , that is true . 
  if the bank teller wanted liberation . 
  you just guard the tellers to allow them to liberate themselves . 
  occupation would be to make an unwilling bank tellor to do things . 
  im intrigued . 
  dictionary defiition is different , you dont want me to quote the dictionery ? 
  for , 7 upvotes . 
  you got to love the design , lots of massive white balls . 
  you know the us is cutting its military strength world wide ? 
  [ us to cut 500 jobs at menwith hill ] ( http://www.harrogateadvertiser.co.uk/news/local/breaking-us-to-cut-500-jobs-at-menwith-hill-1-6464696 ), 
  usa would never say that to uk , we prop up their military action in every occurrence so much our leaders land themselves on hot water often . 
  liberation or occupation ? 
  usa has a `` secret '' base up the road from me . 
  it just annonced [ us to cut 500 jobs at menwith hill ] ( http://www.harrogateadvertiser.co.uk/news/local/breaking-us-to-cut-500-jobs-at-menwith-hill-1-6464696 )  the cutbacks , affecting american bases all over the world, 
  i assumed that his family used their eyes , nothing to do with the doctor . 
  democracy by fear . 
   i think putin has been encouraged by the fact that western countries have so far not objected just have to watch bbc , who are hestitent to say the army has already invaded . 
  although it does have a pinch of liberation rather that occupation . 
  he is `` vulnerable '' in the article so the doctor should be able too , but no . 
  i mean the family have their own eyes to see a starving man in front of them . 
  correcting spelling on the internet , you must be slightly intelligent or really stupid . 
  hard to work out which . 
  he was literally ; the first one mentioning them . 
  something they never taught us at school in the uk . 
  turns out , if you do n't look after your friends and family , their is a chance they will starve in your absence . 
  that 's an explanation not an excuse for not checking on a vulnerable family member . 
   his doctor said his body mass index was not compatible with life they knew very well . 
   even if they plain and simple refuse to work good you can start now , will pm you my bank details because i do n't want to work . 
  you can pay my rent . 
  their is no `` government money '' their is only the `` peoples money '' . 
   the family of a man who starved to death four months after his benefits were cut off has called on the government to reform the way it treats people a family that allows a vulnerable family member to starve to death ? 
  now advising government . 
  starvation does not happen overnight  his doctor said his body mass index was not compatible with life then his doctor wrote a letter , nice to see a compassionate doctor doing everything he can . 
  with a pen and paper . 
  i find this whole thing very disgusting look at lack of compassion . 
  perhaps it should , bankruptcy in the uk is not what most people think it is . 
  why did no one stop them ? 
  . . fair game in my mind now !, 
  spanish , gypsys are very handy with cranes !, 
  good riddance . 
  * cough * brb , going to nhs . 
  correct , they learn that the bullshit idea of the `` world being fair '' is wrong . 
  they learn that when mummy and daddy takes away sweeties for being naughty ... then they start their own `` dirty tricks '' by getting money to get their own sweeties . 
  it read as an education policy proposal . 
  well . 
  we do now . 
  i like it . 
  yer but , uk has reason not to trust germany . 
  just a continuation . 
  a vote for something the british would like , i doubt it . 
  the worlds official language , would be a better title . 
  `` preparing '' they have joined forces in eu chambers for years now . 
  sensationalist reporting to be honest , nigel farage is always getting interviewed across the globe . 
  `` studied '' everyone is just born to know english . 
  no , of course not . 
  i like to talk in nice round numbers . 
  i agree . 
  is it better the tax payer pay subsidize equivalent of # 10 per hour , for unemployed . 
  or is it better for the tax payer to subsidize equivalent of # 9 per hour , for those in employment . 
  i guess the latter as the # 1 saved is one part , the economic output being increased would have a better effect . 
  i take the belief like you minimum wage restricts jobs but feel its a necessary evil . 
  their are more `` tax on jobs '' in the uk that stop employment other than min wage . 
  as a brit employer , i can confirm that more people would be in employment under me if i could pay them # 1 an hour rather than # 6.31 . 
  a brit employee , may argue it would be the same as they would not work for # 1 an hour . 
  ahh , i did here unions are quite strong . 
  germany has no minimum wage ? 
  their output is on a great scale surprises me, 
  3 downvotes for the truth , it not just the us that uses [ extraordinary rendition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extraordinary_rendition ), 
  eu deciding out financial policies that uk has to sue them . 
  . . no wonder ukip is gaining . 
  it does , as shareholders ... but it sold a lot of them now . 
  vote is getting weaker as bailout is paid back . 
  cap the business transactions then , not performance related pay . 
  united states of europe . 
  its you that started getting kinky ... government punishment tends to be monetary . 
  its proven that its the carrot that motivates more than the stick , but ... what you and your boss do in the privacy of the board room . . , 
   the flawed position hardly a theory that [ the threat of penalty ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ciuzapblpeo/uhrxyjhtzgi/aaaaaaaafs4/na3ikqj-hku/s320/parking+penalties.jpg ) is an effective way for getting increased effort .
