tfw you realise they 're bankers so there 's not gon na be any repercussions . 
  he lives in sweden ( we both do ) and the jugoslavian languages are easily mixed up . 
  was a summer vacation is all i know , so probably dalmatia, 
  a serbian friend of mine was refused to purchase a bottle of water because he did n't use the word `` boca '' , but `` fla\u0161a '' . 
  that 's only one occurence i ever heard of though . 
  it never happened to me , and i always say fla\u0161a ( bosnian by heritage ) . 
  what 's a `` publisher '' in this sense ? 
  like what webpages would start blocking ad-blockers ? 
  i do n't get it really , like our newspaper sites ? 
  but are those actually ever spelled out in words ? 
  i ca n't say i 've ever seen it . 
  but . . theres no such letter in the alphabet ? 
  right ? 
  what is that r on bosnian/croatian/serbian ? 
  we do n't have that letter . 
  it 's just srce . 
  i had to revisit this thread to tell you that i have been listening to that rytis cicinas song every day since i read this post . 
  thank you . 
  yep . 
  no movie is ever 1 star ( except for 'em pire ' by that one mother fucker who calls himself an artist ) unless you hate it with passion or because of your personal or national pride . 
  if you do n't like a movie you always give it 3 stars because that 's like `` man , it sucked , but at least you tried '' . 
   right wing people are so laughably incapable of self-reflection . 
  this is n't exclusive to right wing . 
  people who have extreme ideas are like this in general . 
  obviously they do n't and that 's the joke which i get , but they really think that sweden is gon na become a third world country in 10 years . 
  literally , which the joke is aiming at if you 're a donald . 
  there 's absolutely no way that happens unless russia or something bombs the living shit out of sweden , which i doubt and hope wo n't happen . 
  thing is the donalds do n't see it as a stereotype , they see it as a fact . 
  that is why i described what 's actually going on , because very few people know that , and i could n't possibly know if you did or did n't , so i figured i 'd just put it up there . 
  nothing personal , really . 
  are you talking about the point that immigrants are taking over sweden ? 
  you realize this is only limited to shitty suburban places that only contains different types of immigrants that hate eachother , most violence is caused by disputes between , just to name one conflict among many , those different types of syrians ( christians and muslims ) that hate eachother since way back . 
  it 's extremely stupid of course , but it 's always been like that since they 've been together . 
  go to any city center and you 'll see ( well , besides the couple of beggars ) workers transiting from home to work to lunch to work to home , you 'll see people working efficiently , and you 'll see people going out at night for dinner or to the club , just like in any other city in europe , usa , etc. 
  everything ( almost , i 'll get to it in the next paragraph ) is fully functional in sweden , and there 's not many countries that you can say that for . 
  however , there is one issue , and that is that the swedish govt and it 's underlings ( eg municipalities , etc ) are buying homes to house the immigrants , causing an even bigger issue with housing prices and availability . 
  and that 's actually the real problem as i see it , not that `` the king is practically wearing a hijab rofl '' . 
  and what , we actually care about humans ? 
  oh wow , look at how stupid we are . 
  it 's naive as fuck , i 'll give you that , but if you really send everyone , not only the innocent but even people who 've instigated fights , etc , back to die in the chaos caused by western interests , then you sure as hell have no humanity left . 
  ask yourself this : if you were from syria , and got the message that you would get send back there and probably get executed or something , how would you react ? 
  `` tough luck i guess , rip me '' ? 
  i guess that 's the only answer to that question is n't it ? 
  now i 'm not the type to take in immigrants in my house because , frankly , i 'm a pretty selfish person , which is kind of reflected in my field of study and future work ( financial mathematics , go figure ) , but if there actually is a possibility to help them with our resources then i sure as hell wo n't say no . 
  and i fully agree , sweden is overflowing with immigrants which is reflected by the fact about the housing `` crisis '' i mentioned earlier , which means we actually have limited resources at the moment to take care of both them and our own citizens , at which point i have to say that we ca n't have any more immigrants at this point in time . 
  but the ones that are here need help with settling in , which is also a problem in itself , as i did mention earlier about the violent suburbs . 
  there is a lot of work to be done , and as naive as i am i hope that one day every man and woman can one day live in harmony with eachother , to paraphrase mlk . 
  not in employment , education or training, 
  do n't worry about him , he 's most likely neet . 
  i mean it 's just beating a dead horse at this point . 
  yeah but it shows a great deal of respect if you speak their language and they will be more prone to making great deals . 
  yeah i wrote another post about that where i realised what could go wrong, 
  you make a fair point . 
  i think this is to provoke turkey , but as you say it could potentially set a bad precedent for the future . 
  it 's kinda fascistic i think now that you mention it . 
  but historians have concluded that it is a genocide ... 
  just wait and see the uk crumble to dust  uk leaves the eu , a lot of eu workers will move elsewhere not to bother not being in a eu country ( germany , france , sweden , etc , all prosperous countries in need of medical staff ) , scotland , nir and maybe gibraltar will leave uk , london is n't happy at all for leaving eu . 
  you 'll be left with england , wales and a disheartened london . 
  and a weak pound with nothing to export ( scotland leaves with the oil ) which is harsh on uks economy . 
  :d but at least you can somewhat halt the immigration , which is the root of all your problems , right ? 
  :d brexit salt is the best salt, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/4evo4p/z/d23xdur here 's a post i wrote a while back that explains the situation . 
  also do n't mind the last bit , it 's specifically for the person i responded to , not necessarily you . 
  i-i swear i do n't know anything !, 
  serbs are also pretty mafia , just not italian . 
  i prefer quality with quantity, 
  what about wine ? 
  not just olive oil , but olives and other mediterranean and sea food . 
  or they are clairvoyant . 
  see , they already `` accidentally '' protested against the dutch . 
  so the french are about to `` mess with '' turkey in a year or so . 
  nope , 
  i 'm a bosnian , born in croatia , living in sweden since forever . 
  i can tell you without any doubt that swedish is not mutually intelligible with norwegian and danish , at least not even close to the same degree as in south slavia . 
  yes , we can understand norwegian very well , but that is because we can interpolate complete sentences and thus we understand each other with little to no problems . 
  with danish people , had it not been for the way they speak it would work too , but since they speak like a dry engine you literally ca n't understand them , as a swede at least . 
  as a bosnian though , there is absolutely no interpolation needed to understand sentences in croatian or serbian , since all words are the same , with the exception for a few words like aeroplane , which is avion in bosnian but zrakoplov in croatian , however the word zrak means air and - plov is a suffix to describe something that flows or floats in both languages , the croatian word is intelligible in both languages , while the bosnian is not , however all croatians would still understand what the word avion means anyway . 
  you probably know this very well but i 'm adding this info for others to read . 
  as opposed to trumpets who stick the `` communist '' label on anything to the left of trump 's politics ? 
  what a fucking joke lmao what i 'm saying is , both sides should n't do it . 
  you probably do n't , otherwise you 'd be a hypocrite . 
  says i need a premium account to see . 
  can you take a screenshot of the data ? 
  ( i just love looking at data , it 's not that i do n't believe you ), 
  it does n't have to do with the fact that they 're black , it has to do with the fact that the usa does n't give a rats ass about its poor population . 
  well some places in texas would then be black as hell , if some parts are light . 
  does n't have anything to do with trump , but it has to do with the current greece-debt situation . 
  what ? 
  something in europe has better quality than something in the usa ? 
  whoa . 
  water is wet ? 
  i 'm learning all sorts of things here !, 
  it 's about not throwing them in a hollow rock and let them rot , they 're still people , but they need to be kept away from society . 
  of course there are exceptions . 
  stop playing dumb , this prison system benefits the majority of offenders , people who did something bad in a bad situation of their life , while keeping monsters like breivik away forever . 
  sure it 's `` luxurious '' but he 's still locked up while the majority of offenders ( 80 % ) are actually becoming better people . 
  the fuck is this guy getting downvoted for a legitimate question ? 
  stop discouraging people from asking questions and learning . . ca n't believe people are legitimately this retarded . 
  they 're kept locked in forever , like breivik probably will . 
  this way you help people who did something shitty in a shitty period of their life , as well as keep cancer away forever .
