  the category of ` xenophobe ' is in other words a label assigned them by the researchers , because * this is not a study of their beliefs * , it 's a study of how much progress these activists are doing in their political goals . 
  i really should just reject this on that basis alone , but let 's find some more bullshit yes ? 
  interestingly on page 8 the state they included a fictive group `` pirezians '' in they survey to measure xenophobic attitudes to non-existent groups . 
  unsuprisingly they found that people were not in fact against this group . 
  this would of course indicate that people are not xenophobic , but rather have an aversion to letting * anyone * in , you know , like rational human beings . 
  of course not , the researchers concluded that people must have realized that `` pirezians '' do not exists , and caught on to the researchers ruse . 
  they 're still racist yo . 
  let 's look at some numbers yea ? 
  i would assume you claim only 10 % are open to foreigners is taken from the beginning of the study , a hasty conclusion . 
  as always look at the numbers , especially when it 's a biased source . 
  figure 8 on page 10 shows that only 10 % of people are open to * economic * migrants , more on this shortly . 
  the number of people who are open to accepting people fleeing from war is 52 % to 40 % against . 
  also more on this later . 
  one thing that sticks out is on page 12 , where people who have met migrants are more likely to be ` xenophobic ' , while people who know migrants personally are significantly less . 
  the first statistic is explained ( correctly ) by people who have * seen * migrants being less friendly , but i do n't think correcting for that would make a big difference . 
  let 's be honest , they do n't speak the language , and mostly stick to their own communities , most encounters are going to be hostile . 
  no mention is made of the sample sizes on figure 10 . 
  while it 's true people who know migrants personally are more friendly to them , the sample size is n = 24 . 
  not only is it pathetically low , it 's also highly subject to selection bias . 
  figure 11 on page 14 is especially interesting . 
  unsurprisingly economic migrants are more accepted depending on their level of skill . 
  one interesting thing is the answers are divided into 4 categories . 
  ` yes ' , ` some of them ' , ` no ' and ` do n't know ' . 
  even ` unskilled workers ' get 30 % approval if you count the ` some of them ' answers . 
  is it reasonable then to assume the answer ` yes ' is taken as meaning letting * all * of them in without even vetting them ? 
  given that is litterally eu right now i think it 's fair to conclude so . 
  and given 30 % answer they would let in some unskilled workers even ( the number for skilled workers being significantly higher ) , how is it the study previously concluded only 10 % are open to economic migrants . 
  they either counted only the ` yes ' answers as being sufficiently not hitler , or it is simply priming . 
  the questions for different reasons of migration came earlier , with ` looking for jobs ' compared to ` fleeing from war ' . 
  as you see this is highly subject to bias , if you knew anything about statistics you 'd realize this . 
  again on page 15 figure 13 shows 30 % of the population would let in ` some ' economic migrants from pakistan even . 
  only 3 % answer ` yes ' to letting them in . 
  60 % would accept ` some ' polish , meaning 30 % differentiate between poland and pakistan . 
  china gets 41 % ` some ' answers . 
  these are for economic migrants btw . 
  most of this study goes on like this . 
  the point being that while it 's true hungarians are less open to immigration than germans for example , it 's easy to point to statistics and claiming these people are just ` xenophobes ' . 
  the numbers show people have more nuanced opinions . 
  which brings us onto the next topic : the motivations for being against immigration . 
  page 22 . 
  wellfare shauvinism is defined in this study as the idea that `` wellfare services should be restricted to our own '' . 
  notice the language . 
  being against open borders is described as ` xenophobia ' , and now being against turning the country into a wellfare free-for-all is shauvinism . 
  of course any rational human being understands that money does n't grow on trees and that we can only have a wellfare systems if the majority pays into it and there are n't too many mouths to feed . 
  any rational human being also understands the concept of reciprocity , and hence indeed our wellfare system should primarily work for the people who are most invested in our country . 
  but not these researchers , they are just a little bit morally better that us plebs . 
  so the rest is some boring tables and i 'm not going to go through all of them , but the motivations people have are divided into `` elements of fear '' and `` wellfare shauvinism '' , clearly no bias here folks . 
  the specific reasons are things like ` immigrants cause an increase in crime ' , ` in case of conflict they are not loyal to us ' , ` they take jobs ' , ' i am afraid we 'll loose our culture ' . 
  all of these are completely understandable concerns and often supported by evidence . 
  some other wierd reasons are also given like ` immigrants make me feel uneasy ' . 
  i 'm not going to go find the exact questionnaire , but an obvious bias here is that these are statements many would agree with ( feel uneasy can mean anything , i 'm sure women getting harrassed on the streets feel uneasy but it does n't seem as racist to say that , but ` feel uneasy ' it is okay ) , lumped right next to valid reasons , and asked ` do not agree ' to ` totally agree ' , presumably on some scale . 
  they of course did n't ask `` why are you agains immigration pick one '' because then they would n't get those `` problematic '' answers . 
  anyways i 'm done . 
  overall it 's not a bad study , but it does have a bias . 
  and more importantly , as i stated ** it is clearly an advocacy study ** . 
  they are not trying to accurately portray peoples opinion , they are trying to monitor their own political progress and what the obstacles are . 
  and to that end it does a good job , it contains all the information a * political activist * would need . 
  one who already has his mind made up . 
  in other words : ** you have not presented an argument !, 
  i think this might actually be the locals pushing back against the establishment in the only way they can . 
  they do n't expect anything good to come from this , it 's merely signaling . 
  we should take this as an indication of how bad things really are , not just on the ground level , but also the discontent with the big politicians . 
  this is nothing but a fuck you , not a thought out action . 
   when opposing news pieces come their way , it 's certainly evil propaganda from the mysterious global elite . 
  a lot of people take pride in thinking every non-european is a cartoonish villain , only here to rape , steal and pillage and that such view is completely rational and deserve a straight-faced response instead of ridicule . 
  strawman season again ? 
   it 's really not that different from the attempted justification from rapists , saying that women were asking for it because of their behavior and how they dress . 
  ... how is it possibly anything like that ? 
   but then again , we are still very far from the level of wealth where such level of selflessness would organically occur . 
  yes it does seem like it is wealth that makes people `` selfless '' enough to offer up the poor peoples communities and resources to feed the poorer . 
  haha the comment section ^_^ . 
  they ca n't get a word in . 
  noooooo !, 
  i do n't believe it !, 
   it is n't a problem until you for some reason start fitting in it . 
  i 'm to bland . 
  and i do n't think we 're going to turn into a police state anytime soon . 
  it 's the privilege of being in the majority , we wo n't be uniquely targeted , we 're too many . 
  it 's always the minority that has to watch out . 
  we just need to worry about our country turning shitty in general . 
  i 'm far more worried about continued terrorism . 
  i know people keep claiming car accidents and such kill more people , but i think they 're underestimating the problem . 
  we 're moving more and more into a global economy with powerhouses like china and india growing rapidly , not to mention the euro zone is n't looking great at the moment . 
  if the attacks keep coming , or intensify , then people * will * seek greener pastures . 
  nobody wants to invest in the economy of a country that 's not safe , and nobody wants to live in a country that gets hit three times a year . 
  the best will leave first and the rest will just stagnate . 
  that 's the real win condition for the terrorists . 
  just make life miserable enough that it causes a drain of people and money . 
  a france under terror threat will always be shittier than a stable france and it will be shittier than a stable india . 
  give it enough time and it will just keep getting worse . 
  there can be no growth without safety . 
  that means in the long run we wo n't survive , we must put an end to it , because otherwise we might be looking at a decade of this shit . 
  i predict unless something is done europe will die the slow death of a thousand papercuts . 
   i seriously doubt many of the claims you make . 
  your source-but-not-really certainly does n't lend any credibility . 
  lets look at the violence rates in africa for example . 
  africa has a good mix of both christian and muslim countries , so it will serve as a good reference . 
  if you look at page eleven you see that the top three countries with the three lowest homicide rates are tunisia , egypt and morocco . 
  what do these countries have in common ? 
  they are predominantly muslim .
