   it 's because if white men do it in their country it 's alright . 
  yes , you clearly could . 
  look , do n't pretend violence against women is n't on the rise due to open-borders immigration . 
  and no , noone thinks it has n't been an issue before , people are just dismayed that after decades of improvements things are getting * worse * and people like you are the only ones who seem to think that 's an acceptable direction for us to go . 
  there 's also a good chance they stay , do n't work and mooch off of taxes , and become a perpetual under-class as we see in american society . 
  sure you could say we need to rid our society of racism to prevent that , but that requires you to foolishly believe we will succeed where americans have failed . 
  either way if it 's taxes you want you 're betting on the weakest horse . 
  all we 're doing at the moment is increasing our population as well as our crime-rate and decreasing our gdp/capita . 
  that 's not magically going to transform into an advantage in the future anymore than massive birthrate without corresponding greater stability/wealth has made things better in africa . 
   lol , you really are celebrating this , right ? 
  did it make you happy that this happened ? 
  be honest . 
  have a downvote you silly you . 
   also most people think it 's unethical to just refuse help to everyone . 
  those people are idiots . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  why then do n't you go outside and the next time you see a beggar on the street offer him access to your bank account and a spare key to your appartment . 
  congratulations , you have just been ethical enough to not refuse help to someone . 
  now go do it for everyone . 
   who the fuck is `` their '' ? 
  you are just putting all refugees/immigrants into on category . 
  muh generalization , y-you said they 're all the same somehow because that 's what my poli-sci professor said right-wingers believe !, 
  not letting them come and live off our wellfare just for crossing the border is punishment ? 
  is it also punishment to not let people who did n't graduate high-school become doctors ? 
  all positions in society are limited to the ones who qualify , and the amount of positions that are available is determined by how much good it will do for society . 
  likewise it 's perfectly reasonable to limit immigration based on how many problems we know they will bring and then only let them in based on how likely/willing they are to integrate and how capable they are of standing on their own feet . 
  that is why sane countries make a distinction between legal/illegal immigration . 
   then you have defined away the meaning of the word good and created a contradiction i 've done no such thing and do n't know what definition of good you are talking about . 
   if it were always easy to do good , the concept of good would hardly be meaningful . 
  no , i would be more meaningful . 
  if it was always easy you 'd have even less of an excuse to not do good . 
  as it happens the capacity for doing good has limits and every good act has a rate of efficiency and a cost . 
  if you do n't believe me why then are n't we integrating ** all ** the arabs . 
  not just the ones who come here , the ones over in the middle-east as well . 
  surely they who can not make the trip need our wellfare more than we do ? 
  all the do-gooders i 'm seeing seem hellbent on making * others * accept refugees into their already poor neighborhoods . 
  that 's politics , most people who want to do good are simply the ones not footing the bill . 
  in this case people blame the opposition to this ridiculous immigrant policy on * racism * , but that 's just projection . 
  the issues the immigrants bring simply does n't affect them so they assume it affects the opposition similarly little , hence the only reason anyone would oppose it is racism . 
  look around and you 'll find all these do-gooders live in fucking mansions and then talk about how * it 's not always easy * . 
  you did n't answer the question , why do we need to integrate them ? 
  sure not all of them are assaulting women , but a million was all it took to see sexual violence at unprecedented levels . 
  i do not blame roughly a million people , i 'm just saying they carry enough scumbags with them that i do n't want to deal with it . 
  the same way i do n't blame people for having ebola , i just do n't want them to bring it here . 
  they do not have some natural right to benefit from our social services and stability , they could go anywhere else . 
  and yes , sexual violence is strongly correlated with their prescence , as well as their culture . 
   unrest on the streets , collapsing economy , terror outbreaks and litterally all that is happening right now . 
   this shows there are fundamental problems within the greater society yes that would be the minority crime-rate . 
  also , `` heavily skewed towards minorities '' is not the whole thruth . 
  it 's heavily skewed towards * some * minorities . 
  there are n't many jews , asians , or sikhs in prison . 
  so my guess is the system is fine , * some cultures * are n't . 
  isis does n't give a shit . 
  they can not plan that far ahead anyway , it 's a silly plan . 
  this is just `` invade the world invite the world '' in action . 
   i remember a short interview of a refugee , complaining about lack of sex . 
  why worry about / r/theredpill when we can just import those guys in the millions . 
  standard leftists argument . 
  a right-winger said there will be a problem when there obviously will !, 
  he must think the world is ending in some apocalyptic fantasy . 
  how does the sand feel in your nostrils ? 
  what , like , `` hey we caught some white women and they ca n't get away , come over '' and thousands responded by doing just that ? 
  well last time a misogyinist group stirred up hatred in islamic countries it was even worse . 
  it 's beside the point . 
  the question we need to ask is why do we need to integrate them at great cost to our selves when we can just close the borders instead . 
  by letting them integrate we are doing them a favour , so what 's in it for us ? 
  doing good for the sake of it is the only reason but we have no such obligation . 
   a fair share of the people are simply xenophobic and against immigrants no matter what right ... 
  simply xenophobia ... not wanting to see mass sexual assaults all over europe and not wanting to be targets of hate crime is being `` against immigrants no matter what '' . 
  you know , i 'd take your position more seriously if right-wingers actually had to search for problems like you say they do . 
  it 's the leftists that are unable to cover it up despite their best efforts . 
   i 'm totally fine with having a debate about how to integrate refugees why ? 
  why do we need to integrate them ? 
  seriously , there is an other option . 
  if they refuse to integrate , we can just oblige them , kick them out . 
  as if mass sexual assault is * just a failure of integration * rather than an unapologetic effort to do harm . 
  i find it very hard to believe that raping women in the streets is just a part of their culture . 
  nobody is that barbaric without trying . 
  a country where sexual assaults are occuring in public in such numbers that the police do n't have enough cells to put the offenders in is n't ruled by law either . 
  widespread cultural misogyny can only be dealt with by a similarly widespread cultural opposition . 
   [ the attackers at nye ] some of which seemed to be of north african or middle eastern decent . 
   pegidas popularity was fading . 
  they are now using the it as a tool for propaganda . 
  totally no bias . 
  no i 'm not quoting verbatim , on shitty phone with no copy/paste , but the wording ' * some * of which * seemed * to be ' ( because there were of course a shit-ton of fucking asians there or something ) and ` tool for propaganda ' were used . 
  i agree . 
  i think it 's clear that it 's a cultural issue . 
  they are bringing their backwards norms over here , and we should resist it . 
  police can handle severe crimes , but when the crimes are part of the culture and everybody 's doing it police wo n't do much . 
  what keeps our streets safe is the fact that if someone assaults a woman on the street in our culture bystanders are more likely to pounce on the guy than to join in , and that 's what we need . 
   `` attacking is not part of our principles , only defense , '' three members of the group in the eastern town of joensuu told the daily . 
  `` everyone has the right to defend themselves if we are attacked . 
  we defend ourselves and call the police , '' they said . 
  is this wrong just because some members are far-right extremists ? 
  this is pretty much the best thing those extremists can do ( not to mention the majority are probably moderates ) . 
  maybe we should stick to criticizing `` extremists '' for doing bad things , not good things . 
   whereas this far-right group does n't push any agenda whatsoever . 
  / s their only agenda is ensuring the streets are safe like they used to be . 
  you know who also shares that agenda ? 
  law-enforcement officers and the law-makers who wrote the legal code .
