  now what are the three countries with the highest homicide rates ? 
  south africa , ivory coast and burundi . 
  care to guess what religion these very violent countries predominantly use ? 
  that 's right : christianity . 
  thanks , i was gon na get the study for my claim that muslims are not inherently violent , * they actually target their outgroup * , but i guess that 'll do . 
   but still , let 's pretend that everything you said is true : it still does not mean islam is inherently the source of all the violence it is the source of violence against us . 
   and certainly not that actively working to rid the world of islam would help in any way . 
  as i said i firmly believe this would only aggravate the hostility and extremism , kind of like a morbid barbara-streisand effect . 
  remember what terrorism is : it is the act of causing terror . 
  the terrorists want us to be afraid , they want us to respond with oppression . 
  because they know it will further their cause . 
  you are out of your mind . 
  defending us will make them win ? 
  you have got to be joking . 
  or maybe they simply employ terrorism because they know it will make it harder for us to respond and their goal is simply to destabilise our countries , which is going to work btw . 
  let 's say they can keep this up ( nothing 's stopping them so why not ? ) . 
  let 's say they can make roughly three attacks happen per year , at the simply price of 3 casualties for them out of their endless supply of lunatics . 
  how many years before people start to move away ? 
  does any sane individual want to live in a country like that * even if it 's just a few incidents ? 
  * how many years before nobody want 's to invest in france anymore ? 
  it 's a global economy and it 's not like france is uniquely attractive to business . 
  that 's how terrorism works !, 
  simply by making large scale highly publicised attacks happen at a very low cost to them and limited damage to us even they can cause untold economic and moral damage . 
  keep this up long enough and all the good people will leave turning france into a third world shithole . 
  and they 're fighting this war unconventionally simply because it 's the only way they can . 
  they can not fight us directly but they can fuck us up in the long term by exploiting they fact that we wo n't stoop to their level . 
   instead we must respond with love and understanding , in practical terms foreign aid to bring stability to the region and a lack of hate , racism and hostility against their demographic to show them we are both on the same side , that we are n't out to hurt them or take away their values including religion , this will leave them without a motive to fight us . 
  they do n't give a shit about your love and understanding and they certainly do n't give a shit about your foreign aid . 
  they know it 's fake and they can take more . 
  they are not responding to our hate , they have hate for us and that 's the only motive they need . 
  do you honestly believe that they will just see how fucking virtuous and lovely you are and then not want to infringe on you way of life ? 
  that 's not how religious nutters think , they think you 're immoral and dirty for not being muslim and for all your lovelyness they will not value that unless they can place you below themselves . 
  how in the hell do you think your virtues make a difference to them ? 
  they think they are more virtuous !, 
  that 's what all people think !, 
  seriously , nobody gives a shit about how good you are . 
  and nobody factors that into their political leanings . 
   i also do n't understand your point about how normal muslims `` look the other way '' . 
  they certainly do n't , every single muslim i know are extremely exasperated at the terrorists . 
  it is very frowned upon , certainly not accepted in the community as you make it seem . 
  meeting a lot of people in college are you ? 
   what else exactly do you suggest they should do ? 
  take up guns and personally fight the extremists ? 
  would you do that and risk you and your families life ? 
  i expect them to rat the bad apples out . 
  remember the rotherham scandal ? 
  that claimed some hundreds of victims . 
  now , everybody knew about this . 
  not just those involved it was common knowledge in the entire town , and there were hundreds of perpetrators . 
  most of those presumably had families or collegues or something ? 
  how many muslims called this out ? 
  none . 
  the silence was deafening . 
  all beacuse we do n't want anyone think there is a problem in that community right ? 
  you certainly do n't which is why you are doing the same shit i just criticized . 
  refusing to admit that when hundreds of imams are preaching hate all over the west and then some muslims act on it resulting in hundreds of deaths * there is a fucking problem * and it certainly does stick out among the usual suspects . 
   also , you called me an apologist , i would claim that you are actually the apologist here . 
  my opinion is not controversial . 
  you might have been spending too much time on the internet in conservative echo chambers . 
  apologist for what ? 
  also i know your opininon is not controversial , it 's the usual laze moral posturing of upper class champagne socialists who look down upon those dirty workers . 
  you project all the ills in the world on the west and then blame those of lower status while imagining yourself to be above self interest , it 's the same old burguoise disdain for the peasants as last year . 
  i work in law enforcement , i have better heuristics to go on that whichever lefty newspaper is in vogue nowadays . 
  edit : in case you have read this far here 's where you all get this wrong : ** they see us as inferior . 
  ** we are decadent godless heathens to them . 
  they do n't want our help , they 're trying to convert us to what they see as a more dignified life . 
  this is not an opressed minority fighting for acceptance , they 're missionaries . 
  they do n't want to integrate , they want us to integrate . 
  they see your `` love and understanding '' as an insult just as they see our refusal to accept their god as an insult . 
  that 's what religious fanatics do . 
  the sooner people realize this the better , they are like christian missionaries trying to save the souls of tribal people in africa . 
  our acceptance is not what they 're after , they want us to adopt their way of life . 
  edit2 : lot 's of typos and formatting shit , i 'm tired . 
  not this shit again ... 
  underlying problems ... 
  there is no link between poverty and islamic terrorism , in fact many terrorists are highly educated . 
  what is the point in trying to integrate people when they themselves are completely opposed to it and have a bunch of lunatics running around egging them on . 
  they will only exploit the system and segregate themselves further making themselves unemployable if they do n't themselves reject the hate preachers . 
  that means we should make the penalties for failing to do so severe and deliver the extremists a humiliating defeat . 
  is it not obvious already that they have a complete disregard for the law ? 
  they are not scared or desperate , they do n't give a shit . 
  they 're not even trying to be better or build a future for themselves because they know they can rely on a horde of bleeding hearts to jump to their aid every time they attack someone . 
  the only underlying problem is they have no investment in france or in themselves even because they know they 'll face no consequences whatever they do and they do n't even need to take care of themselves . 
  how is coddling them going to make them invest ? 
  as for constant surveillance state i 'm not worried since i do n't fit the profile . 
  they 're not treating * all * citizens as criminals just the right ones . 
  that 's a very small price to pay for peace and quiet . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  nonsense . 
  the people who are ready to die to kill others might be small but hatred of that kind does not appear in a vacuum . 
  there is a reason other demographics do n't produce suicide bombers in the same numbers . 
  furthermore since you bring up utoya how about we run the numbers ? 
  if regular norwegian culture produced the same level of hatred for muslims you could expect 20 breiviks for every muslim extremist simply due to the differences in quantity . 
  the `` lone wolf '' myth really needs to die . 
  there is a significant difference in the amount of crazy produced by different communities , and you apologists are usually the first to point that out . 
  otherwise why would anyone give a shit about islamophobia if it did n't produce more hate crimes right ? 
  there are hundreds of imams in the west who openly preach hate but our governments do nothing , yet people are getting arrested for facebook posts beacuse of the risk . 
  more importantly those `` nice '' muslims do nothing , if they actually had any regard for others they would be the most able to put an end to this . 
  it is exactly the kind of dehumanization that makes the `` moderate '' muslims turn a blind eye to bigotry against us that cause the crazies to turn violent . 
  how do i know this ?
