  but you 're not talking about those right ? 
  you 're talking about those who are against the brussels elite . 
  that 's who you mean the eu should be the enemy of , correct ? 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  too often does european cooperation seem to mean `` let 's pretend we 're all in agreement '' . 
  nationalism is a dirty word to people who have nothing invested in their nations . 
  they are `` citizens of the world '' and thus have no significant ties to any one location . 
  it 's not surprising that the eu is popular among wealthy people and students . 
  it 's different for people who have families to feed and a single job they 've been at for decades and would be totally screwed if they were laid off from . 
  but people who have settled down seem completely irrelevant in politics today , while the birth-rate keeps plummeting . 
  let 's face it . 
  settling sucks . 
  the people who have a family and a job in one place , and no other prospects are miserable , and nobody else want 's to be them . 
  i thought last year was the year of linux on the desktop . 
  i 'm not against a union , my concern is with how this union should be structured . 
  specifically with the one size fits all policies . 
  so you 're saying shengen , euro and single market is worth it ? 
  you did n't adress my point about diversity of policies . 
  i 'm in favour of a super state provided it stays small and is structured correctly . 
  eu is currently small , which is great but i 'd like some checks and balances to guarantee that , and the structure of the eu is absolutely terrible so i 'm assuming by sheeple you are refering to the people who seriously believe the eu is a good system on which to base a government . 
  let me try to convince you . 
  you know obamacare ? 
  i 's kinda sorta maybe a socialized healthcare system and it 's also absolute shit . 
  the us is also several decades late with providing that which we have enjoyed in europe for a long time . 
  if you agree with having state-provided health care then you might have noticed a funny thing ; for all the noise people make about the us being more conservative in general , that 's not entirely true . 
  there are some reliably blue states in the us that have clamored for socialized medecin for a long time . 
  there is no eu law requiring every country to provide healthcare to its citizens , yet almost every eu state does ( i say almost because i actually do n't know , maybe some do n't ) . 
  there is also no federal law in the us that forbids the states from providing healthcare to everyone , yet not a single one does . 
  our healthcare systems developed independently of each other . 
  you 'd think at least some us state would just create their own system instead of waiting for obama to do his thing . 
  except of course they could n't . 
  they all have shared citizenship so any state that provides healthcare would have to provide it for everyone , without being able to tax everyone , so they would be exploited by the other states , it 's the tragedy of the commons . 
  to make a healthcare system work you must be able to restrict who has access to it . 
  in the absence of separate citizenship an insurance system is the only option . 
  also healthcare costs a lot of money . 
  here in finland we have a roughly 50 % tax rate because of all the government programs . 
  a state in the us would get away with less since they do n't have to pay for military etc , but it would still require a great increase in state taxes . 
  with the most of their taxes already being paid to the federal government , which they can not say no to , and a common market , they have to stay competitive with their neighbors . 
  money is the biggest issue for me . 
  the eu at the moment costs very little , which is good , but people seem to want to increase the budget . 
  the more taxes we pay to the eu the less room there is for the states to make big decisions like healthcare , education etc. 
  the outcome of this can be clearly seen in the us . 
  one-size-fits-all solutions are inefficient and develop slowly . 
  something big like healthcare reform can happen very quickly in europe , and did , and if it works similar systems can be adopted elsewhere . 
  in the us they are changing slowly and half the population are unhappy with it whatever it is . 
  that 's beacuse they lack the decision making power to make small incremental changes , and every time they overhaul the entire system they can not compare it to their neighbors . 
  they are essentially shooting blindly . 
  so i 'm not against coordinating policies between eu countries to solve disputes and such , but that can be done by a minimal beaurocracy . 
  the direction we seem to be going however is constant overreach and shared everything . 
  look for yourself . 
  do n't believe that the ability to make small ( and sometimes large and costly ) incremental changes on a local level is important ? 
  common core in the us is a prime example of this . 
  everybody makes a stink over how good ( or how crap ) it is , nobody sees the bigger picture . 
  it 's a fucking primary education reform and it 's the biggest lobbying effort in us history . 
  that 's what it takes to teach kids basic arithmetic in the us and they still perform worse than the eu . 
  pretty much every one of their failings are due to the scale of the system . 
  that is what you get with common everything . 
  some things work better with common policies , other do not . 
  actually i think the only thing we need common policies on is travel , monetary policy , criminal law and military , and even then it can be kept minimal . 
  the ( occasional ) successes of the eu should not make us to fall for the `` let 's all work together '' hype . 
  it 's a massive restructuring of politics in europe and the outcome will not be determined by our ideals , but by how easily those ideals are realized within our political system . 
  a massive superstate will become a bottletneck , especially for social policies . 
  so wake up indeed . 
  i hope everyone here understands that with the eu there are only two ways to go on this . 
  either nobody has guns or everybody has guns . 
  without borders gun control can not work on the state level , which also means a local approach that takes into account the differences in gun ownership and crime rates in different areas is not possible . 
  and to all those who claim borders do not prevent smuggling , sure , but lack of demand and profitability does . 
  simply building walls trump style can change the bottom line for smugglers . 
  you only need to catch enough of them to make the risk not worth it . 
  borders * do * work . 
  whichever way you turn this a blanket policy for all is going to either bring guns into areas that do n't want them or take guns from people who do and do n't need gun control . 
  if guns are smuggled from some area to another and going into the hands of criminals this can be solved with tracking of firearms ( eu level ) and joint regulation between states without imposing blanket bans on everyone . 
  the eu could help in coordinating policies between states but predictably it 's more interested in simple blanket rules rather than intelligent solutions . 
  this should not surprise anyone . 
  they eu is simultaneously structured like a state with a one-size-fits-all law making process , and also unlike a state in that the commision is not elected and acts as legislative and enforcing branch all at once . 
  the eu will be the death of political diversity in europe , and with that experimentation and intelligence ( as in collecting data on the effect of different policies ) . 
  i 'm looking forward to becoming like the us where they can not even decide on the high school curriculum without massive investment from the bill and melinda gates foundation . 
  concerns ? 
  when i 'm masturbating in public it concerns nobody !, 
  does the validity of the claim factor in with them ? 
  like eye for an eye , kind of ? 
  if you masturbate on public property , the publics civil servants will masturbate on you ? 
  but in prison they can at least get it out of their system in a private setting . 
  what should be illegal are those apps that do more than advertized . 
  sooner or later they 'll get one of these historical monuments . 
  place your bets . 
  see how well the globalists treat you !, 
  edit : i got ta go and i 'm not gon na spell check this huge post , whatever . 
   have zero personal experience with the people they claim to loathe that would let them see as humans , equals , comparable to us . 
  could n't possibly be any other reason . 
  but hold that though , whats this ? 
  a study classifying people as ` xenophobes ' and ` thinkers ' . 
  that is there are three categories , you either are for mass immigration or you `` loath them and see them as not human '' right . 
  where to even begin . 
  `` but their answers to other questions strongly point to them being that account for roughly another 10 % . '', 
  in other words completely subjective opinion , should i even entertain this study ? 
  but i wo n't quote it because i can not copy past from the pdf file due to shitty linux software , and nobody uses pdf . 
  in the introduction they cite two aims for the study . 
  in these they proclaim that the aim of this study is to determine the role of ngos in changing the populations perception . 
  so this is not a study on peoples perceptions and motivations , this is a study with the stated purpose of figuring out how to sway those opinions .
