more like it 's a disgustingly public and fetishistic courting ritual . 
  bunch of exhibitionists reading poetry and jousting and for some reason insist that we all care . 
  yeah , we got ta get those right wingers before they commit any terrorism . 
   europe is governed by the banks and the big corporations . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure europe is governed by any for profit organisations . 
  if it was , * someone * would be profiting . 
  certainly here in finland i 'd love to see some corporations and banks be intrested in investing here . 
  turns out that when all the big businesses leave or go under there 's just not a lot of money to go around . 
  there was a long time since i heard of any businesses in europe actually succeeding rather than just sort of keeping up . 
  strong ideological convictions such as believing in all peoples goodness except your own to the point of ignoring your own populations concerns about safety and the economy in favour of letting people swarm over the border from countries where militant groups with a stated goal of destroying us have almost taken power ? 
  dropping our principles of free speech and cencoring people on social media to make sure that noone can go against the group think ? 
  no , those are n't * strong convictions * because everyone ( in power ) believe in that !, 
  you do realise that we are under the greatest mass surveillance apparatus the world has ever seen and our policies of no borders , giving people money just for coming over even from warzones where half of the fighters are waging war * on us * , and not even punishing our own citizens for going of to fight for our enemies etc etc , are completely unpresidented historically . 
  somehow this spells `` moderate '' to you ? 
  it 's called overton window , look it up . 
  it will certainly advance islam . 
  only that ? 
  i was expecting * really * racist shit like `` muslims in rotherham are running child rape rings victimizing hundreds '' . 
  now * that * would be racist . 
  oh wait that was actually true but was dismissed for being `` not free speech , just racism '' . 
  defending free speech always means defending unpopular speech because popular speech rarely gets censored . 
  all violence is , categorically , violence . 
  forceful imprisonment does n't count as violence ? 
  do you have kids ? 
  just asking . 
   they believe in carrying out acts of violence against anyone who does not share their beliefs . 
  you know that carrying out acts of violence against rapists is a european value , right ? 
  that 's what law enforcement does . 
  til humane means doing nothing at all . 
  no rescue operation , no job prospects once they get here , no action to make their trip safer . 
  just let them stand in a queue with the rest of the tourists , and let everybody else in while we 're at it so the queue can be maximally long . 
  they should have been given special treatment when they needed it most , instead it was used to give every other opportunist a pass and then accomodated for to the same degree as the rest of germanys homeless . 
  the fact that this is even portrayed as humane is sickening when it is a completely callous * lack of action * . 
  an exceptional situation calling for exceptional measures was treated by removing the measures to decrease the flow , making it a free-for-all and then ignoring it . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  they 're having to appeal to sex discrimination laws !, 
  they came for our women . 
  there you fucking go you daft bastards . 
  no do n't you get it !, 
  do you really believe the muslims will beat the feminists on this one . 
  the ladies have this one in the bag trust me . 
  now we just have to wait a decade or so before islam will have completely lost it 's track and become just another social club . 
  i love feminists just this time . 
  they hate only white men and it 's awesome . 
  we just have to learn to ignore them back . 
  i can see it now . 
  they 're trying to reel people in in small steps and adapting their message to the audience , hoping they can make people more `` tolerant '' to slowly spread their dogma . 
  some kind of `` be kind to sinners to turn them to the right path '' bullshit . 
  and it 's going to backfire completely . 
  islam is going to be coopted and turned into a fashion statement before dying a slow death like everey other religion in europe . 
  but dude , this is brilliant . 
  the critics will have to appeal to sex discrimination laws to have it opened to men . 
  i for one am totally in favour of the feminist / muslim alliance . 
  indeed , i complained about this same thing before . 
  how exactly is it hypocrisy to be perfectly consistent . 
  oh get over it . 
  fucking with people on television is completely harmless and kinda funny . 
  and please do n't make this about women , i would n't give a shit if it was done to a man and i would bet you would n't either . 
  lol the video !, 
  is this what everybody is loosing their shit about ? 
  the guy is clearly just joking and not even touching her . 
  yes , if you are a public figure you will have to deal with hecklers , such is life and i would n't have it any other way . 
  and here i was thinking [ this is what people were worried about ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqndfmzs2is ) . 
  * french * butcher shop . 
  why is their religion only relevant when they are the victims ? 
  `` investing in military '' `` nationalism on the rise '' keep an eye out for art-students fellas . 
  how does it feel to know the borders are only open one way ? 
  they can feel free to send us some engineers and doctors when those start migrating from sweden . 
  hey now !, 
  nobody said anything about economically productive jobs . 
  we just needed to smash some windows and europeans are to nice to do it . 
  white flight ? 
  noooo !, 
  that would * never * happen in progressive sweden !, 
  now you 're thinking !, 
  it 's not like the workforce drain will undermine african society , while straining the economic stability of one of the few non-shit places on this earth !, 
  as if people moving just to get an opportunity not to work , and commit crime is n't going to benefit everyone !, 
   literally all ...  no one ever claimed that there was n't a massive number of significant number of economic migrants . 
  you know there are treatments for congitive dissonance . 
  like for example backpeddling faster . 
  you have to wonder what people thought would happen . 
  `` we need to help refugees , so let 's open the borders for * everyone !, 
  * '' really ? 
  nobody could see this coming ? 
  but ... but ... 
  it 's the `` far right '' who are fascists !, 
  because it 's fucking cold !, 
  prioritizing people who are less likely to be economic migrants and more likely to be more vulnurable instead of making this whole deal an all-african free-for-all to get to the prize , where strong elbows puts you first in line is rational . 
  i said this in another thread but it 's heavily downvoted so i 'm posting this here for visibility : maybe they are trying to get out of france because of the recent terrorist attacks . 
  they can see that what they 're running from has followed them , and are understandably more terrified that the average frenchman . 
  i do n't know if this is what / u/slyratchet meant but consider the fact they might want to leave france because of the recent terrorist attacks . 
  that 's what they 're running away from and they believe they are being followed/haven ' t gotten far enough away yet . 
  such brave . 
  muh `` let everybody in or your racis '' . 
  you 're right . 
  let 's not let any rational handling of the refugee crisis get in the way of upper-class leftist back-patting . 
  this is not surprising at all . 
  the problem with an open borders policy is that we are n't just getting refugees , we 're getting whoever is capable and willing to elbow their way first in line . 
  many of these will simply be criminals . 
  furthermore we 're getting a lot of single men and not many families , and that is a bad sign .
