  they got it pretty good . 
  that was achieved by peaceful cultural exchange with the west after ww2 . 
  we did n't just recieve their culture , they took plenty of ours . 
  the middle east is completely closed , there is no positive change going on there , they are just spitting out social problems and letting the rest of the world deal with it . 
  i 'm not acting as if it 's a post-sexism society . 
  and i 'm well aware of the stats . 
  not that sexual violence would cease to exist in a post-sexist society anymore than crime gangs would cease to exist in a post-racist society . 
  i 'm saying our culture is less sexist than the migrants , and i 'd like to keep it that way . 
  less sexism = good , more sexism = bad , you get ? 
  and that large mob provided cover for them by not letting the cops through . 
  stop giving them free stuff and they 'll stop coming . 
  same as in every other european society . 
  if you do n't agree with open-borders you are an extremist . 
  it beggars belief how every single establishment party is 100 % in favour of this lunacy . 
  i 'm certain any party could get a ton of moderate voters by simply not toeing the line . 
   no one has ever even dared to say that the problem is also ours . 
  except for the womens movement who have been for over a century and have succeeded in passing laws that cover more offences , reform the way police handles the incidents and provided services for victims , all that make victims more likely to come forward , all with great popular support , and as a result rape rates have been on a steady decline to the point that i believe it has dropped by 75 % since the 70ies ? 
  there you go again with the whole `` noone cared before this ! '', 
  the difference is that we have combated those problems so efficiently that what remains is very hard to deal with . 
  in most rape cases it 's very difficult to determine guilt since they happen in private and leave very little evidence . 
  also a lot of rapes straddle a gray area of wether consent was given , in the cases of drunk hookups or simply overly agressive behaviour without meaning harm . 
  law enforcement is too blunt a weapon to deal with these cases , and they need to be tackled on a cultural level . 
  ** and that is precicely why people are shocked that it 's now happening on the streets !, 
  we were doing so well , to the point that what remained was really difficult to deal with , and now we 're faced by the most extreme possible cases again !, 
  **  but are you really saying it 's actually worse that an isolated case occurs than something that 's happening constantly ? 
  why is it worse to have one woman raped than more than 1000 every year just in one country ? 
  because , ( and you sound like a feminist so you should know this ) ** rape is a cultural issue !, 
  ** 100 assaults is not much in the big scheme of things , but as you know much more takes place in private . 
  and gang-rapes in public are * really fucking indicative * of the kinds of agressive behaviours that we 've been on a fairly decent way to eradicating . 
  you can be assured that the amount of sexual violence that goes behind closed doors is going to be fucking massive when it 's even happening in public and people just watch . 
  i 'd imagine the only thing preventing the violence in private that is the hardest to deal with is probably the fact that these immigrants are living in refugee camps with very few women in . 
   you deny a group of people something they desire that is not punishment . 
   yes , that is punishing the entire group for the deeds of some . 
  do you know how insurance works ? 
   you may find that acceptable , but how could you deny that it is a punishment - unless you would n't allow them into your country regardless ? 
  no , i would n't allow them in just for showing up . 
  i 'd expect them to earn their place , or in the case of those who are refugees , to be granted refuge only after a strict vetting process . 
  and harsh as it might sound , i 'd close the borders completely after we 're saturated with all the problems they bring . 
  there is a limit to how much we can help and there is almost no limit to how much damage they can cause to us . 
  also you keep bringing up refugees . 
  understand that the system is being played . 
  the accomodation for refugees is so absurdly much better than even an average life in certain parts of the world that people are flocking here just to take advantage of it wether they really are refugees or not . 
  these kinds of refugee programs are usually in place to resque the most vulnurable , children and wounded . 
  you can not just accept everyone and expect that to make things better . 
  they have no future in this country , they certainly have made little effort , they just come here , mooch , and sit around without shit to do while syria is burning . 
  they 'll keep coming untill syria is completely in isis hands and we have doubled our population with people who can not support themselves because they lack the education and do n't even speak the language . 
  they can not all run from isis , and they certainly should n't run here . 
  they should run to their neighbors and someone should step up and fight , or they 'll have to stay . 
  we 're being used and they 're future is being undermined . 
  spain has a population of 46m and they also celebrate nye , if the rates where comparable we would have expected about 5,000 sexual assaults in madrid that night . 
  * in the streets alone * with probably about a hundred times more happening behind closed doors . 
  a woman was raped in public in a train-station among a thousand people . 
  do n't try to say that happens all the time . 
  saying it did before now is not self-critique , it 's lying . 
   first of all , it 's impossible to perfectly control the borders and keep them out even if you want to . 
  all we need to do is stop accomodating them and they will stop coming . 
   deporting them all back would be extremely costly and where would you deport them to ? 
  i 'm afraid you 're right , we invited trouble and now we got it . 
   leaving gigantic encampments at the outskirts of europe would generate a humanitarian crisis and a perfect recruiting ground for isis which in turn would have much more serious consequences on the security of europe than integrating them . 
  no it would n't . 
  isis wo n't last long and could be quashed in an instant if they became a serious threat . 
  i 'm not buying that old boogieman . 
  also it would be a lot harder for isis to pose a threat if we simply did n't invite them to come bomb us . 
   to integrate these people also means bringing them on the job market , create new businesses and if successful , these people would have a positive impact on the german economy rather than be a burden . 
  * if * successful , and if not ? 
  if what you 're saying was so obviously true then why is the black community in the us still a burden decades after the civil rights movement . 
  and if you say racism then you should know we still stand as much a chance of fighting that as the americans do , we 're not special and a new under-class here is not going to just go away by itself . 
  if anything racial tensions here are worse than in the us . 
  and no , it 's not some natural fact that they will eventually become a net positive on society , and even if they do they will take longer and become a smaller net positive than any other group would . 
   integrating them also means sharing european values with those people and many of them will want to go back home when the war ends , it 's not a bad thing to share those values across the globe . 
  at the moment our society is becoming more like theirs and the middle-east is becoming even less like ours , so i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you do n't spread western values by inviting foreign values , abandoning our own to accomodate them and weakening social cohesion here in the process . 
  we 'll have more conflict , they 'll have less and as a result the west will become slightly smaller and weaker . 
  social values spread by showing the world that they are better . 
  not letting people trample over us and bleed our social services dry . 
  it only makes us weaker and our culture less attractive . 
  japan adopted our culture because we bombed the shit out of them . 
  china because we outcompeted them economically . 
  you can always just speculate on how our actions today will somehow have a positive effect in the future , but it 's just that ; speculation . 
  look far enough and you can always find a silver lining , some hypothetical outcome that we can assume will be positive only if the world stops moving . 
  what makes you think those people if integrated will successfully spread western values back to their homeland , rather than just achieving measly success while their own values take greater hold here or elsewhere . 
  what makes you think they will ultimately benefit our economy rather than just exploit us , bringing the fruits of their labour back home while the rest of the world surpass us by actually spending their resources efficiently . 
  is there any evidence at all that what you think the benefit will be will not just materialize , but that it will be worth it , and more worth it than the alternative ? 
   why not integrate them and just deport those scumbag criminals ? 
  why do n't we let them integrate ? 
  there is a fine distinction . 
  we should n't have to do anything to accomodate people who do n't share our values and bring nothing to our table . 
  stop letting them in and then try to integrated them . 
  keep them out ( or under oversight ) and let them in only when they do . 
  what we 're doing now is n't even close to a strategy . 
  it 's litterally just rolling over and foolishly hoping things are going to be alright . 
  fine . 
  litterally two out of three are happening right now . 
   we 've been having mass sexual assaults long before this refugee crisis . 
  show me an incident in which over a hundred of women were assaulted on a single day , in a single town-square , in full view of the public , with a thousand others there to protect them who did n't and police being blocked from reaching them by bystanders . 
  you can go all the way back to the middle-ages and the first printed press , i 'll wait . 
   it seems all xenophobes now care about women when it 's aproppriate for them . 
  * i 'm the only one who ever cared about women !, 
  noone else cares about women than me !, 
  * could you be any less hysterical .
