  that usually means they are economic migrants , like stated in op , they come here to make a quick buck , entertain themselves by exploiting the lax borderchecks . 
  not fleeing with their families to start over in a peaceful country . 
  we can not have just the mediterranean as our vetting process . 
  that 's not charity , it 's just virtue signalling . 
  we could help people but it has to be done in a rational way . 
   this is a direct result of an absolute fuck-up done by western military intervention in syria , for trying to `` export '' our values . 
  does not mean :  we are not importing anything . 
  your thoughts are all over the place . 
  also , i would n't consider dropping bombs on people to be export , but maybe that 's cause i understand trade . 
  are you really going to project you own confusion of trade with warfare unto me ? 
  how radically left of you . 
   the problem i see with your line of thought is that any of the aspects of inequality that are n't directly correlated to crime are discarded not quite , i 'm just pointing out that those aspects are merely * correlated * . 
  that does not imply causation , and getting rid of them will not nessecarily remove the crime nor the poverty . 
  they * do * indirectly influence the crime-rate and the crime-rate influences them . 
  but getting tunnel vision focusing on all that continues to show little results . 
  you end up missing what 's right in front of your face and might just end up fighting the symptoms rather than the cause . 
  for instance the black community has only gone further down the hole since the 70ies , although they have more government programs aiding them than before . 
  but with hikes in minimum wage unemployment spikes , affirmative action is likely to make them missmatched with their educational institutions and programs providing benefits for single mothers provide incentives for breaking up families . elephant in the room is of course the war on drugs , but that has also resulted in law enforcement becoming overwhelmed and subsequently unable to enforce the law in certain areas . 
  point is that helping people by giving them things does not nessecarily help , or it might not help as much as some `` harsher '' options would . 
  and the current situation with immigrants is a prime example . 
  the incentives are perverse and they are being exploited . 
   again , you know nothing about these people , and are making blanket assumptions . 
  just compare the number of crimes related to the refugees compared to the huge number of them who have n't done a thing nor have they any intention to . 
  just watch any report on refugee camps and interviews . 
  your view of them is worryingly dehumanizing and ignorant at best . 
  granted the bad apples are a minority , but i know a hardened criminal when i see one and i do regularily . 
  by simply opening the borders and giving them all place in the refuge camps indiscriminately we are letting in a whole lot of bad apples . 
  and given that it 's a war-zone , and not a simple one with two sides both well organized , there 's gon na be a whole lot of * really * bad apples . 
  because they are capable of getting here , and they are incentiviced to do so , and further incentivices to behave as badly as they want since our law-enforcement and social structure is n't capable of handling the kind of disfunction that is the norm in syria . 
   i bet you would really like that . 
  this is how law-enforcement works . 
  violence must at some point be met with greater violence . 
  a failure to do so will result in more violence . 
  success means the threat alone will keep things stable . 
  we are not prepared to handle the crime they will bring , nor do we have institutions in place to grant them a way out of poverty . 
  we do not have a culture that is compatible with theirs . 
  all we have for them is loot . 
  we are not selecting them based on either need or compatibility , the only selection process in place is the mediterranean , selecting essentially for the most mobile and hardened . 
  and out of all the places in the world this is likely the worst place for them to come , both for us and for them . 
  we will lose the safety and stability we have and they will be left destitute , subsisting on crime and gaming the system . 
  what in this situation spells `` sane immigration policy '' to you ? 
   crimes happen because of poverty and structural inequality . 
  first of all , we are importing poverty and structural inequality . 
  second that 's a load of nonsense . 
  with regards to poverty all that can be proven is a correlation with a dubious causal relationship as crime also causes poverty , and while crime is correlated with poverty it still varies with demographics due to cultural factors , and is correlated with a whole slew of things other than poverty , meaning that `` living in poverty '' , which is an arbitrary economic distinction , becomes meaningless as an explanation of crime and serves only as a vague predictor of crime . 
  for instance the correlation between crime and fatherlessness is greater than the correlation with poverty . 
  poverty simply acts as a broad enough umbrella with connections to so many things , that people can wheel it out to sound smart and compassionate without coming any closer to solving the issue of crime . 
  as for structural inequality , care to define what you mean by that ? 
  do you mean just racism ? 
  beacuse very little connection to crime can be found there . 
  japanese people faced extreme prejudice in the us just after ww2 and they 've never caused much crime . 
  i 'd imagine sikhs in britain face as much racism as any other minority but they engage in almost no crime . 
  maybe you mean some other inequality ? 
  income disparity ? 
  lack of upwards mobility ? 
  lack of education ? 
  income disparity and lack of updards mobility can not be shown to increase crime , lack of education on the other hand can i 'll give you that . 
  but it still does not get to the heart of the issue , nor does it make the issue any easier to adress . 
  facing hardship in life does not make people more violent , nor is it an excuse . 
  they are violent because they come from a life in which violence is to be expected , it is rewarded , and is only kept in check ( if at all ) by threats of even greater violence . 
  here they are not threatened by violence at all , and it is even more rewarding because the entire population does n't expect it and are thus are defenseless , not to mention richer . 
  we 're simply easy targets . 
  that makes them dangerous , and they will keep being dangerous until they are met with the only thing that has kept them in check before : greater violence . 
  or they will make us expect violence like they do . 
  they leave their families behind to exploit our open doors policy , they lash out at us simply because they can get away with it , and they exploit our charity to get as much as they can without even planning for a brighter future . 
  as far as they are concerned they have everything they need . 
  they 're in fucking paradise here . 
  what makes you think they will change ? 
  they have no reason too !, 
  meanwhile there are children with mothers and responsible fathers left in syria . 
  they 're forced to stay because they ca n't make the trip . 
  we 're getting the criminals and the delinquents , the people who see no issue with shoving their way to the first of the line to get to that european free-for-all while they leave the rest to die . 
  our charity is being exploited to benefit the least deserving , with the least efficiency , for the highest possible price . 
  trust me , you 're saving nobody . 
  i 'm all in favour of ending the wars , i 've never been in favour of it , but the point remains . 
  the middle east is a hotbed for those issues and they are completely closed off . 
  as for us being fed their values , our society is changing more to accomodate them ( sometimes fairly ) and their social ills are definitely becoming more prominent here . 
  as for women walking with fear at night . 
  not all women walk with fear on the streets and certainly not everywhere . 
  you can see this by simply observing their movements depending on where you are . 
  and for the record i 'm more worried about their actual risk than their percieved risk . 
  you accuse me of thinking sexism is gone . 
  you are clearly thinking it 's the same no matter what . 
  but since concern for women does n't sway you unsurprisingly let 's not forget that the crime rate overall increases with immigration from certain areas and that affects men too ( more close to home ? ) . 
  i do n't want to fear attacks either and i know there are some areas that are far more dangerous to my safety than others , and some of those areas were safe before . 
  and i know from experience that it 's not native europeans i need to worry about . 
  edit : i did n't a word . 
   there is absolutely no way that migrants will ever abandon sexist viewpoints on their own , much as we did n't and wo n't either because it 's part of the status quo . 
  we 've done far more to solve sexism and we did it on our own . 
  they can as well . 
   if people are doing this in x country , there 's nothing stopping them from doing it in another . 
  so i say stop feeding the melting pot and instead of `` sweeping '' the `` problem '' ( aka all migrants being put on the same sack because of xenophobic rhetoric ) under the rug by kicking migrants off the country on to another one , try to solve the problem from its root . 
  if you want to solve the problem from its root then you need to go to the root to do it . 
  sexism is generational , and these are mostly young men ( unlikely to be re-socialized ) who came with very few women and have a very low chance of being stable enough to form families ( even if they calm down they wont pass it on ) . 
  the countries they came from are producing people who hold those values , and we 're now being fed those values . 
  there are already parts of europe where women no longer go alone . 
  that is going to have an enormous impact by limiting womens mobility and thus their sphere of influence . 
  to fight it at it 's root we need to reverse that relation . 
  we need to export our values , not import theirs . 
  look at japan , hardly a rape-free zone but people can leave children unattended in malls there and compared to the middle east they can drive , go to college etc.
