  why do n't you go protest them ? 
  this is exactly what we need to combat the inevitable crime-wave we 're facing , since the police wo n't be able to handle the scale . 
  i 've heard moderates be referred to as neo-nazis enough times by now to simply call bullshit . 
  are they agaist multi-culturalism ? 
  probably . 
  that 's hardly nazism or even racism . 
  i 'm still waiting for those scare right-wingers to become a bigger menace on the streets than immigrants . 
  oh i agree for sure ... let 's close the borders for everyone except muslims . 
  so , all in favour of sending them to merkels residence ? 
  one well connected , rich white guy got away ? 
  this is what you call ` especially concerning white people ' ? 
   `` i do n't want a sex abuse case on my hands because they are horrible and messy '' . 
  the solution to this is maybe not to jump on the `` police are horrible at handling sex-crime cases , dae they must hate women ? '', 
  maybe we should just admit the problem is that sex abuse cases * are * horrible and messy . 
  there is a ton the police can do wrong and face consequences for and very little reward . 
  they do n't need sensitivity training they need to be able to do their jobs and possibly get bonuses for taking on those cases . 
  so pc is n't the motive but still the attack-vector . 
  that 's not exactly a defense of pc . 
  i do n't think the migrants who keep to themselves is what worries anyone . 
  there are truck-drivers who earn that . 
  educated people know this , hence why the terrorists do n't use it . 
  so let 's tie everybody elses hands out of fear those who lack the skills will somehow use it more effectively . 
  why did n't erdo just purge the children in equal ratio ? 
   honestly , i do n't get this resentment towards a european army . 
  need to have it spelled out ? 
  ** nobody voted for this !, 
  ** they are just doing whatever the fuck they want and we do n't get a say !, 
  they are actively working to take our independence , sovereignty and democracy . 
   the army is not usually directly involved in suppressing citizens.that is what the police usually does . 
  i 'm just fucking done . 
  i do n't know how , but they have somehow managed to convince you that you have franchise . 
  like a full citizen . 
  amazing . 
  so sure , fuck the parliamentary process , fuck checks and balances , fuck popular vote , and fuck self-determination . 
  why even have a constitution , the government should have no limitations !, 
  we need to stop the ruskies and fight the nazis , with their xenophobia , sure fucking thing . 
  friendly reminder that not a single person in europe voted for more than a trade union . 
  but they 're just gon na go ahead anyway . 
  how is this not concidered a threat to national security ? 
  please tell me how brexit was the wrong decision again . 
  these people clearly do n't give a fuck about democracy . 
  there 's a word for that : fascist . 
  i wonder what they 'd say if our government started a campaign to promote finnish citizens ' ideal ? 
  like national sovereignty and shit ? 
  or a division of government into three branches with directly elected peoples representatives in the legislative branch ? 
  i imagine they would consider it `` far right extremism '' . 
  are you saying they expected snow in summer ? 
  it 's more likely than we all think . 
  i think we can work this out . 
  sweden takes all the fighting age men and finland takes all the women , children and elderly . 
  that way we 'll get like 10,000 and they can take the rest . 
  this is the face of european `` cooperation '' . 
  `` do n't you dare step out of line or we will gang up on you to punish you economically . '', 
  this is just ugly . 
  as eu sceptic as i am , on the assumption the money does n't go to the eu this is actually a good idea . 
  however it could be used better by balancing the tax to bring more growth to poorer nations , preventing rich nations from undercutting others . 
  this could be used to mitigate the effect we see in the us , where it 's a few pockets of huge wealth in a sea of poverty . 
  like silicon valley compared to detroit . 
  common market can become predatory . 
  \\  / u/nordicgirl42 with estonian flair \\  estonia \\  nordic you tempt my autism . 
  edit : well this comment spawned the expected thread . 
  1.91 is a success story ? 
  they 've been fighting for hundreds of years and now we 're going to solve the shia v sunni conflict through the astounding might of european beaurocracy ? 
  so being an imam will require a university degree . 
  this shit is going to be hilarious . 
  the mental gymnastics required to justify this religion will be extreme . 
  we should fund nothing . 
  they will see through it and think we 're hiding something from them . 
  we should however impose penalties for teaching hate . 
  revoke their status as purely religious institutions and enforce hate speech law to the fullest . 
  look at christianity . 
  we did n't try to change it . 
  we rejected the shitty stuff and then they change to stay relevant . 
  and after a while they become a joke , because the moderates end up apologising for the lunatics yet everyone knows they are there . 
  it 's like a doctor who is also a chain smoker trying to sneak a quick one on his lunch break and then obsessively washing his hands and chewing mint gums to hide the smell . 
  it 's just sad and funny . 
  trying to be manipulate them on the other hand will make it seem like we 're trying to hide the true islam by distracting them . 
  it makes the radicals more compelling , especially to disenfrachised youth who are likely to believe in conspiracies . 
  we should make it clear we do n't care about their superstitions , but we think it 's silly and we 'll keep an eye on the crazies . 
  we know their beliefs are bullshit and we know the crazies are there , but if you 're not breaking the law you wo n't have a problem . 
  total horseshit . 
  the thing about assimilation in [ insert country ] is generally dependant on the immigrant demographics and not on the host country within any significant margin of error . 
  but nobody want 's to hear that we have no evidence whatsoever that * any * assimilation policy works and are essentially just making shit up . 
  how 's the black population doing over there btw ? 
  still comitting 10x the amount of crimes per head ? 
  still having riots ? 
  speak their own recognised language ? 
  you 've had a while to fully assimilate you know . 
  they 'd never fall for it . 
  the hubris of western leaders thinking they can control culture and shape religions is astounding . 
  nationalism today means sovereignty . 
  because not wanting one people , one state and one commision is racist . 
  no , it 's been proven in a few instances occasionally . 
  every single nation state has nationalism and it 's fine . 
  likewise plenty of great unions with pretenses to bring the world together under one ruler have been awful . 
   having eu be the enemy of populist movements oh boy the enemy of populist movements ... and here i was hoping for an economic union that did n't meddle with local politics . 
  this is wikipedia on populism btw :  populism is a political ideology that holds that virtuous citizens are mistreated by a small circle of elites , who can be overthrown if the people recognize the danger and work together . 
  so occupy wall street qualifies . 
  as does euro maidan . 
  pretty sure many forms of feminism too .
