  you have been banned from / r/pyongyang, 
  yep . 
  i 'm a persian/kurdish agnostic who is bisexual and i grew up in a conservative muslim family . 
  i 'm also for strict immigration . 
  how much hate i get depends on where i am and the people there . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/milo-yiannopoulos-on-pedophilia-and-this-arbitrary_us_58ab52a5e4b029c1d1f88d77 there are many other articles on this . 
  the videos from the podcasts where he talked about it is still available i think . 
  phillip defranco talked about it as well i think . 
  do n't forget that he said pedophilia is good for young boys . 
  that old men diddling children is beneficial to those kids . 
   but i would n't think he played on professional level so its completely up to him how much time he uses to improve exactly . 
  i paid out of my own pocket to play on the team . 
  i was n't getting paid to be there with them . 
  i chose to prioritize my education over some sport that 'd give me nothing in return . 
   i do n't know at what level you played it u14 , u17 and u19  but having coached , played and studied myself , all at the same time , prioritizing studying for a test is such a bullshit excuse . 
  it 's a couple of hours of practice twice a week or so at night . 
  well for me i had to ride the bus 1 hour to practice , and then 1 hour home . 
  so 3 hours of practice and 2 hours of travelling , that 's 5 hours . 
  i usually had to wait for the bus because of when we finished our practice , so it 's more like 5-6 hours . 
  it does n't matter if you think the excuse is bullshit or not , i am paying my own money to play the sport . 
  i am not getting paid to play for the team . 
   if you had the test at 8am the next day , that 's fine . 
  but just studying ? 
  if you would have started studying a day earlier , you could 've made it to practice and study as well . 
  i skipped practice if i had any test at all , does n't matter if it was early next day or not . 
  i skipped practice to work on assignments and presentations as well . 
   it 's all about time management . 
  not showing up to practice because you do n't plan your schedule accordingly is straight up letting your team down , and i can understand your team captain being disappointed . 
  i am good at managing my time . 
  it 's just that i prioritized my education . 
  i wanted to get the highest grades i could , so i used my time to study instead of practicing at a useless sport that gives me nothing in return . 
   my view is possibly tainted as i played at a fairly high level , but i believe even in recreational sports you make a commitment to your team , and that should be honored if possible . 
  we were kids . 
  i prioritized my education before football practice . 
  if you think that 's bullshit then you 're part of the problem . 
  people taking a recreational sport too seriously is why the community is toxic . 
  same reasons as sk ? 
  they 're quite similar , but japan is slightly better in various areas . 
  the ads are getting smarter . 
  ah man , you had to remind me of skolebr\u00f8d . 
  i have n't had that deliciousness in over a year and a half tt, 
  kvikk lunsj , and no i have n't seen it available anywhere else . 
  norwegian chocolate in general tbh . 
  being as unbiased as possible , i think it 's the best in the world . 
  i have n't seen it abroad unfortunately . 
   the coaches are a mixed bag but for many in poorer neighborhoods and cities , the coaches were like fathers to the kids and the players themselves saw football as an outlet for frustration . 
  the teams became their family away from home . 
  many of these kids could not afford college so they used football as a way to get a scholarship . 
  yeah , but that 's the us . 
  i 'm talking about how it is/was in norway . 
   in many small towns , the local high school football team is the center of attention . 
  if the team ever won an award , it would be on the town 's sign , `` danville - the tri-county semi finalists 1978 '' . 
  even once the players were adults , they would be known as a local celebrity for being the quarterback in high school . 
  the reasoning why people cling to it like this because their local football team is a sign of personal and community identity , even if they have never played the sport . 
  i can understand this happening in the us . 
  but the sport is extremely small in norway . 
  the coaches were some old fat dudes fulfilling their fantasy about being some incredible coach . 
  similar to what we see in a lot of american football movies . 
  a few of them were really cool , but the rest were cunts . 
  it was just an incredibly toxic environment that embraced being douche bags for w/e reason . 
  the normal people i played with were nice though , and i have a lot of good memories with them . 
  i played it for a few years . 
  it was fun , but it attracted a lot of douchebags here unfortunately . 
  people got too serious with it as well . 
  if i skipped practice to study for a test or because i did n't feel like playing , my captain would get pissed at me saying how i should prioritize practice . 
  my coach would get angry at me for skipping practice . 
  it 's just a game , not life and death , and i paid money to play . 
  it 's not like i am getting paid to be there . 
  the toxic community was the main reason i quit . 
  i did meet some wonderful people i still keep in touch with , and i am glad i met them . 
  we are born with skis on our feet . 
  my guatamalan friend told me that the girls in venezuela have nice culos . 
  other than that , i know a little about the problems there . 
  not much else unfortunately , i have n't met anyone from venezuela . 
  i imagine it 's like winning the superbowl , but better because the world cup is only once every 4 years . 
  so i guess it 's like winning 4 superbowls at once ? 
  [ sounds like someone is envious of our oil money . 
   also , swedish cuisine is apparently shit because of surstr\u00f6mming ? 
  i bet they never had some k\u00f6ttbullar from ikea . 
  i have met a lot of mena women at festivals . 
  it 's difficult to distinguish between menas , mediterraneans and latinos . 
  maybe you saw some , but you did n't think they were mena ? 
  festivals happen during summer as well , so people get somewhat tanned which makes it even harder to tell them apart . 
   is it because you do n't see women with hijabs jumping around in the crowd ? 
  damn i 'd like to see that actually . 
  burka babes at an edm festival , that 'd be interesting . 
  south-korea and japan . 
  what the hell is anus-fantasy ? 
   i have to say they 're harmless . 
  when i was growing up they were known to be burglars and pickpockets as well as beggars . 
  i do n't know how they 're represented when it comes to violent crime though . 
  there were some stories/rumours about them kidnapping babies and young children , but i do n't know if they 're true or not . 
  drive to sweden to buy cheap groceries and alcohol . 
  they were some random dudes i met . 
  they started a conversation with me , asking where i 'm from etc. 
   san antonio is really diverse believe it or not , and i highly recommend a visit if you wan na experience some awesome tejano culture . 
  if i ever visit the us again i 'll keep that in mind . 
  cheers for the recommendation !, 
  thank you for your sweet words . 
  luckily they were only a minority .
