  we visited the city hall in oslo when i was in 2nd or 3rd grade , and there were some japanese tourists that took pictures with our class . 
  one thing to keep in mind is that switzerland is more expensive . 
  these days i mostly play lol , pubg , ow , hs and the witcher 3 . 
  i do n't really have a favorite genre , i just love any game i can get lost in . 
  a game where i can spend hours playing without getting bored . 
  i do n't have a favorite franchise , but my favorite game so far is the witcher . 
  my biggest issue with games right now is that i get super excited for a game , buy it , install it , and when it 's ready i just ca n't be arsed to play it . 
  which is why i have 100 + games on steam that i have bought , but never played . 
  we walk on our hands in this part of the world , so it does n't matter what people have on their feet . 
  some good mexican food chain or in-n-out . 
  we have a show called '' * alt for norge * '' about this , where americans of norwegian ancestry go there on a competition . 
  the winner gets to see his ancestral town , meet people who are related to him etc. 
  multiple times . 
   wait , i thought japanese society is ridden with horrible issues , and it affects the people a lot . 
  it is . 
  it 's a nightmare to work there , same with korea . 
  farris is love , farris is life . 
   https://youtu.be/r0dgijyigqu?t=38s not talking about that accent . 
  it sounds very similar to the pidgin english they have in jamaica . 
  i 'm talking about the whole `` who iz you ? '', 
  or `` we guu ' cuz ? '', 
  i do n't know if there are any specific immigrant groups that are liked more than others . 
  it 's more about the individual and how well they integrate and assimilate . 
  does n't matter what group you 're from , people will treat you nicely if you behave properly . 
  if i had to guess , swedes are the most liked and roma people the most disliked . 
  i ca n't say for sure what groups are the best integrated , but i imagine it 's the swedes . 
  the worst integrated are the somalians imo . 
  depends . 
  take what i 'm about to say with a pinch of salt . 
  if your friend is a nurse then she should be able to go work in norway . 
  there are a large amount of filipino nurses going to work there . 
  the anti-immigration people are mostly against middle-eastern , african and south-asian immigrants . 
  i have n't heard or seen them target east asians or south-east asians . 
  then again , i have n't been in norway for a while now so maybe they 've changed their stance , but i highly doubt she 'll experience a lot of everyday discrimination . 
  depending on the demand for her degree , she can face discrimination when applying for a job . 
  if you have a foreign name on your cv , you 're 15-30 % less likely to be called in for an interview . 
  i know three people back home with very wealthy parents , not sure if that counts . 
  i only know the net worth of one friend 's parent because he 's one of the wealthiest people in norway . 
  his father is worth around 1.68 billion usd according to google . 
  most people use cards in norway . 
  i personally like to use cash . 
  there are many american accents , which one are you talking about ? 
  * the southern one sounds more relaxed and lazy * the `` ghetto '' one i struggle understanding sometimes and sounds like a dumbed down version of english . 
  * the standard accent , i think it 's called the midwest one , sounds rough and somewhat ` heavy ' . 
  i 'm sure there are other accents , but i do n't remember them right now . 
  i 'm personally not a big fan of the american accents . 
  i might be biased here , but i prefer the received pronunciation accent . 
  popcorn crunches are n't too loud imo . 
  but snacks like crisps are loud af . 
  i agree with the labour party the most ( arbeiderpartiet ) and i disagree with the progress party ( fremskrittspartiet ) the most . 
  mackerel in tomato sauce sandwiches . 
  but to be honest it 's my favorite ` snack ' all around . 
  if there are subtitles , i eat any snack . 
  if there are no subtitles , i prefer snacks that are n't crunchy . 
  i want to have five or six . 
  realistically i imagine i 'll have three or four . 
   unless they have brown eyes which pretty much never happens naturally . 
  it worked the other way around for me . 
  i have black hair and blue eyes . 
  it gets me a decent amount of attention . 
  i have never seen a blonde with brown eyes though . 
  i imagine it 's like finding a unicorn . 
   yeah , not so much a criticism ( we all see something different to what we actually wrote occasionally ) i do that all the time unfortunately . 
  writing out my thoughts , then rereading it and realizing it does n't say what i was thinking at all . 
   and more a heads up as to why you were getting a chain of people disagreeing  yeah it made sense with your explanation , so cheers for that !, 
  well english is my 4th language , so you 're probably right and i was kinda tired when writing my comment . 
  thank you for the correction though , i 'll pay more attention to what i write to avoid confusion in the future . 
   my partner wanted to live in europe for a while . 
  that 's fair . 
  where are you from btw ? 
   i love jeju but i would not want to live there ( it would be like living in a tourist resort ) but eh anyway korea 's awesome . 
  i would n't want to live long term in korea at all if i am being honest . 
  hearing about the working culture and job market scares me . 
  it 's an amazing place to live for a young person , but i 'd want to stay here for 2-3 years tops . 
  i do n't want to settle down here . 
  the nightlife is amazing , it 's cheap and a lot of places are open all night . 
  i visit palaces , memorials , museums , shopping districts , markets , find new and unique restaurants , different types of cafes . 
  i recently visited a raccoon cafe , it was amazing . 
  sometimes i visit pc bangs with my friends , we attend various festivals , and visit amusement parks . 
  lotte world is my favorite . 
  escape rooms are also quite fun to do . 
  we also go to the han river from time to time . 
  just sitting there talking , eating , and drinking . 
  a lot of times we go to the karaoke together . 
  i can buy alcohol at any hour , it 's easily accessible and cheap . 
  some stores and restaurants are open 24/7 , so i can go out for food late at night . 
  if we 're partying , we can go buy cheap alcohol late at night . 
  i also really like to just take the tube to random places and explore different parts of the city . 
  i enter a random tube , go off at a random station and start exploring it . 
  visiting bathhouses is another thing , although it 's for a limited time , but they have a large fashion week here which i loved . 
  eating meals is also very different in korea compared to norway . 
  i like the korean ` way ' better myself , but which one you prefer varies depending on the person . 
  and visiting a pojangmacha ( food tents ) after drinking and partying all night is one of my favorite things to do . 
  you can do some of these things in norway as well , but it is n't as good or accessible and it costs more . 
   i lived there with a partner . 
  you said you had a business there ? 
  what happened , why 'd you move away ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking . 
   my fav city btw is busan . 
  i absolutely recommend everyone to give it a try and live there for a while if they have a chance to stay in korea .
