  please no :( i hate sharks , they 're one of the reasons i 'm afraid of the ocean . 
  they are great , i feel like the norwegian government does a lot to help combat mental issues . 
  i spent time in the highest security section and the more lax sections . 
  it was nice , the staff members were kind and i felt like they really wanted to help us . 
  the lack of freedom really messed with me though , i felt like a prisoner which made things worse . 
  but we have drills in case we encounter grizzly bears , since we do n't have weapons to fend for ourselves should we encounter one . 
  i have met many . 
  my experience have been good , and i befriended some of them in the past . 
  there were some bad incidents , but they were n't very serious . 
  my dad and i used to cook food for a refugee shelter , and someone stole some of our oven mitts when we delivered the food . 
  there will always be some bad apples unfortunately , but most of them just want a better life for themselves and their children . 
  i remember last year , one of the refugee families got their asylum approved . 
  seeing them cry tears of happiness really warmed my heart . 
  it made me think about my mom and dad . 
  i used to shop at [ meny ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meny ), 
  if we both speak a language we can communicate in , i do n't see why her english proficiency matters . 
   even if they speak your native tongue , someone who does n't speak english may be perceived as extremely uneducated and seen as a major turnoff . 
  why is english proficiency a measurement of intellect ? 
  i have a friend who is fluent in three languages and conversational in two , but she does n't speak any english at all . 
  would you say she 's less intelligent than someone who only speaks english ? 
   however , this stigma is stronger in some european countries than in others . 
  i have never heard of someone 's lack of english proficiency being a deal breaker . 
  where in norway are you from ? 
  i never heard anyone use `` til valhall '' where i lived . 
  i think there is a city in the us called oslo . 
  i do n't know what the story behind it is . 
  my parent 's house is similar to the second one . 
  yes . 
  i played football up until 5th grade , but i did n't like it so i started playing volleyball instead . 
  goodbye lenin has to be my favorite german movie . 
  we saw it in school and i just fell in love with it . 
  yeah i can imagine . 
  i picked it up while studying at cambridge , it 's the accent that feels the most comfortable for me now . 
  everyone i have met thinks i am a brit , with the exception of some native speakers . 
  well the question was what * other * countries find weird not what * every other * country finds weird . 
  the minnesota accent is the one where they have a longer/different ` o ' pronunciation right ? 
  i am very biased , but i personally prefer the received pronunciation accent , because it 's the one i have picked up . 
  well i think it sounds better on women than men . 
  i 'd probably put it in the same place as the midwest accent . 
  got an example ? 
  i ca n't remember it . 
  * southern accent - sounds very goofy to me . 
  * ghetto accent - sounds abysmal and dumb . 
  * midwest accent - it sounds ok . 
  it 's kind of dull , boring , and monotone imo , but it 's the easiest one to understand and it 's probably the most known accent in the world . 
  * boston accent - some words/sentences are impossible to understand . 
  * new york accent - i think it sounds decent . 
  my biggest issue was the attitude of people here , not so much their accent . 
  my favorite accent was the latino one for women and the accent harvey specter , from suits , has for men . 
  the ones i can think of right now : * one night stands . 
  * government controlled liquoer stores , and you ca n't purchase beer after 20:00 . 
  * not talking to strangers * vorspiel and nachspiel . 
  * avoiding confrontations, 
  forgetting your kvikk lunsj when you go skiing . 
   you 're saying this as if soviet system did n't do every one of those things . 
  i am saying that people have said that the nazis were worse than the soviets , on top of doing all those things . 
   spain was unified around that time under fascism which is no longer in place , but the unity it caused has lasted . 
  there are a lot of independence movements going on in spain right now . 
  catalonia being the largest one i believe . 
  they 're quite similar and compared to other cultures they 're both really boring . 
  i 'm talking about the culture , not the country/tourist attractions/night-life etc. 
   a conservative chinese historian told me that europeans might eventually regret that germany did n't succeed in conquering them . 
  `` summoning the god of unity always requires a blood sacrifice . '', 
  i 'd flip the table and say that chinese/asians might eventually regret that japan did n't succeed in conquering them . 
  if ( s ) he thinks that nazi germany conquering europe might 've been a good thing , i 'd ask him/her why so many chinese were against the japanese occupation . 
   what are your thoughts on that ? 
  people say that the nazis were worse than the soviets . 
  the nazis also burnt books , changed history , wanted to wipe out ethnic groups and cultures , taught propaganda at school , controlled the media and people did n't have freedom of speech . 
  i do n't know about you , but that does n't seem like a regime i want to live under . 
  and as history has shown us time after time , unity does n't work if the people do n't want it . 
  and if the people you 're unifying do n't have a lot of similarities , and do n't want unity , it will cause a lot of fighting and hostility within the country . 
  yes . 
  the trip was good . 
  i do n't think i 'd go back there on a vacation though . 
  i 'd prefer to use that money travelling somewhere more exciting . 
  do n't get me wrong , i had a lot of fun in canada , but there was n't anything special about the trip . 
   no , nor would i. 
  it 's such a boring country that they literally think tim hortons is part of their national culture . 
  i agree . 
  the culture in canada and the us is quite boring imo . 
  they 're both cool countries to visit though . 
  we did n't have it in vgs or ungdomsskolen :(, 
  damn you had chinese in school ? 
  we only had the option between french , german and spanish . 
  i heard some schools had mandarin as an option , but we were n't one of them unfortunately . 
  disney songs i think sound better in norwegian : [ the emperor 's new school intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_desiadxki ) [ kim possible intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqfmzprw3fy ) [ brandy & mr. whiskers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe0hmelu2i4 ) not exactly my language , but i think the ` part of your world ' song from the little mermaid sounds better in [ danish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fki8dkipu8c ), 
  the genocide happened from 1986-1989 i think . 
  we fled to norway in 1991 . 
  my family fled from saddam 's regime when i was a few months old . 
  so i guess my parents , saddam and a genocide influenced me to move there . 
  nah , i 'm just curious why it was surprising . 
  i always thought we have really good bread in norway . 
  why was it surprising that we have the best bread in the world ? 
  north america : canada central america : guatemala south america : argentina europe : norway africa : egypt asia : south-korea/japan oceania : new zealand . 
  i 'm living in seoul right now . 
  the things i miss the most are fanta exotic , clean air , kvikk lunsj , bread , certain cultural aspects and cold weather . 
  the best in the world . 
  why does that map include japan ? 
  fanta exotic is my favorite soda . 
  i had some japanese tourists take pictures of me when i wore my bunad .
