  i met a lot of americans with norwegian ancestry in minnesota , and the majority of them got very excited when they found out i 'm from norway . 
  they asked me to teach them words/sentences in norwegian , they asked questions about life in norway and about our culture/traditions . 
  a few were interested in norse mythology and asked me how we pronounce various norse words/names in norwegian . 
  my overall experience with them was amazing , they were so sweet and kind . 
  telling me stories about how their families ended up in the us and settled down there . 
  just seeing their excitement when they told me those stories and that i was from norway . 
  it was genuine , and it was one of the highlights from my trip to the us . 
   shakira law will rule undivided . 
  damn not shakira law , hips be upon her , if they catch our hips lying they 'll behead us :(, 
  i think they 're extremely annoying . 
  the news sources that conform to these movements have a much larger effect than i 'd like , but luckily most people ignore them . 
  i was an persian immigrant to norway , so reading about how bad i am , that i am destroying norway/europe and its culture , or that i am a rapist is annoying af . 
  you ca n't talk/joke about anything without someone turning it into a political discussion . 
  what pissed me off the most was when i visited the us . 
  i met some americans with norwegian ancestry and they said that i 'm not norwegian , but that they are because of their ancestry . 
  they have never set foot in norway , they do n't speak the language , they do n't know the culture , they do n't share our values , they 're not aware of our issues or political climate , they are n't norwegian citizens and they will never contribute to our society . 
  yet they still say that i 'm not norwegian , but that they are . 
  i am usually very good at ignoring people and their comments , but there 's just something about them claiming that i 'm not norwegian that makes me furious . 
   as for refugees ? 
  at this point it 's a non-issue . 
  i do n't think people realize that europe has survived things waaaay worse than the current refugee crisis . 
  it 's funny listening to my friends back home complaining about the heat wave when i 'm dying from it here in seoul . 
  30 degrees celsius and 80 % humidity ... 
  thank god for a/c and dehumidifiers . 
   even with open borders , you already demand that other eu citizens work before drawing benefits . 
  what ? 
  i know norwegians and eu immigrants who have never worked in their life and they still get benefits . 
   here in the us all the iranian americans i know and have met are non-religious , and they had integrated and assimilated well . 
  iranians are one of the most successful immigrant groups in the us . 
  is it the same in europe , or is it completely different ? 
  how are iranians perceived in europe ? 
  despite being a successful immigrant group , they 're viewed negatively in the us . 
  mainly because people associate them with muslims . 
  we are lumped together in the same group as muslims though . 
  i was bullied because of my ancestry as a kid , but i think that was more about me being different though . 
  my family had a fair amount of racist encounters growing up , but that changed after we moved . 
  surprisingly enough , most of the racists we had run ins with were other immigrants , mostly polaks . 
  besides the experiences and the bullying , people have been neutral towards me , they treat me fair . 
  the racist people i encounter every now and then also treat me nice after they get to know me a little . 
  it 's more difficult to find a job if you have a foreign name , but that affects all immigrants . 
   a little off topic , but i had a conversation with a girl on campus and she said that mena immigrants in europe are usually viewed more negatively , than they are in the us . 
  she said it 's because the us has a tougher and stricter vetting process , so we get most of the educated ones and europe gets the rest . 
  do you think this is true ? 
  i think it is true . 
  it 's a lot easier to get into europe , which makes the vetting more difficult than it is in the us . 
  i think it 's somewhat similar in the us with latino immigrants . 
  it 's easier for them to get into the country than other immigrants , so they 're not as educated and successful as other immigrant groups . 
  french and spanish . 
  i speak arabic , turkish , farsi and kurdish fluently . 
  i am conversational in korean . 
   so , if you have , did you only start and then gave up quickly or has it become a serious hobby ? 
  why have you chosen this language anyway ? 
  do you find the learning process hard ? 
  the first four i learnt because i have family members that speak them and my parents taught me . 
  i am learning korean because i 'm doing an exchange year in korea . 
  i did n't go to bars very often in norway , but at parties , cider was considered a girl drink . 
  same with those flavoured smirnoff drinks.most people did n't care , at worst they 'd take the piss and that 's it . 
  i hate beer so i drink cider and liquor instead . 
   could you explain to me why is it getting harder to integrate these days ? 
  various reasons . 
  biggest one is probably increased prejudice and hostility from multiple sides . 
  i have personally met other immigrants who mock me and tell me to `` stop acting like a norwegian '' . 
  then from the ethnic groups there is a ton of suspicion and judgement before they get to know me . 
  they make a lot of assumptions . 
  i ca n't speak for all immigrant groups , but as someone from mena , the difference between when i was young and today is significant . 
  some immigrants i know tried everything they could to integrate into norwegian society , but the community did n't accept them so they turned to a `` ghetto '' instead , where they were accepted . 
  i think this is the most important part of integration . 
  immigrant can integrate as much as they 'd like , but if the mainstream society does n't accept them , then it does n't matter what they do . 
  it 's also harder to find a job if you are an immigrant . 
  i 'm an immigrant to norway , so my perspective might be different from a ethnic norwegian . 
   language like others have said , this is probably the most important part . 
  communication is key , and if you ca n't communicate with people around you , how can you integrate ? 
   employment as long as you do n't dedicate your life to living off of welfare , i do n't think most people care . 
  most people never talked too much about employment where i used to live . 
   values i think your values matters to a certain degree . 
  it 's ok to have different values , but you should n't impose them on others . 
  it annoys me so much whenever i see someone making others uncomfortable about something . 
  i have seen people say `` merry christmas '' to other immigrants at school , and they would reply `` i do n't celebrate christmas '' in a slightly aggressive/annoyed tone because they want to be edgy . 
  this only happened once , but there was this muslim girl in high school made a scene about there being pork at a lunch we were at . 
  i grew up a muslim myself , and it was never an issue for me . 
  i just did n't eat any pork . 
  i put in a lot of effort to make it clear that it was n't a problem , because people were nice and tried to make sure it was n't an issue . 
  i did n't like the attention it garnered . 
   religion most people do n't care about your religion as long as you are n't a dick . 
  in recent years there have been a lot more discrimination and prejudice towards muslims , but hopefully it 's only a phase that wont last too long . 
   spending past time some people think that this is very important . 
  i personally do n't think it 's important at all . 
  although learning to ski is quite important . 
   knowing your country 's popular culture like movies or music not very important . 
  the entertainment industry is n't very big here . 
  watching norwegian tv programs is a nice way to have topics you can talk about with others though . 
  for youngsters most people listen/watch entertainment from the us . 
   do you have any stories about foreigners who integrated successfully ? 
  i like to think that i successfully integrated . 
  i have met others who successfully integrated . 
  but based on my experiences and that of others , it is getting incredibly hard to integrate successfully these days . 
   how about those who did not ? 
  they usually end up doing unskilled labour and stay within their own enclaves . 
  some of them end up as criminals . 
   great whites on the other hand i 've heard are n't comfortable in such cold sea but they are apparantly coming closer and closer thanks to climate change .
