how many from countries with much worse standards of living ? 
  i 'd say the bulk of that number . 
  likewise , people from the uk who emigrate do n't tend to move out to these countries . 
  they tend to go to other anglophone countries like australia . 
  cheerio . 
  i will . 
  if britain were to leave the eu , i and many other people my age ( 25-35 range ) will fuck right off and let the place rot . 
  thats what i get for not looking at the flag . 
  i knew the matrix was a lie . 
  we wo n't be batteries , we 'll be sex slaves for walking talking bits of metal . 
  thats got ta hurt . 
  theres always a corner shop somewhere selling cheap imported tobacco that is snuck through customs and no tax paid . 
  i quit a while ago but i was buying 50g of golden virginia for # 9 , 20 mayfair or jps for # 3.50 , etc. 
  could be buying fake or illegal ( non taxed ... ) cigarettes . 
  its very common where i live . 
  practically every corner shop has a little box of 50g packs of tobacco that would be 1/4 of the price of legally bought ones ( which they sell to people who they do n't know or do n't ask for `` cheap fegs '' ) . 
  they 're usually imported en-mass from spain and not declared . 
  i have n't went on either of those sites in years !, 
  [ would somebody * please * think of the flemish ? 
  ] ( https://theboeskool.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/helen-lovejoy-gif.png ), 
  yeah but , the dutch have that shit down perfectly . 
  bike lanes which act like actual traffic . 
  it was kind of surreal my first time in amsterdam ( the city centre at least ) having to be wary of the bike lanes so i could walk on what is supposed to be road . 
  i felt oddly safe cycling around berlin ( mainly east berlin , tourist trails i guess ) , that was about 10 years ago now . 
  ** you wo n't believe what reddit stole **, 
  same issue in belfast , only the bike lanes are even narrower . 
  you ca n't have bike lanes in australia , too many insects the size of house cats ready to slice your tyres apart and feed them to their young . 
  they still look a whole lot better than the bike lanes in my city ( belfast ) . 
  outside of the city centre you may as well not bother , cars park all over them , drive in them , drive too close to them , buses ca n't actually help it because a lot of the major roads are quite narrow . 
  balls to cycling on the road unless you 're cutting through a housing estate or something where the traffic is quiet . 
  technically its illegal to cycle on the footpath but the cops do n't enforce , they know that its just fucking dangerous to cycle on our roads ( although if you hurt someone doing it , you 're probably in trouble ) . 
  oh sweet fuck , my knees . . they ca n't take the sheer awesomeness . 
  i think i have to sit down . 
   i think you might be replying to the wrong person . 
  actually yeah , my bad there . 
  point still stands though , theres nothing odd about splitting the uk into smaller entities . 
  thats essentially what the uk . 
  hbo and the tourism folks in northern ireland have gone out of their way to make this all about ni , they 're not using the term `` uk '' no more than they have to . 
  its a big thing for us . 
  none of my nerves have been hit my friend , i 'm replying to you , the person who started crying about it . 
  theres nothing unusual about it . 
  and you 're crying about an infograpic made by some fella in morocco that does n't mention `` the uk '' and instead has a map of scotland and northern ireland . 
  wise up . 
  fuck me you 're a serious one . 
  should probably inform uefa of that too . 
  they already do , 
  being from the north i ca n't vote in it . 
  if i could , i would vote yes . 
  i seriously hope it will pass . 
  i think it will pass . 
  i 'm already sold . 
  welcome turkey , our new masters . 
  try total war medieval 2 and watch the timurids stomp berlin ( and you ... and everyone and thing else ... ) with war elephants that have cannons strapped to them . 
  dunno how many countries have them , but britain 's are n't part of the uk ( even the isle of man and channel islands ) , so are n't in the eu . 
  france 's overseas territories are part of france itself , or something like that . 
  its a penis . 
  and balls . 
  none of that is half as bad as captain planets take on the northern ireland conflict . 
  nuclear bombs . 
  * tells yugoslavia to fuck off * * shoots down helicopter * * is 20 something years too late to be funny *, 
  the best national pride comes through self mocking . 
  til slovenia is basically ireland . 
  too bad about irish women though . 
  seriously , help us slovenia !, 
  bloody taigs !, 
  i want donegal . 
  a vast land of nothing but cows and fences , its perfect . 
  i 'd be happy to take the place off their hands . 
  donegal is class . 
  fascinating . 
  you must not have anything in common with people from donegal either , the only difference between them and someone from derry is who they pay their taxes to . 
  you 're another ignorant dubliner than struggles with anything north of swords . 
  guarantee not many irish people identify with that . 
  the document did n't lead to irelands freedom . 
  only some of ireland and i 'm pretty certain the rising leaders would be appalled at the state of things . 
  its all a bit farcical and jesus-esque . 
   i dont feel any attachment to northern ireland , same way i dont feel an attachment to wales , or belgium !, 
   there are a lot of irish people who feel no attachment to dublin , nevermind trying to compare the north to belgium and wales , that is moronic . 
  maybe you should put that effort into learning about slavery instead of being an apologist . 
  learn to spell son that makes fuck all sense . 
  already have , thats why i think you 're a fucking idiot . 
  i would say yes , its completely right to teach it . 
  certainly better than learning about the tudors . 
  i did n't either . 
  different curriculum in northern ireland but its something i would have liked to learn about in school . 
  no idea what the curriculum is now , this was 15 years ago . 
  we had a few lines about gandhi and british india , that was about it . 
  i learned about the british empire and the slave trade in general later in life . 
  son , you 're a fucking idiot . 
  they still are n't . 
  [ especially if you mention the war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfl6lu3xqw0 ), 
  they 're welcome to do that in my house anyday . 
  invites out to all welsh people , if you can shit coins , pm me . 
  its so efficient it does n't * need * a ball . 
  i was thinking `` i do n't get it ... '' then i remembered what i read about belgium in africa years ago . 
  crazy stuff . 
  it looks specific to african colonisation . 
  apart from south africa i 'm not sure if the dutch had anything specific going on in africa , compared to south east asia and some parts of india and south america . 
  other countries were saying the same thing about irish immigrants for generations . 
  i was the same thing .
