  i live in ireland , so calling the other state `` ireland '' is n't going to happen no matter how many people yap on reddit . 
  how many people in the south say `` the north '' ? 
  the name is northern ireland , yet it is extremely common and normal to use `` the north '' . 
  its even said on rte shows . 
  are n't we always reminded that donegal is actually more northern ? 
  lots of things are pet peeves of irish people , i 'm irish as well . 
  i live on the island of ireland , in the north , so calling the south `` ireland '' is just strange to me and i 'm never going to do it , ireland is an island as far as i 'm concerned . 
  over on / r/ireland people crack up if you call it the republic of ireland as well so i ca n't win , can i ? 
  unfortunately for the south , it 'll ultimately do what its told . 
  i ca n't see this working out very well for enda and the boys . 
  but sure , you get what you vote for , whether its ff or fg . 
  quite literally the same shite and same ideology with a different name and very little difference between them ; one has a smaller old boys club than the other , not that either are insignificant . 
  multinationals are n't going to leave - southern ireland is an english speaking hub for europe , where the uk ca n't hope to step in now that the english and welsh voted to leave . 
  low taxation is a big reason why multinational companies base in dublin , its not the only reason . 
  southern ireland has a highly skilled workforce and probably one of the most skilled it workforces in the world . 
  if you want a * really * cheap workforce there are no shortage of countries to chose from . 
  not many of them have the right infracstructure and skilled population , regardless of tax policies . 
  the opposition about this is n't about apple not paying tax , its about the government agreeing to illegal state aid , which is a view that will be disputed and/or enforced depending on who you are talking to . 
  basically , a lot of countries do n't like the idea of multinationals making sales in their countries and evading taxes through the south . 
  housing crisis in dublin where people ca n't afford to rent nevermind buy . 
  massive heroin problem and drug related gang violence . 
  shocking homelessness problem , all 3 linked together in one way or another nevermind ordinary people still still recovering from the economic collapse and rebuilding their lives . 
  unbelievable emigration problem where the best fuck off never to return as they have done for generation upon generation making us some of the most famous emigrants in the world . 
  but sure , apple needs that $ 13bn before the irish people . 
  you get what you vote for . 
   if they did n't even manage to accept each other you should come to northern ireland . 
  its not normally that humid but in warm weather it can be very humid , especially when people are n't used to it . 
  i love hot weather but i hate humidity . 
  i 've seen one , it was n't pretty . 
  theres a few places in belfast that do something similar and its pretty disgusting . 
  you know somethings wrong when oil drips * through * the pizza box . 
  bet you wo n't find a munchy box in vienna though . 
  sure they do ... id . . 100 years ago . 
  arnold schwarzenegger is an asshole ? 
  i never met the guy so i dunno but he seems ok . 
  i hear people say tae all the time . 
  this picture is showing the irish spelling , but people say tae a lot in english , its just how some people pronounce it . 
  poland , what the fuck man . 
  yep . 
  time to leave the uk . 
   if something bad happened , she should not expect me to help in any way . 
  are n't you charming . 
  y' all realise turkey is trolling join the eu , lol . 
  vote remain to veto turkey out . 
  the reason the uk is having a referendum is to put the issue to rest for the next 30 years , not because we all want radically different things . 
  what do we all want ? 
  good wages , a stable economy , no major wars . 
  even leavers can see some benefits of the freedom of movement bit ( as long as it satisfies their * very * varying criteria ) . 
  what you 're talking about are things that happen after these things are sorted - specific economic arguments on how to run the show . 
  the end result is more important and those arguments will happen with or without the eu as they have done for many years before the eu . 
  the uk is n't having a referendum because people think there will be a united states of europe , they 're having it because david cameron was put under pressure by his own party to have one , and the only way to shut people up is to have it and go with the result . 
  its not because of a potential use . 
  what do i think about a use ? 
  its not going to happen in my life-time , or at least until i 'm very old and ca n't wipe my own hole . 
  i 'm going to be voting remain in the uk referendum . 
  its probably the best guarantee that a use wo n't happen as well , but thats not why i 'm voting remain . 
  probably , but turkey have a good team anyway . 
  til corry evans is from republican west belfast . 
  i know there have been problems lately with turkey and israel but are n't turkey traditionally friendly enough with israel ? 
  whether or not that is under the akp , or even erdogan , i do n't know and would probably explain a lot . 
  a dutch friend said that to me once thinking i would n't know what it means . 
  she knew i knew , when i winked at her . 
  she knew . 
  not going on erasmus is my biggest regret from my university days . 
  if i were to emigrate now i would * need * to work and until my dutch and german improves , i 'm not going to be able to find work , and ca n't emigrate ( not interested to emigrating to another english speaking country other than canada ), 
  oh , you australians . . 
  hey , leave liam gallagher out of this . 
  schengen has plenty of border control . 
  the issue is when you get inside , not outside . 
  besides , not all eu countries are part of it . 
  you need a passport to go between a schengen area ( like germany ) and a non schengen area ( like the uk or ireland ) . 
  i 've no issue with schengen in principle , i 've some issues with the arrangements inside it for non-eu citizens . 
  i suppose you can compare it to getting a visa for the us and being able to drive from new york to seattle unchecked . 
  the difference is the very point of this post though - you probably ca n't control it without a federal government . 
  in an eu super-state , i demand we all speak irish . 
  can guarantee that 99.9998 % of irish would shit themselves . 
  the eu is important to me as a northern irish person , it links me to the rest of my country desipite an international border , so i 'm voting to remain . 
  a single eu state completely contradicts 100 ~ years of nationalist ideology ( and while ` nationalist ' is a bad word elsewhere , it doesnt have the same connotations in ireland as it would elsewhere i.e not hitler-think , if anything its overly left wing ) . 
  the member-state system re-enforces close and irreplaceable links while keeping regions sweet . 
  just think of it as a big lake . 
  sorry i 'm thinking belfast to liverpool . 
  not sure what hole i pulled dublin to holyhead from . 
  yeah i 've heard that finland ( and the scandanavian countries ) are really expensive for alcohol , but i did n't think it would be more than going to estonia and paying for a ferry/petrol !, 
  the ferry must be cheap - the ferries between ireland and britain are expensive as fuck unless you 're a foot passenger . 
  thats really quick !, 
  i assume there are finns working in estonia or something , or people go to and from helsinki and tallinn a lot . 
  the crossing looks about the same as between ireland and wales ( which is a 6-7 hour ferry i think ! ), 
  or is his girfriend estonian ? 
  for good reason . 
  it looks impossible to even pronounce a simple word . 
  easiest way to get out of that mess is to get the fuck out of the uk and have a united ireland . 
  but ... the bus said 350 million to the nhs !!, 
  am confused, 
  i 've worked in a lot of jobs involving the dole and minorities and i 've * never * came across that . 
  its even more annoying when you 're looking at a website on a phone , you click agree or x or whatever , and it reloads the entire fucking page . 
  ah lets be fair . 
  the union jack is a favourite apron for butchers . 
  anybody with a ` stache like that definitely smokes 60 rollies a day . 
  or the shitty imported guinness but either one . 
  shitty way of teaching it and there is no international outlet to speak it nevermind speaking it outside of school ( as someone who was taught 100 % in irish myself ) .
