  showing their ankles . 
  yeah it is that hard unless you work in some it field , which most people do n't , or a university , which most people do n't . 
  the average uk wage is something like # 21k and i 'd say the average ni wage is considerably lower . 
  we 're a low wage economy compared to a lot of other highly developed countries , with the massive problem of anyone with good skills emigrating to make better money . 
  no need , we 're all emigrating to australia anyway . 
   should we strip them of their citizenship because they are poor ? 
  do n't be giving cameron and that baldy coot ian duncan smith any ideas . . 
  as much as i want to do a phd , living on minimum wage in my 30s does n't sound that great anymore . 
  i 'm sure its the same for other people the same age as me . 
  means the phds will go to kids fresh out of university with * no * experience in their field beyond academics . 
  very shit . 
  # 35,000 fucking lol good luck finding that wage in northern ireland , immigrant or not . 
  yep . 
  give it a few hours and it 'll descend into a shitstorm . 
  its not about squeezing titties , its about someone else mugging you while another person grabs a feel to distract you . 
  yep . 
  no tabs . 
  tabs/bills after you 're done and paying up is for restaurants and places with table service * only * . 
  i hated the whole tab thing when i was in america and having to wait around on someone to bring your bill . 
  they take . 
  ages . 
  wise up . 
  very few westerners look at the east with distain . 
  if belgium is simply a failed state i wonder what northern ireland is . 
  not all of them are . 
  a very vocal minority on the ground and in the political elite kicked up a fuss and would be hardcore . 
  you get that in every society . 
  the cultural differences are virtually non existent with nationalists other than the normal regional differences you find in any country . 
  the cultural differences between northern unionists and southern irish is n't that wide either , its just another branch of irishness . 
  all of these different branches of irishness and britishness have influenced each other over generations . 
  you ca n't guarantee that because it never happened , nevermind taking into context why the troubles started in the first place . 
  would the irish government have discriminated en-mass against northern unionists ? 
  we do n't know . 
  what we can guess is that northern unionists would make up a big block of votes to protect themselves/become minor government parties ... something northern nationalists could n't do because of gerrymandered borders . 
   schools take away parental responsibility . 
  solid logic , congratulations . 
  schools being an incredibly important part of a childs development in every aspect of their life , setting up whatever successes they achieve in the future , right ? 
  comparing that to pornhub is moronic . 
   if they do n't have children then there is little need for them to turn on the parental controls . 
  you do understand what `` opt-in '' means , right ? 
  just checking , i 'm not sure you grasp the concept . 
   it 's a yes or no question not an opt-in or opt-out . 
  you do understand that its the same thing , do n't you ? 
   perhaps learn basic reading comprehension before calling someone an idiot , lol . 
  well theres me told off . 
  great comeback son . 
  you 're thick as champ . 
   ah yes , basic logic and common sense only apply to academic papers . 
  thats completely irrelevant and has nothing to do with what i said , hence the term conversation . 
  basic logic and common sense are highly subjective , but hey , if it makes you feel better then sure , you take my post as anecdotal evidence for all it matters . 
  you 're talking pish son . 
   the government is simply providing a tool that a parent can choose to use to help in their parenting . 
  if you think parents should have no control over what their children do then i think you are a moron . 
  what the actual fuck are you talking about ? 
  opt in takes away parental responsibility , nevermind the fact that not everyone signing up to an isp has children . 
  so tell me where an opt-out system gives parents no control ? 
  it could go something along the lines of `` do you want to opt in to porn filters ? '', 
  `` yes or no '' . 
  you can think what you want of me , i 'm not concernd , you 're just coming across as a dozy shite with a stick up their hole . 
   ok , best you get off to bed before mommy catches you again . 
  am i talking to a child ? 
  you 're not a real sour lemonade , you 're just an idiot . 
   whats anecdotal evidence ? 
  are you really trying to yap about anecdotal `` evidence '' to someone having a conversation on the internet ? 
  that would be a valid criticism if i were writing an academic paper . 
  i 'm not . 
   if you are in favour of children being allowed to buy porn mags then your position is consistent , if you do not then your position is incosistent . 
  either way you are wrong . 
  so , what exactly is it i 'm wrong about ? 
  that government should n't be overstepping parental responsibility ? 
  and you 're trying to tell me thats not a nanny ? 
  right . 
   making a tool available is not what a nanny does . 
  how often are tools enforced through opt-in measures ? 
   you sound like a spoilt teenager who is sad his parents blocked his porn . 
  and you sound like a busybody arguing for the sake of arguing . 
  i 'm a bit too old for my parents to be dictating what i watch ( not that they give a shit ) , but whatever makes you puff your chest out son . 
   unfortunately not all parents are programmers capable of creating complex internet filtering programs . 
  also most kids are more tech savvy than their parents !, 
  porn was around when i was a kid too , and my parents are as useless with technology now as they were then . 
  they knew fine rightly when i was and was n't looking at porn . 
  its not the governments place to decide what a child can and can not watch within the law that applies to adults . 
  that is the parents job . 
  if david cameron wants to raise a couple of million kids on his own personal values , he can pay for them too . 
  he clearly thinks parents arent up to the job if he believes he should be making moral decisions on what they should or should not watch . 
  not his place . 
  he is not a nanny . 
  personally , i 'm happy my parents are n't pumping money into tyrants abroad , but thats morals for you . 
  thats certainly his legacy in ni , but it was n't him alone , mo mowlam was very important and john major laid a lot of the ground work , and the irish government as heavily involved too ( could we include bill clinton ? 
  probably ) . 
  the gfa is one of the most important things his government achieved though and he made it an absolute priority when previous prime ministers did n't or made things worse ( health , wilson , callaghan , thatcher ) . 
  if blair did n't invade iraq he would be remembered much more fondly but a lot of people . 
  constitutionally neutral country . 
  i wonder if the beret talks to him , controls him , if its his very being , if he 'll turn into a small imp with a pink beret . 
  it also has a vote if not a veto depending on how things work out , just like any eu country . 
  ye know , just the way the scots are told `` the spanish will veto you '' . 
  these technicalities are all grand , but they do n't make a blind bit of difference what people call the two states . 
  never have , never will . 
  no one i know cares if its officially called `` ireland '' , its an argument that only seems to pop up on reddit . 
  calling the republic `` the south '' is easy and people know what it means .
