skype , ask.fm , unity , softpedia , avg , rovio after doing more research . 
  wow , thanks . 
  i think i 've used about 6 or 7 of them without even knowing . 
  cool . 
  makes sense . 
  i 've been to about half the us states and i could n't really tell you the difference between the people between most of them . 
  almost nobody identifies to their state ( even texans ) . 
  so maybe europe will become like the us eventually , but hard to imagine and will take a long time . 
  you would have to agree to speak 1 or 2 languages and centralize most of your governments . 
  it 's was easy for the us because it was centralized upon foundation , and everybody assimilated to our culture when they moved here . 
  another interesting thing is that most people in america will say they are irish-american or italian-american and never have even been there . 
  so european differences and pride shows in the us too !, 
  very weird my country must seem ... 
  yeah . 
  just weird to me how all these countries added are bigger than the us economy and i only know a couple just from seeing their logos . 
  odigeo is the largest european internet company and is 14th worldwide . 
  the us holds 9 and china holds 3 before that . 
  a company that 's only 20 minutes away from me in little new hampshire is larger than most european ecompanies . 
  just very weird to think about ... 
  i do n't know why . 
  had no idea . 
  yeah ifc . 
  so true . 
  lol . 
  yeah . 
  they 've been trying to compete with apple and google and it turned them into a demon . 
  it was happening in a lot of places not just the us . 
  to blame it solely on the us is irresponsible . 
  same as denying the wrongs we committed . 
  sorry nazi germany you ca n't spread the guilt onto us . 
  if you asked any of hitler 's supporters they would n't say that the us was a model . 
  but if this was the case ... the us could easily just say the english was really the model of nazism because they spread it to america so effectively by bringing slaves over in the first place and making it a majority of the south a economy just so king george could have a smoke . 
  so according to this article england must 've started ww2 right ? 
  or maybe it was the saxons , or the roman empire ? 
  this article is bullshit . 
  it 's little compared to california . 
  maybe even silicon valley alone . 
  as an american i 've only heard of avg and skype . 
  and i think skype got bought by microsoft , but i do n't know . 
  careful you 're going to send the only portuguese worker to the burn ward and then what will they do ? 
  i do n't agree with the way he put it , but it is kind of true . 
  you can go anywhere in the world and buy a coke and listen to american music . 
  you 're never not in a civilized place that does n't feature a dozen american inventions . 
  and for better or worse america has effected the geopolitical situation massively . 
  just sucks we have so many asshats like this guy in my country . 
  but then you ask an american the same question and he has the exact complaints about eu made stuff . 
  what about that vw scandal a couple year ago ? 
  it 's just a cultural difference as to what is more preferable . 
  our # 1 export , freedom , does n't fall under the made in category either . 
  yeah ... same thing happens here in the us when our number 1 export , freedom , does n't come with a label on it . 
  right , i would argue the size as well . 
  the usa has 10x more people than canada . 
  things just are n't as efficient in bigger societies i would think . 
  but no facts to back that up , just an assumption . 
  obviously . 
  sexed will influence the birth rate , but also the abortion rate . 
  which is significantly higher in the u.s. . you can not call one country a bunch of uneducated and poor people and then say that it ca n't happen in your country . 
  america is more religious . 
  deal with it . 
  i recall a time when italy and the papacy suppressed all of europe , so do n't try to lecture us about religion . 
  you sound like a fascist or something , and reading your username only supports that belief . 
  yeah , that 's 100 % true . 
  i 'll add more socialist leaning policies are harder to maintain in a large , diverse country such as the usa . 
  especially one that has a phobia of left policies still leftover from the cold war . 
  just because you have the choice to do it , does n't mean it 's smart . 
  it 's just a choice that a lot of our european friends do n't have . 
  if somebody wants to gamble with their life , that 's none of my business . 
  i never said the united states of america is the best . 
  it is n't , and most americans know that we have a lot of work to do . 
  you are the ignorant one because you do n't look at both supporting and conflicting points to your argument . 
  you seem to think the reason why the birthrate is higher in the u.s. is because people are n't educated out of it . 
  and you 're implying that the u.s. is just full of a bunch of fucking idiots . 
  sexed is n't as progressive here , but russia and china have even worse sexed standards , and that 's doing nothing to stop their population decline . 
  to just flat out say that there could n't possibly be anybody in italy that are so uneducated , they do n't know how procreation works , is an incredibly bold statement . 
  this might upset you , but there are stupid people in every country , no matter the ideology , including italy . 
  every country defines education differently . 
  you 're living in a binary world . 
  stop making europeans look bad . 
  regards , u.s.a, 
  just a pediatrician makes 175,000 a year . 
  it 's part of the cost problem , but there 's no doubt that americans have the best doctors from around the world . 
  you have more options in the u.s. , the government does n't have to pay for your healthcare in most cases . 
  if you 're wealthy or have great insurance and want the best care , you can get it . 
  if you want to live on life support for 30 years , and are wealthy enough , you can do it . 
  you sound just as dumb as the uneducated person you 're talking about . 
  just to look at the teen pregnancy and to have it `` prove your point '' is blatant generalization . 
  there 's many reasons why americans have more kids , including religion and culture . 
  some of you guys think america is a third world country , and you 're being just as ignorant as the stereotypical redneck . 
  yeah , that 's the advantage that nobody talks about . 
  if you 're healthy , you have the choice to take the risk and not pay for insurance , and not pay the taxes that europeans do . 
  i think most americans think that the eu has a better standard of living in general because it 's said all the time here . 
  but really , i think it 's mainly just a difference in whether the government should be making the choices or the people when it comes to money . 
  and a lot of it is cultural too . 
  americans want more stuff , they do n't care as much about healthcare , public transit , etc. 
  when you compare healthcare , people almost never take into account the cultural views on healthcare and it 's importance in my opinion . 
  america is more religious than europe generally and might not mind living as long as a european because they believe they 'll go to heaven , just as an example . 
  just a pediatrician makes 175,000 a year . 
  it 's part of the cost problem , but there 's no doubt that americans have the best doctors from around the world . 
  you have more options in the u.s. , the government does n't have to pay for your healthcare in most cases . 
  if you 're wealthy or have great insurance and want the best care , you can get it .
