  now you 're just exaggerating . 
  there have been and is plenty of posts about other topics , indeed the majority of posts is and has been on other topics . 
  and personally , i browse by new and see a wide variety of posts in / r/europe while doing it . 
  i very much disagree with your suggestion to stifle discussion by unwarranted moderator action which deprives / r/europe from having a choise on what is sees as relevant . 
   can we have the ukraine megathread back ? 
  this practically amounts to let 's not have indepth discussions about ukraine . 
  the ukraine megathreads were warranted when things were developing very rapidly , and each and every update was best put into the same megathread . 
  those megathreads were good for posting updates and tidbits of information but certainly not conductive for indepth discussions or analyses . 
   seriously , 10/24 posts on the front page are about ukraine . 
  which reflects how important / r/europe considers the matter and having discussions on it . 
  people make posts , and they get upvoted to the front page because * people consider those posts worthy * . 
  your suggestion deprives / r/europe from that choise . 
  people also have discussions and post a lot of comments in those threads , which should also speak volumes of how relevant people consider them . 
  in effect your suggestion amounts to a giant wholesale downvote button preventing threads that people consider important from rising to the front page . 
  care to point out any flaws in the survey methodology ? 
   to the people who downvote , can you please explain what 's the reason ? 
  i downvoted your post because meta-complaining is very much the least interesting way to conduct discussion . 
  if you have any high-quality posts or comments to offer feel free to and do improve the subreddit with those . 
  if they can be held without interference and further efforts of destabilisation . 
  the positive result of the geneve negotiations was establishing added osce precence but we 'll see if that is enough . 
  yes , majority of ukrainians . 
  the country is more than a region in the east . 
  the article still says three confirmed deaths but the police just confirmed eight deaths and ~ ~ three ~ ~ two skydivers and the pilot surviving : http://yle.fi/uutiset/poliisi_vahvistaa_kahdeksan_kuollutta_jamijarvella/7198916 the plane was carrying a pilot and ten experienced skydivers . 
  according to early provisional assessments and eyewitness statements the plane was flying relatively high , possibly at about 4 km altitude , when apparently a part came off leading to the crash . 
  eight of the skydivers did not make it out of the plane in time . 
  try / r/askeurope and searching relevant couch-surfing sites, 
   once he got that , nato violated that treaty openly not a ` treaty ' but unsc resolution : [ libya : un security council backs no-fly zone and air strikes ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/mar/17/libya-un-security-council-air ) * un votes in favour of ` all necessary measures short of an occupation force ' as tripoli regime warns of counterattack * and air strikes were actually permitted by that resolution : * `` states may use force to protect civilians and civilian populated areas under threat of attack . 
  to exercise this authority , states can act nationally or through regional organizations . 
  you do n't get it if you did n't read the fund for peace report or anything else i said . 
  well , their assessment is barely on the ` warning ' - [ graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jgntott )  2 . 
  i do n't approve of insta-downvotes just because we do n't agree . 
  fyi : i have not downvoted you at all . 
   it 's not just russian efforts to make it appear so , but the fact that ukraine lost a portion of territory that it claimed sovereignty over to russia . 
  okay , got it : get invaded by russia , you 're a failing state . 
   accepting poll results from institutions loyal to a party involved in the dispute is absolutely fucking retarded . 
  what is ` retarded ' here is your insistence to commit to a logical fallacy in an effort to deny the results . 
  you have not demonstrated any flaws in the survey methodology , and you simply choose to deny the results even when they are in line with other surveys and supported by them . 
  just ... wow, 
   today 's ukraine is a failing state , essentially an object of great power diplomacy . 
  no it is n't , not even with russia 's all efforts to make it appear so . 
  and that is what putin tries to sabotage . 
  which is opposed by majority of ukrainians who support eu over putin 's customs union - hence putin 's project of extreme gerrymandering which is opposed even by the eastern ukrainians themselves . 
  they do not support putin 's efforts to rip the country apart nor feel need for putin 's ` protection ' . 
  and despite their grand proclamations the separatists have only minority support in the east . 
   well that explains it . 
  only shows that you personally do n't like the results , and instead of actually demonstrating any flaws in the survey methodology you simply choose to dismiss it by resorting to a fallacy . 
  additionally , survey results are well in line with other surveys and are supported by them . 
   typical poll by the ukrtainian media . 
  it 's not a poll by the ukrainian media . 
  and they would be correct as election fraud favouring putin is routinely done in russia and is quite visible in mathematical analysis - [ graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t93foro.png ) more about the analysis : [ finding the statistical fingerprints of election thieves ] ( http://www.santafe.edu/news/item/pnas-thurner-fingerprints-election-thieves/ ) and the relevant research paper published by pnas : [ statistical detection of systematic election irregularities ] ( http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2012/09/20/1210722109.abstract ) would be interesting to see similar analysis of the so-salled referendum in crimea . 
   north korea stole the train * juche things *, 
  but what it did n't explain is why do they expect the gas that goes in to actually appear in the other end . 
  i mean , put something within reach of best korea aaaand its gone . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfjhjnevone ) incidentally , also ` dancing lasha tumbai ' caused a minor eurovision controversy regarding russia . 
  some wanted to hear the ` lasha tumbai ' as ` russia goodbye ' and claimed it was a political reference to ukraine 's 2004 orange revolution . 
  perhaps if one accounts also other regions and cities in addition to kyiv . 
  and everything was peaceful except for conflicts such as : caucasian war ( 1817 -- 1864 ) greek war of independence ( 1821-1832 ) french invasion of spain ( 1823 ) russo-persian war ( 1826-1828 ) russo-turkish war ( 1828-1829 ) hungarian revolution and war of independence ( 1848-1849 ) first schleswig war ( 1848-1851 ) wars of italian independence ( 1848 -- 1866 ) second schleswig war ( 1864 ) austro-prussian war ( 1866 ) franco-prussian war ( 1870-1871 ) russo -- turkish war ( 1877 -- 1878 ) serbo-bulgarian war ( 1885 ) greco -- turkish war ( 1897 ) etc. 
   i 've elaborated on my opinion as well but you chose to ignore that . 
  you elaborated on the article as much as calling it a propaganda piece . 
  it is a critique of the claims that nato is somehow to blame for what putin chooses to do . 
  some of the points it makes are actually interesting , and while i 'm sure the article represents someone 's opinion , i do not readily understand how disagreeing with such premise makes the article into propaganda . 
  additionally , i tend to upvote articles that are interesting to read and present good points . 
  the posted article fulfills both of my criteria , hence i upvoted it and i certainly do not agree with your proposition to not to upvote it . 
  and if you want to see that article not upvoted by all means feel free to refrain from upvoting . 
  i did not and after reading the article that 's my choise to make , is n't it ? 
   but i was not talking legit . 
  being a parliament member you have some `` powers '' . 
  you can easily `` influence '' the lower level governments ( for example city local gov. 
  ) , act your power upon bureaucrats . 
  over here the officials and bureaucrats are pretty independend from the influence of mps , same with city/communal councils , and being a mere mp does not suddenly bring you much power over those . 
  that is not to say mps are without any influence , but it is actually quite limited . 
  now , being a minister with a ministry to lead - then we 're talking about having influence and actual power within that ministry . 
   and with these kinds of things there is always someone who would like that things would go his way more . 
  now you have a demand , and someone with the supply , offer enough money and here you go . 
  yep , there always is someone or some organisation that would like to see something to happen in their favour , and most often in a democracy there 's multiple interests and multiple people promoting those . 
  promoting transparency in decision making is a good idea as it makes potential wrongdoings easier to see . 
   also land allocation ( want to legitimize your house on the beach , lakeside or national park ? 
  no problem !, 
  as long as you have the money ) is another way of making money . 
  yep , and there has been many questionable cases of such over here . 
  but land allocation is not in mps powers - it is handled by city/communal councils . 
   of course this might not be a thing in finland ( i am not familiar with the situation there ) but it sure is here . 
  finland does well in international comparisons and corruption indexes but is not totally corruption free . 
  it happens , and most often in communal council level . 
  nevertheless , i do not agree with the premise that mps are not decent people and are in it for money . 
  as i see it over here the mps generally are decent people , and even if i disagree with many of their opinions or ideologies i do respect the hard work they put into it . 
   nato membership usually means putting nato nukes and other strategic units there , yes . 
  no , it does n't . 
  you have n't heard of any international treaties regarding nuclear weapons ? 
  depends on the country , i guess . 
   it is either people whom do n't know how to do any other work ( frequent in fsu space ) or want to make some money easily . 
  well , at least over here being an mp involves quite a lot of work . 
  and while the salary is decent there certainly are better ways to make money easily , and i find it very hard to believe that mps would go for it for the money - as that would be pretty stupid . 
  that is not to say all mps over here are smart , hard-working , honest or even sane . 
  but generally i find them to be decent people regardless of their ideology or political stances . 
  yep , and that fact combined with username + posting history i called a novelty account . 
   stop posting propaganda pieces , from either side . 
  or at least stop upvoting this shit people . 
  or howabout if you stopped making demands on a subreddit with almost 50,000 members , and started discussing the article instead . 
  because moving nukes to cuba is exactly the same as sovereign countries joining nato , amirite because nato membersip is the same as nukes , amirite if finland joins nato we are a nucular threat to russia , amirite therefore nukes in cuba , amirite the logic of whattaboutism - got ta love it .
