  it ca n't afford to pay for the energy it needs , even at subsidized prices from russia , it is facing default of billions in debt ( or at least it was until recent payments resulting from deals russia and to a less degree china , for which it had to sell out a lot of sovereignty ) , its economy is not doing well , its leadership on many levels ( not just the top ) is corrupt , kleptocratic and mob-based and it is torn by social conflict between the east and the west . 
  it is n't patronizing or arrogant to say this . 
  no , it is n't arrogant to say that ukraine has economical , political , and societal problems . 
  but then again i never said that it would . 
  however , his description * is * indeed arrogant . 
   \u0ca0_\u0ca0 well , you described ukraine as a little crying child needing russia . 
  if that 's not arrogant i do n't know what is . 
   can i ask you something ? 
  it 's actually * you * doing an ama here , but shoot . 
   are you sure that there has been no provocation from people 's end ? 
  if you 're implying it was actually the protesters who attacked the police 30 november 04:00 am you 're out of your mind . 
  even the ukrainian gov admitted that it was the police that attacked , and the attack and police violence was well documented . 
   why has there been so less coverage about this ? 
  the attack and police violence was widely covered . 
  and i really can not fathom how a russian gov official pretends to be unaware of it . 
  but perhaps it was n't covered in russian media . 
  why ? 
  edit after verified : and thanks for doing this ama . 
  very interesting . 
   and as for association , please read 900-page report and then come back with what was offered to ukraine and what it could really do . 
  as an argument that is poor form and vague . 
  i 'd be much more interested in hearing your points about the association agreement with the facts to support them . 
  you say :  i 'm someone who has very closely introspected into the details of the association agreement so let 's hear that close introspect . 
  in your opinion what are the five best things for ukraine in the aa and why ? 
   does this really need proof ? 
  yes . 
   gandhi and martin luther king did it in a non-violent way . 
  as far as we 're aware , ukrainian police did n't strike you when you were protesting peacefully . 
  well then you guys in the russian gov really have n't followed the events , or perhaps russian media failed to report how the riot police violently attacked peaceful protesters 30 november at 04:00 . 
  berkut special police units using batons , stun grenades and tear gas attacked protesters on maidan nezalezhnosti , and other civilians in the vicinity of the area including journalists . 
  79 people were injured . 
  police claimed the raid happened because of christmas decorations . 
  that violent raid led to huge mass protests . 
   please , protest - but peacefully . 
  that i can agree with . 
  escalation of violence is dangerous development . 
  translated news broadcast how euromaidan protesters stop and disarm paid infiltrators aka `` tituski '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftwaybhqrku lol@the public apology part , almost makes me feel sorry for them . 
  almost . 
   * it is evident that the so-called `` titushki '' are shipped in by the bus-load and there are a few hundred of them in kiev . 
  vitaliy klitschko , who only last night held up and disarmed two `` titushok '' , said their purpose was to smash windows and burn cars so that the government has the official mandate to determine `` extraordinary circumstances '' . 
   lets say gas replaces coal as you claim . 
  what i 'm saying is it has been replacing coal in the us , which is something your chrystal ball claimed would not happen . 
  that has already cut us ghg emissions by 10 % in just two years . 
  whether that trend further continues depends on many factors such as prices , policies and regulations which are beyond my predicting abilities . 
  i 'm also saying that it is certainly possible to start replacing coal with natural gas in the eu with the benefit of cutting ghg emissions in the process . 
  and if we actually want to reduce our ghg emissions quickly it would make sense as one measure among others . 
  the actual probability and extent of such replacement depends a lot on prices , policies and regulations and i do n't have a chrystal ball for those . 
   eventually the gas runs out and the powerstations will be back on coal ( unless nuclear or green energy is cheaper by then ) . 
  eventually we have to move to carbon neutral energy such as nuclear and renewables . 
  but the transition away from fossil fuels will take decades . 
  so , before we 're there it makes sense to use less polluting fossil fuels because they help to cut the ghg emissions relatively quickly and easily during the transition . 
  man , keep safe . 
  and good luck from here north . 
  always entertaining to see reporting by ~ ~ putin ~ ~ russian times . 
  also :  latvia may be europe 's fastest growing economy , it likely is eu 's fastest growing economy , not sure if also europe 's . 
   but it 's also the eu 's youngest , no it is n't . 
   and poorest member . 
  no it is n't . 
  in reality natural gas has already started replacing coal . 
  for example in the us power plants have been moving from coal to gas - a trend which has reduced the ghg emissions . 
  epa [ reports ] ( http://www.epa.gov/ghgreporting/ghgdata/reported/index.html )  total reported emissions decreased by 4.5 % from 2011 to 2012 . 
  this decline was mostly related to a decrease in total reported emissions from power plants . 
  emissions from power plants decreased by 6.3 % from 2011 to 2012 . 
  ** this is due to a switching from coal to natural gas ** for electricity generation and a slight decrease in electricity production . 
   i do n't see why i should n't be allowed to discuss the investments in the years before that never said that . 
  what i 'm saying is that your graph shows only a fraction of all r&d investements . 
  in your graph renewables combined have only about half as much funding than nuclear . 
  that 's only because the graph shows just one part of the public funding . 
  yet when you look at total eu , public and corporate r&d funding you can easily see that renewables such as wind , solar and bioenergy do get a lot more funding than in your graph . 
  in fact renewables combined has at least twice the r&d funding nuclear has . 
   explain why a graph with cumulative spending does not adequately illustrate the research efforts made in the past decades . 
  your linked graph shows only some of the public r&d funding while there are also other sources of funding which are not shown . 
  more reports and breakdowns are available on that very same site ( [ setis - capacity mapping ] ( http://setis.ec.europa.eu/setis-deliverables/capacity-mapping ) ) . 
  see for example [ this breakdown ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jcti3lk ) ( [ capacities map 2013 ] ( http://setis.ec.europa.eu/system/files/capacities-map-2013.pdf ) ), 
   if you are in the belief that cheap , efficient nuclear fission is 15-20 years away this is a valid argument , but debatable on its likelihood since its been 15-20 years away since the 1950s . 
  i think you mean nuclear fusion as we already have reasonably priced electricity efficiently produced from nuclear fission . 
  industrial and commercial production of fusion energy is still decades away . 
  [ efda 's roadmap ] ( http://www.efda.org/wpcms/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/jg12.356-web.pdf ) sets ambitious yet realistic goal of fusion electricity in the grid by 2050 . 
  first milestone in the roadmap is iter conducting relevant research . 
  second step is demo , an industrial scale demonstration power plant producing a few hundred mw in the early 2040s . 
  and after that viable commercial power plants depending on private sector 's willingess to invest . 
  moving away from fossil fuels does not happen overnight but takes decades . 
  during transition it very much makes sense to replace high ghg emission fossil fuels ( coal , oil ) with lower ghg ones ( gas ) because it is an effective way of reducing the ghg emissions relatively quickly and easily . 
  moving from fossils to for example nuclear would be even more effective way to cut ghg emissions , but in reality we have to use a mixture of different available methods . 
  even if natural gas is a fossil fuel and not a permanent long term solution it effectively helps to cut our current ghg emissions and is a good and practical addition to the bag of different measures in reducing them . 
   does someone live there ? 
  greetings from the purple thing . 
  was -34 yesterday but today it was nice : only -20 . 
  a perfect day to go fishing and enjoy those few precious moments of sunshine . 
  [ according to ipcc ] ( http://srren.ipcc-wg3.de/report/ipcc_srren_annex_ii.pdf ) the ghg emissions of natural gas are a lot lower than those of coal or oil . 
  emissions per kwh generated are only about half ( 40-55 % ) compared to coal - [ table ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bbzqya7 ), 
  it 's cold but not unusually cold over here . 
  these cold spells happen pretty much every winter and may last weeks at a time . 
  generally scandinavia gets heat from the gulf stream in the atlantic carried by low pressure systems . 
  but sometimes a high pressure system gets stuck over scandinavia and just sits there even for weeks . 
  you can see the effect on the map . 
  no heat from the atlantic then . 
  instead you get cold air from polar regions or siberia . 
  add inversion near the ground due to low winds in the high pressure system . 
  when the winds stay low the air near surface does n't get mixed with layers above and you get inversion .
