  the article does not say what exactly has been done to girls in scotland . 
  but my guess is that it varies as fgm covers such a wide spectrum of practices . 
   seems like a waste . 
  indeed . 
  luckily the clitoris is a quite large organ and mostly internal . 
  the external visible part is only a tip of the whole clitoris , and can be restored with plastic surgery . 
  see this informative blogpost about the related female anatomy and restoration surgery : [ the internal clitoris ] ( http://blog.museumofsex.com/the-internal-clitoris/ ) it 's amazing to think that only in 1998 did science find the clitoris . 
  have you , or they , accounted for other factors besides exports in germany 's current account surplus ? 
  for example , around a third of the surplus is by returns on assets accumulated abroad . 
   german companies are successful exporters and if the country makes a surplus it 's suddenly subject to an investigation ? 
  germany 's current account surplus consists of many factors of which exports is only one part . 
  there has been a very polarized debate over germany 's surplus , in which the actual structure of the surplus is either forgotten or misrepsented . 
  for some reason people have tended to concentrate only on the exports of goods and germany 's competiteveness and success there . 
  therefore on one side we have those arguing that germany should reduce its surplus through fiscal stimulus to lift southern europe , and other side arguing against such . 
  yet that polarized debate leads nowhere and borders going after red herrings . 
  it has poisoned the discussion to the point that many seem to believe that merely launching an inquiry into the surplus would mean going after the exports and destroying germany 's competitiveness there ( which , btw , would make no sense ) . 
  not so . 
  olli rehn wrote recently an informative blogpost about the surplus : [ turning germany 's surplus into a win-win for the eurozone ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/rehn/turning-germanys-surplus-into-a-win-win-for-the-eurozone/ ), 
  nothing brings people together like mutilating infant penises . 
  links that you might find helpful . 
  europa.eu : [ how the eu works ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/index_en.htm ) educational materials , explanations and stuff for different levels available [ over here ] ( http://europa.eu/kids-corner/index.htm ) . 
   foreskin tissue has been shown ( in some studies ) to be more susceptible to contracting hiv in piv sex there are some studies making an assumption that the langerhans cells in the foreskin may function as a vector for some viruses such as hiv . 
  that assumption has been based on presence of viruses within those cells . 
  a study by szabo and short ( 2000 ) asserted that langerhans cells are therefore receptors of hiv and that the cells `` must be regarded as the most probable sites for viral entry in primary hiv infection in men . '', 
  but there are newer studies indicating quite the opposite : that langering and the langerhans cells in the foreskin actually fight infection , the viruses are brought into the cells for destruction , and that the cells actually form a barrier against viruses : [ langerin is a natural barrier to hiv-1 transmission by langerhans cells . 
  ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17334373 )  it has generally been assumed that lcs mediate the transmission of hiv-1 to t cells through the c-type lectin langerin , similarly to transmission by dc-sign on dendritic cells ( dcs ) . 
  here we show that in stark contrast to dc-sign , langerin prevents hiv-1 transmission by lcs . 
  hiv-1 captured by langerin was internalized into birbeck granules and degraded . 
  langerin inhibited lc infection and this mechanism kept lcs refractory to hiv-1 transmission ; inhibition of langerin allowed lc infection and subsequent hiv-1 transmission . 
  notably , lcs also inhibited t-cell infection by viral clearance through langerin . 
  thus langerin is a natural barrier to hiv-1 infection , and strategies to combat infection must enhance , preserve or , at the very least , not interfere with langerin expression and function . 
  there apparently is much more to it that previously assumed , and as of yet we really do n't know for certain the full role the lcs in the foreskin play . 
   the rational actor perspective is iffy , not everyone has the heart of a commodity trader , and even if the case , no one waits on the price dropping indefinitely . 
  relevant smbc : [ if everyone thought like economists ] ( http://www.reddit.com/ ), 
   one of my previous partners was considering getting an adult circumcision because his foreskin was way too tight and would crack and tear if he had sex or masturbated too often . 
  too tight foreskin ( pathologic phimosis ) can also be treated without any surgery . 
  depending on the severity of the condition stretching the foreskin and topical steroid creams are most often enough to solve the problem . 
  only in the most severe cases is invasive surgery needed such as performing a dorsal slit , ventral slit , preputioplasty , or circumcision . 
   anyone got a copy of proposed legislation or something like that ? 
  it 'd be interesting to have a look at how the issue is framed . 
  i do n't think there is draft legislation as of yet . 
  but in the nordic countries the relevant ombudsmen , medical experts and medical associations are against infant circumcision without medical justification . 
  here 's a related joint statement from last september : [ joint statement from the nordic ombudsmen for children and pediatric experts - let the boys decide on circumcision ] ( http://www.crin.org/docs/english-statement-.pdf )  circumcision , performed without a medical indication , on a person who is incapable of giving consent , violates fundamental medical-ethical principles , not least because the procedure is irreversible , painful and may cause serious complications . 
  there are no health-related reasons for circumcising young boys in the nordic countries . 
  circumstances that may make circumcision advantageous for adult men are of little relevance to young boys in the nordic countries , and on these matters the boys will have the opportunity to decide for themselves when they reach the age and maturity required to give consent . 
   as ombudsmen for children and pediatric experts we are of the opinion that circumcision without medical indication is in conflict with article 12 of the convention on the rights of the child , which addresses the child 's right to express his/her own views in all matters concerning him/her , and article 24 , point 3 , which states that children must be protected against traditional practices that may be prejudicial to their health . 
  in 2013 , the un human rights council also encouraged all countries to ban harmful practices that compromise the integrity and dignity of the child and are prejudicial to the health of boys and girls . 
  the nordic ombudsmen for children in conjunction with pediatric experts therefore wish to work towards a situation where circumcision without medical indication may only be carried out if a boy , who has reached the age and maturity required in order to understand the necessary medical information , chooses to consent to the procedure . 
  ... we request our governments to take necessary measures to ensure that boys are given the opportunity to decide for themselves whether or not they want to be circumcised . 
   i know circumcision has been proven to reduce the rate of hiv transmission quite significantly . 
  the evidence for that has been far from convincing . 
  while it is possible that such an effect may exist the related studies suffer from numerous problems with their methods such as counselling the circumcised group on safe sex practices , or giving them condoms but neglecting the uncircumcised control group . 
  the studies also fail to differentiate between the many effects which are at play as sexuality and sexual habits are a very complex social phenomenom with a lot of cultural and also individual variation ( such as differences between ethnic groups , differences in alcohol usage between groups etc ) . 
  the studies themselves have been made in african countries with severe hiv epidemics , and it 's not clear how they would be relevant to for example nordic countries where hiv rates are very low - despite also circumcision being rare ( interestingly as a western country the us has both highest circumcision rate and also hiv rate , which is odd if it 's supposed to prevent hiv ) . 
  here 's a very good criticism of those african studies : [ sub-saharan african randomised clinical trials into male circumcision and hiv transmission : methodological , ethical and legal concerns ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22320006 ) that 's not the only paper criticizing those studies , their methods and results . 
  this informative blog post has some of them in a easier to read form with links to relevant papers : [ when bad science kills , or how to spread aids ] ( http://blog.practicalethics.ox.ac.uk/2012/05/when-bad-science-kills-or-how-to-spread-aids/ ), 
  similar argument can be and often is made when criminalizing something : ` if it 's criminalized , people will do it anyway , so there ' . 
  yet the purpose of criminalizing something is not to 100 % prevent the activity from happening . 
  the purpose is to give legal basis to prosecute for such activity , and to give legal protection for the victim who will then have the ability to report a crime and/or file charges . 
  for example : criminalizing sexual assault does not prevent such acts from happening . 
  they do happen and often out of sight . 
  but only if the act is defined as a crime can the victim report a crime and the assaulter be arrested , prosecuted and sentenced . 
  preventing crimes is another thing , and is more related to law enforcement . 
  and also law enforcement needs a legal basis for preventing activity - for example a law that defines it as a felony or crime . 
  if something is not a crime then law enforcement has very little basis for preventing it . 
  saying that criminalizing wanton infant circumcision without medical justification does not prevent it from happening is correct . 
  it does not . 
  that 's because it is the nature of laws , laws themselves do not prevent crimes from happening . 
  they define what is a crime and what are the repercussions for committing such acts . 
  when the act of infant circumcision without medical justification is criminalized then the persons commiting such act can be prosecuted . 
  law enforcement and justice system can take action upon it . 
  as a victim of a crime the child or someone on behalf of the child can report a crime and file charges against the suspected perpetrators ( doc , parents ) . 
  that is the point of having such laws . 
  in fact surgical operations done to infants and toddlers need to have and do have valid medical justifications - they 're not merely cosmetic surgeries . 
  or at least that 's how it is here in finland , do n't know about france . 
  for example a cleft lip is not merely estethic deformity , but causes immediate and further health and developmental problems . 
  depending on severity surgery may be medically justified to an infant as a cleft lip for example makes sucking and breastfeeding more difficult . 
  in toddlers and children it may cause problems for development of teeth , eating , speech etc. 
  an unfortunate exception to that principle is wanton infant circumcision which has no valid medical justification but is done for other reasons . 
  another exception is surgeries done to genitalia when gender is unclear , they 're ment to be corrective in nature but in reality often fail because it 's unclear how the infant will develop later . 
  join the army . 
   what we need to see is a plan here 's ec document with information on the eu measures taken so far , on the youth guarantee and its implementation , and on the support to the initiative by the european social fund and the youth employment initiative : [ eu measures to tackle youth unemployment ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-13-968_en.htm )  and numbers . 
  fta : * `` europe has pledged 45 billion euros ( $ 60 billion ) between 2013 and 2015 to fight youth unemployment . 
  i do know that economy is complex , thank you for the tip , and many things might happen depending on the circumstances and policies . 
  however , krugman 's failed prediction does not magically become correct just because economy is a complex thing . 
  what he said obviously did not happen . 
  i simply can not grasp why such simple and true observation has to be repeated ad nauseaum and yet you choose to sidestep it . 
  so i 'll just give up . 
  i can do predictions too , and state a set prophesies about europe 's or hell even the world 's economy . 
  then all i have to do is wait because pretty much every single event will happen sooner or later . 
  but it would be ludicrous for me to claim ` see , i was correct !, 
  ' , and then try and defend my failures by the complexities of economy . 
  it is not economy 's fault that it is complex , and it is my fault and my fault only when my prophesies fail . 
  the loops and lengths people are ready to go and stretch the limits of rational thinking to defend krugman 's failures is simply mindboggling . 
  he is a freaking human , not a god , and as we all know humans are fallible . 
  yet somehow mentioning or recognizing that simple and true fact is all but impossible for some here . 
  my god what has happened to this sub . 
  for example : the nordic welfare model in my country was built with and modeled after the ideas of neoliberalism . 
  we still highly regard those ideas over here , and politicians across the board from left to right support our model . 
  among politicians there is a wide consensus to keep it .
