  that means if there 's a reason to suspect there 's a threat to safety of civil aviation , be it a suspected serious structural problem in an aircraft model or a threat of terrorism , the investigation should publicly communicate that . 
  instead we hear from leaks only . 
  who you think flies russian planes ? 
  ukraine ? 
  your post and your comments are nonsense . 
  sees russian planes flying , blames ukraine for not taking measures . 
  can not explain that . 
   the boy from cardiff he was an adult , not a child . 
  yeah , i agree that a bomb is a likely explanation for the incident but this :  said the egyptian investigation team member , who asked not to be named due to sensitivities this investigation is turning into a farce . 
  a normal investigation would have had numeous pressers already telling us about the findings so far . 
  but in this investigation everything seems to get communicated through anonymous leaks . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  as was the one and only presser last night where the investigation head told us basically nothing but trivialities , said that he `` does n't know '' why no-one else of the investigation team came to the presser , and then answered only two questions before leaving in hurry because `` people are waiting for me '' . 
  here 's the presser : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4co8lhewoc, 
  videos of the aftermath [ nsfl ] : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4qjbdwnk_g https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_irwq3bdhu ( you can hear the jet in the video ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bwrvmxsj2e today russians also launched multiple air-strikes on the deiri linen and textile factory west of aleppo killing at least three civilians and wounding at least 11 : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plruis_1bj17m3om8leg6-wjxmxkt89vax in addition to the dead and wounded civilians also many people lost their livelihood by the destruction of the factory , which was not a military target , and was the only source of income for many . 
  such bombing tactics make life even more difficult for those who have stayed home and creates even more refugees or in worst case even isis members . 
   russia 's air support alone has done far more than assad or america put together yet for some reason there 's very little gains to show for it . 
  meanwhile , with some us air support , the sdf , ypg and ypj are rooting out isis and have gained huge areas from them in just under a week . 
   so if your asking no . 
  yes , the rebels have been gaining big time in northern hama - over 100 sqkm in less than week , and they 're still advancing . 
  assad 's forces simply ran away from the strategically important murek . 
   they do n't have to stay once they accomplish their mission ( assad ) , they just give assad the resources and he will continue the hunt . 
  russia has done that for years already and that did n't get assad anywhere as assad 's military has been performing poorly despite the russian support ( weapons , intelligence etc ) . 
  the air strikes were supposed to help assad 's large scale offensive against forces fighting against him including rebels and isis . 
  and in fact most of the russian air strikes have not been against isis at all . 
  but even with the russian air support assad 's forces have achieved little . 
  yes , improper repairs have been the issue in all those accidents . 
  and there 's no evidence that this particular a321 was improperly repaired . 
  and even if the rpb fails in an a321 it would probably not shed its tail off as there are hatches that release the subsequent pressure in the tail . 
  and afaik the a321 has hatches in the tail behind the rear pressure bulkhead . 
  if the bulkhead breaks those hatches would open and release the sudden overpressure without tearing the tail apart . 
  the theory of a failed tailstrike-repair would need an additional failure in order to explain how those hatches failed to work . 
   all will be made clear from the data from the blackbox . 
  does not look likely . 
  as per the investigation the data from the flight data recorder shows everything proceeding as normal and then the recording ends abruptly , and the same with the cockpit voice recorder . 
  not much clues what happened other that it was a sudden catastrophic event . 
  there were some earlier reports based on rumours that the cvr recording ended with a loud noise , but that rumour was false from the beginning as the cvr data had not been even retrieved yet . 
   if true , that 's actually pretty bad . 
  well , it 's likely not true . 
  there 's nothing suggesting the uk gov had such intelligence prior to the incident . 
  and if they had had then they would likely have suspendend flights to ssh before the incident , not days after it . 
  if what you claim what putin said is true then he would be spinning it hard . 
  but actually that is not true either . 
  putin did not say what you claim him to have said . 
  the uk has shared their intelligence with the us , and parts of it at least with germany and france . 
  but that concerns the intelligence the uk gov had after the incident , and was shared days after it . 
  well there actually could be one more recorder provided it has survived the accident : [ quick access recorder ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quick_access_recorder ) . 
  i 'm not certain if the airliner had it installed and in use but likely so . 
  additionally it is not designed to survive in harsh conditions and may be damaged into useless . 
  according to the investigators the black box flight data recorder did not have much . 
  just normal flight parameters and then the recording ends suddenly . 
  so , hopefully they can find the qar and it has useful flight data after the sudden catastrophic event . 
  return flight arrangements for those now stranded at sharm al-sheikh will not be ordinary either , for example here 's easyjet 's policy as per the uk gov advice : http://www.easyjet.com/en/help/sharm-el-sheikh * no hold luggage permitted , only essential items in one carry-on bag laptop sized or smaller . 
  * no pushchairs , no wheelchairs . 
  replacements provided on arrival at destination . 
  * luggage will be brought back separately by a government agency and delivered within seven days . 
   are n't russian investigators also in egypt ? 
  yes . 
  albeit the head of the investigation committee of russia was not allowed to get to the wreckage for two days . 
  first because of incomplete paperworks and then because of bad weather . 
  so yesterday he flew back to russia without even visiting the wreckage . 
  i do n't know what was up with that . 
  anyway , investigators from five countries are participating as defined by the annex 13 of the convention on international civil aviation . 
  as the press release says : * `` egypt is leading the investigation with accredited representatives from russia ( state of operator ) , ireland ( state of registry ) , france ( state of design ) and germany ( state of manufacturer ) . 
  '' * egypt , as the state of occurence , will lead the investigation . 
  while it is possible to delegate this responsibility ( e.g. 
  ukraine delegated it to netherlands ) egypt has not done so . 
  as the leader egypt will be the only one to release information and updates during the investigation , and no other participator has the right to do that . 
  and , as we have seen , egypt has been very sluggish on that job leaving us dependend on more or less reliable anonymous leaks . 
   they 'll want to know the truth regardless of what egypt says or thinks . 
  i do n't think russia likes the bomb explanation any more that egypt does . 
  in fact both egypt and russia have been very much belittling that possibilty even at high political level . 
  and i think both russia and egypt do hope that such conclusion could be avoided in the investigation . 
  yes , the cockpit voice recorder is damaged . 
  as of yet they have n't been able to get any of its data . 
  that does not necessarily mean all voice recording has been lost , but it will take extra work to retrieve it . 
  [ also , from outside the cvr does not look very badly damaged ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6a66rdl.jpg ) , so it seems probable they are eventually able to get data out of it . 
  egypt 's civil aviation ministry gave a very short press release yesterday :  cairo , november 4th , 2015 . 
  following the tragic event involving metrojet 's airbus a321-200 ( registration ei-etj ) , the investigation team has announced that the data from the flight data recorder ( fdr ) has been extracted and validated . 
  it will now be subject to detailed analysis by the investigators . 
  the cockpit voice recorder ( cvr ) is partially damaged and a lot of work is required in order to extract the data from it . 
  consequently , no further comment on the content of the cvr can be made . 
  examination of parts on site is continuing . 
  egypt is leading the investigation with accredited representatives from russia ( state of operator ) , ireland ( state of registry ) , france ( state of design ) and germany ( state of manufacturer ) . 
  further information will be available in due course . 
  end and that is one of my gripes with egypt leading the investigation : they are very sluggish at communicating information pertinent to the investigation , and what little the egyptian investigators communicate must first go through politicians ( as you can see that press release is from ministry , not from the investigators ) . 
  that sluggishness is the reason we have seen so many more or less reliable anonymous leaks from people close to the investigation , and now also from intelligence in other countries . 
  egypt has a lot to lose with the possibility of a bomb , will belittle and avoid such conclusion like plague , and they have even non-sensically claimed that there is no evidence of the aircraft disintegrating in flight , which went against all evidence everyone had already seen . 
  also , it 's relevant to remember how egypt still insists on their own fantasy version of the egyptair 990 accident because to them the reality of a pilot suicide was too much politically : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egyptair_flight_990, 
   as the plane still transmitted data after the catastrophic event ( whatever it was ) , at least one recorder should 've also worked . 
  not necessarily . 
  the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder ( i.e. 
  `` black boxes '' ) are located in the tail of the aircraft . 
  they stop recording when their cables get cut , for example when the tail separates . 
  the data the aircraft was transmitting is from a different system ( ads , automatic dependent surveillance ) . 
  the system , the transmitter and the antenna are in or near the cockpit , and ads kept on transmitting data for a while even after the catastrophic event had happened at altitude . 
  so , there is no reason to assume that just because some data was transmitted also the black boxes were recording then . 
  they are different systems in different parts of the aircraft . 
  the black boxes were recording only as long as the tail was still attached and their cables were intact . 
  yes .
