   they can even be artillery . 
  it is easy to deliver them from anywhere through the use of planes or subs . 
  you can not deliver them to anywhere from anywhere with those means . 
  delivery limited and also unreliable with those . 
  think about it : president vladimir has a sudden urge to deliver 100 pounds of shit to a spot in europe ( might be a capital , a city , or whatever ) . 
  let 's say warsaw . 
  how would he go about it ? 
   thanks for treating me like an idiot . 
  got a laugh from me . 
  i apologise , never ment that . 
   how is the shield knocking out tactical nukes when they can be launched from anywhere and direct from battlefield ? 
  if you consider targets , such as capitals and large cities in europe , you can not launch nukes to them from anywhere with any means . 
  it takes specific delivery vehicles from specific distances , and locations . 
  think it like this : president vladimir has a sudden urge to deliver 100 pounds of shit to a spot in europe ( might be a capital , a city , or whatever ) . 
  how would he go about it ? 
   i also do n't think that a shield beats a legit nato base . 
  a base should come first . 
  that shows real commitment . 
  i may be wrong , but i do n't think those things are mutually exclusive . 
   but again they can always outnumber . 
  no , certainly not . 
   russia has tons of nukes of every variety . 
  yes , and this is why i think you 're confusing different nukes , delivered with very different vehicles through very different routes ( think orbits ) . 
  you american , so : think orbits . 
  that 's for you . 
  not the same as tactical nukes . 
  that 's us in europe . 
  in other words grab a globe , and a book with basic newtonian physics . 
  you 'll see it . 
   they are also crazy in thinking nukes de escalate . 
  yep , their nuclear doctrine has pretty outlandish ideas regarding their use of nukes . 
  difficult to see that as an argument against missile shieds . 
  not sure , but i think you 're confusing tactical and strategic nukes . 
  very different beasts delivered with very different vehicles through very different routes ( think orbits ) . 
  also , for at least a decade russia 's publicly stated nuclear doctrine * is * to use tactical nukes while believing using them would not escalate into mad-scenario . 
  they have even had military exercises with nuking varzaw and stockholm . 
  yeah , russia actually believes in using nukes tactically ( without mad ) , it is in their nuclear doctrine , they have published it , and they have had military exercises with their tactical nuke scenario against capitals in europe . 
  and then they have the audacity to claim that a missile * defence * shield in europe would be ` aggression ' against them . 
  what 's even worse is that some people actually buy into that bullshit . 
   those missiles would n't stop russia with thousands of nukes . 
  but they would probably help to stop those particular ones aimed at them . 
   the `` sneak into basket '' pattern is now illegal . 
  full stop , end of story . 
  you can not create a situation where additional items and services are added by default . 
   hidden costs are now illegal , whether that 's an undeclared subscription , extra shipping charges , or extra items . 
   forced continuity , when imposed on the user as a form of bait-and-switch , has been banned . 
  wow . 
  so those scams were legal . 
  banning those is one more example of how awful the eu is , amiright farage ? 
   noting that while some states such as poland have been vocal in their support for shale gas , it is unlikely to enable a significant shift away from russian gas ** in the short-term . 
  ** true that , in the short term . 
  in eu states shale gas extracting is currently in exploration/test drill phase and shale gas wo n't have a significant effect on the markets for years ( at least 5-10 ) . 
  but shale gas exploration is moving ahead and there has been investments to it in various eu states . 
  additionally the eu recently decided not to regulate on shale gas extraction leaving it to the member states : [ eu ditches plan to regulate on shale gas ] ( http://euobserver.com/news/122835 ), 
  i do n't see anything dehumanising in calling a spade a spade . 
  but what do suggest terrorists should be called for now on ? 
  what is your personal preferred word for ` terrorism ' and ` terrorist ' ? 
   dehumanising are seriously claiming that the word ` terrorist ' is dehumanising ? 
   i can not believe how much downvotes / u/champ1337 is getting . 
  do you honestly not see anything problematic in his statement :  they are nazi scum , they deserved it . 
  honestly ? 
  you do n't see anything odd at all ? 
  i for one see the amount of his downvotes as an encouraging sign of how we in europe have morally learned since those dark days . 
  you can not believe it . 
   that germany was the one who started the war . 
  germany , and the soviet union started the wwii in europe by invading and occupying poland as per their previous agreement . 
   the irony of r/europe demonizing russia and everything russian . 
  you 're clearly overstating . 
  that 's not irony . 
  what you 're going for in your comment is probably satire . 
   i 'm sure nobody who upvoted this comment refers to the separatists in eastern ukraine as `` terrorists '' . 
  you 're wrong . 
  i upvoted aschebescher 's very insightful comment , and i also refer to the terrorists in the area as terrorists . 
   ya ya , evil russia demanding regular updates as well as air traffic control recordings . . 
  both their demands are pretty silly . 
  providing ` regular updates ' already is the actual code of conduct . 
  no need to ` demand ' what already exists . 
  their ` demand ' sounds like someone protesting too much . 
  and publishing ` air traffic control recordings ' would be in breach of the agreed upon code of conduct and could even compromise the investigation . 
  black box or atc recordings are never published in icao annex 13 investigations . 
  and demanding such is very strange indeed . 
  is it just a propaganda ploy for the ignorant to suck on , or an actual attempt to compromise the investigation ? 
  your question is so loaded i do n't how to properly answer it . 
  for example i do n't think everyone has forgotten it . 
  to the contrary imo , as for example i remember it and there 's also multiple investigations going on . 
  perhaps you 're confused not merely about what is going on with the investigation , but also what investigations there are opened and what is being investigated in them . 
  there is an ongoing investigation by the dutch safety board regarding the accident to flight mh17 ( ` that was no accident ' , you may say ) . 
  according to the dutch investigation board the preliminary report will be published tuesday 9 september 2014 08:00 hours utc : http://www.onderzoeksraad.nl/en/onderzoek/2049/investigation-crash-mh17-17-july-2014 the available data related to the investigation has been given to the parties participating to the investigation - such as the contents of the black boxes , or the atc recordings . 
  the data is confidential and will not be published . 
  nothing exceptional in that as they never are . 
  publishing it would be in breach of the agreed upon code of conduct as defined in [ the icao annex 13 - incident reporting , data systems and information exchange ] ( http://www.icao.int/safety/ism/icao%20annexes/forms/allitems.aspx ) . 
  for example see this : [ mh17 : m\u2019sia received preliminary report on black boxes ] ( http://www.nst.com.my/node/23449 ) they have the data but malaysia is not entitled to publish it . 
  none of the parties is . 
  that would be highly irregular and in breach of the code of conduct . 
  otoh the * results * of the investigation will be published , and the preliminary report is expected early september . 
  it is common for the investigation to take its time until the final report is ready . 
  sometimes that may take even years . 
  the icao recommendation is :  6.6 recommendation . -- the state conducting the investigation should release the final report in the shortest possible time and , if possible , within twelve months of the date of the occurrence . 
  if the report can not be released within twelve months , the state conducting the investigation should release an interim report on each anniversary of the occurrence , detailing the progress of the investigation and any safety issues raised . 
  so , do not expect ( or as russia has done , demand ) for the black box or atc recordings to get published .
