  and the decades after the belle epoque show that nations are perfectly capable of building wealth and welfare for their citizens also without global economic integration or mass immigration . 
   according to putin , russia 's basic approach is that finland is a neutral country and russia keeps its own troops well away from the common border . 
   ...  putin added that in such a situation things would change . 
  he let it be understood that in this case russian troops would no longer stay 1500 kilometres back from the finnish border , as they do now . 
  that 's not true . 
  over the past decade russia has been strenghtening its forces in the regions close to the finnish border , and they 're certainly not 1500 km away . 
  and those troops conducted a big field exercise/war game in march 2014 which was attended personally by putin himself , extended to just kilometers from the finnish border , and was ` not in any way related to tensions in ukraine and crimea ' at the time . 
  as a human which i am i deduce that the most beneficial common language for us humans should be c++ . 
  finland 's current would-have-been-had-finland-chosen-to-become-monarchy king v\u00e4in\u00f6 iv or philipp robin prinz und landgraf von hessen lives in new york as a fashion photographer and [ seems pretty cool guy ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20070108081945/http://www2.hs.fi/extrat/digilehti/kuukausiliite/arkisto/2002/08/ ) . 
  do n't know what he thinks of putin 's visit or if even aware . 
  in finland patrolling police officers wear stab proof vests as standard . 
  they also carry bulletproof vests in their patrol vehicles and don those if needed . 
  the sexual act was removed from the criminal law in 1970 . 
  but of course there 's other laws that may apply i.e. 
  animal cruelty etc. 
   asked if police officers have all the necessary equipment to prevent worst-case scenarios , uro\u0161evi\u010d stated that equipment can do little to prevent devious attacks such as the one that happened today . 
  [ a stab proof vest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stab_vest ) . 
  just sayin . 
   form a federation based on hockey and booze and rock music . 
  hockey and booze is good but i find the lack of metal disturbing in that proposal . 
  i mean , surely you do n't mean we should start suffering say bryan adams . 
  i bet he 's the reason canada fell to second place anyway . 
  nah , just joking - if they actually had taken bryan adams into account canada woud 've been # 42 or smth . 
  as canada needs progress and enlightment i say we form a federation of hockey , booze and metal . 
   there 's nothing incorrect about vice 's statement and the link provided . 
  they both claim that there 's been a rise of 57 % of hate crime reported since the brexit . 
  the police actually says there has been a 57 % increase of reports in one reporting service ( true vision , the police online hate crime reporting site ) . 
  and they emphasize that it should not be read as a 57 % increase in the hate crimes . 
   it 's everywhere in the news read what the police actually reported , compare to what your news claim , and take note on the fundamental differences . 
   why would you be in denial on such a topic ? 
  maybe you 're a bit racist yourself and feal for your bros ? 
  why else . 
  whoa . 
  what an obnoxious and disgusting accusation . 
  the discussion ends here . 
   from the eu 's point of view , scotland is a successor state the eu has a membership agreement with the uk . 
  scotland does not automatically inherit that membership from the uk . 
  scotland needs a new membership agreement with the eu . 
  it will not be similar to what the uk has , and likely would not have all the same opt outs . 
  examples of practical questions that would go unsolved if scotland actually inherited the uk membership : would scotland pay the uk 's membership fee ? 
  would n't that be a bit high ? 
  would scotland inherit the uk 's meps ? 
  would n't 73 meps be too much for scotland ? 
  would scotland inherit the same opt outs ? 
  etc same thing with the un . 
  the uk is a member of the un and the security council . 
  if scotland leaves the uk it does not mean scotland gets to inherit uk 's positions in the un . 
  as the ruk is the successor state of the uk then the un positions go to the ruk . 
   scotland becomes the eu successor state to the uk , in the eu . 
  this makes no sense . 
  what is a `` eu successor state '' ? 
   a successor state being by definition a new state that remains after the larger country has been divided up . 
  therefore making the ruk the successor state of the uk . 
  uk = scotland + wales + ni + england if scotland splits from the uk : ( r ) uk = wales + england + ni independend scotland does not become the uk . 
  clearly the successor state of the uk is the rest of the uk . 
   and try the case about being a successor state if scotland splits from the uk how could it be the successor state ( uk ) ? 
   are you saying that i thought what i 'm saying was pretty clear - that the reporting by vice 's tess owen is incorrect and the article you posted is wrong . 
   the national police chief 's council has reported an increase of 57 percent in racially charged incidents since the referendum results came in last friday . 
  what they actually reported : http://news.npcc.police.uk/releases/hate-crime-is-unacceptable-in-any-circumstances-say-police  there has been an of 57 % increase in reporting to true vision since friday compared to this time last month ( 85 reports between thursday 23 -- sunday 26 june compared with 54 reports the corresponding 4 days four weeks ago . ), 
  these figures only take into account reports through one mechanism , reports are also made directly to forces and other community groups like tell mama and community security so this is not an overall national figure . 
  ** this should not be read as a national increase in hate crime of 57 % but an increase in reporting through one mechanism . 
  here 's an example of a stark generation gap - voter turnout : https://twitter.com/skydata/status/746700869656256512  % who got through our final #euref poll turnout filter by age group : 18-24 : 36 % 25-34 : 58 % 35-44 : 72 % 45-54 : 75 % 55-64 : 81 % 65 + : 83 %, 
  finland is a sparsely populated country indeed . 
  yet both the sparsity of population and the growth of bear population are n't thanks to the eu . 
  finland was sparsely populated long before the eu , and the bear population has been steadily growing long before the eu . 
  the article makes it sound like there was no nature preservation in europe before the eu . 
  that is not true . 
  if the average voter is just plain stupid and without ability to make decisions then why even elect people ? 
  should n't they be just appointed rather than elected ? 
  and to guarantee that they 're smart perhaps we should make it so that they come from a smart family too and form a lineage . 
  then we could give all power to them and be done with the stupidity of average people interfering with smart policies with their silly votes . 
   ok just to let you know , eurosceptics do n't give a damn about this . 
  well , national nature preservation policies did exist long before the eu . 
  while i 'm sure that also the eu has achievements in that area the article makes it sound like nothing good happened before the eu and all preservation efforts are thanks to the eu . 
  not so . 
  i mean stuff like this :  after hitting historic population lows in the mid 20th century , european carnivores began to recover after the formation of the eu . 
  or how i learned to stop worrying and love the brexit . 
   each country gets to have one official language in the eu . 
  well , on paper at least : [ no malti , no speech ] ( http://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20050530/opinion/no-malti-no-speech.88722 ) i wonder what language should the maltese use if english is dropped ? 
  been eagerly waiting to watch his speech before i call it a day and start watching the got season finale . 
  the bear population in finland has been steadily growing since the 1970s , long before we became eu members in 1995 and long before any eu directives regarding large carnivores . 
  how about in germany ? 
  been waiting for his speech , thank you so much for posting this . 
  do we have a video of cameron 's full speech to the parliament ? 
  could we at some point shy away from posting even more videos by entertainers ? 
  i mean , rachel maddow is completely inconsequential to the eu and the crisis we 're currently having , and who gives two shits what she may or may not think . 
   european coexistence with large carnivores represents one of the eu 's biggest conservation success stories . 
  in my country we have coexisted with large carnivores long before the eu , thank you . 
  not to piss on the eu achievements here , but i am of the opinion that i 'd rather have more of that famous subsidiarity principle here instead of brussels making decisions thousands of kilometers away from the people and the nature that are doing that coexisting . 
  i remember how still in the early spring 2015 there were voices suggesting that in order to avoid a full-blown crisis we should tow the migrant boats back thereby sending a clear message to the human smugglers that they 're out of business while avoiding further deaths on the sea . 
  iirc that voice of reason came from the direction of the uk . 
  but no , the bleeding hearts prevailed and we got a full-blown crisis with thousands and thousands dying . 
  yet they hated the moderate democratic parties even more and combined forces against them . 
   `` what is important is to send a clear message that the eu is in control of the situation , '' a senior eu official said . 
  great . 
  that will do it . 
  because sending a clear message has always worked . 
  fended off the financial crisis , and the greece crisis , and the migrant crisis etc. 
  perhaps the senior eu official could be replaced by a far cheaper website : `` regarding the latest crisis we can assure you that the eu is in complete control of the situation . '', 
  `` thanks for the tip . '',
