  should not have ruined the show . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i thought this was the thread where we can complain about the bbc - even with a tongue in cheek , winkwinknudge_nudge . 
  some may say that but does the bbc say that ? 
  * `` certainly not . 
  we would never say that . 
  we 're here to ruin your favourite television programming . 
  is there any program you particularly like ? 
  good , we 'll fire the key people tomorrow . 
  thank you for your co-operation . 
  okay . 
  so you do n't need any further money from the ez taxpayers . 
  good to hear . 
  you know the media almost had me there as if greece was seeking for a third bailout ... lol ... thanks for clarifying . 
  and more importantly they willfully ruined the top gear . 
  well , i for one am all for having sex with my fellow german ~ ~ bros ~ ~ sisters . 
  glad to hear it 's finally about to be legal . 
  just to further probe my prospects here : is there any chance it could be made mandatory in the near future ? 
  she also appeared live on the bloomberg tv today cutting their live reporting on location short . 
  apparently she loves to appear on international media . 
  marshall plan you say ? 
  great plan . 
  let the americans pay !, 
  it 's july and no big reactions are to be expected as everyones on their summer holiday doing their thing instead of observing greece . 
  the prime minister stated the referendum was unfortunate for greece . 
  the financial minister stated already days ago it 's time to go for the plan b. 
  the foreign minister timo soini was adamant in his opposing of a third bailout to greece saying he was ready to accept the extension of the second bailout with the related payment but absolutely not a third new bailout . 
  he called the bailouts a moral hazard and a pyramid scheme that goes on as long there are foolish enough to go for them . 
  generally , the chanses of finland voting for a third bailout are very slim . 
  and that has been obvious for quite some time , so no surprises nor new developments there . 
  basically , accepting a third bailout would mean to get the finnish parliament to vote for it , probably forming a new government , or have new elections where people would vote for it all of which are unlikely . 
  i honestly can not see how finland would be in a * third * bailout for greece . 
  so hopefully the amazing 48 hour deal the greek gov has been claiming has accounted for that . 
  well , that does not salvage his stupid comparison , does it ? 
  and further it is a bit unfortunate to their `` excellent reputation '' - as per the wikipedia quote of all sources you can come up with - that a professor of theirs publicly makes such idiotic statements . 
  and i repeat : ** his comparison was idiotic . 
  ** if you want to salvage that idiotic comparison for him please do proceed : in your opinion it was good because ? 
  `` an extension '' already expired . 
  it will not be over as there is no permanent long term solution available , and even if there was no-one believes greece would actually adhere to it . 
  there are only various temporary solutions available . 
  which is unfortunate . 
  so far the only realistic solution has been kicking the can . 
  and i certainly do understand why the greek people are vehemently opposed to it . 
  yet all the deals i can see in the near future are merely kicking the can further . 
  i know pundits are proposing their ideas but i do not see any permanent solutions available . 
  only temporary ones . 
  and even the idea of greece with drakma would only be temporary in the long run , unless one expects the eu to disperse ( highly unlikely ) . 
  the way i see it we should recognise the lack of imminent permanent solutions , and accept the fact that any solution would be temporary of nature . 
  and , with that here 's my temporary solution : greece should be detatched from the euro to g-euro . 
  for the time being which could amount to several years or a decade or more . 
  hell if i know for how long . 
  g-euro would be a new currency that would have some benefits of euro-membership but would be free floating with only some of the ties to the esm . 
  that would give the benefits of a free floating currency to greece while remaining in the eu and at least to extent in the ez . 
  yet as i said it would be a temporary solution and should include the incentive of returning to euro over time when the free floating g-euro is close to reaching the value of euro . 
  that should happen some time in this scheme . 
  and as i wrote that i see the flaw in my idea because the swedish krone has been actively avoiding meeting the criteria swince day one and there 's nothing to prevent g-euro from doing exactly that . 
  yeah but that 's only because germany is evil . 
  doubly so if albania refuses to pay the loans back . 
  borrowing money to countries is an evil thing to do . 
  and the really really evil thing to do is to expect them servicing the debt never mind a repayment . 
  that 's like hitler qubed level on evil . 
  but i hear the complimentary lecture is not available any more . 
  might be a bummer for the ez finance ministers . 
  the banks can open tomorrow morning if the ela gives the word now ( and europe 's finance ministers agree to lift capital controls ) . 
  europe 's finance ministers do not have authority to lift the capital controls the greek authorities have imposed . 
  yeah , it sounds really good . 
  they even had a referendum about this and their plan won by a landslide . 
  must be a really good plan then . 
  so i think everybody should just calm down and wait until they actually tell what the plan is . 
  because democracy has spoken . 
  no idea . 
  but the guys running greece did say it would be easy peasy with a deal coming right away and banks open real soon now . 
  so obviously they have an the idea all along . 
  they just have n't told it yet . 
  but we know it is good idea because they said so . 
   you could say the problem is that the left has n't yet redrawn the battle-lines in such a way that most people are behind their side . 
  i 'll try and draw three battle lines . 
  in a sense they have tried to re-establish the battle lines by trying to claim a monopoly on progressive policies against the awful conservatives . 
  i 'm sure most people would agree that for example egalitarianism is an important principle to uphold in a democracy . 
  yet as the right-wing parties seem to large extent agree on such it really has n't become the battle ground within the mainstream electorate ( varies by country and issue , of course ) . 
  and additionally , attempts of turning egalitarianism to identity politics has started to backfire . 
  people simply hate that . 
  there are also other possible battle-lines such as the left 's opposition to privatisations . 
  i hear a lot of scary stories about privatisations over here in / r/europe and people opposing it for a principle , but in reality the success or failure is in the way * how you do it * , and it 's not that much of a question whether to do it or not but * how * . 
  over here it was the left that led the bulk privatisations during the '90s and that has been mostly successful . 
  people do n't need to cover the losses of state companies with either paying higher prices or by taxes - which at the end of the day * is * liberty , which should resonate with the left too . 
   people do not see capitalism as the enemy any more , because they see themselves , perhaps , as capitalists . 
  many people understand the concept of having their pensions/social security funds invested so that those investments could provide profit to be used to pay for them . 
  yet it seems some do not grasp the importance of having banks doing all that . 
  and that right there is a battle line for the left . 
  the evil banks ruining us all . 
  which of course is only rethorics but seems to resonate at least with pundits and many redditors in / r/europe . 
  of course , the reality is that having banks is a necessity , and ruining them will lead to everyone losing more . 
  ( and after saying that the next thing to appear is probably a random redditor retelling the myth of iceland ... ), 
  in those days overwhelmingly the most of the american visitors were elderly retired people ( most often on their way to visit the soviet union and back ) with some random businessmen . 
  i do n't remember who gave that pad of bills but it was something to behold . 
  and because the glue was red all bills stripped off of it had a tiny red stripe at the end . 
  perhaps the customer had made it himself ? 
  not the bills but the pad . 
  such thing could have been handy while visiting the soviet union and after coming back you wo n't need it .
