  they have said they will provide help for the investigation if necessary . 
  and nowadays they make airbuses in the us too ( albeit not this one ) : http://www.airbus.com/company/americas/us/alabama/  this game-changing facility commenced aircraft assembly in july 2015 , with first deliveries scheduled to begin in 2016 . 
  the airbus u.s. manufacturing facility is expected to produce between 40 and 50 aircraft per year by 2018 -- building the a319 , a320 and a321 versions from airbus ' best-selling single-aisle family of jetliners . 
   why does the us research this , of course the us intelligence gathers data and makes analyses on things such as threat of terrorism and terrorist acts or potential ones . 
  that 's part of their job . 
  and i 'd bet the intelligence people from many other countries have looked into this incident too . 
   is n't it up to russia or egypt ? 
  the accident investigation is a whole separate matter . 
  that investigation is performed by the relevant authorities from the participating countries . 
  the practices and the participators of the accident investigation are defined by the annex 13 of the convention on international civil aviation : 1 . state of occurrence - egypt they will also lead the investigation and will be the ones to release information and updates during the investigation ( and , as we have seen , they have been a bit slow on that leaving us dependend on more or less reliable anonymous leaks ) . 
  2 . state of the operator - russia 3 . state of design and state of manufacture - france and germany ( and the us too , but they are not participating afaik ) 4 . state of registry - ireland 5 . additionally any state whose citizens were passengers can participate as an observer ( belorus and ukraine ), 
  reminds me of [ indonesia airasia flight 8501 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indonesia_airasia_flight_8501 ) but impossible to say if relevant to this accident . 
   it slowed down from 404 to 184kts in 14 seconds . 
  i 'd say something bad happened . 
  here 's the relevant fr24 data : http://www.flightradar24.com/data/airplanes/ei-etj/#7d986d3 [ table ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nxmdgb8.png ) [ graph of altitude and speed ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yve4enr.png ) while we do n't know how accurate the data is , it looks like there was a rapid climb at high altitude , followed by a rapid deceleration and descent . 
  the data looks like the plane stalled but does n't tell why . 
  and i hear at least 1 bn has gone missing in the neighbouring moldova . 
  not implying anything here , just sayin . 
  that and they even hate the term ` swing producer ' and have previously preferred the term ` balancing producer ' . 
  i think the version where the cleaner had separated the glass , plastic and paper into individual bags was far more poignant than the original installation . 
  it even looks better in the images . 
  the last time opec tried a concerted effort with russia ended with russia betraying its promises and taking market share from opec . 
  i do n't think opec has forgotten that lesson . 
  will this event be an actual ama , as in ask me * anything * , or will the mods again delete questions as they like ? 
  and if so then what kind of questions are allowed and not allowed ? 
   it 's possible then i suppose that the us , canada etc. 
  are trying to destabilise saudi arabia ( and/or russia ? ), 
  by keeping the price so low . 
  the huge rise in oil production in the us was not done by the us government . 
  it 's done by hundreds of private enterpreneuers ( aka wildcatters ) , and the us gov has no means nor incentive to stop them from doing their business . 
  it has been happening * despite * the us gov , not because of it . 
  some are keen to read much and many geopolitics into oil market now , overemphasising the supply side while at it , but ultimately it 's a matter of supply and demand . 
  the global oil market has entered a new regime and taken a big step towards free market at long last . 
  and when/if the us export restrictions get eased or lifted that would be one more big step towards it . 
  with the change the big winners are the oil importers and consumers , and the big losers are countries with big gov owned and operated oil production/exports such as venezuela and russia . 
  those who overemphasise the geopolitics often neglect to consider the other options . 
  when opec decided not to cut production what real options did they have ? 
  none . 
  you do n't get to dictate the prices with less than 40 % market share falling . 
  some say it 's all because of saudi arabia . 
  they say they 're doing it just to undermine russia , and if only they cut the production then the prices would shoot up again . 
  well , if it was that simple then why does n't russia cut its own production ? 
  then the oil price would shoot up and they would be saved . 
  obviously it 's not that simple as some may say . 
  so how about russia and opec co-operating ? 
  they could try to do it together , right ? 
  well , they already tried a few years ago when the oil prices last collapsed . 
  yet russia betrayed opec and stole some their market share . 
  opec has probably not forgotten the lesson . 
  there is no realistic option where the oil exporters could artificially make the oil price go up without losing big time in it . 
  those days are gone . 
  it 's not entirely free market yet but big step towards it has been taken . 
   they 're not alone , many countries that base their economy on oil exports are in deep shit . 
  http://money.cnn.com/2015/10/25/investing/oil-prices-saudi-arabia-cash-opec-middle-east/ saudi arabia is certainly not in a deep shit - to the contrary . 
  yes , their gov budget is unbalanced but * even if they do nothing * about it they can keep it that way for up to five years . 
  now , that 's a strong position , not shit . 
  and of course they have many options to address the imbalance in public finances . 
  options they have not yet actually felt the need to use so far . 
  such as : 1 . cutting government spending . 
  just for one example gasoline is cheap and the fuel subsidies alone will cost saudi arabia up to $ 52 billion this year , or about 8 % of gdp . 
  and there 's also plenty of other spending that could be potentially cut but which has not happened yet . 
  2 . borrowing from the market . 
  saudi arabia 's credit rating remains high , interest rate low , and they have little public debt . 
  3 . devaluating/floating currency . 
  saudi arabia has kept their peg against the us dollar , and riyal has remained steady to dollar even as the oil prices have collapsed . 
  4 . increasing taxation . 
  saudi arabia is known for dirt low taxes , and there 's the option of increasing some taxes . 
  in addition to that gdp projections estimate 2-3 % growth for this and the next year . 
  and they still have that about $ 650 billion as a cushion which will last for years even if they do nothing else . 
  the walking disaster this guy is makes me miss even more the former commissioner for digital agenda , [ neelie kroes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neelie_kroes ) . 
  she was the best . 
  but . . but i do n't want to marry my parents . 
  the documentary was in the news couple of weeks ago in finland , and i tried to do some digging then . 
  i did not find any research papers published in finland on this , and i do not know how prevalent it is . 
  but i did find that the issue has been discussed in the medical community in finland at least a decade ago already . 
  the ministry of social affairs and health has published a guide ( `` maahanmuuttajanaiset ja v\u00e4kivalta '' or * immigrant women and violence * , 2005 ) with guidlines to social and health workers which also includes virginity checks . 
  unfortunately i have n't read it so i do n't know what those guidelines are . 
  yet that shows the issue exists also in finland among immigrants , and the issue has been recognized by the relevant authorities already at least a decade ago . 
  which is a good thing to hear on its own right . 
  also , the ethics board of the finnish medical association duodecim [ has opionated on the issue ] ( http://www.duodecim.fi/kotisivut/kotisivut.sivut.nayta?p_sivu=58952 ) from the point of view of medical ethics . 
  they say these checks should not be performed as they are in violation of medical ethics . 
  they also advice against faking the results . 
  in their arguments they say that such tests are ambivalent at best . 
  they are completely unnecessary from the medical point of view . 
  they violate patient autonomy if a person is forced into having such check . 
  and telling the results to parents or others is in violation of doctor patient confidentiality . 
  and , [ monika or multicultural women 's association ] ( http://monikanaiset.fi/en/ ) in finland has been proactive on this issue too by raising awareness among the immigrant women about their rights . 
  which is a good thing . 
  yes , i had the same problem with the documentary too . 
  they should have spent more time discussing the survey and provide more in-depth data while at it . 
  even with the survey result saying 60 % of doctors have been asked to do virginity checks i find it hard to believe that many actually agree to do them . 
  and i 'm inclined to believe that those actually doing such tests are a minority of doctors in sweden ( possibly even a very small minority ) . 
  but the problem is i do n't have the data to back that up because the documetary was too vague about that . 
  yet what we do know is that there are doctors who are performing these insane tests , and willing to do even more terrible things such as sewing a girl up . 
  i would also have wanted more information about the victims . 
  the documentary only vaguely mentioned that there 's about 70000 girls in sweden living in cultures that do these virginity tests . 
  what cultures ? 
  who are those 70000 ? 
  where in sweden ? 
  even after watching the documentary i 'm still missing details on some pretty basic things : who are the victims , who is doing this to them , where is this happening , and how prevalent it is .
