  look at the stats then : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/wage-growth  real wages in russia decreased 9 percent year-on-year in november , following a downwardly revised 10.5 percent drop in the previous month . 
  meanwhile , nominal wages increased by 4.6 percent , while real disposable income shrank 5.4 percent . 
   edit : it 's now past 81.8 to dollar , past 89 to euro   edit : it 's going to break 82 to the dollar   edit : it 's now heading for 82.5 to the dollar , it made it past 90 to the euro . 
  yep , this is ruble 's black wednesday alright . 
  looks like breaking the 80 triggered some tripwires . 
  unfortunately i 'm quite fond of it and will not give it away easily . 
  you should see the chrystal clear skies that come with this coldness and the dancing northern lights . 
   nope : yes they are saying that . 
  i just quoted the relevant part from their report :  eia estimates that global oil inventories increased by 1.9 million b/d in 2015 , marking the second consecutive year of inventory builds . 
  this oversupply has contributed to oil prices reaching the lowest monthly average level since mid-2004 . 
  ** inventories are forecast to rise by an additional 0.7 million b/d in 2016 , before the global oil market becomes relatively balanced in 2017 . 
  ** the first draw on global oil inventories in 15 consecutive quarters is expected in the third quarter of 2017 . 
  apparently it is you who has not read the report at all . 
  let 's see your quote :  the 2015 growth occurred mainly in north america . 
  eia expects non-opec production to decline by 0.6 million b/d in 2016 , which would be the first decline since 2008 . 
  most of the forecast decline in 2016 is expected to be in the united states . 
  that does not contradict anything i have said . 
  yes , * in 2015 * the growth occured mainly in north america . 
  and yes , the eia expects non-opec production to fall by 600,000 bpd through 2016 most of that in the us . 
  so what ? 
  meanwhile , iran has just said they 'll bring 500,000 bpd on the market as soon as they can , and 1,000,000 bpd by the year 's end . 
  that will more than compensate for the mere 600,000 bpd eia estimates to leave the market in 2016 . 
   and here 's a graph from the same page that you seem to miss out -- note the oversupply shrinking : http://i.imgur.com/7e0pwvd.png that graph shows supply exceeding demand through 2016 . 
  which is what i have said . 
  again it looks like the eia agrees with me . 
   i just see no question for arguments here : libya have literally no inlfuence over today 's oil market . 
  never said that , and i do n't know where you got that `` today 's '' from as i excplicitly said it was a * future * consideration . 
  please do read what i wrote before you choose comment on it . 
  that 's what discussion forums are for : read , consider and then give your opinion . 
  and `` nope '' is not an argument , it 's simple childish denial . 
  wrong thread , mate . 
   half of winter is over . 
  good to hear . 
  it 's currently -37 \u00b0 c outside . 
  just 3 more months to go . 
  * do not dress as a suicide bomber or as a woman . 
   you 'd better read some eia analysis first . 
  i have , and eia is saying the same : stockpiles growing , global glut worsening . 
  also the iea says the same - here 's the latest tl ; dr : http://washpost.bloomberg.com/story?docid=1376-o169356jtseb01-5gcp89el4h18m8e44ifcjm9tl8  crude dropped to the lowest in more than 12 - years in new york after the international energy agency said the global market could `` drown in oversupply . ''  west texas intermediate futures fell 3.3 percent . 
  the iea cut 2016 estimates for global oil demand as china 's economic growth weakens , and raised forecasts for output outside the organization of petroleum exporting countries . 
  the removal of restrictions on iranian crude sales is seen prolonging the supply glut . 
  brent futures rebounded as data showed chinese growth was in line with government targets  `` there 's just too much oil out there , '' said kyle cooper , director of research with iaf advisors and cypress energy capital management in houston . 
  `` while we 're not going to be getting any deliveries of iranian crude , they will displace other oils which will head here . 
  there 's no light at the end of the tunnel . '', 
  ...  nope . 
  great argument . 
  i mean , you have no argument at all . 
  edit : as you ninjaedited your comment . 
   first , the oil market is a virtual market , and all that linear modeling is well off the mark here . 
  whatever you choose to call it does not mean supply and demand are not present . 
  they very much are . 
  your opinion about ` linear modeling ' does not change the fact that we 're in an oil glut . 
  globally . 
  stockpiles are at historical high and growing , as supply is exceeding the growth of demand . 
   second , even if we do talk about adding and removing supply , i strongly suggest you to read some eia analysis first . 
  i have , and their analysis supports what i said . 
  for example , this is what eia says in their latest outlook jan 12th :  eia estimates that global oil inventories increased by 1.9 million b/d in 2015 , marking the second consecutive year of inventory builds . 
  this oversupply has contributed to oil prices reaching the lowest monthly average level since mid-2004 . 
  ** inventories are forecast to rise by an additional 0.7 million b/d in 2016 ** , before the global oil market becomes relatively balanced in 2017 . 
  the first draw on global oil inventories in 15 consecutive quarters is expected in the third quarter of 2017 . 
  very good point !, 
   nope , that means nothing in global context . 
  of course 500,000 to 1,000,000 bpd more to the market does matter on the global context !, 
  the demand will not grow at the same pace as supply this year , and there wo n't be anyone removing that much from the market this year . 
  additionally , the storages are at historic high and oil just keeps on piling up . 
  they 're already renting oil tankers as storage as on-shore facilities are getting full . 
  another , albeit still tentative , political development to keep an eye on through this year and the next is the development in libya . 
  yesterday the rival factions in libya announced their agreement to form a unity government . 
  there are still many issues to solve which will not be easy but it is the first small step towards political stability . 
  due to political instability libya 's oil production has fallen drastically with only 370,000 bpd produced in december while it used to be 1,600,000 bpd . 
  if the rivaling factions in libya continue taking steps towards stability they have the potential of bringing over 1,000,000 bpd to the market - but even in the best case scenario that will take time and would probably become more relevant in 2017 . 
   iran has almost nothing to do with the current oil price . 
  there is of course multiple reasons for the low prices , but it was iran 's return to the market that made the prices fall below $ 30 . 
  iran has said they 'll bring 500,000 bpd to the market as soon as possible , and 1,000,000 bpd by the year 's end . 
  that means the oil glut will not only continue but is getting worse . 
   what 's the stance of the russian central bank ? 
  will they just let it float or try to stabilize it ? 
  last week the rcb said they can not rule out interest rate hike . 
  that was a week ago and ruble has depreciated more since then , but i do n't think they 'll intervene unless ruble keeps falling a lot more . 
  rcb 's problem is having two opposite goals : on one hand they need to allow ruble to weaken to support the gov budget , and on the other hand they have their stated inflation targets which are harder to keep with weakening ruble . 
  balancing between those is a challenge indeed . 
  [ how about a wookie ? 
  is it safe to dress as a wookie ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nocpllog8ye ), 
   why would sa cut output ? 
  they are the most efficient producer on the planet . 
  yup . 
  but let 's not forget the kurdish producers - some of their oil companies have exceedingly low costs , such as genel with production costs of about $ 1 per barrel . 
  barclays regards kurdish companies genel and dno as among the most resilient companies to low oil prices , and has an overweight recommendation on both . 
  yes the us lifted the export ban that had been in effect since the '70s . 
  but that expected decision has been in the making for years and not necessarily aimed at russia . 
  yup . 
  saudi arabia 's economy is projected to keep growing even if in a lower pace than before : +1.2 % for 2016 and +1.9 % for 2017 as per the latest imf and hsbc projections published yesterday . 
  i hope we get one more of those epic speeches by guy verhofstadt . 
  and in other news the norwegian oil and gas company statoil is planning a new large investment : [ statoil moves ahead with $ 7 billion arctic field after cost cuts ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-19/statoil-moves-ahead-with-7-billion-arctic-field-after-cost-cuts )  statoil plans to invest 50 billion kroner to 60 billion kroner ( $ 7 billion ) in the johan castberg development in the barents sea , compared with about 100 billion kroner earlier , ceo eldar saetre said in a speech tuesday in sandefjord , norway . 
  production may start in 2022 after a final decision in 2017 , according to a draft plan , which includes using a floating production , storage and offloading vessel , he said . 
   `` this is a project that 's starting to get close to what i would call an attractive project , '' saetre said in an interview . 
  at least half of the contracts will be awarded to norwegian suppliers , he said earlier . 
  well , as norway has a diverse economy it 's not all doom and gloom :  even as low prices are putting the brakes on the oil and gas industry , other parts of the economy are benefiting from a weakening of the krone that has made exports more competitive . 
   `` it 's a two-speed situation in norway , '' said storset .
