  that is how many countries do design and build bridges , including for example switzerland and finland : the bridges have certain points designed to accommodate explosives for quick detonation in case of invasion . 
  100 million is a piss in the wind , a drop in the ocean , a fart in sahara . 
  it does n't change anything or matter at all . 
  even with the low oil prices libya 's official gov has been making billions from the oil exports , and so is the unofficial competing gov. 
  a 100 million is nothing compared to what those guys are making . 
  and the same goes with iraq . 
  last year they made a cool $ 75 billion from oil . 
  yet they somehow fail to accommodate and provide for the tens of thousands young men that have fled all the way to distant finland seeking asylym from the fightings in the northern parts of the country ( which is less than 1/5 of iraq ) . 
  i 'd say no matter how much or how little money you pour it is not going to get any better . 
  and that likely has more to do with the locals , their ideologies and their policies rather than evil/stupid/well-meaning whites from the west . 
   i 'm average looking as hell and my `` other '' inbox is full of dudes from india and pakistan being creepy as fuck . 
  this is hardly a refugee-related thing . 
  i 'd think the thing that makes it ` refugee-related ' is that young men with such attitudes and behavioral patterns have been pouring in to eu seeking asylym here . 
   also , obligatory / r/asablackman how was that insult in any way `` obligatory '' ? 
  i think the very first thing we have to make very clear is that wanton crossing of the eu borders is not possible , and not the road to el dorado . 
  until the migration wave is actually stopped and controlled at the eu borders all relocation schemes and such are nonsense and not a solution at all . 
  the very first step in any rational solution is to regain the control of the outer borders first . 
  that would also have the advantage of fewer drowned people as they would be less prone to take their chances with the flimsy boats . 
  the eu should carefully look at what australia did and take relevant lessons from that : what worked , what did not work , and what could be applicable here . 
  but as long as we let the bleeding hearts lead us there will be no solution at all and the problem will only get worse with even more people dying while trying on the mediterranean . 
   we choose the rules , and in fact we were quick to ignore our own rules by choice , even quick to criticise those who tried to impose them . 
  this is all a matter of choice . 
  indeed . 
  that is the matter in a nutshell . 
   even if i 'm a genuine refugee , i have a natural interest in going to the place that seems most promising . 
  great . 
  but that 's not what 's the asylym system is for and the treaties do not give you such privilege . 
  you have a right to apply for an asylym in the first safe country . 
  if it 's economic opportunities you 're seeking then there 's a separate migration system for that . 
   firstly , that 's up to us to decide . 
  should be , but apparently is n't . 
   more importantly though , they would surely cooperate more if we have prevented their pilgrimages towards their destinations if choice , against the most basic rules of the union and its member states . 
  yup . 
  one failure led even bigger failures . 
  just for one example , it 's amazing that those who advocated for the rescue operation on the mediterranean still have n't acknowledged the fact that it led to even more people drowning . 
  the rescue operation actually killed people . 
  because when the operation started even more people started to take their chances to cross the sea in flimsy boats , and the problem got whole new level worse . 
  i remember when early 2015 there was still talk about * stopping * the human smuggling by boats . 
  but no , the bleeding hearts won , let 's rescue them all instead . 
  and thanks to the bleeding hearts even more people drowned . 
  that 's why there 's the well-known saying about good intentions . 
  indeed . 
  it is obvious that the migrants are commiting asylym shopping against the relevant treaties , which points more to economic reasons than to need of shelter . 
  after all , they have travelled through numerous safe countries without asking for refuge there . 
  but i think liberal is the wrong word there as liberalism has more to do with rule of law than anarchy . 
  it 's unfortunate that the obvious lack of rule of law regarding this migrant wave is seen as liberal . 
  it is certainly not , it is the opposite of it . 
  it 's closer to anarchy than liberalism . 
   relocating refugees among member states is a difficult process that requires the cooperation of national governments . 
  it also requires the cooperation of the migrants , let 's not forget about that . 
  they do n't want to apply for an asylym for example in easter european countries , they want to apply for an asylym in germany , sweden or such . 
  that 's the reason they travelled across several * safe countries * without applying for an asylym in the first place . 
  and that 's not what the asylym system is for , the treaties say that one is to apply for an asylym in the first safe country they arrive to . 
  the pertinent question , to which the eu commission is still failing to give an answer , is the same as always : how is the supposed relocation scheme supposed to work when even the migrants do n't want to relocate ? 
   similar to how they were offered 100 state police officers and declined . 
  this is something that is still very unclear to me : how many policemen were present on nye in cologne and from which forces ? 
  because according to der spiegel there were at least 80 riot police there , and the request of propping the detachment up to the full 124 complement was declined by the state police headquarters . 
  but i have n't heard how many other polices there were in addition to the 80 riot police . 
   i did n't see them shoveling it to others how do you explain over 32,000 asylym seekers walking across the border from sweden to finland with swedish railways giving them free rides 800 km across sweden to the border ? 
  because afaik sweden is not a war-zone . 
  and sweden also attempted this : [ sweden wants eu help to relocate refugees ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-sweden-iduskcn0st1xj20151104 ) so , basically sweden said ` welcome everyone ' ( while chastising others for not saying it ) , and then when everyone showed up they 've been trying to shovel them to others . 
  that 's what you get for pointing out the lack emperor 's clothing . 
  those countries have been right all along about the eu policies here and especially the hairbrained relocation scheme which is n't a solution and does not even work . 
  yet their valid critisism has been met with bigoted rhetorics even on political level , with some western polticians even calling for stopping eu funding for countries that oppose the dysfunctional relocation scheme . 
  the economic . 
  use economic sticks and carrots as a leverage . 
  for example , germany is one of the most important trading partners of morocco if not the most important . 
  yet morocco refuses to accept its * own citizens * back to their country . 
  a proposed solution : use economic sticks/carrots to change their shitty policy . 
  the same goes for the eu as whole : the eu is very important trading partner with many of the countries refusing to take * their own citizens * back . 
  the eu should use economic carrot or stick as a leverage to negotiate relevant agreements with those countries . 
  and if done at the eu level , then every single eu member state would n't have to negotiate their own treaties . 
  just fyi : you 're engaging a racist that [ has called for the extermination of people by their skin colour ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/historyporn/comments/3wnctb/whites_attack_black_protesters_for_resisting/cxxyq5y ) , so do n't expect much from the discussion . 
  it 's dangerous to go alone !, 
  take this \\ \\, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwk1hkbh62u ), 
  true that . 
  add to that the fact there 's an ongoig investigation of which details can not be published yet . 
  afaik similar thing applies to danish citizens regarding getting social allowance and having real property or liquidable assets . 
  but i 'm not familiar with the details . 
  as a kid my friend 's mother used to read stories from the iliad and the odyssey to us kids . 
  when she wanted to quiet us down she would sit on an armchair and start reading aloud . 
  and we sat on the floor around her listening in awe . 
  good times . 
   it is incredibly dangerous to try to institutionalize truth and legislate in the name of good taste . 
  by turning free speech into a privilege -- which has to be earned !, 
  -- instead of a right -- which we all have !, 
  -- we 're undermining the entire democratic model . 
   we have to create an ideal where we , instead of looking for opportunities to feel offended and demand that someone be silenced , respect other people 's right to speak . 
  sometimes that means having our ideas , beliefs and convictions contested or even mocked , but living in a democratic society means that we also have to be prepared to simply shake things off and move on . 
  upholding the fundamental principle of free speech trumps avoiding hurt feelings . 
  well said . 
   i am really curious to see what was disclosed to them prior to the arrest currently unknown to public as it 's an ongoing investigation by the national board of investigation . 
  i posted the following information just a minute ago in another thread that seems to have disappeared now . 
  so i 'll just paste it here as it has some further informative links related to your question . 
  about 1000 young iraqi males , who had travelled there from asylym centers in various cities in finland , gathered to the helsinki cenral railway station . 
  i think it 's highly unlikely they all simply randomly happened to be there , and my common sense says it was likely an organized thing . 
  that fact by itself does not mean they all got there to harrass people and they may have travelled there just to celebrate together in a gentlemany manner . 
  in any case the police had been tipped beforehand about possible plans of sexual harassment and thefts , and the police said they were well prepared , were visible , dispersed some groups and detained several persons . 
  and so far they have received just three reports of sexual harassment/assault .
