  yet even as the process should be pretty straightforward sometimes there have been bitter legal fights over the appointment lasting even years , but afaik that is rare . 
  * kirkkoherra * ( a vicar in english ) is the elected leader of a congregation in the finnish lutheran ( and also orthodox ) church . 
  they 're elected from the candidates eligible to the post in a direct election by the members of the congregation . 
  a lutheran a priest can basically have a life just as anyone else : date and have sex with adults , marry , have children etc. 
  and they get paid just as anyone else . 
  i do n't know if being a priest has any special benefits but i think generally people attending the job do see it as a worthwile service to the community , and perhaps they have a conviction to the people - dunno . 
  i am not a theologist but this is what i 've heard from my friends who have studied theology . 
  firstly you need a degree and for that you have to study for master of theology in university , and classical languages . 
  the university is not interested on your personal beliefs and i know atheists studying theology . 
  remember , theology is not a religion but the study of religion . 
  when you have the necessary degrees you are eligible to apply for a post of a priest , a vicar etc when church or a congregation has a post open . 
  the requirements are : must have a degree in theology and classical languages ( such as latin , classical greek , aramea etc ) , has demonstrated previous participation in the congregation , has a lutheran conviction , good social interaction skills , ability to interpret the bible in a relevant manner , and then some . 
  and yes , i do know some priests and vicars who 's conviction is closer to agnostic , ignostic or atheist than lutheran . 
  but then again , they are smart people , and they do have good social interaction skills ... 
  demolishing would cost a lot of money too . 
  this is truly horrifying . 
  it will take years for the greek economy to cover such loss . 
  as it is the ghost airport is not profitable , and if it were it would not be a ghost airport nor sold for peanuts . 
  the new investors plan to make it profitable as a cargo airport saying they 're prepared to spend further $ 100 million for development . 
  we 'll see if their plan succeeds , but i 'd say their basic idea makes sense . 
  while the idea of building a 4 km runway to handle even the largest passenger jets and building facilities for 10 million passengers a year ( which never appeared ) was insane to beging with , the airport with such long runway , its location , and good rail connections could very well work as a cargo terminal ( e.g. 
  bringing manufactured goods from china and taking fresh foodstuffs and machinery back ) . 
  but the deal is not done yet . 
  the target value of the airport , set by a court , was $ 40 million . 
  so far this bid of $ 10,000 has been the only one , and it is still possible albeit improbable that a higher bid suddenly appears or even that the auction is called off . 
  ft : [ spanish ghost airport costing $ 1bn attracts offer of just $ 10,000 ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/368d6998-2c81-11e5-acfb-cbd2e1c81cca.html#axzz3gfoi7hn3 )  a spokeswoman for the local court in ciudad real that handled the auction said the bid had come from a chinese company called tzaneen international . 
  but she stressed it was not clear whether the airport would be auctioned off to tzaneen as the bid was significantly below the $ 40m value set by the court . 
   the deadline has been extended until september 15 in the hope of attracting higher offers . 
  `` i never voted for anybody . 
  i always voted against . '', 
   i have a really hard time seeing the uk , france , and germany fighting for a long , long time to come , though . 
  and so do i. 
  but as my chrystal ball only takes me so far i welcome all efforts to further prevent that happening in the future . 
  it 's very important . 
  to see how important it is you need to appreciate the primary principle : * everything done so far has been done to prevent shit hitting the fan in europe again . 
  * everything . 
  including the euro . 
  it is not merely an economic agreement or a business deal . 
  it 's far far beyond that . 
  deep down the euro is a peace agreement , a non-agression pact , an alliance . 
  that 's why it was designed irreversible . 
  rip that apart and you rip the very heart out . 
  of course a grexit would not do that immediately . 
  but it would cause reverbations which under certain conditions could resonate and get bigger down the line . 
  see my imaginary example above and suddenly even a war between north and south along the ancient battle lines ( look at historic maps such as rome , middle ages , or reformation ) is not inconceivable any more . 
  and boy , do i know it sounds crazy . 
  i certainly do not anticipate such extreme outcome . 
  but what i said stands : the genie * is * out of bottle now . 
  a new parameter of uncertainty . 
  outcome depends on how the politicians either dampen or amplify it . 
  and we know there are politicians who would not only amplify but ride the wave . 
  i 'm not angry at all , i feel quite fine and thanks for asking . 
  what worries me is this : in all of it greece itself is a minor issue . 
  a grexit is a possibility , and it is simply realism to acknowledge that fact . 
  but ... 
  the far far bigger issue is the genie out of bottle . 
  after the meeting last weekend we all now know from the top level that euro is actually not irreversible . 
  and that notion may prove dangerous down the line . 
  let 's imagine : in 2030 marine le pen has become the president of france with her nationalistic agenda . 
  she has similarily nationalistic allies in some other eu countries . 
  then after fucking up her country 's economy she cites the minutes of the meeting last weekend and unilaterally declares that france is ` temporarily ' no longer part of the eurozone . 
  that would be like ripping the very heart of not only the ez but the eu and stomping on it . 
  pretty much worst case scenario , i know , but now it exists . 
  never mind the lesser variations of that . 
  so , to you * finnish customs investigating an apparent attempt to smuggle spare parts for tanks to war-torn syria through finland * equals to finland helping russia smuggle military equipment to assad ? 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  to me stopping the shipment and investigating is the exact opposite of helping it , but your mileage may vary . 
  i 'd think it should be obvious to anyone that a prosperous greece is in everybody 's interest , and that includes every country in the ez and every country in the eu including their taxpayers - except perhaps for some marginal far-right and far-left groups . 
  i 'm simply flabbergasted when reading various conspiracy theories in / r/europe how this and that country is out to destroy greece in one way or another because reasons . 
  when did * that * happen ? 
  and [ sahti !, 
  ] ( http://www.beerhunter.com/documents/19133-000055.html ), 
  ` madonna feels like irrelevant fossil ' , says spin0 . 
  could you link to that report ? 
  the nuances might depend a bit on how you use the ious . 
  in any case greece using ious and a grexit is still possible , and even as the likelyhood is not as high as it was last week everyone should still be prepared for it . 
  there 's no reason to stop discussing it . 
  to come up with bridge financing will be tough . 
  and to come up with a third bailout package will be even tougher . 
  let 's not count a grexit out . 
  there is no bailout deal . 
  i do n't know where you got that . 
  if as per the agreement reached last weekend greece implements the * prior actions * ( that it agreed to implement long ago with the prior two bailouts but never did ) then there will be negotitiations for a third bailout . 
  if the negotitions for the third bailout are successfully concluded then there will be a bailout deal and a third bailout . 
  greece has treated the imf with open hostility this year , in diplomatic terms , and in january the first thing v-man did was this : [ greece 's finance minister vows to shun officials from troika ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jan/30/greece-finance-minister-yanis-varoufakis-shun-officials-troika )  yanis varoufakis says new government will refuse to engage with auditors from the eu , the european central bank and the international monetary fund . 
  if there will be negotiations for a third bailout then the imf will participate . 
  they probaly would prefer not to be part of it . 
  but they will . 
   i feel like there has n't been enough of an acknowledgment as to how unstable greece is here post meeting . 
  well , we do know all those things already as do the institutions . 
  that was one of the primary reasons why the negotiations last weekend were so difficult in the first place . 
  it is unfortunate that media has gone for easy headlines instead of analysis . 
  and , as you can see even my simple analysis is * long * . 
  never mind a proper one . 
   the greek banks running low seems like a ticking time bomb that wo n't be addressed before a bit of chaos erupts from the greek people . 
  there 's only so much that can be done to address that . 
  that was clear from the moment greece imposed the capital controls . 
  and while i do n't understand what they were thinking it is not relevant any more . 
  what greece did was a terrible terrible decision and they should have done anything they could to avoid it . 
  but they did n't , instead they steered towards it .
