   language would be one easy win . 
  i wish people would some day stop going on about non-existent language issue . 
  there has been no change whatsoever in status of russian language , and the language law of 2010 is still in effect . 
  i know russian state propaganda claims otherwise , but it is not true , and they 're greatly overstating the ` threat ' to language in ukraine . 
  in fact according to polls by large majority russian speaking people do not feel their language , or god forbid themselves , are threatened . 
   if you want to read some pro-coupe rethorics you can always buy a newspaper . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'd rather check a [ car magazine ] ( http://www.carmagazine.co.uk/drives/search-results/first-drives/jaguar-f-type-r-coupe-2014-car-review/ ) . 
   is it because of their political position in the eu , or something ? 
  likely , yes . 
  the point is to cause confusion in the public debate . 
  the more confusion among german public the harder it becomes for merkel to keep united front - in germany and in the eu . 
   germany needs to build its military and improve bilateral ties with russia which can supply it with near-infinite amounts of energy . 
  the rest of the europe is weak and bankrupt and will simply orbit around that alliance . 
  , said stalin to hitler . 
  very hard to say at the moment . 
  situation could improve , or could get worse , heh . 
  personally i remain optimistic as i do think ukraine can deal with the separatists through negotiation without situation escalating . 
  but otoh russia has done nothing to de-escalate the situation . 
  ukraine , eu , us and russia are scheduled to meet in vienna next week 's thursday for negotiations . 
  but a lot could happen before that . 
  aaand you did n't answer any of op 's questions . 
   what is currently happening ? 
  bunch of armed separatist extremists has seized couple of buildings in couple of cities in eastern ukraine . 
  they have declared that the regions are now `` people 's republics '' , have asked for russia to send troops , and claimed that a referendum joining russia will take place no later than 11 may . 
  there 's nothing legitimate about their declarations , and joining russia does not have popular support . 
  meanwhile russia has been doing the usual : sending provocateurs , making demands and having an invasion army ready just across the border . 
   why do n't europeans want us intervention ? 
  us has not proposed an intervention . 
   what is the situation looking like ? 
  three things to follow within the next 24-48h : can ukraine deal with the separatist extremists ? 
  will putin keep his military on his side of border ? 
  will the diplomacy between the eu , us and russia give anything new ? 
  in addition to the eu funds there 's financing from the us , japan and imf - plus also private investments . 
   i want to know who can i vote for since i seem to have such a right . 
  help me , please !, 
  there has been many posts with links to election debates , party platforms , polls etc. . . but i 'm too lazy to start searching them . 
  and as the election is approaching they will be more and more relevant . 
  ** suggestion to mods : ** could we have a collection of election related things on the side bar ? 
  stuff like links to debates , party programs and platforms , opinion polls etc. . . 
  meanwhile [ in russia ] ( http://en.ria.ru/russia/20140409/189127841/russia-continues-economic-aid-to-ukraine-despite-illegitimate.html ) :  `` as you know , our partners in europe recognize the legitimacy of the current kiev authorities , but are doing nothing in order to support ukraine ; not a single dollar , not a single euro , '' putin said . 
   `` the russian federation does n't recognize the legitimacy of the authorities in kiev , but will continue to give it economic support and subsidize ukraine 's economy with hundreds of millions and billions of dollars for now . 
  this situation , of course , ca n't continue eternally , '' the russian leader added . 
  liar liar pants of fire . 
  key elements of the eu assistance package : - $ 3 billion from the eu budget in the coming years , $ 1.6 billion in macro financial assistance loans ( mfa ) and an assistance package of grants of $ 1.4 billion - up to $ 8 billion from the european investment bank and the european bank for reconstruction and development - potential $ 3.5 billion leveraged through the neighbourhood investment facility - setting up of a donor coordination platform - provisional application of the deep and comprehensive free trade area when association agreement is signed and , if need be , by autonomous frontloading of trade measures - organisation of a high level investment forum/task force - modernisation of the ukraine gas transit system and work on reverse flows - acceleration of visa liberalisation action plan within the established framework ; offer of a mobility partnership - technical assistance on a number of areas from constitutional to judicial reform and preparation of elections, 
  did n't putin do it already in december ? 
  dec 9 , 2013 : reuters : [ putin dissolves state news agency , tightens grip on russia media ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/09/us-russia-media-idusbre9b80i120131209 ) al jazeera : [ putin dissolves ria novosti news agency ] ( http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2013/12/9/putin-dissolves-rianovostinewsagency.html ) bbc : [ russian news agency ria novosti closed down ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-25299116 ) what is the current status of ria novosti and what new happened yesterday ? 
  i did n't find anything relevant on their website . 
   survey has a very low chance of being accurate representation of population if it 's conducted among only 500 people out of 2 . something million . 
  actually polling and related statistics is a well-established method of research , and based on the sample size and the margin of error the survey results actually are representative . 
  you have n't pointed out any actual methodologial errors or shortcomings which would render the survey wrong . 
  the sample size you seem to be hung up is actually adequate . 
  seems you simply choose to deny the results without providing any rational reason whatsoever . 
   if you do the survey multiple times using the same number of people and every time get nearly identical results it makes the survey more accurate . 
  now you 're running with the goalposts . 
   the fact is that as they are now , the eu 's sanctions on russia are underwhelming . 
  they do not reflect how serious unilaterally annexing part of another country actually is . 
  sanctions should reflect how grave the sanctioned deed was instead of only increasing if russia invades eastern ukraine as well . 
  well , if you view the sanctions merely as a sort of punishment then yes they 're an underwhelming punishment , and probably even going to level 5 sanctions straight away would be too mild in that sense . 
  the problem is that then there would be nothing else left but force . 
  if we are to seek a solution by diplomacy and negotiation then imposing sanctions stepwise as needed is the best strategy . 
  for that you need to keep new sanctions on the table , not impose them all and then have nothing else left . 
  it 's also important to let the other side know what will be the next step , and that there is determination to impose that next step . 
  in that sense some of martin schulz 's comments are unfortunate as they imply that there might not be such determination in the eu . 
  pretty lame stuff coming from him . 
  but on that one point i agree with him - the operative word being `` at the moment '' . 
   actually , tit-for-tat sanctions are the most common case of economic retaliation . 
  they 're widely used worldwide by big players such as china or the u.s. and convey a message : `` do n't think about restricting imports/exports or we 'll hit you just as hard '' . 
  yes , that 's often used in that type of situations . 
  does n't mean would the best choise in this situation . 
   but it 's hard to deny that putin managed to unify russia under one banner : the ethnic russian , conservative , anti-gay , we 're - not-europeans , stronk russia . 
  and so has many other rulers before him . 
  and the taller they are the harder they fall . 
  you time travel a lot ? 
   ( and someone correct me if i 'm wrong ) you 're wrong . 
   kinda , survey of 500 people will be maybe accurate ( depending on the survey ) only if conducted multiple ( like hundred ) times . 
  now you 're not even wrong . 
  i know some may regard the diplomatic and economic sanctions imposed so far as underwhelming . 
  but the point is to keep the stronger sanctions still at the bay and only impose them as a consequence when they 're most needed . 
  because if you go straight to the level 5 then there 's nothing left after that except force . 
  currently it is important to keep putin away from his fallback option of further escalating situation with military force . 
  keeping sanctions in place and extending them only stepwise as necessary while continuing the diplomatic efforts is the most effective way to do it . 
  * currently * - but the situation is tense and volatile : putin 's foreign policy is a failure , his great project is crumbling , and there is a possibility of him resorting to the fallback option . 
  hence i agreed by emphasising the very important caveat * `` at the moment '' * . 
  i do support diplomatic and economic sanctions . 
  and as putin has showed no actions nor will to actually de-escalate the situation i think discussing and probably imposing new sanctions will be relevant shortly . 
   i mean , russia does n't hold back on import bans ( moldova , lithuania ) , so why should we ? 
  i think imposing them in a mere tit-for-tat manner would dull the purpose and effectiveness of economic sanctions . 
  additionally , as crazy as it may sound now , i do n't think russia 's claimed annexation of crimea is more than of temporary nature . 
  putin 's regime is not going to last forever and it wo n't fall down softly when its time has run out . 
   `` the eu has taken measures and it is not necessary at the moment to take new sanctions '' , he said . 
  `` at the moment '' i agree . 
  but the situation is volatile and may change quickly . 
  is there a breakdown by responded 's age available ? 
  because in earlier polls support for russia has a strong correlation with age : the older the person the more likely ( s ) he is to support russia - being highest among the 70 + year olds . 
  it does n't really matter if russians have an access to those as only about 5 % of russian population speaks english . 
  russian state controls the tv-channels and broadcasting in russia , and they 're broadcasting the state propaganda in russian . 
   not one of the 64 arrested separatists in kharkov turned out to be russian citizens . 
  they merely claimed to be ukrainians . 
  as none of them had papers on them at the time of arrest their identities and citizenships are unclear , and remain to be established later on with investigation .
