  if it does develop , the embryo may not implant properly into the uterus of the surrogate dam . 
  alternatively , the placenta may not form properly , and the developing animal wo n't get the nourishment it needs . 
   large offspring syndrome ( los ) is seen in pregnancies of cattle and sheep that come from other arts and cloning . 
  with los , the fetus grows too large in the uterus , making problems for the animal and its surrogate dam . 
  los has not been observed in goats and swine . 
   most clones that are normal at birth become as strong and healthy as any other young animals . 
  calf and lamb clones tend to have more health problems at birth , and may be more likely to die right after birth than conventionally bred animals . 
  clones born with abnormalities may continue to have health problems for the first few months of life , but by the time clones are young adults , it 's not possible to tell them apart from other animals of the same age , even if you conduct a detailed examination . 
  scientists at fda and research institutions have looked at extensive health records , the development of clones , and blood work for clones that 's similar to what people get when they have physicals . 
  these results show that the clones are perfectly healthy , and walk , wean , grow , mature , and behave just like conventionally bred animals . 
   would you like to eat meat from cloned animals ? 
  sure , if it 's of good quality and reasonably priced . 
   the answer is most likely to be no . 
  well , you got that one wrong . 
   it did n't happen instantly so all the keynesians including famous people such as krugman called for even more money printing and said the economy was still in recession / deflation because we had n't done enough which was incredibly stupid as it was perfectly clear the deflation would be short term phenomenom as it was by far mostly caused by the falling energy prices . 
  i mean , that was what the data told us , and it was perfectly logical , yet some idiot economists and pundits started screaming `` deflation !, 
  delfation ! '', 
  as if the sky was falling . 
  in 2009 the budget had 10 % deficit . 
  without more loans they could not afford their regular expenses . 
  it was even worse than that . 
  2008 deficit was 9.8 % 2009 deficit was whopping 15.4 % at the time the greek gov was contemplating all their options and also considered defaulting under their debts . 
  but as their calculations ( they even had some argentinan guys helping out with the estimates ) showed default was their worst option they decided to ask for a bailout from the imf/eurozone . 
  that was their decision , the greek gov made the call and asked for a bailout , so it 's not like they were somehow forced to it by the nazi merkel or the ebil banksters as some have been trying to spin it . 
   this is easily googled information . 
  great , then you can easily point out where and when `` the details of the molotov -- ribbentrop pact were known to the allies '' . 
  right ? 
   though not something you 'll find plastered on page one of the new york times . 
  ah , so it 's hidden somewhere ? 
   look up charles e. bohlen or in german-soviet relations 1939-1941 by slavomir debski . 
  tried that . 
  neither search answered the question . 
  without compelling evidence to support your claim i take your claim as : * bullshit * . 
  i also add that the soviet union vehemently denied the existence of the secret protocol until 1989 . 
  okay , can you point out where and when `` the details of the molotov -- ribbentrop pact were known to the allies '' ? 
  based on russia 's past behavior , and the obvious projecting in their statements and propaganda , sounds like russia is preparing something there . 
  the relevant bit :  one of the last matters for discussions arises from a 's physical assault allegations comprised principally within his abe interview . 
  in the context of a question from the officer about what he did on 17 october -- and seemingly out of the blue -- ** a said , `` i did my homework ... with his belt , he kind of hits me . '', 
  a little later , a is asked , `` ok and how does he hit you ? '', 
  a who was by then looking directly at the officer , said , `` with a belt ... a long belt . '', 
  he described being hit on his back and leg and said it was `` kind of fast , to hit me . '', 
  asked how he felt , a said `` sad ... but i 'm little brave ... i 'm not scared of him ... but normally i 'm sad . 
  '' ** in response to questions as to whether it hurt , did it leave marks and whether they ` went quite quickly ' , a did not reply verbally but nodded his head to all three inquiries . '', 
  towards the very end of the interview , a responded affirmatively when asked if he missed his father . 
   the father wholly denies ever striking a with a belt or otherwise . 
  he described with evident emotion that if he could not see a he does not `` want to live . '', 
  he can `` only say ( he ) never hit a with a belt '' and he is `` dying to see a. '', 
  the father also described what he meant by a `` slap or a tap '' the words used when he was interviewed by the police in connection with a 's allegations . 
  he said this was not to slap a `` badly but to keep him disciplined . '', 
   i bear in mind the positive assessment of a undertaken by the relevant local authority in june 2013 in response to a police referral arising out of the 24 march incident . 
  a was seen alone and stated he was happy at home where he was being looked after by his father , uncle and aunty . 
  he mentioned he would be going to india to see his mother and that he speaks to her everyday on skype . 
  a was observed to be a happy and contented child as well as very comfortable with his father . 
   there are other later assessments to be considered particularly that undertaken by another local authority in november 2014 . 
  again a was seen alone . 
  ** when asked about the time when he lived with his father , according to the social worker , a 's body language changed . 
  he appeared to retreat into himself and said that when he 'd lived with his father ` it was not nice ' and ` did ( the social worker ) know that his father used to hit him for no reason ? 
  ' **  at the end of my determination on this issue i make the following observations . 
  i did believe the mother when she told me she had not said anything bad about the father although it had been for her `` really horrible being separated from her son . '', 
  the mother also said that during the time they were together , she had seen the father slap a twice and there had been occasions when he had been pushed and shouted at . 
  she had not told her solicitor because there had been `` so many things . '', 
   ** i do not believe there was punitively harsh treatment of a of the kind that would merit the term physical abuse . 
  proper allowance must be made for what is , almost certainly , a different cultural context . 
  ** within many communities newly arrived in this country , children are slapped and hit for misbehaviour in a way which at first excites the interest of child protection professionals . 
  in this instance , and on the basis of his abe interview , a did not appear to have suffered more than sadness and transient pain from what was done to him . 
  what i find a bit disturbing here is the apparent implication that this child , and by extension children with an immigrated parent carrying a stereotype of `` a different cultural context '' as it comes to abusive behavior , are not entitled to the same level of protection by law as children born to non-immigrant parents . 
   and btw i am not a catholic , i just dont understand blind hate . 
  look , it 's just a question in the fun questions part of the 30k survey , and i think you 're taking it too seriously by reading the result as `` blind hate '' . 
  i thought presenting the survey result as an `` objective fact '' would be the dead giveaway that i 'm not entirely serious ( on hindsight , maybe i should have called it `` the absolute truth '' instead ) . 
  the surveys we used to do here did have some serious questions probing our political leanings and stances on topical issues , and those parts did produce interesting results . 
  but the surveys also had the fun questions part which was always meant to be taken light-heartedly . 
  i mean with questions like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/meujgyl.png ) . 
  there obviously were different motives for different people to choose vatican but one of the reasons why some did that was they did n't have an actual least favourite country and simply chose vatican instead ( i know i did , as did some others based on the discussions at the time ) . 
  also , iirc , at the time there had been widely reported controversies regarding vatican 's official stances and actions on various issues which had angered many , and was probably another ( serious ) reason to choose it . 
  but , most importantly , the result itself was funny . 
  i know i laughed . 
   the links are pretty clear russia leadership have recognized stalin crimes . 
  it is you who is spinning the crap out of your `` stalin crimes '' . 
  you obviously can not show me what i said from the very beginning : recognizing , apologising and reconciling the atrocities the red army did in poland . 
  the reason for your inability is very simple : it has not happened . 
  just as i said from the very beginning . 
  instead of actually showing me where that has happened you 're spinning russian 's saying stalin was a bad guy and did bad things as a wholesale coverage for everything - which is simply insane . 
  it 's like instead of recognizing , apologizing and reconsiling the holocaust and other atrocities germany had just said `` okay , hitler was bad guy , and there 's that . '', 
  and then you guys whine because many dislike russia . 
  russia could do with some common decency . 
  over & out . 
  except for this one more stupidity of yours :  nice cherry picking , that part is read what putin said and what it was about . 
  yep , that map is from the 30k survey . 
  iirc there were plans to have a 50k or 60k survey but when the time came we all somehow failed to actually go about it and it just did n't happen . 
  maybe we lost the key redditors who had done all the work before or something . 
  and now we have passed 350k , and a lot has happened since july 2013 . 
  would be fun to have a new survey . 
  maybe we could hit the headlines again : [ europe survey says swedes are hot , vatican city is rubbish and french accents are silly ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/07/21/europe-survey_n_3631788.html ), 
   all those atrocities are under stalin crimes ( a georgian on his orders )   they have recognize his crimes merely saying that stalin was bad guy is certainly not the same as actually recognizing , apologising and reconciling the atrocities the soviets committed in occupied poland against polish civilians . 
  and if all those atrocities have been officially recognised as you claim then please do list them regarding poland . 
  list them right here :  the occupation of indians lands also or the repression of filipino nationalist movements are not true now ? 
  irrelevant to what putin said in your link . 
   it 's government maybe but not the people and not the food , not the beautiful historic architecture , not the landscapes , not the pictoresque villages , not the wines , not the music , not the ... what is there to hate about hungary anyway ? 
  right , orban , his gov and his policies - but in historic timescales that is just a blink of an eye and will pass . 
  an objective fact according to the [ relevant surveys ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gc8nbrs.png ) .
