  i think that they 've identified them on the basis of passports ( not all migrants/refugees throw away their passports ) or on some other basis . 
  although i will add that this ` identification ' will be on a provisional basis , with the member states harboring these people ultimately deciding on the facts . 
  in each case : frontex seems to be the entity responsible for the rough data . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  certainly not frontex . 
  their job is not to determine anyone 's refugee status , and they 're not in charge of any asylym procedures . 
  they monitor the illegal border crossings and according to frontex there were `` more than 880 000 illegal border crossings detected in greece in 2015 . '', 
  and as frontex refers to them as * migrants * they have not determined them to be refugees nor registered them as such . 
  looks like my original questions remain without answers . 
  here 's what frontex said about the greece route :  the percentage of declared syrians among all of the migrants landing on the greek islands has fallen considerably in the last several months . 
  although the share of migrants who declared being from syria stood at 56 % in the entire 2015 , they accounted for 39 % of all the migrants arriving in greece in december . 
  their share of the monthly detections stood at 43 % in november and 51 % in october . 
   `` with an increased presence of frontex and additional greek officers , we 're seeing improved screening of migrants , which means that the number of people who were able to claim false nationality has been reduced , '' said frontex executive director fabrice leggeri . 
   `` it is important to note , of course , that frontex can only help to assess the nationalities of the arriving migrants and the likelihood that some of them may be in need of protection . 
  but frontex is not in charge of asylum procedures and our figures do not indicate who ends up applying for asylum . ''  frontex currently deploys nearly 400 officers and other staff assisting in registering migrants on the greek islands . 
   while the percentage of syrians has dropped , the share of iraqis among the monthly arrivals in greece increased over the last quarter to 25 % in december , more than double the 11 % in october and 12 % in november . 
   the average share of afghans represent between one quarter and one third of the total number of detected migrants at this external border . 
   there were more than 880 000 illegal border crossings detected in greece in 2015 . 
   but apparantly 90 % do classify as refugees . 
  that being : 90 % that entered greece until the date of the report above . 
  how was their refugee status determined , and by whom ? 
  are they now registered as refugees in the eu ? 
  who has them registered ? 
  additionally , this caught my eye in the article :  afghans have a high chance of getting asylum in the eu while iraqis and syrians have more than a 75 percent chance . 
  where in the eu do iraqis have `` more than a 75 percent chance '' to get an asylym ? 
   arrived by sea in the eu in december in greece . 
  all the figures in the article are about arrivals to greene in dec 2015 . 
  earlier thread on the subject : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/430a5v/sweden_prepares_to_deport_80_000/, 
  this video caught my eye earlier today : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8fmg86zsty do you know if it 's true what it says ? 
  the professor will get reprimanded for that ? 
  and do they run arch linux ? 
   the authors do examine the role that parents ' birth country had on crime rates and find that it is a `` comparatively unimportant factor in the generation of crime among children of immigrants in sweden '' . 
  yet they provide no evidence whatsoever to back up their claim . 
  what does `` comparatively unimportant '' even mean ? 
  they give nothing , they just claim . 
  and then they omit the data without giving any explanation or reasoning why do that . 
  that is not how research or science works . 
   there was nothing that stood out as methodologically flawed ( i do n't do this kind of research though , so i ca n't comment on whether the approach adopted is the most appropriate for the subject ) . 
  the extensive use of data ( more background data on the individuals under study ) makes this study particularly valuable . 
  yet there is a basic flaw so obvious it simply baffles me you fail to see it . 
  read the paper and try to answer these simple basic questions : 1 . who are the * sampled * migrants ? 
  2 . where are they from originally ? 
  3 . what % of them originate from finland ? 
  nordics ? 
  europe ? 
  asia ? 
  4 . how do crime rates differ between those groups of immigrants ? 
  the obvious flaw of the study is that it does not tell you anything about differences between immigrant groups . 
  yet we do know there actually are vast differences in crime rates and crime types between different immigrant groups . 
  and even worse , the researchers say they have such data but they have decided to * simply omit * it , and they give no reasoning whatsoever for such omission . 
  instead they simply make one big generalization of all immigrants . 
  this was my original claim backed up by research :  compared to native finns the crime rate of rape is 13 times higher by men immigrated from middle-east or north-africa ( mena ) . 
  and that is after accounting for sociodemografic factors such as age , income , and housing - those factors do not explain the fact that immigrants from those regions are far more likely to commit rape in finland than native finns or immigrants from other parts of the world . 
  there obviously * is * overrepresentation of certain immigrant groups in the crime statistics , even when you account for sociodemographic factors . 
  for example , men from mena are far more likely to commit rape than other immigrant groups or native finns . 
  it is a myth that there are no differences in crime rates and crime types between immigrants and native population , additionally there are * huge * differences between immigrants with different origins . 
  i also can not see how you can claim that the study you linked is `` particularly valuable '' . 
  it 's basically one big generalization pretending all immigrants are the same and should be studied as such . 
  the paper does not tell much and does not give answers to basic questions such as who , what , how , why ? 
  and answers to those would be of interest to a criminologist or a policy maker . 
  thanks !, 
  so , after reading the paper , basically they contradict the previous studies in sweden ( showing significant gap between crime rates of native population and immigrants even when accounting for socioeconomic factors ) by introducing additional socioeconomic factors into their model such as parents ' education ( which is uncertain in case of immigrants ) and number of siblings in order to have less gap between immigrants and native population . 
  and even after all that there 's still overrepresentation of children of immigrants in the crime statistics . 
  which they then try to pin on `` outright discrimination '' in the legal system . 
  also , they set out to investigate '' * why * the gap in ( recorded ) criminality between children of immigrants and children with a swedish background arises , we analyze register data that include all individuals who completed compulsory schooling in the greater stockholm area between 1990 and 1993 . '', 
  yet what they actually do is add socioeconomic factors into their model until it manages to cover most of the gap . 
  then they seem to proclaim victory `` we are able to explain between half and three-quarters of the gap '' , and pin the rest on `` outright discrimination '' . 
  they really do n't seem to give a good answer to their own question why . 
  i 'd like to ask you this once more : is the methodology particularly well-conducted and reliable in your opinion ? 
   i have read the paper . 
   you 're free to read the paper if you want . 
  nope , i 'd want to read it but it 's paywalled for me . 
  but as you have read it could you please describe their exact methodology ? 
  i already asked about their methodology previously but you somehow avoided that question . 
   yet you seem to demand from me an entire plan of action and as long as i do n't deliver it you see my argument as somehow incomplete . 
  well , it actually is incomplete , is n't it ? 
  because you presented no plan at all . 
  wan na be a billionaire ? 
  everyone can be a billionaire with my simple plan : 1 . everyone can turn into a billionaire . 
  5 . now you 're a billionaire . 
  it 's easy when you plan it !, 
   which means that you do n't have to trust me , have little reason to distrust the quality of the study and wo n't have to read the whole article to find the relevant bits just to be clear : so you 're saying you have n't actually read the paper at all ? 
  and yet here you are citing it ? 
  and you 're claiming that the abstract is all we need to know ? 
  that is exactly why no-one should do research by wikipedia . 
   denmark will survive this deluge of negative international press . 
  its image has been hurt , but not seriously damaged . 
  denmark has a huge credit of goodwill . 
  it must be attentive to the world 's reaction . 
  however , in an effort to change the perception it should not , i repeat , it should not start writing explanatory `` letters to the editor '' , like the worst human rights offenders do . 
  what an condescending prick . 
  denmark has done nothing wrong , and if anything should be condemned it 's the idiotic `` deluge of negative international press '' which has been out of place with little fact behind it . 
  some of it has reminded me of their behavior couple of years ago when the international press was expressing misplaced outrage over a [ butchered giraffe in denmark ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/02/140210-giraffe-copenhagen-science/ ) . 
   like i said , it 's one country-specific study and it 's unavailable to me in english . 
  if what you say is true , that 's an interesting finding . 
  yes , it is true , and it is not the only such study in finland - over here we have n't yet totally succumbed to the pc ideology preventing registering criminal 's background in statistics . 
   it certainly runs contrary to much other research . 
  no , it does not . 
   for one specific study , i did link to the relevant one on sweden , though of course you ignored that just as you 're going to ignore the large literature cited on the wiki page . 
  and what is it that you find especially notable in this study ?
