  those ideas and economic philosophy had a perfectly good and indeed very descriptive name : * neoliberalism * , which very well captures the ideas . 
  now as neoliberalism has been deprived from its original meaning , and not only changed but all but turned into a mocking * complete opposite * , there is no descriptive name left for those ideas and economic philosophy . 
  what 's left are non-descriptive names such as ` leftist ' or ` socialist ' model , which do not actually describe the economic philosophy behind it at all - but gives very wrong ideas about it , its origins , and in fact to an extent even mocks it . 
  when things lose their names , often also their very existence starts to erode over time . 
  now there actually exists people who think that there is no real economic philosophy behind our economic model , and that it 's just a mangled ad-hoc set of taxes , income transfers and regulations randomly invented by liberty-hating leftists just to restrict people 's economic liberties . 
  now those people get called ` neoliberals ' , as if there was an actual philosophy behind their misunderstanding . 
  as i said in finland we have a wide consensus among politicians from left to right to keep our model and improve it . 
  the biggest threat to our model 's existence is not globalization , not the eu , not our current politicians , but the ever spreading misunderstanding of our model 's origins and philosophy among general populance . 
  now they are ` neoliberals ' , and they do vote . 
  it is a sad development where the economic philosophy to support and defend our model has lost its name , and indeed has been turned into a complete opposite . 
  edit : i took my time to give an comprehensive answer to your question . 
  thanks for the downvote , pal . 
   actual individual human beings , not some kind of media caricature , telling their personal stories . 
  such concept is threatening to a mindset that 's based on such caricatures and falsehoods . 
  hence the voting behavior . 
  viruses of mind work like that with their programming . 
  oh / r/europe , you used to have random raids from stormfront but looks like more than that these days . 
   is there a breakdown of costs per country and/or area ? 
  not yet . 
  the budget allocates maximum amounts for each heading of expenditure , and many of those are not directed to specific countries but are funding to be applied for ( e.g. 
  social , science funding etc ) . 
  only after monies have been applied for and spent will we know the total amounts actually received by different countries/areas . 
  here 's the [ budget 2014 in figures ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/2014/2014_en.cfm ) . 
  please note that the site has not yet updated the draft with the final figures approved on tuesday . 
  tends to be a common problem to ex-empires . 
  permanent austerity everywhere !, 
  but perhaps except trinkets , baubles , and spangles . 
  an intresting read . 
  thanks for posting . 
   it 's not about liking or disliking . 
  the question is if there is enough labor mobility to balance instabilities created by common currency . 
  there clearly is not . 
  ( i think you misread or misquoted my comment , but nvm . ), 
  `` not enough '' is not the same as not happened - as in nonexistent . 
  you said it has n't happened and that it 's missing , but clearly there is and has been mobility by millions . 
  so instead of seeing it as black and white issue where only a perfect solution is granted the right to exist what would you suggest to encourage labour mobility , what is your idea of current numbers , what is your number for enough , and how do you determine it ? 
   there is no solidarity among eurozone countries . 
  the solution for problems created by common currency is to either have common fiscal policy or to exit euro . 
  sure , it 's just my total lack of solidarity at play . 
  yet i do n't see things as black and white as you seem to suggest there . 
  are you sure only those two options exist ? 
   if finland has boom while germany is in regression , low interest rates inflate bubble in finland . 
  when things change and germany has boom , ecb increases interest rates making finnish recession deeper . 
  wait what ? 
  how did you suddenly get finland from a boom into a recession in zero steps ? 
  looks like some crucial steps are missing from your train of thought there . 
  counterexample : remember when germany was the sick man of europe ? 
  gdp of germany : 2001 +1.5 % 2002 +0.0 % 2003 -0.4 % 2004 +1.2 % meanwhile in finland : 2001 +2.3 % 2002 +1.8 % 2003 +2.0 % 2004 +4.1 % when germany stagnated/recessed did low interest rates inflate a bubble in finland ? 
  is such an absolute outcome of your scenario ? 
   if you 're just going to copy-paste from wikipedia at least paste everything . 
  yes , most already know that neoliberalism has become a swearword . 
  jrohila 's point was that it is a sad development to deprave the term from its original meaning as it was used to mean a market economy under the guidance and rules of a strong state , a model which came to be known as the social market economy - which is the prevalent model in europe . 
  of course not . 
  yet according to krugman the japan-like deflation was clear and present danger in 1998 . 
  if you look back the obvious conclusion to draw is `` did n't happen '' , and what is happening now does not save his failed prediction . 
  similarily the ez is not eternal and will break up sometime in the future - maybe in 20 years , or maybe in 1000 , or whatever - but that will not make krugman 's failed prediction correct . 
   you know what i mean , the efficiency of public services is judged by how well they serve society . 
  i 'm sure there are many measures of efficiency of public sector , but serving society is too vague to the point of being meaningless as a measure . 
  concepts used in measuring efficiency and productivity , also in the public sector , are for example : labour input , labour productivity , total input , total productivity , and output . 
   movements of goods has happened somewhat but eu countries lack homogeneous preferences for goods and this limits the movement . 
  eu is trying to harmonize products with standards and people everywhere are complaining . 
  so free movement of goods is happening . 
  perhaps it 's just not happening in a way you like . 
   we are missing is : labor mobility , it is happening in millions , and clearly not missing . 
  but in your opinion it 's just not happening enough . 
   an automatic fiscal transfer mechanisms ( common fiscal policy and taxation for example , not just emergency measures ) no thanks . 
  and i 'll be likely voting against that for the foreseeable future . 
   similar business cycles ( boom in germany while finland descends into recession would put finland into same position as spain very fast ) . 
  and that scenario should happen because ... ? 
  and that consolidating the public sector is * likely * to 1 ) enhance the sector 's own productivity and thereby 2 ) positively contribute to overall economic performance . 
  so according to the paper there likely is at least `` some kind of '' correlation . 
  but it is not by all means a straightforward one , and comparisons are complicated by the fact that the public sectors do vary between countries for example in their sizes , responsibilities , services , efficiency and productivity . 
  yet according to the paper on average small governments seem to be more efficient . 
   from the scarcely available empirical literature it seems that public sectors in the euro area perform rather poorly on average . 
  production frontier analyses of government outputs and inputs reveal that the us and japan are among the most efficient countries , while euro area member states in general lie well inside the production possibility frontier , implying that much less input would be required to achieve the same output . 
  however , there are remarkable differences across european countries , some of which clearly outperform the us . 
  there is no straightforward relationship between the size and the structure of government and its economic performance , although it seems that small governments are on average more efficient than large governments . 
  this evidence must be assessed cautiously , however , as the size of government is not just related to efficiency , but also to the scope and quantity of services provided . 
  just for the record i do support the nordic welfare model my country has . 
  but that does not mean that i do n't see room for improvement in its efficiency and productivity . 
  during last decade productivity in state government has not improved but stayed pretty much the same , and at the same time in municipalities productivity of public sector has been going down . 
  there obviously is room for improvement , and consolidation is one of the possible remedies . 
  i see only a comparison with the us gdp . 
  kinda limited as comparisons go imo . 
   economists warned that eurozone would fulfill only one criteria for optimal currency area ( free movement of capital ) and that happened . 
  free movement of people and goods has n't happened ? 
  ah , the old bait and switch thing . 
  lol , funny how only some of the assertions from * the very same paper * gets upvoted . 
  cake , let 's eat it and keep it . 
  but interesting paper . 
  thanks for linking . 
   in particular , one of the reasons why he has argued that the eurozone is not an optimal currency area is indeed that there supposedly is n't any labour mobility between european countries . 
  the fact that millions of eu citizens are currently working in other eu member states seems to have bypassed him and other critics of the euro . 
  indeed . 
  and that persistent oversight of his goes way back - [ krugman 1998 ] ( http://web.mit.edu/krugman/www/euronote.html ) : * europeans are reluctant to move even within their countries , let alone across the many language barriers . 
  * ` cockroach ideas ' , eh ? 
   i also get them when i point out that the ecb ca n't go for an interest rate of 4 % because it is against the ecb rules or that a treaty change will take ages , if ever and it will most likely the north will vote no to permanent transfers and paying off someone else 's debt . 
  yep . 
  seen that happen quite often . 
  strange world where stating a fact gets downvoted .
