  i did n't expect them to reach this level of maturity so quickly . 
  what maturity ? 
  the tank relies everything on electronic sensors . 
  sensors that were to be imported . 
  a blind tank is a useless tank . 
   does it bother you your movies are dubbed ? 
  no , as i rarely encounter movies that are dubbed with the only exception being some kid 's cartoons . 
  and i do n't who watches dubbed movies anyway nor why . 
  sounds like pretty silly proposition to miss most of the acting . 
  but if some like it that way , then it 's their loss and not my problem . 
  edit : almost forgot , the few movies i have seen as dubbed were some porns dubbed in german . 
  this was in the breaking years of home vcrs in the early '80s . 
  that was awful . 
  actually , mere awful does not even beging to describe how bad it was . 
  and the lesson i learned already at that young fragile age is to never watch anything dubbed - and especially not if it 's a porn . 
  a preteen struggling with fapping while they go * ooh * and * aah * in german out of sync is fuel for nightmares not sexual fantasies . 
  some say the easy method to make you last longer is to think about banalities such as baseball or such . 
  for me the easy method to go limp is to think about dubbing it in german - all those ooh 's and aah 's with close-ups of hairy bits left a permanent trauma , which probably was their purpose in the first place . 
  yet there is one exception to the rule . 
  there actually is one movie that i prefer as a dubbed version . 
  it 's the hilarious and beautiful italian animated movie , a masterwork by bruno bozzetto , * allegro non troppo * . 
  i very much prefer the version dubbed in swedish . 
  so , here 's to the genius of bruno bozzetto - * valse triste * by sibelius animated by that amazing italian animation genius : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xc1ifm_allegro-no-troppo-valse-triste-1977_shortfilms, 
  indeed . 
  to me that straightforward policy sounds far more simple than for example closing the most affected border crossings . 
  beats me why we did n't implement that already weeks ago when norway did it as asylym seekers were riding on bikes to norway to dodge the border policies . 
  they 're entering from a safe country so back you go , which is not a violation of asylym agreements but very much what it 's about in the first place . 
  what baffles me here is not so much how the asylym seekers are trafficed or by whom , but the exceedingly slow response by the finnish politicians . 
  in fact they still have n't responded in any meaningful way . 
  and the interior minister petteri orpo just couple of days ago pretended to be baffled and surprised when actually the situation has been going on for months already and the finnish border guard has been very vocal about it for a long time . 
  yet from politicians we get reactions such as orpo pretending to be surprised , and the foreign minister soini making unrealistic declarations such as closing the border . 
  and all that while all they should do is to implement the same quick return policy as norway did long ago , and finland should have followed the suit right after . 
  after norway changed its policies the migrant wave from russia turned to northern finland , and has been escalating over there . 
  there 's plenty of evidence that asylym seekers are appearing on the border by human trafficing and that it is a concerted effort possibly run by russian mob or some other organizations . 
  late as always the finnish minister of interior petteri orpo just noted that [ `` something has changed at the russian border '' ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/orpo_jokin_venajan_rajalla_on_muuttunut/8612195 ) * the minister of the interior petteri orpo is baffled about the asylym seekers entering the russia 's border zone . 
  that could not happen without the approval of the officials , he says * meanwhile a russian border guard says it 's run by the russian fsb : [ russian border guard to stt : russian security service behind northeast asylum traffic ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/russian_border_guard_to_stt_russian_security_service_behind_northeast_asylum_traffic/8620174 ) * finnish news agency stt reports a russian border guard 's confession that the transport of asylum seekers to finland 's two northeast border crossings is being orchestrated by the russian federation 's federal security service , the fsb . 
  families with children are given priority , the source said . 
  finnish authorities have suspected for some time that the transfer of asylum seekers from russia to finland has been part of a carefully organised operation . 
  * anyway , whoever it is running the show i 'd rather have it stopped before it gets an even bigger problem . 
  norway did well by implementing the quick return policy which stopped most of the human trafficing . 
  i do n't know but their worth is infinite as per the bishop . 
   similar capability the only russian fighter jet even approaching similar targeting capabilities and accuracy of most of the western fighters is the su-34 introduced in march 2014 . 
  and the only reason for that level of precision is the french built thales democles pod purchased by russia in 2012 to be fitted in the su-34 . 
  the problem with that aircraft is not only its total dependancy on imports , which are currently subject of the export ban , but it also suffers from high maintenance/flight hour ratio of about 4:1 . 
  that 's why even if russia has some su-34 's in syria only few of the bombings and of the bombing footage is by them . 
  you can easily tell the difference by just looking at the footage and the results . 
  because of the french sensors the difference between the relatively rare foortage by su-34 's and other russian aircrafts is like night and day . 
  most of the russian footage is simply awful : low resolution , low dynamics , looking like it 's from the '80s . 
  and their accuracy leaves a lot to hope for when you look at the bomb craters beside the actual targets such as oil trucks , or that video where russians are bombing an oil refinery with a bomb hitting a sandbank of no importance whatsoever and the video proudly claiming to have targeted and hit `` an object '' . 
   what if you treated this as a political effort rather than a purely-scientific one ? 
  some sort of major achievement that required common effort and was a source of public pride ? 
  the space race did have substantial political impact , after all . 
  the cold war space race was primarily motivated by military needs and ambitions . 
  the rest , such as national prestige and political clout were side-effects . 
  the primary motivation behind all of it was military . 
  and that includes the apollo-program too - even if it was sold to public by other rhetorical means - just like every other space race program apollo had military motivations behind it . 
  it 's an eye-opener to read memos and assessments from the late '50s and early '60s about the military importance of going to the moon . 
  some of them read like they 're written by an unhinged cartoon super-villain : * send a man to the moon and then we can rule the world , let 's go to the moon and store our nukes there , if we go to moon we can control the weather systems , muhahahaha * . 
  yet however silly some of them may sound now there 's no doubt that there were military motivations behind the apollo-program . 
  that part of the space race ended in 1967 with the [ outer space treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/outer_space_treaty ) . 
  and that 's when military lost their appetite on going to the moon because :  the outer space treaty represents the basic legal framework of international space law . 
  among its principles , it bars states party to the treaty from placing weapons of mass destruction in orbit of earth , installing them on the moon or any other celestial body , or otherwise stationing them in outer space . 
  it exclusively limits the use of the moon and other celestial bodies to peaceful purposes and expressly prohibits their use for testing weapons of any kind , conducting military maneuvers , or establishing military bases , installations , and fortifications ( art.iv ) . 
  that treaty rendered the moon as useless for both the us and the soviet militaries . 
  and , as it happened , also the budget for the apollo-program started to get cut after that treaty . 
  but the program did not get cancelled as some politicans advocated , there was the respect-the-jfk-legacy effect , and anyway the crash-program to a land a man on the moon had already progressed so far that it made little sense not to do it . 
  instead the program funding got cut , and eventually the program was ended prematurely before all the planned flights had been done . 
  now some say that happened because the public lost interest . 
  but i say if there had been continuing military interest in it the program would have continued to get all the money it needed whether there was public interest or not . 
  then the next big thing became space planes , and having people working on the earth orbit . 
  those both had high military interest ( for example gaining abilities to repair/recover military satellites ) . 
   apollo is n't even terribly-recent , but politically , i believe that it casts a longer shadow than many more-recent ( and perhaps more-useful ) megaprojects . 
  the longest , and the darkest shadow apollo has cast is the mistaken notion of apollo as a model space program . 
  as a space program apollo was terrible : a costly and wasteful crash-program which left nothing to build on . 
  a dead end . 
  yet that does not change the fact that apollo was an amazing feat . 
  and it had it all : technological prowess , human ingenuity , courage , exploration , adventure . 
  in a word apollo was simply * awesome * . 
  personally , i very much love all things apollo and i 'm well versed on its history down to trivial details . 
  but even in my endless fandom i can recognize the fact that it was an awful space program : the best lesson to learn from apollo is not to repeat it . 
   actually the rafale has thus far outperformed any american jet in ew systems . 
  i have to say i find that hard to believe . 
  could you provide a source for that ? 
  f-35 's sensor system has been able to [ detect and correctly identify ballistic missile booster separation over 800 miles away ( 1300 km ) ] ( http://defense-update.com/features/2010/november/02112010_das_missile_track.html ) and set the radar to track the potential threat . 
  and it did all that automagically . 
  here 's the video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izrvafrhqzc  the f-35 is also by no means far beyond anything we 've seen then you probably have n't seen for example eots and eodas ( aka [ an/aaq -37 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/an/aaq-37 ) ) . 
  no other fighter has anything like those systems in their accuracy , acuity and integration . 
  the sensors are watching every direction around the aircraft , covering full 4\u03c0 spherically , and automagically mapping the battlespace and identifying targets and threats . 
  the video is displayed on the vizor of pilot 's helmet allowing the pilot to see through the plane . 
  here 's how it looks like : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5vucsqjy8y here 's how it works : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpkw3rkscci how pilot sees through the plane : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31ojio8evwy&amp;t=743 here 's how the system detects and cues the radar to target multiple rocket launches : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf29gbsprf4  i would n't do away with them that easy . 
  i did n't say we should do away with rafales . 
  i think they 're good planes and should be kept in service . 
   new measurements indicate that the public are being exposed , without their knowledge , to airborne ultrasound . 
  the suffering . 
  the suffering never ends . 
  even without our knowlegde we suffer . 
  we , as a society , have to end this suffering , this public menace . 
  let us get rid of all the sources of this suffering such as bats and insects with their menacing ultrasound . 
  long enough have they continued with this without the public even knowing about it . 
  it 's high time to end the suffering .
