  or are those absent from their content and replaced with state controlled propaganda ? 
  i for one do not think that not airing those channels with their lies and propaganda would be a disservice to freedom of speech as the channels themselves do not subscribe to it in the first place . 
   usa - what sanctions ??? 
  had you read and learned about the sanctions imposed so far you 'd know they do not retroactively apply to past deals . 
  * military doctrine * the discussion is about military doctrine . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` open '' in scare quotes , but a military doctrine it is not . 
  looks like the fallacy you 're aiming for is false equivalence . 
  `` cia officer '' * facepalm * paul craig roberts is an economist . 
  as opposed to the booming tourism of the previous years , and as opposed to nonsense promises how it would be even better this year . 
  as opposed to those promises this year has been quite a disappointment for those working in tourism in crimea . 
   some substance please , but spare me the empty , stupid , righteous rhetoric . 
  there 's already too much of that , which is a big part of the problem . 
  you 're so right . 
  i just spotted some of exactly that shit right in the comment above , and at length even . 
  here 's quote :  this statement is worthy of / r/wtf  wtf ? 
   just stupid . 
  not even that you wo n't go - there are plenty of places i wo n't go ( climate , diseases , safety , no interest ) , what makes it `` wtf '' is that you feel the need to proudly announce it to the world . 
  you just showed that putin !, 
   a good reason not to go to russia is the visa policy . 
  i can go to ukraine with just my passport , for russia i need an invitation ( which i can get from businesses via an internet order for not much money ) , get a visa , pay money . 
  each and every time , unless i get a multiple-entry visa , which also is more expensive and more complicated . 
  and you need at least some russian , with just english that country is no fun to travel . 
  i mean just look at all that 'em pty , stupid , righteous rhetoric ' written in multiple paragraphs . 
  and i agree the world would be a better place without superfluous crap like that . 
   the majority of tourists before were ukrainians who could just go down to the pennisula . 
  yes , before the illegal annexation by russia the tourism industry was booming in crimea . 
   now the tourists are russians who have to either fly to crimea or take the ferry . 
  right , now the only tourists are russians and there 's only few of them . 
  now , to return to my earlier question to you : ** are you sure decline in tourism is not because of lack of tourists ? 
  ** could you please take your time to answer . 
   the ferry is overcrowded . 
  one of the complaints i 've heard on twitter is that people stand up for hours before getting to crimea and then stand up hours when going back . 
  the only other to travel would be through ukraine , which is n't an option . 
  horrible , horrible . 
  illegally invading and annexing part of a sovereign country should certainly not be that burdersome to anyone , never mind to russia which promised to uphold and even protect ukraine 's independence and territorial integrity . 
  it 's just so unfair . 
   the bridge is n't a new idea . 
  yes , i know . 
  i also did mention the wwii bridge . 
  and the obvious lack of any such bridges by glorious soviet/russian engineering . 
   russia wanted it before but ukraine stalled on it since crimea is mainly pro-russian and you know they were afraid they were going to lose it . 
  what do you take me for , an idiot ? 
  the world knows about the 2010 agreement , you know . 
  perhaps it 's just you who do n't . 
   now it 's different . 
  russia controls both ends of the straits , they have the money and they also have the desire . 
  well , considering the fact that no bridge has been nor is being built i for one am not sure if they have neither of those . 
  they have n't even started yet . 
  do you actually believe such bridge would or even could be built in mere two years ? 
  three years ? 
  or even five years ? 
   the ones who will actually be doing the building will be the chinese . 
  china has been spending the past ten years in mass infrastructure projects . 
  they 've built longer and more complex bridges . 
  yes , chinese engineers could probably be able to build it . 
   yes i do think it will happen , the chinese are n't going to embarrass themselves and russia needs the bridge . 
  why would the chinese be embarassed over putin 's overtly optimistic promises ? 
   who knows what will happen . 
  that pretty much sums it up . 
   they can probably live off russia alone since their economy previously relied on tourists from ukraine . 
  since russia is bigger population wise and wealthier . 
  well , they pretty much * have to * live off russia alone . 
  in russia it has led to raising utility rates , canceling major infrastructure projects , tapping the pension funds , cutting wages of public sector workers etc. 
  and to the putin plan of crimea with blackjack and hookers . 
   either russia finances is actually some of the best in europe . 
  remember during the economic crisis when they were facing a steep recession , they still had money to loan out . 
  is the `` best in europe '' the reason no-one want 's to buy it ? 
  russia 's bond sales have been failing for months : [ putin pushes untradeable notes as bond sales fail ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-03-27/putin-pushes-untradeable-notes-as-bond-sales-fail-russia-credit.html )  ossetia and abkhazia is n't controlled by russia you know ? 
  no , i did n't know that . 
   it 's controlled by people who are loyal to russia but they run their own affairs . 
  they 're not controlled by russia , they 're merely controlled by people controlled by russia . 
  well , surely that changes everything . 
  except my point how putin glorioulsy broke his promises regarding south ossetia 's glorious future . 
  after his invasion : it 's a shithole . 
  ( i 'm not a one that likes generalisations but that actually has been and is the historical trend with russian invasions : rich country/well to do country / or even poor country -  russia invades -  russia controls -  oppressive shithole . 
  it 's as if there 's a magic touch or something . . )  crimea is actually a part of russia according to the world and also international laws : no , it is n't . 
   of course tourism would decline . 
  not because of a lack of tourists but because of infrastructure problems . 
  are you sure decline in tourism is not because of lack of tourists ? 
  because many people in the business would say that it is precisely and even * by definition * because of lack of tourists . 
  they even say horrible things like : the less there is tourists the bigger the decline , and vice versa . 
  quite awful , i know , and devastating to your reasoning too . 
  they 're probably very misguided people . 
  but thanks to you we now know the decline of tourism is not because of lack of tourists . 
  no , no . 
  the tourists are there . 
  it 's just that suddenly the infrastructure has disappeared . 
  earlier the tourism industry was booming apparently despite the infrastructure . 
  it only logically follows that now it 's declining because of the infrastructure . 
  and no , it 's not because of lack of tourists . 
   the bridge above the kerch strait will take at least two years to build . 
  do you actually believe such bridge would or even could be built in mere two years ? 
  three years ? 
  or even five years ? 
  i ca n't help but to notice that they * have n't even started yet * . 
  and the kerch strait is a very challenging place to build a bridge because of currents and ice . 
  maybe that 's one of the reasons why the last bridge lasted about six months and why it has n't been attempted again since wwii . 
  not even with the glorious soviet engineering . 
   i personally think crimea has a bright future . 
  russia has shown it 's desire to spend more on it than ukraine ever could or wanted too .
