   i 'm not doubting it may have happened but is is awful . 
  it 's a tabloid . 
  ilta-sanomat is indeed a credible news source . 
  yes it also has lot of celebricity stuff , but it 's as a news source it is credible . 
  sorry for the rt link . 
  this was the first english language article i found where this phenomenon of jointly committed sexual harassment of girls and women is mentioned by its name . 
   the federal criminal police office ( bka ) , the main investigative authority in germany , said in a response to welt newspaper it knows sexual harassment of women in public is widespread in arab countries , and that this is exactly what happened on new year 's eve in cologne . 
  collective harassment is translated as `` taharrush gamea '' ( \u062d\u0631\u0634 \u062c\u0645\u0627\u0639\u064a ) . 
    `` such crimes are committed by groups of young men ... mostly when there are large gatherings of people , such as demonstrations . 
  they range from sexual harassment to rape , '' the bka told welt . 
  or [ jatimatic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jatimatic ), 
  yes , you 're correct the issue was far more complicated than what i said in brevity , and your assessment is far better . 
  i do n't know how it works in germany , but here in finland there 's social housing in every city and anyone can move into a city and apply for such apartment . 
  then if needed the social services will give you allowance/support for paying the rent . 
  there 's nothing in the system forcing anyone to live only in a certain city/town/municipality . 
  so , first an asylym seeker lives for example in an asylym center which are all over finland as many were hastily established just recently to accommodate the recent wave . 
  if an asylym seeker gets an asylym and a residence permit he is free to move anywhere , which is often helsinki . 
  there he can apply for social housing from the city , and apply for relevant social allowance/benefits/support from the social services . 
  nothing prevents anyone moving where they fancy . 
   and my `` so i ca n't see it failed . '', 
  was related to a complete failure of immigrant integration - and that 's clearly not the case in germany . 
  of course there has n't been a * complete * failure , and it is very rare that a policy fails completely . 
  but it has n't been complete success either and there obviously has been failures . 
   merkel said that the integration for particular groups is still poor , and that the concept of a multicultural society ( which is a technical term for specific cultural theories ) , which is seen by the cdu/csu as the opposite of any integration politics , failed , integration is the correct concept and germans and immigrants should do more for it , in the same speech she supported wulff , who said that the islam is a part of germany . 
  yes , that 's how i read it too - and to me it is rather obvious that merkel was discussing failures on integration and even learning language . 
   i spoke about integration . 
  that 's also what merkel was speaking about - the failures of integrating or to learn the language :  she said the so-called `` multikulti '' concept - where people would `` live side-by-side '' happily - did not work , and immigrants needed to do more to integrate - including learning german . 
   you have to put refugees between the native population , also and especially into the rural parts of the country . 
  otherwise this will be a disaster . 
  yet in a free country one can not simply put people in a place and expect them to stay there indefinetely . 
  they will be free to move anywhere they fancy , and that means most likely to a city where their copatriots live . 
   so i ca n't see it failed merkel seems to disagree . 
  this from 2010 : [ merkel says german multicultural society has failed ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-11559451 )  mrs merkel told a gathering of younger members of her conservative christian democratic union ( cdu ) party on saturday that at `` the beginning of the 60s our country called the foreign workers to come to germany and now they live in our country . '', 
   she added : `` we kidded ourselves a while , we said : ` they wo n't stay , sometime they will be gone ' , but this is n't reality . '', 
   `` and of course , the approach [ to build ] a multicultural [ society ] and to live side-by-side and to enjoy each other ... has failed , utterly failed . '', 
   similar arguments were certainly made in finland regarding refugee centers in small towns . 
  that 's because the state gives a lot of money if a municipality takes asylym seekers . 
  it 's not like those migrants are generating added value in the local economy , it 's just the state subsidies which inject money . 
  yet according to the police reports the perpetrators were actively * preventing * police from interfering in their assaults . 
  does n't sound like they were hiding to me , and there must have been quite many perpretators to achieve that considering there were at least 80 riot police in addition to other police forces . 
  i find it very hard to believe that there were only 30 perpretators . 
  so few would not overwhelm so many police . 
  also , the police could not contain just 30 people ? 
  there were 80 riot police present in addition to numerous other police forces . 
  the situation got out of control , and there were too few police to contain the perpetrators . 
  there must have been far more perpetrators than mere 30 . 
  lol , $ current_year argument ftw . 
   what do i need to know ? 
  if you or your girlfriend decide to go outside remember to keep people at arms length . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  in sweden the sd is the scariest thing ever . 
  that and having opinions . 
  you do n't want that to happen in sweden , would be worse than the ragnar\u00f6k . 
  here 's a relevant interesting article in the journal of the finnish journalist association , a good read : http://www.journalisti.fi/artikkelit/2015/14/mielipidekytv-suurenee-ruotsin-mediassa/, 
   i would n't say that it 's a matter of puplic safety as anyone can be a predator , but there was a gaggle of 200 in one single event . 
  i 'd think the public should have the right to be informed about such threats when they go or let their children go to public events with large packed crowds . 
  despite both having public budget deficits there 's several differences between the situations of saudi arabia and russia . 
  saudi arabia 's economy is actually growing and is projected to continue that . 
  they have by far larger foreign reserves than russia . 
  and they have many economic tools available to them , some of which they have n't even felt the need to deploy yet , such as : borrowing money from the markets as they have high credit rating ( unlike russia with poor rating and limited access ) , floating their currency ( russia alrerady did that and they 're still fucked ) , cutting public spending , rising some taxes , or touching their large reserves . 
  saudi arabia 's budget for 2016 has been planned assuming an average oil price of about $ 30 ( $ 29 . some ) . 
  russia is still living in denial about the oil prices and they assume much higher prices in their budgetary plans ( they 've been changing so rapidly that i do n't remember if their last assumption was average of $ 60 or $ 50 ) . 
  that is disgraceful and a failure to uphold his duties . 
  as a police chief his duty should be to report and inform the public about observed threats to their safety . 
  and there i was just today [ discussing the overtly narrow swedish opinion corridor ( * \u00e5siktskorridoren * ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/40bn33/a_translation_of_a_text_made_by_the_danish/cyt6ifr?context=3 ) . 
  but i never realized it was this bad . 
  a police chief committing self-censorship in order to maintain the opinion corridor and against his duties willingly failing to report information relevant to the safety of the public and their children . 
  that is so fucked up that i do n't even . 
  the soviet union is the first thing that pops into my mind but even that is not the correct parallel here . 
  that guy 's modus operandi is even worse . 
  * ... tibia yet no matter how she tried she simply could ' t hide that the most prominent thing was her ... *, 
  * there once was this girl called lybia and notable was her ... *, 
   the guys that sold a lot petrol to italy . 
  so lybia is a man 's name ? 
  til , lybia sounded very feminine to me . 
  lybia who ? 
   would love some reference for this stuff , i know that this is the general idea about nato but i have never heard that it was similar before we joined eu . 
  sorry , i 'm unable to dig for english sources , but here 's an in-depth one in finnish : http://www.hs.fi/kuukausiliite/a1446527021833 i can not say why you have never heard of it before . 
  pretty much common knowledge , and probably is mentioned at least in the biographies and memoires by the swedish politicians/diplomats of the time . 
  and that 's water under the bridge , but margot wallstr\u00f6m is correct about what she said about the suspicion . 
   als you guys went all in with the euro and all  ah , but that was a different matter altogether : your gov had the foresight to have two separate referendums on the eu and the euro membership . 
  we only had one referendum which meant that with the eu membership we also accepted the euro . 
  technically , what you did is not supported by the treaties but it was a smart thing to do indeed . 
  is of joke ever heard of a joke ? 
  a joke is a display of humour in which words are used within a specific narrative structure to make people laugh now you know what is of joke, 
   the eu can not solve problems because it does not have the power to , and we 're thankful for that . 
  if anything in the past few years the eu has demonstrated that it should not be given such powers . 
  which is pretty rich coming from a former federalist such as me . 
  who the hell is lybia ? 
  go home blatter , you 're corrupt . 
  no , sorry , i take that back . 
  go to jail : go directly to jail . 
  do not pass go . 
  do not collect $ 200 . 
   it 's kind of nebulous . 
  most social definitions are nebulous . 
  who exactly are the rich ? 
  what does rich mean ? 
  how do you even define that as i feel rich even if i have little assets ? 
  impossible .
