  but the * symbol * remains still in use and it appears in flags etc. 
  could you then show us what `` nazi imagery '' has he posted ? 
  because in the swedish media i have seen a pic of the historic warplane and a cartoon mocking neonazis , both of which are not `` nazi imagery '' . 
   nazi imagery the image of the rare historic warplane is not `` nazi imagery '' . 
  swedish media also seems to present this as an example of `` nazi imagery '' he has posted : http://hbwebben.se/material/2015/10/hitler-troja.jpg yet in fact it 's a cartoon * mocking * neonazis . 
  well spotted . 
  the image in the article is indeed of the only surviving brewster buffalo in the world ( bw-364 ) which on itself is a very interesting plane and a remarkable piece of history . 
  but the image posted on the facebook is actually this : http://gfx.aftonbladet-cdn.se/image/21513891/595/normal/3cf0ac6785198/janzon-hakkorsbild.jpg which is another interesting piece of military aviation history . 
  that warbird is a hurricane mk.ii , or mk.xii . 
  the plane is owned and flown by british hurricane enthusiast phillip lawton . 
  he lives in finland and decided to honor the finnish air force by painting his hurricane in faf colors as in the wwii finland had several hurricanes . 
  the paintjob is that of hurricane mk.ii hc-465 in the faf service during the wwii . 
  that particular plane was originally built in the uk , entered service in the royal air force as z2585 , and in the war it served in the 316 squadron of polish volunteers . 
  in december 1941 the plane was shipped to the soviet union as material aid , and it entered service in the soviet air forces on the finnish front . 
  in february 1942 it crash landed on a frozen lake , was captured as damaged , and after refurbishment it entered service in the finnish air force as hc-465 . 
  so the plane had a quite colourful history . 
  hc-465 was the last hurricane in faf service and also the last one to fly in finland . 
  the last flight happened may 31 1944 . 
  and to commemorate that phillip lawton painted his hurricane as hc-465 , and has flown his hurricane at airshows in finland and also in sweden . 
  the plane itself is not the hc-465 but a different one originally manufactured in canada ( mk.xii ) . 
  the plane entered service in the rcaf in 1942 , but suffered a crash in 1943 near pender island , bc . 
  the wreck was found in 1990 , and after years of work and over 1.5 million euros it is now one of the very few flying hurricanes in the world . 
  here 's a video of the plane flying with a faf hornet last year in oulu , finland : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euaaqgaah28  i have to believe no one would be so stupid as to associate a history photo of an aircraft with some endorsement of nazism ... . right ? 
  apparently some seem to . 
  which is ridiculous . 
  the faf swastika has nothing to do with the nazi swastika . 
  it has a completely separate origin and dates back to times * before * the nazis . 
  what 's even funnier is the fact that the faf swastika was brought to finland from sweden . 
  in 1918 swedish count eric von rosen gave finland the first aircraft of the finnish air force and flew with it to finland . 
  he had painted his personal symbol of luck on the plane : a blue swastika . 
  and that became the insignia of the faf . 
  and the same swastika is still used as a symbol in faf , and can be seen in unit flags etc. 
   yeah i 'm the the one misrepresenting things here . 
  you 're reading it wrong . 
  just stop . 
   the title states that `` russian media asked at the start of the week . . '' yes . 
  ntv is russian , ntv is media , hence it 's russian media . 
   `` the media '' is not a singular entity first of all neither did it ask ask for anything from it 's readers . 
  there is no `` the media '' in it . 
  you 're intentionally misrepresenting , aka strawmanning again . 
  wtf is wrong with you and your inability to get simple facts straight ? 
  the article does not make such claim . 
  looks like you 're inventing stuff and then arguing against it , that 's called strawmanning . 
  there was a criminal investigation but eventually charges were dropped . 
   so article describes russian media as comically retarded by quote mining and combinining a dozen different articles explaining a dozen perspectives as if it 's a single one . 
  cool story bro . 
  it does n't . 
  the article is very clear about the sources and the claims in them . 
   i read rg and tass linked in the article , there is not mention of `` russian media urging russians not to travel to finland '' . 
  the article very clearly says that was done by russian news channel ntv on 29th september . 
  i do n't know why you 're arguing that it was n't on rg or tass . 
  no-one has claimed it was , and your objection sounds like strawmanning to me . 
  what makes old data more relevant now ? 
  nothing wrong with some contact . 
  if it happens in ice hockey . 
  could be legit research . 
  many people read pornhub just for the articles . 
  that is exactly why i keep the  2 m distance . 
  most likely you just had a bad dream . 
  no translation ? 
  that part used to be finland . 
  sad story . 
  [ that 's it !, 
  cheese !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7rzsslub6u ), 
  but i heard you already have a significant increase of new folks into your country : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/more-refugees-to-arrive-in-ireland-as-scheme-operational-1.2733122 not original if other countries gave the same . 
  lahti - the chigago of finland . 
  you need to put those pictures in context . 
  firstly , they 're often from urban areas with well-to-do middle class people , and probably not representative of other regions such as the countryside . 
  a picture taken on a university campus in kabul is not representative of what is happening outside . 
  secondly , during the cold war the setting in me countries often was basically secular leftists versus religious islamists versus authoritanian rule . 
  many times the secular left did win and got to rule for some time , but eventually they lost almost everywhere for various reasons ( incompetence , having only support of selected urban population , armed resistance , coups , end of monetary support from the soviets etc , etc ) . 
  for example , what is now called the islamic revolution in iran was not actually islamic but leftist - after the fact it got hijacked by islamists and they proceeded to persecute and kill secular leftists accordingly . 
  also , you have probably seen this video from 1958 with the egyptian president gamal abdel nasser making his audience laugh at the muslim brotherhood 's demand that women should wear hijabs : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx4rk8bj2w0 people often show that as evidence of how liberal egypt used to be but otoh it is a selected audience , and the video also proves that even then there was islamists with their ideology and demands . 
  yeah there is no such thing as `` crisis '' . 
  it 's just a word . 
  a country nearly defaulting , or having 50 % youth unemployment is not a `` crisis '' - it 's an opportunity . 
  seriously , what does `` crisis '' even * mean * ? 
  try saying `` crisis '' repeatedly in a row and you 'll see it 's all just nonsense . 
  the new development is that the pm says she 's considering it . 
  the initiative itself is just some well-intented nonsense unlikely to actually happen . 
  but as it is with gifts it 's the thought that counts and it is the idea that is indeed heartwarming . 
  and more importantly it makes me think what could be the awesome gift finland could give norway . 
  why are you such a scalp hater ? 
  scalps are perfectly normal , everyone has a scalp . 
  so the police enforces the law as they should , but governing party syriza prefers to have their project above the law . 
  such behavior does not belong to democracy , that 's how authoritarian govs work . 
  good thing the police upheld their duty to enforce the law , and if syriza want 's to change the relevant laws they can do so democratically . 
   i do n't think there is anything more to it let 's not pretend to be totally naive here . 
  i do n't think michel barnier is the only one in the eu with relevant experience . 
   who did they expect to lead the negotiations for eu ? 
  nigel farage ? 
  this mentality is how you end up with * politics without options * : by pretending that there 's only the chosen option and by presenting sillyness as other options . 
  do n't do that . 
  we do n't know how michel barnier got chosen to his position . 
  all we know is juncker picked him . 
  it 's not like there was only nigel farage or michel barnier to choose from . 
  yup , it 's a legit piece of traditional headgear . 
  of course it 's not the * only * piece of traditional headgear in finland and there 's a multitude of different regional examples . 
   not involved in the far-right scene then he was not a `` rw extremist '' .
