  so if there is a single battle to be chosen as * the one * for independend finland it would be the defensive victory at ilomantsi . 
  * ) a document with the soviet prepared peace terms surfaced from russian archives in 1994 . 
  the terms included depriving finland of all its economic means , political leadership and all self-defence , sealing finland off from the outside world , interning selected population into camps etc. 
  leaving finland and it 's population totally at the mercy of the soviet occupier . 
  fortunately that fate was avoided . 
   a word of advice , being sarcastic all the time does not make you look more smart . 
  it 's just annoying and unsympathetic . 
  thanks for the helpful advice . 
   the spirit of the treaty has been broken the moment europe decided on sanctions . 
  are you sane , at all ? 
  well then you have to try [ kossu ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koskenkorva_viina ) sometime , although strictly speaking it is not vodka . 
  and if you do try be sure to listen to tango while at it . 
   should russia still follow the rules of the treaty it signed even though it is used against them ? 
  maybe russia should , i do n't know . 
  yeah , sure beats me too . 
  it 's like , should i follow the contract i signed a while ago and got money and perks for ? 
  i do n't know , man . 
  maybe i should not . 
  because that contract could be used against me , and i would be so much better off simply by taking whatever i got so far and then not adhering to my word . 
  / s note to self : do not make agreements with russians . 
  and polish vodka is bliss . 
  whatever russians have tried with their mimicking is pretty much crap in comparison . 
  do n't know why they 're known for it . 
  it is indeed beyond absurd to think that glorious russian empire should actually adhere to treaties it has signed and ratified . 
  and not only have them but also sends those to other countries to wreak havock and provides them with heavy armament . 
   you do understand that i made an analysis from economic perspective not legal or political one ? 
  demand for product x was \u0411 and now is 0 . 
  ** no ** , it is not . 
   the reasons are not relevant for this analysis because it 's only purpose to show you how the `` scheme '' affects the tax money . 
  okay . 
  only the things you consider relevant shall be relevant for now on . 
  lets do that . 
  great . 
  so , uhm ... how do you think it will affect your analysis ? 
   it will , it 's just not part of the my analysis or your original question . 
  i can make one that will include all the multi-level consequences of that decision . 
  but what the point ? 
  if you are antagonizing the banner i have in my flair and not the economic logic i presented which is correct . 
   more spending always needs more provision of funds . 
  there are three main ways to provide : rise the income ( taxes ) , borrow or cut spendings in other place . 
  so ... you 're claiming that not selling fruit to russia due to its arbritary ban is ` more spending ' ? 
  seriously ? 
  not everybody 's * stupid * you know . 
  furthermore : do you happen to have any data to supply for my previous specific questions ? 
  or is it indeed so that you merely invented those things by yourself ? 
  edit : yeah , i do know you have a downvote button . 
  is there any chance you could actually take your time to consider and perhaps answer any of my questions ? 
  because i think they 're rather relevant . 
  but go on writing spanish and avoiding questions if that 's what you like . 
  your claims have been rather silly from the first place and there 's no harm in comedy . 
   sanctions are a dick move either way . 
  yeah , they 're kinda supposed to . 
   being crafty with the wto rules is just playing it smart really . 
  yeah , last time russia was crafty they were sentenced to 50 bil in damages . 
  really smaaart . 
  looking forward for more craftyness . 
  poland has been one of the most adamant eu countries calling for eu sanctions . 
  and they have certainly not been ` kicked out ' . 
  perhaps it 's all funny to you because you do n't much anything about what you 're talking about . 
  such is your life . 
   demand in russia disappears . 
  oh , it was the * demand * that disappeared . 
  all of sudden no russian consumer is willing to buy polish apples . 
  the * demand * just disappeared overnight . 
  merely co-incidental with any random russian imposed reactionary policies , i suppose . 
   supply in european market increases . 
  yes , and in other markets too . 
  except in russia where consumers just lost those apples because of a random `` violation of certification and the identification of quarantine '' . 
  which means apple supply for a russian consumer just became more limited . 
  you do n't think it will have any effect on prices ? 
  no effect on russian consumers at all ? 
   since the level of demand for veggies is the same in europe and the supply have increased - the prices go down . 
  in the eu market , probably yes , prices go down . 
  but i believe the consumption varies , and to my knowledge there 's a growing trend in demand . 
  so , why do you believe `` the level of demand for veggies is the same in europe '' ? 
  or is it just something you came up by yourself to support you conclusions ? 
   the prices go down , since the income of the farmers simplified is q * p when q remains the same ( the production have n't change ) and p goes down - overall income goes down . 
  yes , for those farmers affected by the arbitrary ban by russia . 
   since the industry is subsidiesed - more subsidies are needed to mantain farmers level of income . 
  so , now according to your reasoning the whole ` industry ' must be subsidied more ? 
  therefore we all lose , muhahahaha . 
  i do n't think so . 
  could you elaborate on this ? 
  because to me the obvious loser is firstly russian consumer , which apparently is not a problem to you because russian demand for apples has suddenly ` disappeared ' . 
  and secondly possibly those farmers who had contracts with wholesarers selling their harvest to russia . 
  which contracts have now been broken thanks putin . 
   more subsidies means more governmental/eu spending , you 're still struggling with the previous steps in your reasoning where more subsidies would be actually needed . 
  not that i have anything against of using some of the hefty cap funds to support those unfortunate polish apple farmers directly affected by russia 's idiot bans . 
  i 'm sure they will have to endure losses . 
  but i do no think that would rise taxes in any eu country - let alone in the eu as you claimed . 
  and if you 're waiting for that , then you 're gon na wait for a loooong time while hurting your apple eaters in russia . 
   it will lower the prices for eu consumers but then the same money would be taken from the taxes . 
  there is no eu tax , as the eu does not do it ( not that some have n't proposed ) . 
  so , uhm ... how does your scheme actually work ? 
  consumers pay lower prices . 
  also , [ red iron ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_iron ), 
   which is funny because poland has been largely kicked out of the decision-making process . 
  uhm ... poland indeed was not in this ` decision-making process ' . 
  i can provide a list of countries involved : 1 . 
  and vegetables .
