  yet that 's exactly what it is : a simple question . 
  it is only you who for some reason * choose * to read other connotations to it such as anger - which is far from what it really is . 
   look , there are a lot of bigots that try to rebrand their opinions in a more innocent light . 
  of course there is . 
  the world is full of them , and it 's not constrained by political leanings , ethnicity , culture , gender , sexual identity or whatever . 
  you can find such people in all social groups and all continents including antarctica . 
  the only way to actually recognise if someone is trying to do that is to discuss their ideas and opinions with them . 
  and then try and see if evidence , facts and well constructed arguments could provide better ideas or change their opinions . 
  ** and if you 're not willing to give people the benefit of doubt then you have become a bigot yourself . 
  **  there are tons of people who say `` women behave differently from men '' because they feel it 's a first step in convincing people of their sexist views . 
  so when someone hears someone saying that it 's suspicious . 
  i agree with lott that it 's wrong to assume that he 's hiding something . 
  but it should raise a flag at least . 
  the point when someone 's words should raise a flag is when they actually say something actually horrible . 
  not before that in a just-in-case manner . 
  because that is a knee-jerk reaction which stifles discussion . 
  and as it is opinions and ideas we are talking about discussion is not only warranted but vital , because discussion is the way to change those ideas or opinions , to add to them , or to introduce new ones . 
   as an example : even freaking golden dawn says stuff like `` we 're not racists , we just care about our own people '' . 
  `` we 're not nationalists , we 're just patriots '' `` we 're not sexists , we just believe women are different from men '' . 
  yet that does not mean everyone else is a member of golden dawn , nor that everyone else should be treated as a potential member of golden dawn . 
   you should understand then that it 's an unfortunate reality that because of this re-branding effort anyone uttering phrasing like this might be mistaken for holding more sinister thoughts than he really is . 
  is that unreasonable ? 
  is it unfortunate ? 
  yes . 
  it is both unreasonable and unfortunate . 
  with that silly comment he is merely proving tim lott 's point . 
  lott calls it assumption creep in the article :  this shame comes from the phenomenon of what i call assumption creep -- the assumption that if you believe one thing you probably believe another thing , which you are hiding . 
  if you believe women behave differently in the real world from men , whether for cultural or biological reasons , you also ( secretly ) believe women are more suited for domestic life than careers . 
    ...   it 's just a way of making sure people who have opinions contrary to your own stay safely in their boxes -- the boxes marked `` bad people '' . 
  to actually address the issues is thus avoided , because who needs to debate with a bad person ? 
  it 's enough just to condemn them . 
  also : `` it 's amazing how people like judging . '' -- michel foucault, 
  well , it seems you have made tim lott 's points in this discussion . 
  you have carefully avoided discussing any of his actual arguments and have insisted on making up completely fictional quotes instead . 
  you describe the act of asking a simple question regarding * your * comment as anger . 
  you have been waving the racist-paintbrush around . 
  and then you go on and accuse me of being an `` active participant '' of some movement when in reality i 'm not a member of * any * movement and probably never will be . 
  tim lott discusses that . 
  he calls it assumption creep :  this shame comes from the phenomenon of what i call assumption creep -- ** the assumption that if you believe one thing you probably believe another thing , which you are hiding . 
  ** if you believe women behave differently in the real world from men , whether for cultural or biological reasons , you also ( secretly ) believe women are more suited for domestic life than careers . 
    ...   it 's just a way of making sure people who have opinions contrary to your own stay safely in their boxes -- the boxes marked `` bad people '' . 
  to actually address the issues is thus avoided , because who needs to debate with a bad person ? 
  it 's enough just to condemn them . 
   the quote was in jest because that is what lott 's argument is : `` i have this opinion and people call me racist , woe is me '' no , it is n't . 
  the word ` racist ' does not even once appear in the article . 
  how about you first read the post before discussing it . 
  it 's amazing how you seem to insist on simply making up quotes . 
   you angrily accused me i was calling someone racist . 
  no , i did not . 
  i asked a simple question and furthermore i do not know what is angry about it . 
  i asked it because in your comment you made it to look like you were quoting someone as a reply to question of examples by mr lott ( `` how about he give some actual examples ... '' ) . 
  and i still do not know who you pretented to be quoting but now it 's clear your quote was simply all made up . 
  related very interesting read : [ criticism - #jenesuispasliberal : entering the quagmire of online leftism ] ( http://theamericanreader.com/jenesuispasliberal-entering-the-quagmire-of-online-leftism/ )  `` it 's amazing how people like judging . '' -- michel foucault, 
  yes , i know what i asked you . 
  now would you please explain where did i do this :  actually , never mind , i 'm making fun of the exact thing you just did . 
  the `` i 'm not racist , how dare you call me a racist '' is the go-to response for a lot of people today . 
   actually , never mind , i 'm making fun of the exact thing you just did . 
  the `` i 'm not racist , how dare you call me a racist '' is the go-to response for a lot of people today . 
  wtf ? 
  where did i do that ??? 
  are you implying tim lott is a racist ? 
  ~ ~ could you please provide relevant definitions for discussion ? ~ ~ edit : ah , ninjaed . 
  thanks . 
   political identity is how an individual describes their political views . 
  ( democratic , authoritarian , socialist , anarchist , communist , left-wing , right-wing , etc ) with that definition my answer to your original question is : he does n't . 
  he says that he himself identifies as a ` lefty ' because he votes the leftist party ( `` i am a `` lefty '' . 
  i have voted labour all my life . 
  '' ) , and goes on by listing policies both the left and he support . 
  but he does not insist on measuring politics with a simple left-to-right spectrum , or at least i can not see him claiming so . 
  could you point to the part where he does that ? 
  to me he does the opposite of that . 
  he clearly says he has wide range of opinions which sometimes even provoke anger when discussing them . 
   identity politics is a party or candidate strategy to target a voting bloc based on its identity ( white , black , gay , catholic , slavic , etc ) well yes , identity politics has to do with social groups , and certainly can be part of election campaign strategy but that is more of a consequence of identity politics , and not really the definition of it . 
  i think stanford encyclopedia of philosophy has a good article about identy politics with a definition : [ identity politics ] ( http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/identity-politics/ ), 
   political identity mr lott sees `` identity politics '' as a part or as a root of the problem :  one very key element of the liberal left has long been under threat : its liberalism -- that is , its willingness to debate with anything outside a narrow range of opinions within its own walls . 
  and the more scary and incomprehensible the world becomes , the more debate is replaced by edict and prejudice : literally pre-judging . 
  ** identity politics is one of the most significant developments of the last 50 years , but it has led to nerves being exposed in a way they rarely were by economic issues . 
  because identity is less about politics and more about that most sensitive of human constructions , the protection of the self -- both group and individual . 
  **  ** and the more it becomes about the protection of self , the less it becomes about the back and forth of rational argument . 
  ** all the beliefs , opinions and doubts i hold are just that : they are ideas , not ironclad convictions . 
  i am not certain about any of them , and am quite willing to change my mind , as i have done many times in the past . 
  but i will not alter them if i am faced with invective rather than debate ; in fact , they will become more entrenched . 
   how ? 
  early on all they had to do was to tow some of the boats back . 
  but no , they decided to start `` rescuing '' instead . 
  enter flood of flimsy boats . 
  the smugglers even started to instruct them to sink their boats because they would be rescued . 
  and thanks to that policy far far more people have drowned on the seas . 
  some `` rescue '' operation . 
  produced more deaths . 
  stupid and disgusting . 
  the do-good idiots have blood in their hands , but they will never recognize that . 
  they actually believe they 're somehow morally superior with their idiot policy of death . 
  doubly disgusting . 
   to prove a point . 
  must be a pretty expensive point then ? 
  who pays for that point ? 
   does n't work that way anymore after wwii . 
  even with having the helsinki accords and all the protocol stuff russia just militarily invaded and annexed crimea . 
  i do n't know why so many in europe still live in denial .
