  the economy has been and is doing well and so are the taiwanese . 
  cs report numbers for taiwan 2013 : gdp 26,642 usd per adult mean wealth 151,752 usd per adult median wealth 53,336 usd per adult total wealth 2.8 trillion usd  and median household value in russia is supposed to be 871 $ . 
  there is no `` median household value '' mentioned in the report . 
  cs report numbers for russia 2013 : gdp 19,205 usd per adult mean wealth 10,976 usd per adult median wealth 871 usd per adult total wealth 1.2 trillion usd that difference between mean and median points to huge wealth inequality . 
   it is somewhat deceptive . 
  [ the actual definiton is ] ( https://www.bcgperspectives.com/content/articles/financial-institutions-growth-global-wealth-2015-winning-the-growth-game/?chapter=3#chapter3 ) :  our definition of wealth includes cash deposits , the net amount of listed securities held either directly or indirectly through managed funds , and life and pension assets . 
  such assets can typically be monetized easily . 
  other assets , more difficult to monetize and thus excluded , include real estate ( primary residence as well as investments ) , business ownership , and collectibles , consumables , or consumer durables such as luxury goods . 
  what they are looking at is liquid or easily liquidable wealth . 
  i do n't know what is deceptive about that , and they are upfront about their methodology and definitions . 
   so the fact that i own an apartment , but do n't own any stocks makes me a penniless bum . 
  only if you have no cash deposits etc. 
  and on the other hand it also means that owning a building or even several will not get counted for the very rich . 
  one of my all time favourite renditions is this one by the student chorus of the chinese university of hong kong performing it in finnish : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nahhjlhltk8 * puts critic hat on * with beautiful simplicity and chaste they capture the very essence of the hymn , and their wonderful accent adds air of universality to it - suddenly the erasing of slavery and not getting broken under oppression has a far wider meaning than that of the history of a far away northern nation . 
   it feels morally wrong to spoof a trial . 
  well , if you look at the characters involved it all makes sense : professional protester ronnie cummins , and well known liar vandana shiva . 
  not exactly people known for high morals or personal integrity . 
  what they 're doing now is not only delusional but wrong on many levels : it 's purposefully misleading , they chose hague ( the city ) for their kangaroo court solely to mislead people , and some people already believe it 's about the real court in hague ( go tell / r/organic it 's not real and get banned ) . 
  they 're parasiting on the prestige of the court in hague and demeaning the actual court . 
  their mock tribunal is a political one and we all know beforehand the outcome will be the one that 's most convenient to the loopy persons involved . 
  it 's all a big circlejerk and mock of justice with the purpose of misleading people . 
  they are only * pretending * . 
  there is no actual tribunal . 
  it 's not even trying , it 's just make-believe like praying or other such bullshit . 
  so , a bunch of enviromentalists say they are going to do a pretend `` tribunal '' as some sort of political performance in hague in october 2016 . 
  it 's all make-believe , not real . 
  what is the news here ? 
  apparently not part of the coalition effort : [ turkey 's iraq deployment not part of u.s.-led coalition : officials ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-usa-iduskbn0tn2la20151204#dt8gl6j5icvxwhqf.97 ) and the iraqi pm sounds a bit pissed : [ prime minister 's media office : the iraqi government calls on turkey to respect good neighbourly relations and to withdraw immediately from the iraqi territory ] ( http://pmo.iq/pme/press2015en/5-12-20151en.htm ), 
  i do n't know what 's so very interesting about it . 
  it 's merely the rational default position . 
  it 's mundane . 
  i have never seen a book where every word is true - never mind a booklet by an organisation with an agenda . 
  and i think such books are exceedingly rare if they even exist , albeit at least theoretically it is possible for such book to exist . 
  but if you want to believe there are plenty of such books then by all means go ahead . 
  it 's not very rational belief to hold but i 'm not going to stop you . 
  i have n't read it . 
  but i do n't believe every word in it is true either , as that would be very very * very * rare quality in any book nevermind in a booklet written by an organization with an agenda . 
  your earlier comment demonstrates how indoctrination is done by limiting opposing views : either one accepts the booklet as the truth , or is a misogynist with a silly viewpoint . 
  end of debate . 
  and that 's how it 's done be the book the bible or mao 's red book . 
  you seem to have exceedingly limited view of the booklet if you honestly believe that is the sole opposing viewpoint to its content . 
   that sounds pretty reasonable . 
  [ not sure about that . 
  thought provoking is far better with opposite viewpoints which can then be openly debated . 
  if you only provide views of one ideology as the one that 's not as much about provoking thoughts in kids but sounds more like indoctrination . 
  yup , no self-awareness whatsoever . 
  that 's what cults tend do to people 's minds as questioning the dogma is off-limits . 
  wow , neither their methodology nor their result makes any sense . 
  but fun to hear what was the hat they got their estimate from . 
  no they ca n't . 
  the reason why not is clarified in the article . 
  for those pipes it 's either the black sea or junkyard . 
  you mean this :  deputy defense minister anatoly antonov called is the `` absolute leader '' in international terrorism , and said terrorists in syria earn around $ 2 billion a year from the illegal extraction of oil that $ 2 bn is what he claims , not a confirmation . 
  and i have to say that figure does not make much sense . 
  there 's simply no way daesh could produce , refine and sell that much oil . 
  more like quarter of that . 
   i 've heard the $ 1-2b number a lot during the last few months , not just from this article . 
  here 's the best analysis i 've come across : [ inside isis inc : the journey of a barrel of oil ] ( http://ig.ft.com/sites/2015/isis-oil/ ) `` overall , isis is estimated to earn about $ 1.53 m a day '' , which is about $ 560 million a year from illicit oil . 
  that was before the operation tidal wave ii of course . 
  now it 's much less . 
  but they do have other significant sources of income such as taxation , confiscation , extortion , kidnapping , and selling stolen goods such as antiques in black markets . 
   do you think daesh has ten bucks ? 
  yes , i think daesh has ten bucks . 
  and then some . 
   christ is there like a competition today on reddit for who can make the worst possible analogies about this event ? 
  says the guy who presented this gem : * `` it is like me telling the neighbor he can not trespass onto my property , then watching him take 1 step on my yard when he cuts the corner and running over to punch him in the face . 
  '' * if there 's a competition you 're not only the leader but the very champion of stupid , irrelevant analogies . 
   the rest of your comment is a sad attempt at trying to convince me that a single fighter jet , in the most congested ( militarily ) airspace in the world , cutting for seconds through 1 mile of your airspace is some sort of indication of legitimate attack . 
  and again you roll with your perfect 20/20 hindsight . 
  like i said the fighter jet gave no indication whatsoever of its intentions . 
  looks like it 's impossible for you to even acknowledge that simple fact never mind to comprehend the implications of it . 
   are you saying that it is reasonable for the turks to think that if syria or russia were to attack them , they would send a single plane which would attack the extreme edges of their uninhabited territory , while flying in the oppsite direction of the turkish mainland ? 
  you said that just there . 
   if so , you are not a reasonable person . 
  and you 're unreasonably attempting to put words into my mouth with your loaded questions . 
  that 's not only unreasonable , it 's poor argumentation , and demonstrates your total lack of actual arguments based on fact . 
   the reason i hold them is that shooting planes down is not normal procedure for airspace violations . 
  anywhere in the world . 
  so my view is based on precedent and normal procedure , ie the opposite of basin it on hindsight . 
  again you go with the `` normal '' . 
  that seems to be your default fallback : when nothing else works claim `` normal '' . 
  the situation is not in any way `` normal '' over there , and has not been for years . 
  there 's a war going on over there , and has been for years . 
  syria has shot down turkish fighter jet , and vice versa . 
  you do n't seem to understand the concept of war at all , or you simply willingly disregard it . 
  in any case you have presented absolutely nothing of informational value in here , despite having produced tedious walls of text , so at this point of discussion i 'll just simply bail out . 
   $ 2 billion and that number is correct because ? 
  if so then the bars are wrong . 
  for example , in finland there 's already over 30,000 registered asylym seekers this year so far ( and only about 500-600 of those syrians ) . 
  the tiny bar on that map makes it look like there 's merely about 3000 or so . 
  that map is both poorly designed and inaccurate . 
  yes , is just more lies by fascist pigs like this last week : [ us accuses syria of buying oil from isis ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2015/11/26/us-accuses-syria-of-buying-oil-from-islamic-state.html ) lies , lies , degenerate imperialist always lies :  the us on wednesday accused syria of buying oil from the islamist militants of isis and imposed sanctions on a syrian businessman it claimed is at the centre of the trade . 
   the us treasury department also announced sanctions on cypriot and russian businessmen who they allege have helped syria evade international sanctions , including kirsan ilyumzhinov , the head of the world chess federation . 
   well , construction projects in russia has a significant part in the construction services . 
  of course i 'm not saying that ones in russia are the major part , but it 's large enough to hurt since russia is the largest after the domestic part . 
  it 's only about 17 % of the international contracts . 
    the growth by russian projects is a drop in the bucket  nope , they are not . 
  that 's the thing . 
  okay , turkey 's construction sector growth in 2015 has been estimated as 5.78 % . 
  how many percent of that growth is because of contracts in russia ?
