  which was a very wise thing to do indeed . 
  dart has a certain reputation , which they 're keen to uphold , and if it has so happened that they have bought your gov bonds at discount paying them some hundreds of millions at the face value is far cheaper than declining . 
  because what they can and indeed will do is perfectly legal but not pretty . 
  for some reason argentina did not understand this , and in some cases still keeps fighting the losing battle over peanuts while they have had far more pressing matters to address . 
  iirc greece paid some $ 400 million to dart at face value for the bonds they were holding . 
  and that was a good decision considering the scale of the crisis . 
   i do n't know the whole story , but slovenia has like  1b euro of guarantees for greek debt . 
  i assume other eurozone countries have it as well . 
  um ... the ez countries have guarateed cheap loans to greece . 
  meaning they , or more accurately the taxpayers of the ez countries , will pay if greece does not . 
  that 's what guaranteering other 's loans means : you get to pay if the debtor does not . 
  the only country that managed to get * collaterals * regarding the second loan package was finland . 
  i remember it raising certain amount of scorn among our peers in the ez not the least by greece acting insulted for such lack of trust on their honesty and willingness to adhere to their obligations ( never mind that greek parliamentary committee just declared those loans criminal and illegal ) . 
  the collateral is a small amount of money deposited on a closed account with the purpose that within 30 years it will grow equal to the amount of the original capital lended . 
  currently the value of the collateral in the account is about 930 million $ , and in 30 years it likely will grow to cover what we were stupid enough to lend to greece in the first place . 
  meanwhile , we 'll be cutting * our * pensions . 
   however , what is really important in my opinion , is that it made a decision with huge political implications . 
  the decision was expected and within the mandate . 
  any political implications of it are external , and if your politicians were not prepared for the obvious then shame on them . 
   who gave this authority to ecb ? 
  we did . 
  all of the ez countries . 
   who voted for the member of its board ? 
  luckily for the ez not the greeks . 
  they should not make cuts , they should spend more , they should default and start using their own peso , because argentina does so well . 
  either that or the us taxpayers should give them more money . 
  i have a nobel on something else . 
  - krugman, 
   trajectory now there 's a word i have n't heard for a long time . 
  in time of the clone wars ... no i mean in 2010 that was the most important word regarding greece 's economy : * debt trajectory * . 
  and the estimates of that . 
  accumulating debt is a bit like throwing a javelin . 
  the trajectory gets decided by what you do at the beginning . 
  and that 's what the 2009-2010 estimates told us : the longer you wait and postpone cutting your costs the steeper , higher and longer the debt trajectory will be years to come , and the more it will hurt . 
  this obvious fact should also be common sense . 
  youngsters here do n't remember that as 2009-2010 is old times for them hardly to be remembered , and demagogues do not talk about it . 
  they will only go on how the imf projections were wrong and their multipliers were wrong . 
  and they were . 
  but not without a reason . 
  those initial predictions and the multipliers were based on certain assumptions . 
  one of the most important was the assumption that greece would react to the crisis swiftly - as was needed . 
  this common sense assumption was even emphasized in the imf reports . 
  yet instead of doing that greece did not start reforms in 2009 but had not only one but * two * elections , as after the first election they were unable to form a government even as it was a bit urgent matter to start actually doing something , and things that should have been done in late 2009 or early 2010 got postponed until fall of 2010 . 
  almost a year was wasted while the debt trajectory was doing its thing and aiming to new heights . 
  those two were probably the most expensive elections greece ever had . 
  so far . 
  yet to see the costs of the sunday referendum . 
  a very good read , thanks for the links !, 
  i never knew victor yanukovich is such a great comedian . 
  true that . 
  only on hindsight can i call it a mistake , and the ecb did not break their mandate . 
  yes . 
  they should not have kept the ela going on for this long as reaching a deal was uncertain . 
  did ... did you just use * [ language domination ] ( http://satwcomic.com/talk-to-me-1 ) * first the disappointingly misleading title and now this . 
  defeated by dictionary . 
  this hurts . 
   because banks need to manage their own risks , if they fail to do so they deserve to go the way any mismanaged company goes ... to bankruptcy court . 
  how about mismanaged countries ? 
  should they manage their own risks too ? 
  one of the technicalities is the fact that the second greek bailout program expires on tuesday . 
  so , if it so happens that days later on sunday greece votes yes , and accepts the 25.6.2015 offer then we 'd be dealing with either an extension to the second bailout or a completely new third bailout - both of which will have to get accepted by the national parliaments in the ez countries . 
  and after all that has happened so far , including the greek parliamentary committee declaring the loans provided so far illegal and criminal , i think it might be unlikely for all parliaments to accept lending still more money to greece - after all they all do have their own people and countries to look after too . 
  and here i was hoping to see a big brawl between rich swedes and poor swedes kicking ass . 
  but it 's just some guy riding buses . 
  sweden , once again your * lagom * disappoints . 
   ban on transfers of funds abroad  such transfers will be assessed on a case by case basis by a special approval committee . 
  for example , urgent medical expenses and other expenses that are `` necessary to safeguard a public or social interest '' . 
  i wonder how this affects the imports and related businesses . 
   but these reforms would still `` cut '' the amount of money being spent on pensions , right ? 
  right , they would cut the amount of money spent on the pension system ( s ) . 
   so imo they are still `` cuts '' . 
  yes , they would be cuts as the amount of money spent to the pension system ( s ) would be less than before . 
  yet that does not necessarily mean a granny 's pension would be cut smaller as there are cost savings in reforming the overlapping systems . 
   does anyone have a source on the `` latest option '' from the creditors ? 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5270_en.htm the full text of the latest proposal is linked over there . 
  i think by no pension cuts he means that those reforms are possible to implement without making cuts on pensions . 
  here 's the exposure to the greek debt by country and type : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cctm-ycwiaeijiw.png article : http://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/jun/19/the-greek-debt-what-creditors-may-stand-to-lose, 
   capital controls within a monetary union are a contradiction in terms . 
  the greek government opposes the very concept . 
  [ @yanisvaroufakis ] ( https://twitter.com/yanisvaroufakis/status/615127339102531584 ) 8 hours ago , before imposing capital controls, 
   they 're renegotiating a program to which they had , and do oppose . 
  january 2015 is * not * the year zero . 
   again , the program had no clause preventing renegotiation . 
  in terms of international law , they can legally renegotiate the structural adjustment program . 
  please do cite that law will you ? 
   yes , because i 'm referring to the current negotiations . 
  making new demands is * not * `` making concessions '' in any rational mind . 
   the previous government had agreed to which means the state of greece has agreed to those terms . 
   like i said , you ca n't compare the structural adjustment program to that of a binding international treaty between two sovereign states . 
  the terms have been , and are open to negotiation , legally speaking . 
  what a load of crap - legally speaking . 
   new demands new demands indeed , and making those new demands is hardly making concessions as you claimed . 
   syriza are n't mandated by the actions of the new democracy government in that regard . 
  the terms of the loans are what greece has already agreed to . 
  and they have been accepted by the national parliaments in the euro zone as a condition to lending to greece . 
  changing those terms by claiming that simply by the virtue of having a new government greece is suddenly free of those terms is delusional . 
  yet there is and always has been the option of not accepting the next loan trench . 
   i do n't think you quite understand the concept of what constitutes a binding international agreement . 
  great argument you have there . 
  yet it is not me who claimed the new demands by greece are them making `` concessions '' .
