   this fearmongering of `` we need to bailout the banks first '' should stop . 
  we need to bailout the people , not the banks . 
  imf has been trying to convince cyprus ' president to let the two biggest problem banks be restructured - laiki and bank of cyprus . 
  imf proposal was that in those banks the big deposits would take a haircut of some 30-40 % . 
  that way the small insured deposits would be secured up to 100 000 $ ( i.e. 
  bailing out the people , if you like ) . 
  but if those two banks fail uncontrollably everybody loses a lot , and it would take long time to sort that mess to see who gets what and when . 
  and it would n't end there as other cypriot banks with exposures to those two banks would be seriously hit and probably fail uncontrollably too . 
  and then people with money in those banks would lose their savings etc. 
  it would be a ultimate disaster for cypriots . 
  last weekend cyprus ' president rejected the imf proposal . 
  but since then they have had the good sense to actually put laiki under restructuring . 
  now the big question is what happens to bank of cyprus ? 
  and the second biggest question is why is cyprus ' prez so heavily opposed to restructuring it ? 
  ( personal savings ? 
  rich pals ? 
  what ? ), 
  while president anastasiades has been wrestling with christine lagarde the eurogroup meeting has been rescheduled multiple times . 
  was to start at 18:00 but latest estimate is 22:00 ( now ) . 
  edit : no . 
  the eurogroup meeting has been postponed again . 
  atm anastasiades , van rompuy and barroso are having another meeting . 
  no hurry , no pressure , by all means take your time ... edit2 : ok , it 's on . 
  i reckon they 're going to need more of that pizza tonight : http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2013/3/24/1364155231872/0add822e-9b73-4795-a621-5dbeaf3a93a3-460x259.jpeg edit3 : no . 
  the eurogroup meeting has been postponed again !!, 
  perhaps even until monday morning . 
  instead yet another meeting with anastasiades , van rompuy and barroso . 
  must be difficult . 
  edit4 : ok , it 's on . 
  the eurogroup meeting starting . 
  president anastasiades just tweeted #eurogroup will start in 15 mins . 
  `` efforts are intensifying , '' he added after several hours of talks and a tantrum of resignation . 
  the word is that deposits in bank of cyprus will get up to 40 % haircut , but insured deposits guaranteed up to 100 000 $ . 
  that 's essentially the same deal that anastasiades rejected last weekend . 
  week of wasted time . 
  edit5 : it 's a deal . 
  the eurogroup accepted the bailout package . 
  http://www.financialmirror.com/news-details.php?nid=29244 but will the parliament approve it ? 
  resigning would be the nuclear option . 
  that would lead to stopping the ecb 's emergency liquidity assistance . 
  and indeed the two problem banks would then fall ( laiki , boc ) . 
  but without liquidity to help fencing it would spread and many other cypriot banks exposed would get into serious trouble and probably fall even without the looming bank run . 
  it would be the ultimate worst case scenario for cyprus . 
  why is cypriot gov so insistent about trying and saving the bank of cyprus ? 
  why ?? 
  k , sorry mate !, 
  man , what is this , srs turned into a bot ? 
   planck results stolen by americans thanks merkel . 
   the finns would rather be in a union with russia than sweden . 
  nope . 
  we even fought wars to fend off a union with russia . 
  generally , i do n't see much point in a nordic union as we already are in the same union ( sans norge ) . 
  the window of opportunity for a nordic union just is n't there any more . 
  it was open perhaps in 1930s and maybe in 1990s but not any more . 
  now it 's just a useless idea . 
  makes more sense to work together in the union we currently are in . 
  yep , the communist president made some very poor decisions : http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2012/dec/19/demetris-christofias-cyprus-sorry-state, 
  some interesting points from iceland : [ can cyprus do an icesave ? 
  the short answer is `` no . '' ] ( http://uti.is/2013/03/can-cyprus-do-an-icesave/ ), 
  i hope they do listen to this : [ cyprus bank chiefs urge parliament to pass rescue package ] ( http://www.financialmirror.com/news-details.php?nid=29235 )  the chiefs of the island 's two largest lenders , bank of cyprus and cyprus popular bank ( laiki ) have made a dramatic appeal to parliament to approve a package of eu-imposed rescue measures that include a levy on savings that should prevent a banking sector default . 
  ...  `` it should be understood by all , especially the 56 members of parliament , that from the minute it was obvious that there was no alternative , there should be no further delay in the ratification of the eurogroup 's proposal on the introduction of whatever levy on banking deposits above 100,000 euros , '' said bank of cyprus chairman andreas artemi . 
   i want to celebrate this outbreak of common sense . 
  and common sense it is . 
  but i 'll celebrate only when/if cyprus accepts . 
  last weekend they rejected that proposal . 
   guess what happens when banks open after doing haircuts ? 
  correct , bank run and bank sector collapse . 
  here 's the list of options without a possibility of a bank run : * that list has been empty since at least january , probably even for a year . 
   now that russia does n't want to bail them out alone ( though they did extend their older loan and lowered interests which is a win for cyprus ) well , russia never said they wanted to bail cyprus out anyway - and honestly , ca n't blame them for that . 
  already in january they said that rather eu and cyprus should carry the biggest burden of the bailout , and that they might help a little but only with `` certain conditions '' . 
  very good indeed if they gave an extension on their loan to cyprus . 
   i believe that cyprus 's best action course is to do what eu fears the most , get out of the eurozone and start printing its currency . 
  yeah hyperinflation and all of that , but at least it will be in their control and can pull it off . 
  besides , may attract a lot of investors since they become cheaper . 
  fwiw : i do n't think so . 
  the proposal of restructuring those two banks included guarantee for insured savings up to $ 100 000 , and the uninsured big deposits would have taken the haircut . 
  and that 's exactly what 's happening to laiki now , and probably will happen to cob too . 
   how 's that good ? 
  there have been no `` good '' options left for a long time . 
  troika 's proposal of restructuring the two problem banks was one of the sanest options left . 
  instead of rejecting it , it might have been better to take troika 's offer as a basis , to refine it in details and to start doing that necessary restructuring a week ago already - as it 's gon na happen anyway . 
  troika 's proposal to restructure the two problem banks laiki and bank of cyprus was not ridiculous at all . 
  considering the circumstances it was quite sane . 
  yet cyprus rejected it . 
  now that cyprus on it 's own accord has already decided to restructure laiki and it seems probable that cob is next , it seems that it might have been better to take troika 's offer and do that necessary restructuring a week ago already . 
  christofias did make some very poor decisions indeed : http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2012/dec/19/demetris-christofias-cyprus-sorry-state  now either cyprus accepts the deal , forces eu to offer a better one , or throws another hissy fit and burns the few remaining bridges . 
  i do n't think there will be a much better deal from troika - some cosmetic enhancements perhaps . 
  the situation has deteriorated from last friday , and the square one we 'd be going back to is worse than last week . 
  i think rejecting the proposal of restructuring laiki and bank of cyprus was a big mistake , probably based on hopeful thinking . 
   or driving down the eventual price russia will acquire cyprus for . 
  right , the infamous `` certain conditions '' - as in january : [ russia 's medvedev : help for cyprus only if conditions met ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2013/01/28/uk-eurozone-cyprus-russia-idukbre90r08120130128 ) apropos , my prediction ... 
  according to https://twitter.com/financialmirror bank of cyprus ceo kypri :  damage already done , up to us if it is irreparable reports of boc on verge of default are `` untrue '' there 's no importance if we do n't take the right decision today better to lose the battle than to lose the war maybe we should go for depos haircut . 
  better for hit on banking sector than whole economy or maybe you should have made that decision last weekend already . 
  i do n't understand why cyprus rejected the idea of restructuring the laiki bank in the negotiation last friday , but * now * is going to do just that . 
  and it indeed is a necessary and sensible step , but would have been even better not to first reject it and then do it anyway few days later . 
  bank of cyprus next , perhaps ? 
  if so , then it will be like the original troika proposal of restructuring those two banks to cover cyprus ' share of the bailout . 
  my prediction : eventually cyprus will have to restructure the other big problem bank too . 
  this will cut further from the needed $ 5.8 bn . 
  would be ironic as that was the original proposal by troika last friday - to restructure the two biggest problem banks while cutting 30-40 % of big uninsured deposits and protecting the insured ones .
