  and as you point out the dna it is an example of the eu standards at work in a country and improving it . 
  of course , what laura ( < 3 * sigh * ) is doing is not the eu at work but her work would not be happening without the eu and the standards introduced by the eu . 
  what you 're mainly writing about is the * enforcement * . 
  but actually that has never been the main point of the eu . 
  it is and has always been improvement . 
  by introducing common standards . 
  with local enforcement . 
  and i know that sounds silly with all the rage of the eu as a monolithic moster with unlimited power , but that 's really what it 's about . 
  there will never be an eu equivalent of the fbi . 
  never . 
  we could have something resembling it in some aspects but not the same agency . 
   could you be a bit more specific , so i can put it a bit more in a context ? 
  i 'm sorry but i do not have germany 's recent political history at hand , nor am i sure if it has been written for the things we 're interested in . 
  if there are scholarly works by historians that you know of please do feel free to recommend . 
  also , my own perspective is only how it looked from finland , and it would be very interesting to hear an account from you how you as a german perceived the 1998-2001 . 
   basically i would be interested if you could remember if germany was still opposed to a greek euro entry in 1998 + x ? 
  the way i remember it was that in two years there was a turnaround where at first germany opposed greece 's ez membership and then supported it . 
  i wish i had a history book with the dates to present to you . 
  but we all already do know that greece joined the ez two years later that others , and we know the reason for that was the opposition of other countries . 
  i do not know what was going through the german minds at the time nor after that . 
  nah , in those times finland was still the good pupil , and there never was a case to oppose portugal 's membership . 
  what i like in recent developments is that finland has , at least to some extent , ceased to be a mere good pupil which was demonstrated by finland demanding collaterals from greece and getting it - even as it was then scorned by others . 
  we also have new members in the ez . 
  and with their history the baltic states are not mere good pupils . 
  those guys have principles and do know the value of acting by those . 
  okay , you go change the calendar then . 
   did we really ? 
  i remember waigel opposed it heavily , but when greece was allowed to join the euro schr\u00f6der 's rot/gr \u00fcn coalition formed the government . 
  and i really ca n't remember how eichel has opposed it . 
  yes , you did the first time . 
  germany among finland and the netherlands opposed greece 's euro membership against france vehemently promoting it ( i mean france * really * was talking about how we need the ` cradle of democracy ' in the euro right away and can not postpone it , i know how ridiculous it sounds now but i 'm not inventing it ) . 
  two years later it was a different story , suddenly finland found itself as the lone opponent of greece 's membership and finland quickly accepted it as a good pupil we still were then . 
  i do not know why germany changed their stance in those two years ( thanks schr\u00f6der again ? ) . 
  and since then finland has learned not to be a mere good pupil . 
  at least to some extent ( re : demanding collaterals from greece ) . 
  no , i ca n't post an article of an parliament voting on it because there has been nothing for the parliaments to vote on here . 
  if you need articles there 's plenty of them regarding the earlier greek bailout deals . 
  would you like to see articles regarding the finnish parliament voting on them ? 
  albeit i do n't see what would be the point of it . 
   and also it will be contrary to obligations of parlament so i doubt it . 
  i do n't know why you believe approval by parliament is contrary to the obligations of parliament . 
  well , if you honestly think that a calendar is merely a arbitrary rule to be changed on occasion ... how do you make appointments with your clients/boss/collagues / friends/family members / children ? 
  * `` yeah , you may claim i was supposed to be here a week ago but i 'm actually right on time as i just changed the calendar !, 
  it is actually * you * who has been too early all this time . 
  you really should learn to think outside of the box , my dear five year old daughter . 
  '' * but i guess your operative word there is * arbitrary * . 
  are you saying that agreeing on something forms rules that are merely arbritrary ? 
  that no-one should have no reason to actually expect for you to actually adhere to what you have agreed to ? 
  so brave is this some sort of deep cultural rift between the south europe and north europe ? 
   in retrospect , europe 's first mistake was letting greece into the euro zone in 2001 . 
  yes . 
  it indeed was . 
  i remember how germany opposed . 
  also the netherlands . 
  and finland ( * . 
  and how france was pushing for it ( france : `` surely we not only let but also need the cradle of democracy in the euro . '' ), 
  yet , however obvious it may seem to some now , at the time it really was inconceivable that a country would willingly shoot itself in the foot and lie it 's way into euro for its own detriment . 
  still hard to compute that . 
  never mind the part where greece , once accepted into the eurozone , started it 's membership by insisting that also cyprus should be allowed as a member asap or greece would start using its new veto on any other future memberships . 
  so , enter cyprus . 
  too soon . 
  and they did kinda okay until banks getting ruined by the greek debt . 
  i do n't know what the great idea was in doing that . 
   germans wagered correctly that greek accession would enlarge the market for their exports . 
  we 're talking about a market about the size of a peanut when compared to the big picture ( sorry greece . 
  okay , size of a calamata ) . 
  but as greece was already a member of the eu , let 's not get ahead of ourselves with ridiculous claims of a new export market which actually was already available to all eu members even without the greek ez membership . 
   but they were wrong in thinking that greece would be inspired or forced to fix its rickety economy . 
  corruption and bureaucratic inefficiency went unabated . 
  yeah , we all were wrong about that despite the opposite promises . 
  ( the 2001-2009 in a nutshell : the eurogroup/commission every year : `` greece , here 's a list of your vulnerabilities , please do fix your economy . '', 
  greece : `` yes , first thing in the morning ! '' ), 
  the big problem was that the eurogroup had 1 ) no mechanism nor authority to audit greece 's books and 2 ) no mechanism nor authority to make greece to actually reform its economy . 
  and that is also why the eurogroup wanted the imf as a partner in the bailouts . 
  because the imf has the muscle that the eurogroup does not . 
  and on the flipside , that is the reason the new greek government is doing everything they can to get the imf out and to deal with their eurogroup partners only . 
   the second mistake was allowing greeks to overborrow ; optimistic investors accepted yields on sovereign debt nearly as low as those germany paid . 
  that was not a mistake of others as there was absolutely no way to prevent greece from doing it . 
  all there was was giving advice not to do it . 
  it was the greeks borrowing and no-one else but greeks could have stopped it . 
  except the markets . 
  and eventually they did just that . 
  and as they did that and greece was shut out of markets with the -16 % deficit greece asked for a bailout from their euro partners instead of defaulting . 
   the third mistake was to treat the problem by piling on official loans rather than by restructuring the private-sector debt . 
  actually most of the private debt got restructured with about $ 100 bn haircut on capital , and swaps with longer maturity and lower yield bonds . 
  the rest was swapped to long maturity low interest loans from the partner institutions . 
  only a very small amount of private debt remained at face value after that ( pretty much only the small amounts that vulture funds such as * dart * had managed to buy ) . 
  ( ** * ) in polandball universe : finland : `` i do n't think it 's entirely credible that greece has actually fixed their economy in mere two years . '', 
  greece : `` you call me a liar ? 
  huh ? 
  prove it ! '', 
  finland : `` well i 'm not allowed to access your economic data . '', 
  greece : `` so there . 
  you do n't even know what you 're talking about . '', 
  finland : `` well , that 's exactly the probl . . '' france : `` and as that discussion has been concluded let 's move on to the next item on the list . 
  ** ) here 's a good advice free of charge : whatever you do never fuck with dart , and never let them own your debt . 
  never . 
  they have a certain reputation and have an obligation to uphold that - as some countries may or may not confirm . 
  you have already fucked up big time if your debt is in their hands , because the vultures look for wounded/dying animals - and are doing the god 's work at that . 
  evangelos venizelos was very smart to pay those guys off at face value .
