  except their recruiting has fallen dramatically after the bombing campaign begun . 
  recruiting was easy when daesh still looked victorious , and in fall 2014 they got hundreds or even thousands of recruits a day . 
  with the bombings and setbacks the number of people coming to syria to fight for them has fallen to mere tens a day . 
  i do n't know where the idea that the more we oppose the more they get recruits comes from . 
  it does not make sense , who goes to fight for a loser , and it 's not what is happening . 
  the opposite is true : the more daesh is losing , the less inclined people are to fight for them . 
   bombing them will not stop them . 
  to the contrary . 
  the following mayhem of airstrikes is feed for their recruiting pool . 
  to the contrary since the airstrikes begun their recruiting pool has been drying rapidly . 
  in fall 2014 when daesh still was victorious they used to get recruits by hundreds or even thousands a day . 
  later on with their setbacks the stream of recruits has dried up to some tens a day . 
  as people have not been coming to fight in syria any more , the lack of arriving recruits has forced daesh to rethink their strategy . 
  instead of calling for people to come to isis now their propaganda has been calling for their supporters to stay in their countries and to conduct terrorist strikes there . 
  their aim is to create terrorist sleeper cells all over the world . 
   doing nothing is certainly a good option if you want to minimize the overall number of dead people resulting from this conflict . 
  only if you forget to include the ongoing daesh massacres and their genocide of local people . 
   the nazis did n't reemerge because of the denazification process , the generous marshall plan , and overall trying to help the local population on its feet again . 
  if yo have to fight an idea you ca n't just fight it with bombs . 
  yes , albeit one has to remember that the denazification happened only after the victory in a war . 
  no war , no victory , no denazification . 
  same thing with japan in wwii . 
  yup , i 'm also very skeptical about the `` promising talks '' from what we have learned of them so far . 
  would be pretty funny to abuse the apocalyptic importance of dabiq to them : 1 . destroy all daesh positions in dabiq . 
  2 . because daesh can not lose dabiq they will station new troops there . 
  3 . rinse and repeat until daesh is out of fighters . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mahdi#sunni_islam  the sunnis view the mahdi as the successor of muhammad , but , unlike most shia muslims , do not believe the mahdi has already been born . 
  the mahdi is expected to arrive to rule the world and to reestablish righteousness . 
   ...  the mahdi is frequently mentioned in sunni hadith as establishing the caliphate . 
   everything convinces them that they are on the right path and , specifically , that there is a kind of apocalyptic process under way that will lead to a confrontation between an army of muslims from all over the world and others , the crusaders , the romans . 
  they see everything as moving us down that road . 
  consequently , everything is a blessing from allah . 
  yes , apocalypse as prophetized is one of the central parts of their ideology . 
  they are seeing signs of the end times everywhere , and are waiting the arrival of the mahdi . 
  in a way they are also trying to make the apocalypse happen by making things go as the prophesies say . 
  the prophesies have even dictated areas to conquer :  the islamic state has attached great importance to the syrian city of dabiq , near aleppo . 
  it named its propaganda magazine after the town , and celebrated madly when ( at great cost ) it conquered dabiq 's strategically unimportant plains . 
  it is here , the prophet reportedly said , that the armies of rome will set up their camp . 
  the armies of islam will meet them , and dabiq will be rome 's waterloo or its antietam . 
  quote from this very good essay by graeme wood , highly recommended for anyone wanting to know what their ideology actually is : [ what isis really wants ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ ) * the islamic state is no mere collection of psychopaths . 
  it is a religious group with carefully considered beliefs , among them that it is a key agent of the coming apocalypse . 
  here 's what that means for its strategy -- and for how to stop it . 
   your post has no content , you need to make arguments , not just say things and i should say the same about your comments . 
  they contain no arguments at all , but only you talking out of your ass . 
  you know nothing about daesh , nothing about their ideology , and you provide no sources to support any of your silly claims . 
   yes , i read that . 
  why though now that 's a great argument right there . 
   if i ride a horse through the streets in armor and proclaim the crusades i do n't become an authentic christian . 
  it 's silly semantics , if they are islamic 90 % of muslims are n't or vice versa . 
  pick one , anything they do n't have anything in common explaining why they declare war on everybody and their uncle . 
  now you 're just being childish . 
  as i already said religion is an integral part of their ideology . 
  you can not ingore that by going ` semantics , schemantics ' . 
   the religion is there to spin a fitting narrative no more no less . 
  the nazis used pagan imagery because it looked fancy , they did n't go to war to please thor . 
  i see you 're still rather inveting stuff out of your imagination than actually learning about their ideology . 
  that 's a surefire way of getting it wrong . 
   isis is a rabid secessionist movement born out of a civil war in 7th century cosplay . 
  ignorance makes people say the darnest things . 
   they are n't medieval , their ideology is medieval . 
   they 're people like anybody else . 
  what in the actual fuck ? 
  they are people but they are certainly * not * like anybody else . 
  please educate yourself about their actions and ideology . 
  he 's certainly not an idiot . 
  and while i often do n't agree with him i find his writing often interesting and sometimes even refreshing . 
  he 's thought provoking which is a good thing . 
  i also like his disregard of political correctness . 
  all in all , a very interesting thinker and a very good writer even if one does not agree with him - then again , i 'm not sure if he 's seeking concensus anyway . 
  a good read . 
  thanks for posting . 
   that was my point , they distinguish by statehood not religion , it 's irrelevant what they say . 
  no , you have gotten that wrong . 
  and it is very much relevant what they say , you just can not disregard what they say and then go on inventing your own stuff as their ideology . 
  that 's how to get things wrong . 
   also you ca n't be a 7th century fascist , fascism implies post - industrialized and mobilized society , but the author uses the word fascism without actually knowing what it means , hence my `` he sounds like a redditor '' . 
  you 're technically correct and sound like a redditor while at it . 
   these things are n't mutually exclusive mutually exclusive or not , my point about their aims stands . 
  you really should educate yourself with the basics about their ideology . 
  please do take your time to read the very good primer i linked above . 
  it 's well written and very informative . 
   the characterization of isis as 7th century barbarians is also ridiculous . 
  * goes to the article , ctrl+f ` barbar ' . 
  not found * however , he does refer to daesh as `` seventh century religious fascists . '', 
  what makes daesh medieval is their ideology with its very much anti-modern medievalism . 
  and i would agree with that religious fascism part too with their acts and the way of imposing their ideology by subjugation . 
  i do also consider their actions barbaric . 
  genocide is barbaric , would n't you agree ? 
   terrorism is a tool for asymmetrical warfare in the 21st century , so is fanaticism . 
  and they both were that also in 20th century . 
  yet their tools of choise do not make their ideology any more modernistic . 
  they also use the internet but that does n't change their ideology from its medievalism . 
   this is about disintegrating nation states and national conflicts being fought on foreign territory , not about some religious mumbo-jumbo . 
  you do n't seem to have much idea on what their ideology actually is . 
  religious ` mumbo-jumbo ' is an integral part of it . 
  and it is no coincidence that they are massacring and enslaving people that they consider infidels . 
   isis is n't bombing paris because of conchita wurst but because there 's a fucking war going on in syria . 
  omg you really have no idea what their ideology actually is . 
  they are not fighting west to defend syria , their aim is conquest , genocide , subjugation , sowing chaos , and , as ridiculous it may sound , apocalypse . 
  edit : here 's a very well written primer for you to cover the basics : http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ sample quote :  the reality is that the islamic state is islamic .
