  i know . 
  just wanted to point out that those terms are not interchangeable , a refugee is a specific status granted by the unhcr or by the receiving country . 
  and not just any person leaving their country is a refugee , even if that country is not doing well . 
  the current crisis is first and foremost a mass migration crisis . 
  even if some of the individuals may well be refugees . 
  why ? 
  lol see , this shit is why i love / r/europe . 
  we come from all walks . 
   individuals upvote/downvote for different reasons . 
  and there 's no way to control how or why a user chooses to vote . 
  and that 's the great thing about voting . 
   the refugee crisis a part of the problem seems to stem from misapplied terminology . 
  some seem to assume that all the migrants are automagically refugees which they are not . 
  and using that misleading terminology some go on claiming how we in the eu are somehow responsible for providing for all of them , which we are not . 
   most ppl do n't even know that actually 3 buildings collapsed in that day . 
  wow , you so well informed . 
  actually more than three buildings collapsed that day . 
   also , they do n't lie about facts , do they ? 
  oh , but they do , to the point of even doubling down on lies after getting caught by actual facts - see for example how the guardian participated in spreading lies about a scientist : [ the timothy hunt witch hunt ] ( https://www.commentarymagazine.com/articles/the-timothy-hunt-witch-hunt/ ), 
  i really do n't know . 
  perhaps they were not thinking in terms of television but in terms of stage performance where that stuff might have worked better had they introduced their audience into it beforehand . 
  you know , something along the lines of every performer first introducing themselves as themselves outside the character , without the head , and then proceeding with acting the character while having the audience in the act * with them * . 
  but on tv that was absolutely terrifying , not only because of suddenly ripping heads off , but also the fact that it was done by friends and family , and the * randomness * of it . 
  you never knew when someone 's head was about to come off and by whom and why . 
  sometimes they even ripped their * own * heads off for fucks sake . 
  and all of that was the reason i categorically , and one might add very loudly , refused to watch the show . 
  because fuck that show . 
  and only about 2 % of the asylym applicants in finland are from syria . 
  by far the largest group are young men from iraq suddenly appearing here in thousands . 
   the bureaucracy involved really needs to be reduced and refugees need to be able to get a job asap , no matter how simple . 
  yeah , the unemployed finns be damned . 
  we have to reduce the bureacracy in order to give jobs to illegal migrants asap . 
  i do n't know . 
  he just suddenly did that some time ago by claiming he had experienced some kind of incident at the finnish border and thereby decided to ban finland from the service . 
  many tried asking him for an explanation but he never gave any . 
  and i know i likely could access it through proxies and stuff but why bother . 
  they have a large facebook group with 200,000 followers sharing tips , canned life stories and strategies on how to best deceive the finnish authorities to get an asylym , but now some of those that have come to finland are advicing others against coming here . 
  what i 'm worried about is the illegal migrants feigning refugees are draining the already strained resources from the actual refugees . 
  and secondly , with their conduct they negatively affect the public opinion also regarding actual refugees . 
  that latter thing is also partly media 's responsibility : as media often uses words * migrant * and * refugee * interchangeably - which they 're not - then it 's no wonder if the conduct of illegal migrants gets confused with that of actual refugees , and they both get additional negative connotations the same . 
  simply leaving a country does not entitle one to a refugee status . 
  a refugee is defined by the un conventions , and a refugee status is granted by the unhcr or by the receiving state . 
  these young men avoiding military service are hardly refugees . 
  also , as the article states even the unhcr is a bit skeptical about it :  but the soldiers arriving in europe face an unknown future . 
  a spokeswoman for u.n. refugee agency unhcr said those judged to be former combatants would not be granted refugee status . 
  why finns what ? 
  first they have ample time to leave voluntarily with the possibility of having some or all expenses of travel covered . 
  there is also a possibility of separately getting some additional financial support as ` home coming money ' . 
  eventually a person without a valid residence permit will get deported to their home country by plane with a police escort , but that may take some time . 
  the fact that finland does not have an agreement with iraq regarding returning their citizens over there may complicate matters . 
   but what are they supposed to be fighting for ? 
  i do n't know what they 're supposed to be fighting for but now those young men are for free bed & breakfast and social benefits in a country they know nothing about while further straining the already strained asylym system and taking resources away from actual refugees . 
  as a '70s kid my moomin nightmare fuel was the swedish tv-series * mumintrollet * ( 1969 ) . 
  it was a live action theatrical children 's show with well-known swedish and finnish actors of the time acting in moomin costumes . 
  and everything was serene and blissful in the moomin valley . 
  that is until the second episode when all of sudden little my and moominpappa ripped moomintroll 's head off and all there was left to do was to scream in absolute horror : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-iajllegeo&amp;t=12m30s after that it became a recurring thing to [ randomly rip charater 's head off ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hcwalxe_zo&amp;t=3m45s ) resulting in more screams of horror , and eventually the only rational thing to do was to run away as soon as you heard the theme music . 
  i do n't know who considers them refugees , but if someone does they 're getting ahead of themselves . 
  it is yet to be established if any of the persons who have applied for an asylym in finland actually is a refugee as that is not a default status for a migrant nor for a person who illegally enters country . 
  a refugee is a person that has well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion in the country of origin , and because of that is unable or unwilling to return in that country . 
  a refugee status is given by the unhcr or by the receiving state . 
  not every migrant is automatically a refugee , not even if they come from a not-so-well-to-do country . 
  these people have applied for an asylym in finland . 
  that does not automatically mean they 're refugees , nor that they will get an asylym . 
  for example , probably most of the iraqis will eventually get a declining decision for their application . 
  meanwhile they have free bed and breakfast and some social benefits while straining the already overstrained system and taking resources from the actual refugees . 
   article is gone . 
  is there a cached version somewhere ? 
  it is ? 
  i happen to have the article still in an open tab . 
  i do n't know how to cache it ( and archive.is administrator prevents finns from using his service ) , so i 'll just brutely copy paste here : world | sun sep 20 , 2015 10:41 am edt some iraqis ditch fight against islamic state for life in europe baghdad | by saif hameed and stephen kalin some iraqi soldiers are abandoning their posts and joining a wave of civilian migrants headed to europe , raising new doubts about the cohesion of the country 's western-backed security forces in the fight against islamic state militants . 
  interviews with migrants and an analysis of social media activity show scores of fighters from the national army , police and special forces as well as shi'ite militias and kurdish peshmerga have left in recent months or plan to go soon . 
  they join more than 50,000 civilians who have left iraq in the past three months , according to the united nations , part of an even larger exodus from neighboring syria and other conflict zones across the middle east . 
  the inability of iraq to retain its soldiers threatens to further erode morale in a military that has partially collapsed twice in the past year in the face of the islamic state militant group . 
  it could also undermine the efforts of a u.s.-led coalition that has spent billions of dollars training and equipping iraqi forces to take on the militants . 
  a spokesman for the iraqi defense ministry said the military was not concerned about the migration of soldiers , which he put in the `` tens '' out of a security force estimated to number in the tens of thousands . 
  `` the armed forces are performing their duties . 
  there is no reason to be worried , '' said general tahsin ibrahim sadiq . 
  but saed kakaei , adviser to the minister of peshmerga forces in northern iraq 's kurdistan region , said while he could not provide a specific figure for how many peshmerga forces had left , the numbers were `` concerning '' . 
  the soldiers ' departure highlights a pervasive sense of hopelessness among many iraqis more than a year after islamic state seized a third of their country 's territory , threatened to overrun the capital and declared a modern caliphate . 
  despite driving them back in some areas , members of the security forces say they are leaving because they face daily offensives by the insurgents , sectarian violence , and economic depression . 
  many in the security forces are also frustrated and disillusioned with elected officials , who they allege abandoned them on the frontlines , while failing to provide adequate resources and enriching themselves through graft . 
  `` iraq is worth fighting for but the government is not , '' said a 22-year-old swat policeman who decided to emigrate after his brother was killed in battle earlier this year at the northern baiji refinery where he was also posted . 
  `` there is no concern for us at all . 
  the government has destroyed us , '' he told reuters , saying baghdad 's failure to reinforce soldiers had caused avoidable losses in a battle that has dragged on for more than a year . 
  control of neighborhoods in baiji , about 190 km ( 120 miles ) north of baghdad , has changed hands many times . 
  authorities said in july they had recaptured most of the town , but islamic state attacked central neighborhoods days later , forcing pro-government forces to pull back . 
  others echoed the policeman 's concerns . 
  a 33-year-old special forces member who was based in western anbar province - an islamic state stronghold - said he had lost any reason to stay , and joined 16 fellow soldiers who smuggled themselves to northern europe last month . 
  `` we were fighting while the government and political parties made it their mission to make money and officials sent their children to live abroad , '' he told reuters via online messaging . 
  `` what drove us to leave was seeing our guys getting wounded , killed or maimed , and nobody cared . '', 
  baghdad launched a campaign to retake the sunni heartland of anbar after the provincial capital ramadi fell in may , leaving only a few government holdouts across the sprawling desert territory . 
  but fighting has progressed fitfully with sectarian tensions coming to a head and ground advances delayed by explosives planted by islamic state along roads and in buildings . 
  a special operations member based in ramadi said the elite unit alone had seen more than 100 fighters leave for europe in the past six months . 
  reuters could not independently verify this . 
  many soldiers who left have changed their facebook profiles from portraits in fatigues beside tanks or holding machine guns to photos riding bikes or relaxing in parks in austria , germany or finland . 
  `` merely tenants '' iraqis have long complained of corruption and mismanagement in the government , including the armed forces . 
  an official investigation last year found 50,000 `` ghost soldiers '' on the army 's books . 
  the `` ghosts '' , the report said , helped fuel the military 's collapse in june 2014 in the northern city of mosul . 
  these men were on the army payroll but paid their officers a portion of their salaries and in return did not show up for duty , enriching their commanders and hollowing out the military force . 
  iraq has since come to rely heavily on shi'ite militias and volunteer fighters , grouped under a government-run body called the hashid shaabi .
