  i wish we brought back the fun surveys we used to have ... 
   http://www.nytimes.com/1987/11/03/world/gorbachev-assails-crimes-of-stalin-lauds-khrushchev.html ctrl+f , poland , polish . 
  nothing . 
   http://articles.latimes.com/1987-11-03/news/mn-18452_1_soviet-leader ctrl+f , poland , polish . 
  nothing . 
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/6468199/russias-president-dmitry-medvedev-condemns-stalin.html ctrl+f , poland , polish . 
  nothing . 
  basically in those all three they say stalin was a bad person doing bad things . 
  which is what everyone else has already known for decades . 
  nowhere do they recognize , apologise and never mind try and reconcile the atrocities the red army did in poland . 
  and mind you , before you once again bring katyn massacre up i remind you that it was just a tip of the iceberg and the far wider atrocities remain still unrecognized . 
   http://m.ndtv.com/world-news/vladimir-putin-admits-russia-forcibly-imposed-soviet-model-on-eastern-europe-755623 again : ctrl+f , poland , polish . 
  nothing . 
  putin says they forced their model upon eastern european countries and did that by force which was not a good thing to do . 
  a fact that has been obvious for any reasonable person for decades . 
  then he claims that the americans are acting in a similar way which is obvious bullshit as they are not systematically collecting , murdering and exiling hundreds of thousands of civilians as the red army did for example in poland . 
  now , if you actually have links showing that russia has actually recognized , apologised and reconciled the wide scale atrocities the red army did in poland then please do post links to that . 
  but please stop posting just any irrelevant crap while pretending that to be the shit . 
   but the main issue is still that for the grid and large-scale energy production , the costs are mostly based on maximum possible peak demand , not actual demand . 
  you need to build the grid to support the maximum peak demand in the future , and you need to build and maintain enough power stations to handle maximum peak demand . 
  having blackouts because of unexpected high demand is n't really acceptable in first-world countries . 
  true that . 
  the grid can not scale up in an instant just as a road can not get wider to accommodate more traffic it can handle . 
  i do n't know to what extent the planned ` smart grids ' are able to alleviate that . 
  but grids can and should plan for the projected future demand . 
   and this `` future '' means a 20-50 year time span - a company building a new coal or nuclear plant would need to sign up customers on a 20 + year contracts for their future peak demand , unless they want to gamble on changes in energy markets . 
  yes , and that is what a power company making a big investment * should * do : sign up big customers/financers even before they start to build the plant . 
  yet it always has economic risks associated , as normal . 
   we have the grid and producers split in estonia since last year , but looking at my last month 's bill , it was 36 eur for electricity used and 1 eur for `` amperage fee '' ( = connection fee based on the size of the main circuit breaker , which determines the peak possible usage ) . 
  this pricing clearly does n't match the actual costs of either the grid or the producers . 
  indeed , that pricing has a funny odor on it . 
  can you make a contract based on your estimated total consumption instead of a hypothetical peak ? 
   the main costs are :  * building and maintaining the grid and the power stations ,  * keeping small power stations ( gas , etc ) ready at a minute 's notice to increase output to match real-time demand . 
  and that 's one of the good reasons to separate electricity network companies providing the power transmission service , and power companies producing power and selling their electric energy . 
  then also the costs of grid maintenace and costs of power production are separate , and one is not subsidied by the other . 
   people rarely realise that the main service is the ability to use electricity , not the actual electricity delivered . 
  there 's actually two different commodities relevant here : 1 . 
  electric energy ( produced by a power company ) 2 . 
  electricity transmission service ( provided by a grid company ) a consumer needs them both but they 're different services . 
  and if those two are the one and the same company then the problems you mentioned may appear , and it 's the consumers that have to suffer that ( often even worse if such monster is run by the government which involves tax spending in addition to pricing ) . 
  if the market has separate companies for those two sevices then the consumer is able to tender out and choose the power company based on the best deal . 
  but the consumer can not always choose the electricity network company as they often have natural monopolies in their region , which is a good target for regulation to keep harmful monopolistic behavior at bay ( e.g. 
  exorbitant prices , poor service etc ) . 
   but currently the pricing is mostly the opposite : low grid connection fees , high fees per kwh actually used . 
  this is both to discourage wasting energy , and to subsidise small less wealthy customers ( small homes ) by the bigger more stable customers ( factories , offices , etc ) . 
  whether that makes sense or not depends on the actual costs but that pricing scheme does sound like there 's subsidies included . 
  in a market where the services are separated to different companies the grid connection fees - or the cost of the power transmission service - depend on the costs of building/maintaining the grid in the area . 
  those costs are obviously lower per consumer for example in areas of higher population density , or in areas where geography/climate is less challenging to the infrastucture . 
  therefore in such regions the power transmission cost to consumer should be less than in more challenging regions with lower population density . 
  and in a free electricity market the price per kwh is flexible and highly competed . 
  a power production company may ask whatever they want but as there are numerous competing producers a consumer can tender them out and choose the best offer to buy their electricity from . 
  additionally , it makes no sense to a power company to keep prices high in order to sell less of their product . 
  they want to sell all the power they produce all the time . 
  the enviromental issues , or wasting energy , are for the legistator to regulate . 
  hence even if the power company produces cheap electric energy there may be legislation affecting the prices such as taxation to discourage wasting energy , taxation targeted at different forms of production , or subsidies for renewables . 
   so as people start using more and more self-generation and batteries , something will have to change in the pricing to get it to be closer to the actual costs . 
  but greatly increasing the grid connection price would upset a lot of small home customers , and perhaps also speed up the conversion to self-generation . 
  i think the big question is * who * is going to pay for the electricity a household produces and how ? 
  * the consumer of the energy ? 
  who is your client anyway and what contract you have with them ? 
  the grid is not the customer , it only provides the service of transmitting your energy to your customer . 
  * the electricity network company ? 
  use their network to transmit power and they have a good reason to actually * charge * you unless the customer buying your energy also pays for the transmission as they should . 
  * the power company you have a contract with ? 
  but suddenly you have become a competitor - so deep underneath there lies a conflict of interest . 
  yet i 'm sure it could be possible to accommodate that for example by providing a discount accordingly : the more electricity you have produced , the cheaper the electricity you buy becomes . 
  or by actually buying the energy you produce and selling it forward . 
  maybe it becomes possible to establish a power company on that : * `` i 'll buy everything all you home producers produce , i pay you this much and sell it to consumers and you do n't have to worry about anything . 
  '' * enter competition : * `` forget that guy , i 'll always pay you better than anyone else on the market '' * etc. . . or perhaps co-ops : * `` for a small fee you can become a member and owner of our power company !, 
  our numerous owners will buy all the power you produce and you can receive all the power they produce at minimal cost + transfer + taxes . 
   people connected to the grid should have to pay something to maintain it . 
  but why should they pay for it by * taxation * ? 
  while i do n't know how the power market is organised in spain , it 's a good idea to have separate companies for running the grid and providing power . 
  the electricity network companies build and maintain the transfer networks and charge their clients for the electricity transmission service they provide . 
  that 's where they earn the money for the transfer networks . 
  and separate power companies produce power and charge for the electric energy they sell . 
  the obvious potential problem with that model is the natural monopolies the electricity network companies will get in their respective areas , which could lead to incentive for a company to overcharge while providing poor service . 
  the solution to that potential problem is to regulate , monitor , and enforce accordingly . 
  edit : people , pls respond : why should they pay for it by * taxation * ? 
  just keep in mind that dan carlin is not a historian but an entertainer and fan of history . 
  i do enjoy his podcasts but they 're not necessarily a reliable source to get facts from . 
  i 'd say even a fragile peace was immensely more valuable than wwi . 
   that is not true at all and blatantly a lie , soviets leadership , medvedev , gorbatchev and putin have recognized soviets crimes as i already said : they have recognised only katyn massacre , which is only tip of the iceberg . 
  show me where they have recognized , apologised and reconciled the far bigger atrocities the soviets committed in occupied poland against polish civilans . 
  you ca n't because they have n't . 
   not one example as you trying to spin it . 
  you 're the one with the stupid spin here pretending katyn was all there was . 
   do you know anything on russia . 
  did you bother to make a simple internet search ? 
  maybe * you * are the one in need of google here . 
  seems you 're either completely ignorant or in willful denial of the scale of soviet atrocities in poland . 
   of course germany was the de facto ruler of belgium now you 're resorting to using a dishonest bait-and-switch . 
  the discussion has been about * state continuity * under international law . 
   it de facto did cease to exist . 
  no , the belgian state did not cease to exist , not de jure and not de facto . 
  you 're merely inventing stuff to bolster your belief against reality . 
  next you 're probably going to claim that it all depends on personal opinion - which would be reaching for insanity . 
   what do you want next ? 
   i have gorbatchev declaration . 
  yeltsin declaration and putin d\u00e9claration  including various speeches at the duma and political meetings .
