  let us finally kill the bats . 
   did n't know they had set the red line at 90 . 
  officially they do n't . 
  the notion of a red line at 90 is only speculation by analysts , even if it might make sense . 
  what the rcb said already last week is that they do not exclude the possibility of a rate hike . 
  to prop up ruble , if needed , they have several instruments at their disposal such as : 1 . dictating how big export companies do their fx ( when , how much at the time ) . 
  2 . rate hike ( currently at 11 % ) to further stiffle liquidity on the fx market . 
  3 . burning rcb 's fx reserve in support . 
  of those a rate hike is unlikely unless ruble hits dramatically new lows ( such as 90 ) , and the last one exceedingly unlikely . 
  currently ruble remains just as volatile as the oil price . 
  and as oil prices have somewhat recovered past couple of days so has ruble . 
  imo , ruble still remains overpriced as compared to oil prices but not my problem . 
   it 's not an air superiority fighter though . 
  i think the ef and rafale , even the gripen , cover that part better . 
  no they do n't with their sensors . 
  they have nothing to what f-35 has in that regard . 
  and the same goes with all aspects of ew . 
  the capabilities of f-35 sensors and ew systems are far beyond anything seen in other fighter aircrafts . 
   are n't you tired of seeing every space exploration movie/book ever taking nasa to mars ? 
  no , and i have n't even seen every one of those . 
   esa , a mere joke in the eyes of many except among the people relevant to space exploration such as scientists , engineers and policy makers . 
  and considering the numerous achievements by esa either alone or in collaboration with other agencies i 'd think a layman that still considers esa a joke is either very misinformed or merely willfully ignorant . 
   would n't it be awesome to see esa there instead , leaving the world shocked and in awe as the first human on mars planted the eu flag on its red surface ? 
  it would be awesome indeed , but that 's pretty much it . 
  awesome . 
  there are actually a multitude of scientific problems , questions and unknowns to be explored and investigated which dwarf a landing of a person on a planet . 
  with the budget needed to take people to mars we could achieve much more scientific results with exploration by probes and robots . 
  but it certainly is n't as * awesome * as landing people . 
  i wish by now even the laymen could understand the fundamental difference between a space program and an apollo-program . 
  the former is a long term policy of building on the previous experiences and achievements step by step : a real program with a legacy to build on . 
  a continuum , a program . 
  the latter was a historical anomaly : a crash program with little regard to science , which was only bolted on as an afterthought , and with nothing to build on . 
  when apollo ended , it totally ended as if it never even happened . 
  yes , apollo was * awesome * but it was a dead end . 
  being awesome is not a good basis to build a space program on . 
  a far better qualification for a space program is longevity . 
  to achieve that you need to consider questions other than how awesome something is , such as how useful something is . 
  `` do not know '' is a provokation . 
  a good russian should know what to answer . 
  took several decades . 
   i really hope you get a batch of leaders before your country is completely bankrupt . 
  oh but they got a new economy minister . 
  he was just appointed by president maduro couple of weeks ago . 
  the new leftist minister for economy and productivity luis salas is a sociologist who does not believe inflation exists . 
  yeah , you read that right : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-economy-iduskbn0ul27820160107  essays written by salas describe scarcity and spiraling prices as the result of exploitation by businesses rather than government policy , offering an academic underpinning to the `` economic war '' explanation that maduro uses to describe the current malaise of recession , runaway prices and widespread product shortages . 
    `` inflation does not exist in real life , '' he wrote in a 2015 pamphlet called `` 22 keys to understanding the economic war . '', 
  `` when a person goes to a shop and finds that prices have gone up , they are not in the presence of ` inflation . ' '', 
    salas has argued against the idea that excessive printing of money causes inflation - an almost universally accepted tenet of macroeconomics . 
  he insists prices rise primarily because corporations seek excessive profit margins . 
   ...  salas ' numerous online essays are written in flowing academic prose featuring caustic turns-of-phrase such as `` speculative-parasite-vulture capital '' or `` global war of the planetary plutocracy . '', 
  that guy is nuts , and venezuela remains fucked . 
  unfortunately . 
   price of petrol in russia in barrels of oil per year what the hell ? 
  what is that metric supposed to mean ? 
  are people actually buying gas by bringing barrels of oil as a payment ? 
  additionally , the gas prices actually have been falling in the us , he 's not lying . 
  yeah but as an officer he is obliged to say that just to be on the safe side , and they tend to exaggerate the risks of travelling on the roof of your car in your underwear at -17 c all the time . 
  case in point : mao 's great leap forward . 
  getting russia out of the oil needle would take at least two decades . 
  no cosmetic surgeon can keep putin in power for that long . 
  i 'm sure volvo does well but generally i 'm very happy with how well toyota copes with freezing winter weather , yet the hilux i drove last winter sure felt better than that current verso now at -35 c and below . 
  in fact in the winter towing statistics toyota is the least likely car to strand you on the road in winter : http://www.taloussanomat.fi/autot/2016/01/14/hinaustilasto-julki-nama-autot-hyytyvat-homma-lahti-lapasesta/2016427/304 the top-10 winter cars in finland ( the least likely to get towed during dec-feb ) : 1 . toyota 100 % 2 . volkswagen 120 % 3 . skoda 140 % 4 . nissan 150 % 5.mercedes-benz 200 % 6 . honda 200 % 7 . audi 220 % 8 . mazda 230 % 9 . volvo 230 % 10 . ford 240 %, 
   with the sky-high interest rate how much is that ? 
  and if the interest rate actually was sky-high then why did anyone take such loan ? 
  normally such loans have comparatively * low * interest rates which is the reason why some take them , and of course the bad side is the possibility of an fx risk actualising . 
  in finland you can satirize most anything but apparently islam is out of bounds : [ right-wing finnish councillor , fined for calling big mo a kiddy-fiddler , is to appeal ] ( http://freethinker.co.uk/2009/11/17/right-wing-finnish-councillor-fined-for-calling-big-mo-a-kiddy-fiddler-is-to-appeal/ ), 
   falling ruble does not give anyone in russia any benefits . 
  except , arguably , to the ruling oligarchy . 
  with the high inflation and falling real income for the median russian there 's a simultaneous transfer of wealth happening where the oligarchy benefits or at least does not lose as much . 
   hence the rush to sell their oil while they can ... that is indeed one consideration . 
  the old adage `` oil in the ground is worth more than money in the bank '' does not seem to hold true these days . 
   businesses rely heavily on the import from other countries and that includes the agricultural sector too : fertilizers , insecticides , seeds , sperm , machinery , spare parts etc. 
  just for one example , to grow potatos you need seed potatos , and most of the seed potatos are imported from the netherlands . 
  no i 'm not talking about the rcb here . 
  i mean it looks like someone started selling rubles when it hit 80 and then it took a nosedive . 
  that kind of volatility has not happened in months . 
  that 's why i 'm saying some funds probably had tripwires for automatic sells at 80 . 
  possibly , dunno . 
  sauna is ready , and just came back from quick shopping with some cold beers . 
  time to relax before the 22-23 :00 aurora displays start . 
  but perkele that toyota is stiff to drive in these temperatures . 
   [ noise skipped ] okay , the eia disagreeing with you is `` noise '' now . 
   the graph shows that exceeding supply to shrink in 2016 . 
  it actually shows more than that : it shows the * supply exceeding demand through 2016 * . 
  which happens to be what i said . 
   which literally means iran entering the oil market just does n't matter . 
  you fail to see see the forest for the trees . 
  then you 're one of the few persons in the world believing that 500,000 to 1,000,000 bpd entering the market `` does not matter '' . 
  and i can see no speaking sense helps you in that mistaken belief . 
   sorry , i 'm not in exchange of opinions with you , pal  . 
  yeah , i 've seen that already with your obvious lack of arguments . 
   oil is my field of expertise , and you are just a redditor . 
  says a redditor whose arguments amount to `` nope '' . 
  yeah , we believe you - you 're the * real * expert . 
  edit : aww , as a proof of your highly esteemed `` experteese '' you merely choose to insta-downvote . 
  what more proof one needs that they 're dealing with a real `` expert '' on reddit ? 
   but i think that the ruble 's drop in value is a very good thing . 
  for everyone . 
  it causes higher inflation which means falling real income for russians , as wages and social benefits have been lagging behind the inflation already . 
  edit : do n't believe me ?
