  and that 's what he said , from his pov it 's not in his hands in this regard but gvts . 
  edit : yeah , i do like pmorski too !, 
  but his interpretation is a bit superficial there . 
  draghi did emphasize something which should be obvious to all by now long last : * `` i think one should always be mindful of what the ecb can do and what it can not do . 
  we can not replace capital that is lacking in the banking system . 
  that is quite clear . 
  we can not compensate for lack of action by governments '' * that just can not be emphasized enough no matter how long it has been said again and again . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  no tools there available . 
  and when draghi discusses low inflation and price stability he is not being evasive , that 's exactly what he 's supposed to do and discuss . 
  pmorski 's daggers towards dijsselbloem are funny as usual , but then he 's got a very good point about laiki 's ela and it 's transfer to boc . 
  seriously . 
  what happened there ? 
  i for one welcome bobleejagger 's novel spelling of our new iron dome overlords . 
  what , no wax and feathers ? 
  so say we all . 
  nonsense , lies , personal insults and feeble downvotes . 
  that 's all you got then mr.umbama ? 
  please do provide the direct evidence of a neanderthal-modern hybrid . 
  can not produce ? 
  thought so much , as even the anthropologists have not . 
  just as i said . 
  well , it does have such connotations at least here in finland - which must be my rather narrow pov on the subject . 
  ` reactionary underground ' beautiful nick . 
  but if i was to take that seriously as a political party i 'd read it as those guys would do whatever it takes to cheat , lie and promise the impossible just to get the power - i.e. 
  populism , probably even far leftist or far right . 
  fascinating as i 've never heard or even thought of the aristocratic lines you presented . 
  heh , but joking aside i think the term ` reactionary ' depends much where one comes from . 
  the contexts you present for the term are indeed interesting and informative , and i thank you for recalling and pointing out those rhetorics . 
  then again nowadays to me the term ` reactionary ' represents something along the lines of a ` knee jerk ' , merely an antithesis of long term thinking , and as such it relates to ` populism ' . 
  ah , there 's a name for it . 
  i kinda always took the phenomenom for granted based on personal experience , then later reading wittgenstein and applying related biases righ there . 
  granted , not very good approach to the problem . 
  she indeed was nominated by uk government . 
   you 've been trying - as best you 're able - to indicate how some scientific research has or has n't suggested that neanderthal dna exists in humans . 
  that 's not discussing science per se . 
  liar . 
  i 've never said such . 
  this was you : yes indeed . 
  and that would also be correct , as there 's no direct evidence for the existence of neanderthal-modern hybrids . 
  so far the evidence to support that hypothesis are results from genetic studies like neanderthal genome project . 
  your anger is just reactionary . 
  and ? 
  your point being ... ? 
   ie languages can vary widly among each other sure they can vary , even * widely * depending on definition of wide . 
  is * widly * something linguistically quantifiable here ? 
    they 're not different from prepositions and do n't offer anything wildly different . 
  nobody has claimed finnish cases would offer * wildly * different anything . 
  yet as de-zant said that among the other things he listed would appear quite odd to an english speaker . 
  would n't you agree ? 
  it 's not just the cases - most of which are more or less universal . 
  finnish is also distinctive from ie languages by it 's morphology . 
  in finnish you can easily have thousands of morphologies for a simple noun like ` talo ' ( = house ) yet at the same time being both logical and meaningful ( well , more of less ) . 
  the logic being : if you have a word , do add stuff to it and change it even beoynd all recognition if you must , just try to be consistent while doing it . 
  try uk government . 
  the european commission has 27 members ( currently ) . 
  each member is appointed by a national government . 
   in my opinion the purpose of language is not to be `` beautiful '' , interesting , strange , etc. 
  but to aid in communication . 
  common language is indeed an aid in communication . 
  but i 'd take your point further : in my opinion language is also means of thinking . 
  and as you example demonstrates to learn a new language could open new ways of thinking . 
  especially when learning a language not closely related to one 's mother tongue . 
  fta : * speaking to a brussels audience recently , lady ashton admitted that her successor , rumoured to be radek sikorski , the polish foreign minister , might be better suited for the job . 
  * * `` i think it will have been a great privilege to have served in this role , but it 's quite hard . 
  there 's a lot of travel and a lot of sitting on planes , '' she said on 16 march . 
  * so . . uhm . . who recommended her to the job in the first place ? 
  it is , but an interesting and fun read . 
  like this gem : * former us ambassador to baku matthew bryza admits : `` the chances [ of the south stream ] are excellent . 
  when the leader of russia puts his mind to a pipeline it happens '' . 
   actually , we were n't discussing ` science ' . 
  well , i 've been - as per your silly posts here i did have a suspicion that you were n't . 
  cheers for confirmation !, 
  but you kept on saying that there is no evidence of a neanderthal-modern hybrid . 
  liar . 
   and if not then what 's your point ? 
  ok , one more time to the slow gentleman in the back row : there 's no direct evidence for the existence of neanderthal-modern hybrids . 
  so far the evidence to support that hypothesis are results from genetic studies like neanderthal genome project . 
  and yes , indeed i am a silly person as i 'm the one wasting my time discussing with an ignorant and dishonest person . 
  you have a good day sir . 
  me , and you, 
  yes , i think it 's likely that cyprus will need 1 ) restructuring of public debt and 2 ) a second bailout package . 
  edit : ex-finmin sarris in the link : * `` clearly ... mistakes were made , there was excessive growth in bank credit , in government spending . 
  but i do n't think it needed to come to this . 
  `` i think this could have been corrected without this really seismic assault on the cyprus economy , '' he said . 
  * how ? 
  well unlike you , i 'm just accurate as it 's science we 're discussing . 
  no expert seriously thinks that the species h. neanderthalensis would be still [ extant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extant_taxon ) as you sillily imply . 
  to the contrary the species is generally considered very much [ extinct ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extinct ) , and all one would expect to find are the remains of them - or of neanderthal-modern hybrids if they have existed . 
  direct evidence of the existence of neanderthal-modern hybrids would be the remains of such hybrid . 
  as of yet there has been no such confirmed findings . 
  the finding in question could be it if it stands the scrutiny , which makes it interesting and newsworthy . 
  genetic studies so far are not direct evidence of the existence of such hybrids , but they do give support for the hypothesis of their existence . 
  but i already told you that , did n't i. 
  now who 's the silly person here . 
  as it 's a call on members of teachers ' union of ireland , it 's not really '' * all * cultural and academic collaboration with israel '' . 
  that would for example complicate ireland 's relations with esa as [ israel is a cooperating state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esa#enlargement ) . 
  and further israel participates in the eu research and technological development framework programme 's seven-year research and technology budget as a cooperating state : http://eeas.europa.eu/delegations/israel/eu_israel/scientific_cooperation/scientific_cooperation/index_en.htm * the most recent of the agreements that govern israel 's participation in the programmes was signed in 2007 and provides israel researchers , universities and companies with full access to the 7th rtd framework programme ( fp7 ) . 
  in addition , israeli representatives participate as observers in the fp7 implementing committees and bodies . 
  israel is set to contribute over $ 440 million to the $ 50 billion budget of the fp7 .
