  therefore it is unreasonable to compare their current roe with what may be `` pretty standard protocol '' elsewhere - unless there 's a war over there too . 
   russia is expected to return to growth late next year , or early 2017 . 
  assuming an average oil price of ? 
  last i heard there was a war going on . 
  did it already end or should we just simply disregard that ? 
   you should just look at the map i have . 
   warplanes travel at ludicrous speeds , they ca n't immediately change their direction , they got warnings multiple times . 
  they had ample time to change their heading accordingly . 
  they did n't . 
  they also had multiple opportunities to identify themselves . 
   of course , there was nothing threatening in the actions of our planes . 
  except all the actions i just listed in the comment above and you chose to disregard . 
   they probably did n't listen that frequency . 
  well , they obviously should have do n't you think ? 
  ` guard ' is the internationally agreed frequency for this kind of situations . 
  if they willingly chose not to even listen while operating over there then their recklessness is mindboggling - very unprofessional . 
  seems you 're comparing apples to oranges there . 
  what may be pretty standard somewhere else is not necessarily the standard in a warzone . 
   seriously look up turkish incursions into greek airspace - 0 respect shown i think you should put that in context : over aegean sea greece and turkey are in disagreement of what constitutes who 's airspace ( for starters see : [ aegean dispute ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute ) ) . 
  obviously there will be plenty of airspace violations depending on who you ask , and both sides will put the blame on other . 
  yet it is not all symmetrical , i believe , as it seems that past two years the number of turkey 's violations has rised steeply . 
   and the greeks did n't open fire once . 
  props to both greece and turkey for keeping it as mock dogfights only ( albeit once [ greece did shoot down a turkish f-16 ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/14350/article/ekathimerini/news/deadly-1996-aegean-clash-is-confirmed ) but that was almost two decades ago ) . 
  and hopefully the complex dispute will get resolved through negotiations some day . 
   they decided to shoot down our plane for clearly non-intentional 10s minor incursion into their airspace , the plane that did n't pose for them any danger . 
  too bad . 
  everyone knew what turkey 's current roe is . 
  they had been very vocal and clear about it warning both syria and russia multiple times . 
  disregarding all that was reckless on russia 's part . 
  futhermore , there was nothing `` clearly non-intentional '' about the violation * at the time it happened * . 
  at the time two unidentified fighter jets had disregarded all instructions to change their course and had failed to identify themselves despite multiple attempts to contact them . 
  those actions do fit the profile of possible hostiles , flying in a warzone , and towards turkish territory that has been contested by syria as theirs . 
  and when they crossed into turkish airspace their actions also did fit turkey 's roe . 
   that 's important to prevent repetition of incidents like that in the future . 
  here 's a simple , common sense preventive measure : russia should simply stop with their airspace violations . 
   our response is clearly inadequate , if they still did n't apologize . 
  who ? 
  turkey ? 
  why should they apologize ? 
   i dont think you can shoot someone for being in your yard . 
  did you accidentally post into wrong thread or something ? 
  because over here we 're not discussing yards but an airspace violation in a warzone . 
  whatever happens in your yard is irrelevant . 
   a border dispute prevents a country joining nato no , it does n't . 
  [ the myth that ukraine can not join nato while russia occupies some of its territory ] ( http://www.atlantic-community.org/-/the-myth-that-ukraine-cannot-join-nato-while-russia-occupies-some-of-its-territo-1 ), 
   nato did n't shoot down a russian airplane for 60 years . 
  correct , that did n't happen - or at least i do n't know of a single case of nato shooting down a russian plane . 
  during the cold war there were few cases of the us shooting down a * soviet * military aircraft outside of warzones . 
  and numerous , numerous cases of the * ussr * shooting down us planes outside of warzones . 
  but i do n't know how that 's even comparable here . 
  the recent incident happened in a warzone . 
  there is a war going on over there , and such things do happen in a war . 
   whatever it was , who shoots planes out of the sky - honestly . 
  a country with a war going on right across the border , and has already seen one of its planes shot down . 
  add to that the repeated airspace violations and the lock-ons by russian fighter jets , and the numerous warnings what will happen if russia does not stop doing it . 
  turkey shooting the plane down was reckless . 
  but so was russia . 
  yes , it is safe . 
  bears attacking people is rare , and bears killing people even rarer with only one victim in the last hundred years . 
  thanks to hunting , bears consider people a threat . 
  bears avoid people if possible . 
  they have acute senses and you wo n't see them if they see , smell or hear you first . 
  you do n't have to be loud but making some noise when walking in a forest helps both you and the bears to avoid each other . 
  there are some exceptions though . 
  a bear that has woken up from hibernation may be confused , so do n't go to shake its paw . 
  he does n't know what to think of it . 
  hunting is an activity where you probably try to be stealthy which increases chances of meeting a bear even if you were going after moose . 
  every few years there 's an unintended encounter with a bear and a hunter saying he had to shoot the bear as self defence - sometimes that may even be true . 
  any bear mom with cubs will consider you a serious threat and will do anything to protect the cubs , the primary method being avoiding you if possible . 
  that is not always easy for the mom to do with the cubs being the rascals they are . 
  so , sometimes an unintended encounter may happen . 
  * never ever go between a bear mom and cubs * , she will fuck you up . 
  that is how that one case of a bear killing a person happened . 
  a jogger happened to run between a bear mom and cubs . 
  the mom likely protested loudly . 
  the jogger got startled , threw his shirt towards the bear probably hoping to confuse it , and started to run away . 
  the bear , being a much faster runner than human , run after the guy and with a swing of paw cut his jugular . 
  see ? 
  bears know human anatomy and how to best fuck you up if needed . 
  a better course of action in that situation would be to keep calm and to back away slowly to the direction you came from . 
  but generally bears are not a danger . 
  mutual respect and the common courtesy of letting the bear know you 're there goes a long way in avoiding awkward encounters . 
  he did n't die from the tow hit but from earlier ground fire . 
  the helicopter that was hit by a tow was already abandoned . 
  during the search operation two mi-8 helicopters got hit by ground fire . 
  the killed russian marine was in one of those . 
  one mi-8 had to make an emergency landing , and other one had to return to base . 
  the landed crew hid into a nearby building and were rescued by another helicopter and the damaged helicopter was left behind . 
  no copters were brought down by a tow . 
  but later on a tow hit destroyed the abandoned mi-8 on ground . 
  here 's a video shot by rebels of the low flying mi-8 's conducting search : http://syriancivilwararchive.com/videos/low-flying-russian-mi-8s-over-latakia-today.mp4 and later on a tow hitting the abandoned mi-8 : http://syriancivilwararchive.com/videos/tow-hit-on-helicopter-today-in-latakia.mp4 and here 's some footage of the rescue operation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rogoqqeqal4 the rescue team was 18 syrian special forces and six hezbollah . 
   on swedish tv i heard you probably mean so-called technical gas . 
  that 's a drop in a bucket . 
  ukraine pays for russian gas upfront . 
  they have already paid for the gas delivered . 
  they just do n't need more gas now , and as they 're not buying more gas they do n't need to pay any upfront either . 
  your title is just as misleading . 
   `` ukraine refused to ~ ~ pay ~ ~ buy ~ ~ for ~ ~ russian gas '' ftfy ukraine has paid upfront for the russian gas delivered . 
  they just do n't need additional gas now . 
  their [ storages are high ] ( http://transparency.gie.eu/index.php/graphs?code=25 ) .
