  well , there certainly is some air of abusing a tragedy , but the ball started rolling even before the paris attacks - the ball just got somewhat misguided at some point . 
  the remarkable thing here is not only the sillyness of the ban but the surprise manner the commission all of sudden came up with it . 
  such eu-wide ban on all semi-automatic firearms is not in any of the earlier proposals , and it suddenly came out of nowhere . 
  apparently it was invented by the commissioner in question , i do n't know . 
  in october the european council called for the commission to open the eu firearms directive ( 91/477 ) and to revise it in order * to strengthen the means of fighting firearms trafficking * . 
  here 's the relevant document : [ council conclusions on strengthening the use of means of fighting trafficking of firearms ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2015/10/08-jha-fighting-trafficking-firearms/ ) . 
  the council did that in light of the earlier terrorist attacks ( the bataclan tragedy had n't happened yet ) : * `` noting that the terrorist attacks in paris , brussels , copenhagen earlier this year and , more recently , the thwarted thalys train attack on 21 august 2015 , have shown the need to further strengthen the use of means of fighting trafficking of firearms , '' * the thing is : they never asked for the commission to ban all semi-automatic firearms . 
  so , for whatever reason the commission or the commissioner in question came up with it by themselves , and to complete surprise of everyone else it was suddenly in their proposal for a new directive . 
  this is what the council called for :  invites the european commission to :  6 . present a proposal to revise directive 91/477 of 18 june 1991 at the latest at the beginning of 2016 in order to strengthen the firearms legislative framework , for example to improve the sharing of information on firearms , reinforce their traceability , to standardise marking and to take into account the illegal trafficking through the internet and darknet ,  7 . pending the revision of the directive 91/477 , submit at the latest by the end of 2015 a commission regulation for strong minimum standards for deactivation of firearms ,  8 . inform cosi at regular intervals on the state of play of the implementation of the action plan on illicit trafficking in firearms between the eu and the south east europe region ( 2015-2019 ) [ 9 ] ,  9 . continue working on the iarms/sis interoperability project in close cooperation with europol , interpol and the member states and to regularly inform cosi on the progress achieved with a view to enabling full interoperability between both systems in the near future , those are all pretty good measures to mitigate the sale and trafficking of illegal firearms . 
  and of note is the fact that nowhere in that document is banning semi-automatic firearms proposed . 
  which only makes sense as such measure does nothing to mitigate the sales and trafficking of illegal firearms - which was the actual purpose of revising the directive . 
  so the question is : how the hell did the commision or the commissioner all of sudden come up with the silly idea of an eu-wide ban on all semi-automatic firearms ? 
  and in the paris attacks the terrorists used assault rifles which were automatic firearms . 
  banning semi-automatic weapons as a remedy makes little sense . 
  not to mention that their assault rifles were illegal in the first place , and they are already banned . 
  the proposed changes to the firearms directive do include some good and well-thought-out measures to mitigate the sale and trafficking of illegal firearms . 
  but the proposed ban of a whole new category of legal firearms is not one of them . 
  but is n't that just what islamists would love to do . 
  getting blown up in a blaze of glory . 
  it 's a win-win . 
   literally one time several times . 
  the last time finland repelled russia 's invasion and military occupation was the defensive victory at ilomantsi july 26 - august 13 , 1944 : [ the battle of ilomantsi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_ilomantsi ) . 
  that defensive victory put the final halt on the soviet strategic offensive into finland . 
  and only after that did the soviet union drop their demands of an unconditional surrender , capitulation of armed forces and military occupation of finland , and instead agreed to go for a negotiated peace with independend finland leading to armstice in september . 
  a document with the earlier soviet prepared peace terms surfaced from russian archives in 1994 . 
  the terms included depriving finland of all its economic means , political leadership and all self-defence , sealing finland off from the outside world , interning selected population into camps etc. 
  leaving finland and it 's population totally at the mercy of the soviet occupier . 
  fortunately that fate was avoided by stopping the invasion in several decisive battles with defensive victories : tali -- ihantala , viipurinlahti , \u00c4yr\u00e4p\u00e4\u00e4-vuosalmi , tienhaara , nietj\u00e4rvi , and finally ilomantsi . 
  failing to stop the soviet offensive would have led to capitulation and unconditional surrender on those soviet terms . 
  yet that 's just the last time russia was stopped . 
  during the past several centuries russia has repeatedly raided and invaded finland . 
  the fact that finland still is n't russian shows that most of those invasions have been repelled , albeit not without heavy price . 
  in those centuries there 's also two notable times when russia has managed to militarily occupy finland . 
  in the great northern war ( 1700 -- 1721 ) russia occupied finland , and unleashed a reign of terror known as the great wrath ( 1713 -- 1721 ) during which tens of thousands finns were murdered or taken away as slaves . 
  in the finnish war ( 1808-09 ) russia won , sweden lost finland , and finland became an autonomous grand duchy in the russian empire with the emperor as the grand duke of finland . 
  the period of autonomy lasted until 1917 when finland became independend . 
  for those interested in military history the battle of ilomantsi is an interesting one to study . 
  two soviet divisions ( 176th and 289th ) attacked towards the strategically important road crossing in [ ilomantsi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilomantsi ) . 
  their goal was to take the roads , to advance behind the finnish forces that had halted the soviet strategic offensive elsewhere , and to continue the strategic offensive into finland . 
  the ensuing battle of ilomantsi lasted until august 13 . 
  the two soviet divisions were enveloped , encircled , decimated and routed leaving behind their heavy armament and ordnance . 
  that defensive victory in ilomantsi was a decisive battle and had it been lost the whole front would have collapsed . 
  it was also a game changing battle because only after that defensive victory did the soviet union drop their earlier demands of unconditional surrender leading to peace negotiations and armstice in september . 
  here 's a relevant paper : [ the battle of encirclement at ilomantsi in july-august 1944 -- an example of the application of the idea of cannae in the finnish art of war ] ( http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/13518040500544766#.vim_zmcf5_0 )  this article examines the battle of ilomantsi , the last big ww ii battle fought between the finnish and soviet armies . 
  the author argues that the battle was confusing and difficult to both belligerents . 
  the finnish forces utilized envelopment tactics that drew upon the ancient methods of warfare and those already used by them in the winter war ( 1939 -- 1940 ) . 
  the finns achieved victory , and the remnants of the two red army divisions barely escaped destruction by breaking out from the encirclements . 
  after the battle , stavka brought its offensive to a halt and gave up the demand of finland 's unconditional surrender . 
  here 's another collection of 133 historic photos of helsinki 1907-1912 by signe brander located on a map and with pictures of the same places now : http://karttalehtinen.fi/helsinki/, 
  the lack of people present in those photos is probably due to time of the year ( midsummer ? ), 
  and photographer 's preference . 
  there 's a lot more people and traffic on the streets in many other historic photo collections , for example in this collection of 163 photos from helsinki 1890-1910 : https://www.flickr.com/photos/slsarkiva/sets/72157631400680470 i really like how stylish people look in many of those photos . 
   eu member finland is officially neutral no , finland is not `` officially neutral '' . 
  after the cold war finland dropped the notion of neutrality , as there was no cold war to be neutral about , and finland became * militarily non-aligned * , and even that is [ not exactly correct any more ] ( http://www.uusisuomi.fi/kotimaa/58915-jyrki-katainen-suomi-ei-enaa-ole-taysin-liittoutumaton ) . 
  just look at the conflict with isis . 
  finland is obviously not neutral in it but is siding with france just as it should . 
   its constitution does not allow it to take part in military operations overseas . 
  no no * no * , the constitution does not say that . 
  what prevents sending direct military assistance is an ordinary law ( the law on defense forces ) . 
  and as changes to that have been in preparation since 2012 that legislation is likely to change early next year . 
   do people in your country buy bottled water for home use ? 
  for home use it 's by far mostly tap water . 
  and generally tap water quality beats bottled water : [ tap water tops bottled water in quality tests ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/tap_water_tops_bottled_water_in_quality_tests/5823225 )  in finland tap water has been found to be significantly cleaner than bottled water . 
  recent research by the national public health institute ( ktl ) has shown that bottled water may have up to 100 times more microbes than tap water , while automatic water dispensers may contain a whopping 1,000 times more bacterial content than water from the kitchen tap . 
  yup . 
  their fx buffer would last five years with * the current deficit * . 
  what the article does not mention is the fact that saudi arabia has both the tools and the fiscal space to address the budget deficit , and making the deficit smaller will also make the buffer last much longer . 
  to address the deficit they have many options or combinations of them , such as : 1 . cutting government spending . 
  just for one example gasoline is cheap and the fuel subsidies alone will cost saudi arabia up to $ 52 billion this year , or about 8 % of gdp . 
  and there 's also plenty of other spending that could be potentially cut but which has not happened yet . 
  2 . borrowing from the market . 
  saudi arabia 's credit rating remains high , interest rate low , they have little public debt , and they have access to the credit market . 
  3 . devaluating/floating currency . 
  saudi arabia has kept their peg against the us dollar , and riyal has remained steady to dollar even as the oil prices have collapsed . 
  4 . increasing taxation . 
  saudi arabia is known for dirt low taxes , and there 's the option of increasing some taxes . 
  in addition to that gdp projections estimate 2-3 % growth for this and the next year . 
  and they still have that about $ 650 billion as a cushion which will last for five years even if they do nothing . 
  the newsworthy part regarding russia is simply russian officials recognizing the new reality of persisting low oil prices , and making plans to adjust for it . 
  the thing is : russia is not fixing prices here . 
  they 're saying they plan to adjust to the reality of low prices . 
  the article just puts a strange spin on it . 
  the problem is not reading the small print . 
  all prognoses are not created equal . 
  any prediction depends on the quality of the analysis its based on , and one has to carefully read it to see if it 's worth anything . 
  what a strange article . 
  analysts and relevant organisations have been warning for a long time that oil prices will remain low ( $ 40-60 ) for years to come and wo n't significantly recover from that until 2020s . 
  we already know all that and have known for some time already . 
  nothing new in that . 
  what is newsworthy here is the fact that for the first time russian officials seem to recognize that reality . 
  so far they have been mostly making overtly optimistic statements how soon they believe the oil prices would recover . 
  this new statement differs from that line : `` we will live in a different reality . '', 
  exactly , we all have known that for long time already , welcome to the new reality mr.oreshkin . 
  so , russia is finally recognizing what 's up . 
  and they have to make new plans . 
  because so far their planning has mostly been built on false hopes of prices recovering quickly . 
  yet the article seems to spin it as some sort of escalation :  russia 's $ 40 warning is the latest escalation in a game of strategic brinkmanship between the kremlin and saudi arabia , already at daggers drawn over syria . 
  what a silly way to put it . 
  and from there on the article spirals down the silly staircase to the rabbit hole . 
  it 's as if the writer does not recognise a competitive free market when he sees one but believes it must be some sort of geopolitical conspiracy .
