   your ideology out of curiosity : what 's my ideology ? 
  i mean besides being `` hypocritical '' . 
   could anybody explain this to me ? 
  here in finland people often use it as an additional pension saving plan . 
  so when they retire they get their public pension plus the private one - i.e. 
  a bigger pension . 
  the payments are tax-deductible up to a certain sum . 
  the popularity of private pension saving plans and also private medical insurances have been on a long term rise . 
  what 's with the downvotes ? 
  itt it looks more and more that people downvote by their ideology . 
  people , seriously , get a grip . 
   if you reply to some person 's comments with something that looks like a retort , then that person will assume it 's a retort and not some side note . 
  well , it 's not a retort and certainly does not look like one . 
  i mean , look at it . 
  if it was a retort it would certainly say so . 
  perhaps you just read too much to merely providing an informative link . 
  nvm and carry on . 
  it 's 2013 . 
  2013-1998 = 15 years . 
  if i claim that year 2028 is `` present '' , would you agree ? 
  as i said krugman 's doom and gloom of 1998 did n't happen . 
  edit : okay , instead of downvoting how about explaining in what way year 2028 could be seen as `` present '' . 
   ehm ... we are in a deflation ... 
  it 's 2013 now . 
  that 's ** 15 years ** after krugman 's claim . 
  as i said did n't happen , the ez did not enter deflation as per krugman . 
  if one goes making predictions and then allows * any * arbitrary timeframe to evaluate them , of course some of the guesses will be correct . 
  hacks , quacks and prophets has used that tactic through ages . 
  does n't make the predictions correct though . 
   tl ; dr : i do n't think that there is some kind of correlation between size of the government and growth . 
  from your linked paper : the results on industrial countries are not fully conclusive , but seem to attribute more efficiency to smaller rather than to larger governments . 
  ** public sector reforms to consolidate the size of government are therefore likely to enhance the sector 's own productivity and thereby positively contribute to overall economic performance . 
   the original argument was `` if france is doing so well ... how come so many young , french professionals are coming to london to find jobs and to start businesses ? '' . 
  i 've never made such an argument , please do not falsely assign it to me . 
   if you just wanted to provide the data as a sidenote and not as a retort , then it would probably be better if you said so . 
  well i did . 
  never claimed that france was failing . 
  just provided information about the french expat community in london as you seemed unaware of that thing . 
  by all means no need to say thanks . 
   his euro breakup predictions did not happen yep , did n't happen . 
  interestingly in that article from 1998 he did n't ( yet ) predict breakup of the ez . 
  instead in those days his doom and gloom scenario was japan-like deflation : * the clear and present danger is , instead , that europe will turn japanese : that it will slip inexorably into deflation , that by the time the central bankers finally decide to loosen up it will be too late . 
  * ( krugman , 1998 ) needless to say did n't happen either . 
   that 's anecdotal evidence at best . 
  [ london , france 's sixth biggest city ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18234930 ), 
   again with latvia ? 
  their `` solution '' was mass emigration yeah , let 's blame it all on the reforms , shall we ? 
  as if there was no large scale emigration from latvia already before the crisis hit in 2008 as a credit market burst . 
  here 's population of latvia [ since 2005 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y8sqvd9 ) certainly emigration grew during the financial crisis compared to previous years , but it has been on decline since 2010 and immigration is growing , [ see graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sux59nf )  if someone can tell me were to send 5 million italian unemployed then we 're saved . 
  how about fixing your economy ? 
  might that be of help ? 
  you could start from basic stuff like paying taxes instead of covering government expences with ever growing debt , and putting the corruption in check . 
   european states have had different starting positions with different policies , and the outcomes has been different everywhere and ca n't be interpreted straightforwardly . 
  indeed there are significant differences . 
  yet krugman goes `` latvia is new argentina '' . 
  sometimes his comparisons have been not only uninformative but downright misleading . 
   why have n't italy been expelled yet ? 
  how would a country be expelled from schengen ? 
  why do you think illegal immigrants have in the past preferred to enter greece over bulgaria ? 
  because greece has been and is in schengen . 
  had bulgaria been in schengen they also would have had more irregular crossings . 
  nowadays the situation has changed after the greece-turkey border was fenced . 
  the irregular crossings into greece have dropped , and consequently risen in bulgaria . 
  that 's why also bulgaria is now fencing the border : [ bulgarian army builds border fence with turkey ] ( http://www.novinite.com/view_news.php?id=154891 ), 
   bulgaria 's border with turkey is minuscule [ the border line between bulgaria and turkey amounts to 288 km ] ( http://www.euborderregions.eu/research-content/case-studies/tr-bg-kirklareli-burgas ) , which is longer than the border between greece and turkey ( 201 km ) . 
  after considerable rise in irregular crossings bulgaria is now fencing the border : [ bulgarian army builds border fence with turkey ] ( http://www.novinite.com/view_news.php?id=154891 ) greece had fenced their border earlier : [ land border sealed , greek police chief says ] ( http://euobserver.com/fortress-eu/118439 )  and romania 's border with ukraine , moldova is no longer than the border between finland and russia . 
  at 1,340 km the border between finland and russia is long indeed . 
   those are legitimate concerns . 
  but those are not the only reasons unanimity has n't happened . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  i do not take the stated reasons as just kidding . 
  i take them as real concerns . 
   that news , and all the others like it are signs that justice is working , and corruption is being delt with . 
  an unintended side-effect of anti-corruption picking up strenght . 
  just like the recent arrest of 17 border guards in albita for bribery . 
  yes , justice system dealing with corruption and making it public are very good signs of making progress on the issue . 
  also the cooperation and verification mechanism reports on bulgaria 's and romania 's progress with judicial reforms , fight against corruption and , in bulgaria , the fight against organised crime : http://ec.europa.eu/cvm/progress_reports_en.htm  but you ca n't change goalposts mid-game . 
  you ca n't say it depends on the technical criteria , and when they are met go `` we 'll block you for as long as we can find excuses , be they legitimate or not '' . 
  but it does n't depend on the technical criteria by the ec . 
  it 's not in their hands . 
  it needs an unanimous decision in the council of ministers where every country has to support it . 
  it depends on * trust * . 
  and calling the stated concerns excuses or political ploys does not built that trust . 
   you do realise that with italy and greece , you are teaching us that we only have to make it seem like we are n't corrupt untill we get in . 
  then we can get away with anything . 
  why would anyone explicitly want to learn after corruption elsewhere ? 
  that sounds like you 're not serious about this . 
  guarding the external border is not a small responsibility to take . 
  so how about promulgating the needed trust by raising the bar , and as we already know both romania and bulgaria have been and are making progress on the issues . 
   he was n't the one that said both romania and bulgaria are ready for schengen entry , it was the european commission that did . 
  fwiw , actually in the quote he is saying exactly that . 
  the ec has said that both countries have fulfilled the technical requirements for schengen accession . 
  but the accession itself is not in the hands of the ec . 
  it needs an unanimous decision in the council of ministers where every country has to support it . 
  if any one of the countries thinks that romania and bulgaria are not ready then the unanimous support will not be there . 
  so far unanimous support has not happened and the reasons for that have been concerns over shortcomings in anti-corruption measures , in the fight against organised crime , and potential influx of illegal immigrants . 
  guarding the external border is not a small responsibility to take . 
  therefore what is needed is to get every single country convinced that romania and bulgaria are actually ready . 
  a helpful strategy is to demonstrate that there are no reasons for concern over 1 ) corruption , 2 ) organized crime , and 3 ) illegal immigration regarding border control . 
  less helpful strategies would be for example publicly insinuating that those concerns are only a political ploy , going after red herrings such as the roma , pointing out the problems of others ( e.g.
