  very islamic . 
  yes , it has attracted psychopaths and adventure seekers , drawn largely from the disaffected populations of the middle east and europe . 
  but the religion preached by its most ardent followers derives from coherent and even learned interpretations of islam . 
   virtually every major decision and law promulgated by the islamic state adheres to what it calls , in its press and pronouncements , and on its billboards , license plates , stationery , and coins , `` the prophetic methodology , '' which means following the prophecy and example of muhammad , in punctilious detail . 
  muslims can reject the islamic state ; nearly all do . 
  but pretending that it is n't actually a religious , millenarian group , with theology that must be understood to be combatted , has already led the united states to underestimate it and back foolish schemes to counter it . 
  we 'll need to get acquainted with the islamic state 's intellectual genealogy if we are to react in a way that will not strengthen it , but instead help it self-immolate in its own excessive zeal . 
   everyone should stop listening to saudi arabia on everything . 
  well , let 's try to do that anyway . 
  let 's eavesdrop a bit and listen what saudi arabia 's foreign minister had to say in the vienna talks about syria and the elephants in the room : http://www.al-akhbar.com/node/246117 ( the english language audio recording is at the bottom of the article ), 
   on poroshenko being an insider : https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/06kiev1706_a.html well of course poroshenko was a our ukraine ( ou ) insider in 2006 . 
  our ukraine is ** a political party ** in ukraine and was poroshenko 's party in 2002 -- 2012 . 
  he certainly was a our ukraine insider in 2006 . 
  only conspiratards that know nothing read it as he was our insider in ukraine . 
  that 's silly as it 's clear to anyone with half of brain that our ukraine ( ou ) is a political party of which he was a member at the time . 
  that is also common knowledge , not a state secret suddenly revealed in a leak . 
  they actually did get attention in the media . 
  and in 2012 one of the women activists samar badawi was awarded international women of courage award by the us department of state . 
  ^ a very accurate summary of his column . 
  no solutions , just venting hot air . 
  okay . 
   really want to beat terror ? 
  yes , i 'm all ears for your proposals how to achieve exactly that . 
   then calm down and think okay , i 'm ready . 
  now how about your proposal on how to beat terror . 
  oh , you did n't provide any . 
  all i could find was this :  our task is now first to mourn with our french friends and allies . 
  and after that , to think rather than to shout . 
  not saying thinking is n't a good idea but i do n't think it is going to be enough . 
  i do n't think that 's very fair as my question was not about britain but a comparison between sweden and finland , and i do n't know where you got britain into it . 
  i can not name a single south-african brand but that 's not relevant to the comparison from the beginning . 
  hit the nail on the head right there . 
  also , this :  to be a liberal in an age of terror requires us to defy robert frost 's aphorism about the man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel . 
  our grandparents went to war to smash totalitarianism and it falls to our generation to show similar foresight and courage . 
  we can be more than over-indulged crybabies whining about `` safe spaces '' and `` trigger warnings '' and our 17 flavours of gender . 
  in other news [ is conflict : us-led air strikes ` destroy 116 is oil trucks ' ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34836030 ) airstrikes against daesh oil networks is nothig new . 
  that has been done since last year . 
  an important consideration is the future : you do n't want to totally destroy the oil infrastructure because it will be needed after daesh is gone . 
  the problem was that bombing was not very effective because daesh could easily replace what had been destroyed and continue their oil business . 
  when you target easily replaceable parts , they will get quickly replaced . 
  under past month or so the oir has stepped up the strikes against oil infrastructure and the target selection has been changed . 
  the operation was started oct 21 , and it 's called the operation tidal wave ii after [ this bombing operation in wwii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_tidal_wave ) . 
  they still do n't want to totally destroy the oil infrastructure as it will be needed in the future . 
  what is being done is targeting in a way that : 1 ) renders a facility inoperable without levelling it , and 2 ) destroys hard to replace parts of it . 
  here 's some videos from earlier this month : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bugqkl_ns0a https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rua-dex9kcs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=979v-nhamiu also , operation inherent resolve spokesman col. steven warren ( [ @oirspox ] ( https://twitter.com/oirspox ) ) discussed it in this press briefing almost a week ago : https://www.dvidshub.net/video/435339/pentagon-press-briefing#.vkykzrhr-71 ( see : @ 9:30 with some strike videos , @ 34:50 , @ 40:15 , @ 48:40 ) now , arguably trucks may not be very difficult to replace . 
  destroy one and another one will take its place . 
  but when there 's an opportunity to destroy such large number of them it brings a serious blow to daesh ' oil business . 
   their export lists do n't look that different that graph only shows exports of goods by certain categories ( is that hs92 ? ) . 
  you should look at the exports more carefully . 
  consumer goods is about 30 % of sweden 's exports , and exports of services is about 29-36 % ( 2011 ) depending on how you measure it : https://www.wto.org/english/res_e/statis_e/miwi_e/paper_june11_e.htm, 
   what are you saying then ? 
  one more fucking time , and this will be the last time , saatana : when your exports are investment driven , they wont happen unless there is * new investment * in the export markets . 
  for example , no-one will build a new factory just because finnish machinery is suddenly 10 % cheaper than before . 
  a new factory will get built only when there will be new demand for its products , and you have no excess production capacity to meet the growth in demand . 
  there will be investment in new production capacity only when there 's demand for it . 
  not just because finnish exports got a bit cheaper . 
   are you seriously saying prices do n't matter for investments ? 
  if finnish products are expensive compared to others , investments will be done with other products . 
  why are you intentionally misreading what i wrote ? 
   someone is always investing . 
  good for them . 
  now go sell some finnish exports to them . 
   the options are wage cuts , which are either painful or slow , or an independent floating currency . 
  the latter is not a realistic option . 
  will never happen and that 's it . 
   do you know of any economists that emphasize the share of investment goods vs competitiveness ? 
  there has been plenty of discussion of this among finnish economists and experts . 
  no , ca n't remember the names right now . 
   can you explain to me with examples what you mean by finnish exports being mostly investment driven ? 
  someone wants to invest into new production . 
  they will need new machinery . 
  finland exports machinery . 
  someone wants to invest into new tourist services . 
  they want a new cruise liner . 
  finland exports cruise liners . 
  someone wants to invest into new skyscraper . 
  they need elevators for that . 
  finland exports such elevators . 
  etc , etc those are some examples of investment driven exports . 
  they only happen when there 's investments into new production or services , when someone in the export markets is expanding their business . 
  during an economic downturn consumer demand gets hit . 
  and when consumer demand goes down also investments into new production go down because there is no sense to built a new factory if there is no new demand for its products . 
  and if the downturn in consumer demand stays low for a long time then production will have to be cut - you turn off some of the production lines which leaves you with excess of production capacity . 
  after the downturn the consumer demand will start to grow . 
  but as there will be slack in the production capacity there wo n't be need to invest into new production . 
  over time when consumer demand has remained high and the existing production capacity starts to get used to its full will there be investments into new production . 
  nokia lost in phone business due to strategic mistakes . 
  but after selling its phone business nokia is doing well with over 12 bn $ revenue . 
  yes , but as i said the reason why it 's not boosting finnish exports is them being by far mostly investment driven . 
  if you export more consumer goods than finland ( only 10 % of exports ) then cheaper euro would better boost your exports . 
  eli5 : they do more different things in sweden than in finland . 
  and they sell more different things than finland . 
  try this without googling or such : name five swedish products of brands that you know . 
  then name five finnish . 
   it does if your products are too expensve . 
  you do n't seem to understand or just ignore how investment driven exports work . 
  they 're very different from consumer goods . 
  one more tiem : it does not matter how much investment driven exports cost when no-one is investing . 
  without investments into new production there is little demand for those . 
  it 's not a matter of price but lack of demand .
