  because there 's limited amount of stuff one can produce and export . 
  you ca n't sell it everywhere all the time , so you 'll sell it to some markets . 
  they were selling some of their stuff to russia . 
  now they 'll simply sell that part to other markets such as the eu . 
  i do n't get what the big deal is here ? 
  there 's quite big markets for chicken , fruits , and vegetables out there . 
  russians are certainly not the only ones eating food . 
   guess the us was lying last year when they started bombing isis . 
  refineries , oil rigs and the fuel supply were supposed the first targets . 
  they were targeted and bombed already last year . 
  the problem was the damage was repaired . 
  so a better plan was needed . 
  and in october the coalition started their new campaign which has been very effective . 
  the effectiveness of that campaign is the reason we see hundreds of oil trucks concentrated in the desert because of back-logs caused by the new accurate stikes on oil facilities . 
   how is it possible that the russian can destroy so much oil related infrastructure and hundreds of vehicles after more than one year of coalition airstrikes ? 
  it is n't and they have n't . 
  russia has made many nonsensical claims about the effectiveness of their inaccurate dumb bombs such as claiming to have destroyed first 500 and then no less than 1000 oil trucks in one strike . 
  those nice round numbers are obvious bullshit . 
  brave little taylor comes to mind . 
   desecration what you believe they are sacred ? 
   it probably comes from the millions of soldiers that gave their life so the polish and others `` sub-humans '' slavs did n't end up 1/3 exterminated , 1/3 enslaved and 1/3 `` germanificated '' . 
  the soviet union invaded poland with germany in 1939 . 
  they did it together , they even had an agreement about that . 
  on its occupied eastern half of poland the soviet union immediately proceeded to arrest , mass murder and deport people including women and children . 
  during their reign of terror 1939-41 the soviets murdered at least 150,000 people , imprisoned 500,000 and deported more than 1,200,000 . 
  then the soviets unleashed another reign of terror in poland in 1944 . 
  and then some are opionating that poles should be grateful , and respect the ugly monuments celebrating that . 
   there is nothing wrong about bombing all internationally recognized terrorist groups . 
  fuck yeah , let 's start bombing internationally recognized terrorist group hezbollah in syria at long last . 
  no wait . . russia is flying air strikes * for * them , not against them . 
   turkey is doing the same to greece , i just think it is hypocritical . 
  greece and turkey have contested airspace over the aegean . 
  they both repeatedly violate other 's airspace depending on which one you ask . 
   also , russia was fighting isis that area is not in hands of isis . 
  and in syria only a small fraction of russian airstrikes has actually been against isis . 
  they 're there primarily to prop up assad with air support . 
   never had any intention at all to bomb turkey , so i do n't get what the big deal is you can not know the intentions on an unidentified fighter jet coming from a warzone failing to identify while disregarding all instructions given to it . 
  syria has breached turkis airspace before , syria has also shelled turkish territory , and in fact syria has claimed the turkish territory as its own . 
  turkey has good reasons for their roe . 
  had the russian fighter identified itself and followed the instructions it would have gone differently . 
   literally just 1 person in the uk no , it is very well networked in syria - not just a single person . 
  the key word being * realistically * . 
   soon it will be easier for putin to just keep a list of non sanctioned countries . 
  right , and let 's keep in mind that these are technically not legal sanctions . 
  instead of imposing sanctions in accordance of international law and treaties , russia has imposed import bans in breach of the treaties while stating nonsense excuses for doing it . 
  for example they claimed that turkish chicken or tomatos have suddenly in one day become substandard or hazardous to russian consumers . 
  and that 's obvious bullshit . 
  if turkey was to take it to international dispute settlement they could legally seek compensation for damages from russia , and turkey would have a good case . 
  but countries rarely bother . 
   turkey shot down a russian plane and refuses to apologise for the transgression apologise for what exactly ? 
  afaik there 's two very different versions of what transpired , and in the russian version even the path of the aircraft makes no sense . 
  and if the turkish version is correct there 's nothing to apologise for as the mistake is on the russians . 
  so what exactly should turkey apologise ? 
  should they simply approve the russian nonsense version on the events and apologise for that ? 
  or stick to their version ? 
   so if that is not a reason to sanction a nation , then what is ? 
  no , it really is n't a reason . 
  if it was then there would be international sanctions in accordance with international treaties and laws . 
  a reason for sanctions could be for example invading , occupying and annexing neighboring country or parts of it , as has happened in ukraine , or other transgressions of international treaties and law . 
  and if russia considers that international law has been transgressed here then they should call for international investigation for example through the un sc . 
  instead russia has produced a list of excuses by making silly claims : no-one believes turkish chicken or tomatos have become hazardous to russians all of sudden in one day , yet they claim that is the reason for the import bans . 
  so far they have produced a nonsense version of events , imposed nonsense import restrictions , and nonsense travel bans . 
  additionally russia 's actions are in breach of the international trade treaties they have ratified themselves as a wto member . 
  and turkey could seek compensation from russia through the relevant dispute mechanisms in place . 
  but in practise , despite russia having done similar antics time and time again , countries rarely bother to take the issue further and the companies affected seek other markets instead . 
  [ google link to get you through the paywall ] ( https://www.google.fi/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewjd8_phwlfjahvimhikhwqgaaaqfgggmaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.ft.com%2fcms%2fs%2f0%2f09286c78-9685-11e5-9228-87e603d47bdc.html&amp;usg=afqjcngcuhzxubmsogrgy90raqptckf89g ), 
   say it plainly deceleration  15.8 to 15.3 uhm ... the last inflation rate number from oct is actually 15.6 % . 
  look at the graph . 
   why would you to to only to the past 6 months instead of its high ? 
  because the question is not what was the highest point but what the inflation rate is doing . 
  if it was currently slowing down then we 'd see a graph where it is falling . 
  yet what we see is not slowing down but remaining about the same . 
   in average that give you a minus -0,1 % per week of decline never heard of such metric before . 
  is this the part where we invent new metrics for fun ? 
   i assume the annual inflation rate is set to dip toward 12 % by the end of the year from its current rate of between 15 % and 16 % , because of a base effect . 
  yes , as the inflation rate was high already in nov and dec 2014 that will be reflected in the coming year-on-year numbers . 
  try looking further into graph , to me it looks like inflation rate has remained more or less the same for the past six months ( 15.3-15 .8 % ) . 
  that 's not slowing down , that 's remaining the same . 
  well , does n't look like much of a slow down happening so far : [ graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nunob2i.png ) and were inflation rate to reach the projected 12.7 % by the end of the year it should be falling pretty dramatically . 
  of course , what helps a bit statistically is the fact that nov and dec 2014 had already high inflation rates and that will be reflected in the coming year-on-year numbers . 
  my god , executivemonkey is ken m in disguise . 
  now we have to limit our posts to reposts of executivemonkey . 
  there 's certainly both room and need for more * precision * air strikes , both tactical and strategic , by the coalition ( 1 ) . 
  the us has been conducting by far the majority of the coalition air strikes ( overall ~ 80 % ) , and they will step up when uss harry s. truman arrives to the gulf ( 2 ) . 
  and earlier also the gulf states in the coalition ( saudi-arabia , qatar , bahrain , uae ) conducted air strikes against isis but then the yemen thing happened and they have been concentrating on it since leaving more of the burden on the us . 
  good thing that france brought the cdg in operations , and hopefully the uk commits more strike capabilities in the future . 
  there 's also always need for more * well-trained * ground troops . 
  even if local militia guys want to fight isis they 're not necessarily up to the task . 
  running around with spray & pray tactics is not that effective other than getting you killed . 
  not that isis is better trained or better at fighting but they tend to have good defences built . 
  1 ) and i mean coalition , as the precision of the russian strikes is not very good and only a small fraction of them have been against isis anyway . 
  2 ) there has been no us carrier on the gulf since october after uss theodore roosevelt left because of growing repair back-log . 
  during its operations on the gulf the carrier launched about 1,800 sorties against isis in iraq and syria . 
   the west is hitting strategic targets , and tactical targets . 
  the coalition is doing * both * and has been doing that for a long time . 
   there is little to no ground to air coordination atm . 
  the ground troops have been and are conducting tactical target designation for air strikes . 
  coalition conducts air strikes to support the advance of ground troops . 
  for example , during ground attacks the coalition is hitting daesh fighting positions as designated . 
  examples of air strikes conducted on nov. 26 , note the tactical strikes : \u2022 near fallujah , two strikes struck an isil tactical unit and destroyed an isil rocket rail , an isil fighting position , an isil improvised explosive device ( ied ) cache , and an isil command and control node .
