  for me as a finn even the eurozone membership is a better security coverage than the vague clauses in the eu treaties . 
  because if an ez country gets invaded it 's gon na cost a lot for everyone . 
  and even that is n't much of a guarantee . 
  the de facto defence alliance of the eu is nato . 
  we do not have any mechanism comparable to that in the eu . 
  we did try to develop the weu but that failed as nato members saw the obvious sillyness of the overlap . 
  and after that failure there 's only nato . 
  ( try listing the defence alliances in europe ), 
  since when has he needed more internal support ? 
  map . 
  you two go get a room . 
  your answer so far has been ` nope ' or simpe denial . 
  it has become obvious such a simple basic question is too much for you to consider , think , and answer . 
  it has also become obvious you can not comprehend even the most basic concepts of geopolitics . 
  and then you have the nerve to claim others are playing naive here . 
  okay . 
  i do n't think sweden is neutral about ` nope ' whatever that would even mean . 
  so , for the nth time . 
  please be more specific , neutrality about what exactly ? 
   neutrality about what exactly ? 
  please do stop confusing neutrality with being militarily non-aligned . 
  they are fundamentally different things . 
  sometimes under specific circumstances they may appear the same ( such as during the cold war ) but they are not . 
   so please be more specific : neutrality about what exactly ? 
   military non-aligned is pretty much what is called neutral , no , it is n't . 
  but you 're doing that for some reason . 
   you have some kind of neutrality in modern world neutrality about what exactly ? 
  please do stop confusing neutrality with being militarily non-aligned . 
  they are fundamentally different things . 
  sometimes under specific circumstances they may appear the same ( such as during the cold war ) but they are not . 
  so please be more specific : neutrality about what exactly ? 
  russian gon na russian even if cook him in da butter hes gon na russian . 
  i just wan na chill and twist the la. '', 
   you are far better looking with neutral status . 
  sweden is not neutral . 
  neither is finland neutral . 
  you 're confusing being militarily non-aligned with neutrality . 
  what being neutral means that you take no stance on a particular issue . 
  if that issue happens to be a conflict in your region you can claim to be neutral regarding that conflict . 
  during the cold war the issue sweden claimed to be neutral about was the cold war . 
  when the cold war ended it was no longer the issue to be neutral about . 
  now both sweden and finland are members of the eu . 
  while they 're both militarily non-aligned they 're not neutral . 
  or more precisely : neutral about what exactly ? 
  let 's clauzel moar by going trilingual . 
  '' * `` considering our geographic location finland 's three main security challenges are russia , russia and russia '' - finnish defence minister jyri h\u00e4k\u00e4mies , 2007 och samma p\u00e5 svenska : * `` svenskar \u00e4ro vi inte l\u00e4ngre , ryssar vilja vi inte bli , l\u00e5t oss allts\u00e5 bli finnar '' * `` swedes are we no more , russians we do n't want to become , so let us be finns '' - adolf ivar arwidsson , 19th cent . 
   i just read in a different article on / r/europe [ 1 ] that the swedish proposal the article is quite clear that it is not * the * swedish proposal but just that of one party . 
  the center party leader has proposed that for her party , and it is to be voted on in the next party convention . 
  if her proposal passes then it will accepted on party 's agenda . 
  so , there 's a long way for that to become * the * swedish proposal if it ever will . 
  their condition of both sweden and finland joining simultaneously does make sense . 
  the relevant geography has not changed ( duh ) , and sweden does have more options than finland : 1 . neither joins nato . 
  available to both but not necessarily equally . 
  2 . finland joins nato . 
  then sweden can still choose whether to join or not . 
  the baltic region could be mostly secured by nato umbrella even without sweden joining , but that would depend on nato presence in finland . 
  there would likely not be new nato bases in finland , but if there was then it would become more tenable for sweden not to join . 
  3 . sweden joins nato , then finland has no other option but to join as soon as possible , because finland would become even more naked & alone than it already is ( just look at the geography ) . 
  4 . both join nato together , which is better for the security in the baltic region than options 2 or 3 . 
  whether it 's better than the first one is debatable . 
  edit :  similar agreement like norway 's ( no nukes or troops ) that sounds reasonable . 
  if both finland and sweden join nato simultaneously there would be no need for new nato bases in either of them . 
  if finland joined alone then sweden would have to consider whether there would also be a new nato base in finland . 
  if so , then sweden would not have to join - but if not then joining nato would become better option for sweden . 
  it makes sense for finland and sweden to join together as then no new nato bases would be needed . 
  the no nukes condition is also reasonable , and has a history of its own in the nordic region . 
  the nordic nuclear-weapon-free zone ( finland , sweden , norway , denmark ) was an initiative by the finnish president urho kekkonen with the aim of preventing nordic countries from becoming a nuclear exchange battleground . 
  he initiated that during the height of the cold war in 1963 , and despite facing opposition from some of the countries kekkonen persisted on that initiative for over two decades . 
  why do that ? 
  the answer becomes obvious just by looking at a map . 
  finland 's geographic position made it a prime target for nukes both from the us and the ussr . 
  kekkonen obviously had looked at the map , and after the cuban missile crisis he became vehement on what was obvious : in case of war between the east and the west finland would be a strategic region for both , both would be ready to deny that area from the other , and both the soviets and the us would have nuclear targets in finland . 
  that assessment is pretty much common sense , and of course he was correct . 
  some of the nuclear targets in finland were later confirmed after the end of cold war . 
  in the '90s the clinton administration published a list of their 23 ( iirc ) nuclear targets in finland saying they have stopped being targeted . 
  russia has never come clear on their nuclear targets in finland . 
  it is indeed surreal . 
  i have never gotten banned from a sub for any of my posts or comments there , but i have gotten banned from subreddits i have never even posted to , commented in , or participated in any way . 
  apparently it 's some sort of social justice/feminist preventive measure , just in case if it ever so happened that i went in any of those subs and wrote an opinion they do n't agree with . 
  banning people , deleting posts and comments is of course reddit 's right and also that of the moderators of a sub . 
  reddit is obviously not a free-speech platform any more but a private company that can limit their service any way they like . 
  yet it is sad to see what has become of reddit . 
  i 've been here for 7-8 years . 
  and i remember well when reddit actually was about freedom of speech , even organising campaigns for defending that value . 
  now , in an attempt at rewriting recent history , we have heard from the new ceo that reddit is not about free speech and never was `` a bastion of free speech '' . 
  okay , then it 's not , and as a private company reddit may certainly choose not to value freedom of speech . 
  but it is a bit strange to lie to our faces about the recent past . 
  and it 's even more infuriating to think that their bullies got to pretend to be the victims with their opus moderandi darvo : deny , attack , reverse victim and offender . 
  and that a leading leftist paper guardian , which i used to have in high regard as reporting facts goes , participated in the spreading of lies and falsehoods even against evidence . 
  the poll was originally published by svenska dagbladet : http://www.svd.se/starkt-opinion-for-natomedlemsskap looks like there has been a rapid swing towards yes : [ graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z96nlbu.jpg ), 
   who are in turn condemned by other feminists . 
  show me , please . 
  interested to read about that . 
  no , i do n't think that 's healthy at all , and certainly not discourse . 
  as a liberal person i already shun at condemning speech or ideas as that does not foster discourse , and condemning people is even worse and certainly not healthy . 
   i do n't use twitter nor am a journalist , nor live in france and i 'm sure as hell not going to somehow `` prove '' to you what 's my stance on this . 
  i never asked for you personally to prove me anything . 
   have n't you just assumed that i was outraged and performed a witch hunt about a joke or something ? 
  yet it was actually * you * who suddenly appeared as the spokesperson for western european progressive left by replying to my comment and by saying that '' * we * despise it with burning passion , * we * just do n't claim ... '', 
   this is sub totally conquered by / pol / .
