  and how many percent of gdp growth that translates to ? 
  as i said : drop in the bucket . 
    in other words it does not in any way mean that turkey 's construction sector is `` the world 's 2nd largest '' . 
   i 've never said the it 's largest by the terms of volume ... yeah , i see how you have weasel-edited your comment after i pointed out how silly your original claim was . 
  okay , you go on believing you never said that mr. 
  integrity . 
   there is no way to prove whether they heard it or not . 
  that point is moot . 
  that 's akin to saying there 's no way to prove whether a drunk driver saw the red light or not . 
  he bloody well should have . 
  the same goes with the russian pilots : we know there were warnings issued on guard , which is an internationally agreed channel for such communications . 
  if they did not hear the warnings on the guard , then they can blame themselves for not listening to guard , which they bloody well should have listened to . 
  those pilots were reckless . 
   it is not normal to have a war zone next to your border . 
  indeed . 
  and it 's disingenuous to disregard that fact , and then proceed to make comparisons with roes in countries without warzones . 
  the ongoing war is very relevant here , as are all the previous incidents with aircrafts shot down at the turkey-syria border . 
   nit the least of which being that a single plane flying away from turkish mainland and going 1 mile into their airspace can not be considered by any reasonable person to be a threat . 
  that 's just silly . 
  a fighter jet , fails to identify itself after repeated communications attempts , disregards all instructions to change course , and then enters airspace despite all communications attemtps is easily considered a threat by a reasonable person . 
  it is you who is being unreasonable by the virtue of your 20/20 hindsight . 
  and just by a simple communication on the internationally agreed channel the pilots could have identified themselves and solved the issue . 
   it was a dangerous and reckless escalation of the conflict that was not needed . 
  yes , russians ' and turkey 's actions were reckless . 
   doing what they did sets a dangerous precedent . 
  nothing that has n't happened before . 
  i mean , during the cold war the soviets even flew into finnish airspace to shoot american planes down . 
  never succeeded though . 
   anyway , you 'll all know better than i if the numbers on this map are correct . 
  difficult to say as the map does not present any numbers . 
  all i see is a bunch of red bars . 
   what are your sources , really ? 
  take a look at for example this assessment : [ construction sector turkey ] ( https://www.securities.com/emis/sites/default/files/emis%20insight%20-%20turkey%20construction%20sector%20report.pdf )  if you take a look at european international contractors , and it says although construction 's direct share of gdp is around 6 % it 's a bit smaller than that . 
   when the sector 's impact on other parts of the economy is taken into account it 's around 30 % and 10 % of the working population employed in and around the sector . 
  but this is not solely because of construction projects in russia . 
  that 's first and foremost construction in turkey . 
  for example , turkey is the fourth biggest cement producer in the world with about 71 million tons in 2013 . 
  yet the vast majority of it , about 61 million tons , was consumed domestically . 
  that 's a lot of construction happening in turkey . 
   or if you take a look at engineering news records top contractors list , you can see that turkey comes after china by the means of contractors . 
  number of international contractors = / = volume of the sector in other words it does not in any way mean that turkey 's construction sector is `` the world 's 2nd largest '' . 
  that 's insane . 
  what you 're looking at is the number of contractors with international projects . 
  and that is indeed very heterogenic with numerous companies with contracts all over the world in more than 100 countries . 
   if you take a look at development bank of turkey 's reports , it clearly states that , growth in turkey from 2002 was a growth based on construction sector . 
  it also says that , the sector is directly 10 % , and when the sector 's impact on other parts of the economy is taken into account it 's around 25 % . 
  yes , the growth of the turkish construction sector has been * one * of the main drivers of growth in turkey . 
  but again , that 's mainly because of * domestic * construction . 
  the growth by russian projects is a drop in the bucket , and even if they did suddenly 100 % disappear the construction sector would still be growing because * russia is not the only country in the world where there 's construction * . 
   i do n't assume that you know better than these guys , right mate ? 
  no , it is * you * who knows nothing . 
  you do n't even understand the difference between volume and count . 
  never mind between domestic consumption and exports . 
  then you tell others to look at your silly numbers again , as if they magically turn correct just by looking at them . 
   take a look at the numbers again than . 
  yup . 
  after taking another look at your numbers they 're still bullshit . 
  and turkish construction sector does not magically grow to $ 100 bn nor to `` world 's 2nd largest '' by looking at your silly numbers . 
  so do n't ask me to look at them again , and stop repeating bullshit in the hopes of it turning into shinola . 
   so in an ultra competed market such as construction , you consider losing your largest client as a non-issue ? 
  learn to read , child . 
  that 's not what i wrote . 
   please factor in that construction also ties into industrial production of cement , steel and others , which also is influenced by this . 
  no you . 
  please provide the relevant numbers so we can assess your proposed effects . 
   i 'm saddened by the state of our school-system in finland . 
  and i 'm saddened by the poor state of literacy in whatever country they have tried to teach you to read in . 
   1 ) finland , [ staring at own shoes intensifies ], 
   i never made any claim about whether they heard the warnings or not . 
  but the russians did . 
  and as you repeated their claim as a support for your argument i just pointed out the flaws in it . 
   you can tell someone to not enter your airspace , that still does n't make it normal or customary to shot the plane down . 
  it is also not normal or customary to have a warzone right next to your border , with one of the belligerents ( syrian gov ) making claims on your territory and shelling it . 
  that should normally affect a number of security assessments and procedures , do n't you think ? 
  that 's utter bullshit . 
  in 2013 construction was about 69 bn try ( ~ 24 bn usd ) or about 4,4 % of the gdp . 
  that 's far cry from `` world 's 2nd largest '' , and even as there has been growth since then it certainly has n't grown to 100 bn usd in a mere year . 
  additionally , turkish construction companies operate all over the world , with 374 * new * projects in 45 countries in 2013 alone , and russia has been about 17 % of the international projects . 
   it 's not what you think mate ; turkey 's economy 's lead element is construction , you can go for turkey 's finance minister 's own words for this ; and the construction services in russia are a major part of it . 
  no , i do n't believe for a second that construction is the main part of turkish economy . 
  likely manufacturing and probably even agriculture is much bigger that construction . 
  so , put some numbers on your claims : how big part of turkey 's gpd construction is ? 
  and how big part of turkey 's construction sector is construction in russia ? 
  no , i do n't think that turkey 's economy 's `` lead element '' is construction in russia . 
  i think you 're vastly overstating your case to the point of getting unrealistic . 
   there is no elsewhere that is as huge and as profitable as russian market , if there was , turkey would be selling it 's goods to there . 
  you make no sense at all . 
  there 's no market as `` huge '' as russia ? 
  on which planet you live on ? 
   it 's not that easy to replace russian market , in fact it 's as simple as you just sell your stuff elsewhere . 
  it 's not like there 's no market for chicken , fruits , and vegetables in this world . 
  people eat food everywhere , and there 's demand all over . 
   the russians still claim they never received warning . 
  i am not sure why you just take the turks at their word , especially considering the state of their government . 
  the guard channel is public . 
  everyone else heard the warnings inluding civilians . 
  only russia claims no to have heard anything . 
  perhaps they can not into radio ? 
   the jet was not in turkish airspace when it was warned . 
  that is exactly the point of such warnings .
