  is the methodology particularly well-conducted and reliable in your opinion , or is it merely the result that intrigues you ? 
  oh , i have one of those too : do n't be one of the terrorists . 
  basically there 's an endless list of things that you might not to do - such as do n't sic your polar bear on the cops , or do not drive over them with a truck etc. 
  okay , now how about going back to the question on what to * do * ? 
   interpretation can be changed . 
  your idea of islam seems to be completely static , as if islam itself can not change . 
  yet it can , and has . 
  so then , could you please finally explain * how * would you go about reforming islam ? 
  which one is the one that you would go about reforming ? 
  why that one and how ? 
  what kind of `` reform '' do you have in mind and how are you going to impose it on them ? 
  why would any muslim buy your reforms ? 
  because so far your proposal boils down to : islam needs reform ... islam gets reformed . 
  the essential part is in the middle , the three dots , that is still missing from your plan . 
  and then you have the audacity of blaming me about my ideas of islam . 
  yet to me it seems you have no idea whatsover what you 're talking about . 
  fill in the three dots and * then * we 'll have something to talk about . 
  okay , you start with not doing that . 
  and then you do what ? 
   that 's one study and the authors do find ( according to the english summary at the end , i do n't read finnish ) that adjustment for socioeconomic factors reduces the gap ( the summary does not say by how much ) from over 17x to 13x . 
  there 's still the 13x left for you to explain . 
  how do you explain that ? 
   see this wiki pagee you 're seriously presenting wikipedia as a source for research ? 
  please do n't . 
  that is ridiculous . 
   so the first step is deleting the stigma that comes with discussing immigrant and integration problems in a cultural context . 
  we need to hold immigrant communities here in the west to the same high standard as we hold ourselves to and not pander to their decidedly unliberal views ` just because they are different ' . 
  indeed , that could be the first step . 
  at least that . 
   i believe the first step towards that is embracing the outspoken liberal muslims , the ex-muslims , the ex-radicals , the gay muslims . 
  the vulnerable elements within muslim communities who stand to gain the most for people like them by encouraging their communities to adopt certain ` western ' ( i 'd say universal ) values regarding individual autonomy . 
  you do realise those people have been running away from islam in the first place ? 
  because what belongs to them is : death . 
  so how the hell would any of them lead a reform within islam in your country ? 
  why would anyone listen never mind follow people so abhorrent that the religion itself instructs to murder in most horrible ways ? 
   more like `` take out your gun and be shot by the responding officer that misidentifies you as the reported terrorist '' . 
  just curious : what is your plan not to be misidentified as a terrorist in a shootout ? 
   socioeconomic factors tend to explain large parts of if not the whole gap between immigrants and natives when the former are overrepresented . 
  that is a myth . 
  for example , here 's a related research paper by institute of criminology and legal policy in finland : http://www.optula.om.fi/material/attachments/optula/julkaisut/tutkimuksia-sarja/xz5bk8f2h/265_lehti_ym_2014.pdf compared to native finns the crime rate of rape is 13 times higher by men immigrated from middle-east or north-africa ( mena ) . 
  and that is after accounting for sociodemografic factors such as age , income , and housing - those factors do not explain the fact that immigrants from those regions are far more likely to commit rape in finland than native finns or immigrants from other parts of the world . 
  in 2012 third of all rape convictics in finland were of foreign origin and in aggravated rape 41 % which is alarmingly high considering their very small percentage of population . 
  so , at least in finland it is a fact supported by data that males from mena are far more likely to commit rape than males from other parts of the world . 
  and the common cop out of `` socioeconomic factors '' does not even begin to explain the 13x difference . 
  so , what do you want to do with them ? 
  what do you want to do with muslims of various sects in your country ? 
  what kind of `` reform '' do you have in mind and how are you going to impose it on them ? 
   why have i never heard of this . 
  i do n't know . 
  the piss christ was on display in [ andres serrano exhibition in helsinki in 2001 ] ( http://taidemuseo.hel.fi/suomi/tennispalatsi/ohjelma/serrano.html ) , where i saw it , but it did n't cause much scandals in finland . 
  as i remember there was much more discussion about his photography of sex and death . 
  and from that exhibition i best remember the impressive and beautiful photographs of dead people . 
  but i had completely forgotten about the piss christ which iirc was a very underwhelming ` meh ' tiny piece with ugly colors . 
   it will be difficult , it will require supporting and empowering liberal ( not `` moderate '' ) muslims everywhere , it will require cracking a few eggs regarding cultural identity politics and ` racial stereotyping ' , it will require the mainstream political establishments to pull their heads out of their arses , and then that 's a start . 
  not going to be easy . 
  yeah , they 're going to need to do a whole lot of that in the mena countries if they ever want to see long-term stability in their countries which are riddled with violence fueled by racial , cultural and religious hatred . 
  and i can not see how i , or the west in general is supposed to do that for them , and would n't that be some sort of cultural imperialism anyway . 
   to state that it 's categorically impossible for islam to reform , no exceptions , is just attempting to be a fortune teller and see into the future . 
  yeah , it 's patently wrong as islam has already reformed . 
  multiple times . 
  it 's just that they tend kill those not supporting the reforms that causes problems . 
  generally , the whole idea of going about and `` reforming '' islam is silly . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  additionally that idea is based on skewed view of history of christianity in europe . 
  that 's not how history works either : you can not expect that a development that took place in one region in one period would be or even should be repeated in other regions in other times . 
  would be just silly to expect that . 
  well , how would * you * go on about reforming islam ? 
  and why should any muslim heed to your reforms ? 
  islam has already been reformed it 's just that they do n't seem to agree on those reforms even after centuries . 
  they rather fight each other . 
  a big reason why those fights have resurfaced past decades is the end of the mena cold war : the secular left lost everywhere . 
  the islamists won . 
  but not a single islamism but multiple variations of it supported by adversary sects . 
  so , which one is the one that you would go about reforming ? 
  and why that one and how ? 
  and in honour of mozart here 's one of his biggest fans , the brave and beloved diva florence foster jenkins performing an aria from wolfgang 's last opera die zauberfl\u00f6te : [ der h\u00f6lle rache ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-quqhnriv-q ) * `` people may say i ca n't sing , but no one can ever say i did n't sing . 
  '' * - florence foster jenkins and that is why we 'll always love you , florence . 
  you 're an inspiration to us all . 
  does it ? 
  usually such stats account for the effect of booze tourism . 
  nah , the grey is obviously just because now finland proper is not in the top-10 . 
  the provisions given to the marauders conquering sweden must have made a significant cut to the finnish booze stockpiles , and it is only to be expected that finland 's carefully guarded position among the top-10 would slip a bit - temporarily . 
  to me that goes way longer back , and at its core it 's an echo of the failed attempts to create [ the new soviet man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_soviet_man ) - a new , reformed person v2 .0 who would be programmed to be fit to the new society created by a not-so-well-thought-out ideology . 
  there 's even similarities in methods such as public shaming for wrongthinking , labeling person a `` xenophobe '' , `` racist '' , `` fascist '' , `` far-right '' ( compare with `` counter-revolutionary '' and other labels of wrongthinking ) , or having police visit/detain , or putting people on trial , or making person loose their job , even if person has stated facts or merely voiced their opinion . 
  that is the very antithesis of liberalism and liberal society . 
  and then people committing or supporting such crap have the audacity of trotting around the bogeyman of fascism claiming that if they do n't sensor and stop the wrongthink everywhere immediately and cut it at its root we all become nazis first thing tomorrow morning . 
  apparently they 're far too busy with that to stop and take a look at the mirror . 
  yay , we have conquered sweden !, 
  indeed czechs have all the reason to be offended . 
  why a soviet kalashnikov and not for example the czech made cz 805 bren ? 
  what is that guy , a commie ? 
  trevor phillips has also made a thought provoking documentary * things we wo n't say about race that are true * . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11479761/we-must-listen-to-trevor-phillips-and-his-inconvenient-truths-about-race.html * `` like many people faced with inconvenient truths , i thought if i sat on them long enough they 'd go away . '' * the full documentary : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tb2ifikowyu, 
   i guess these are only the books that were printed in finland ? 
  no , the database includes books printed anywhere . 
  basically the database has books which are known to currently exist somewehere in finland , but which are not in university libraries or other such collections commonly available to researchers . 
  so for example those 110,000 volumes you mentioned are not included as they are already in helsinki university library . 
  i do understand your concern but i think you 're vastly exaggerating there . 
  even after decades of universal healthcare we still have n't turned into fascists . 
  after all , we are a democracy and there is a democratic process regarding laws and taxation so it 's not arbitrary nor a endless slippery slope without limits .
