  so , if one goes below $ 85 , saudi arabia will be on the losing end and have problems . 
  for us a drop from $ 90 to $ 85 is not critical . 
  that is first . 
   second , we are on very good terms with saudi arabia . 
  we may , for example , differ in terms of our views on syria , but we practically have identical positions on the development of the situation in egypt . 
  there are many other things where we see eye-to-eye . 
   i have great respect for the custodian of the two muslim shrines , the king of saudi arabia . 
  he is a very clever and balanced man . 
  i do n't think that our saudi friends would make any abrupt changes to harm themselves and the russian economy . 
   furthermore , they are members of opec , where we have many supporters . 
  it is not that they have sympathy for us , but that they have their own economic interests and sharply reducing production -- which can only be done in a manner agreed upon within opec -- is a fairly complicated business . 
   finally , in the united states , which is developing shale gas and shale oil production , production costs are very high . 
  these are expensive projects . 
  if world prices tumble , these projects may turn out to be unprofitable , loss-making and the nascent industry may simply die . 
   and one last point . 
  oil is priced and traded in the world in dollars . 
  if prices fall , demand for dollars will plummet and the dollar will start losing its significance as a world currency . 
  there are very many factors involved . 
  the wish to bite us is there , but the opportunities are limited . 
  that said , some damage can be caused . 
   now about gas . 
  we sell gas by pipeline ( most of our sales are by pipeline ) mainly to the european countries that depend on russian supplies to cover about 30-35 , 34 percent of their needs . 
  can they stop buying russian gas altogether ? 
  i do n't think that this is possible . 
   some of our neighbours , very good neighbours with which we have very sound relations , such as , for example , finland ... finland gets 90 percent of its gas from russia . 
  some countries that used to be called people 's democracies in eastern europe depend on russian gas if not for 90 percent , then for 60 , 50 or 70 percent of their needs . 
   can supplies be stopped altogether ? 
  i think that this is totally unrealistic . 
  but one can do this at one 's own cost , by hurting oneself . 
  however , i can not imagine such a situation . 
  therefore , of course , everyone is keen on diversifying their sources of supplies . 
  europe is talking about greater independence from russia as a supplier , and similarly we are beginning to talk and act to become less dependent on our consumers . 
   however , so far , there is a measure of balance between consumers and suppliers . 
  the only problem is transit countries . 
  and the most dangerous part , of course , is transit via ukraine with which we have tremendous difficulties in agreeing on energy problems . 
  but i hope that we will be able to bring things back to normal , considering the contracts that have been signed and are functioning . 
  edit : putin is wrong when implying it 's not possible for finland to do without russian gas . 
  finland is not dependend on russian gas . 
  while finland currently gets 100 % of its natural gas from russia , gas is only about 10 % of all primary energy usage . 
  it 's used in some power plants producing electricity and district heat . 
  if the gas was suddenly cut those powerplants would switch to other sources of energy ( air-propane mix , biogas , oil , coal etc ) or get compensated by other powerplants . 
  in finland there are [ existing plans ] ( http://www.huoltovarmuus.fi/static/pdf/607.pdf ) for such case to arise , and legislation requires energy supply storages worth of at least five months consumption to buy time . 
  the [ national emergency supply agency ] ( http://www.nesa.fi/ ) is the body responsible for the relevant plans and their execution . 
  so basically finland * could * do without russian gas . 
  in case of sudden closure of russian gas pipes no-one would freeze , no-one would die , steel making would not halt as it does n't use gas , but there would be some costs in switching over to other energy sources in affected power plants . 
  there are plans and proposals for a more heterogenous gas supply such as the new lng terminal with estonia , the proposed mid-nordic gas pipeline from norway through sweden to finland , the nordic gas grid and the north transgas project . 
  but all those would be years away . 
  or upvoted because the article actually is an interesting read despite the editorialized headline . 
  and as you can see from the comments itt by far most disagree with ops headline . 
  those who can not remember the past are condemned to rhyme sometimes . 
  splitters !, 
  - * popular front against europe *, 
  yep , and i do n't immediately understand how this part of the agreement is supposed to work in practice :  all sides must refrain from any violence , intimidation or provocative actions . 
  the participants strongly condemned and rejected all expressions of extremism , racism and religious intolerance , including anti-semitism . 
   all illegal armed groups must be disarmed ; all illegally seized buildings must be returned to legitimate owners ; all illegally occupied streets , squares and other public places in ukrainian cities and towns must be vacated . 
  so , what 's in it to prevent the extremist groups to continue being armed , occupying buildings and using violence ? 
  they were n't in the negotiations and they have n't made any of the promises in the agreement . 
  and they could just as well wipe their asses with it especially now that ukraine has agreed not to use force , and russia still has its 40,000 troops ready for action right across the border . 
  also this question from the news conference :  question for kerry : did you discuss the withdrawal of russian troops currently on the ukraine border ? 
   `` they 've made it clear that over a period of time , assuming this does de-escalate , as the rights of the people are represented ... as the constitutional process unfolds and '' the new government is installed , kerry says . 
   `` they are absolutely prepared to begin to respond with respect to troops ... 
  they have indicated that they have withdrawn one battalion . 
   `` our hope is that as these steps are taken , that that can happen . 
   `` the document says ` initial concrete steps . ', 
  we do not envision this as the full measure of de-escalation . '', 
  so it seems russia did n't actually make any concrete concessions to de-escalate . 
  apparently fsb has also demanded web services to hand over personal user data , such as the personal information of the ukrainian euromaidan organizers . 
   durov reveals that on 13 december 2013 , the fsb demanded that vkontakte turn over the personal information of the organizers of the euromaidan groups on vk :  `` our answer was and remains a categorical refusal -- the jurisdiction of russia does not extend to ukrainian users of vkontakte . 
  turning over the personal data of ukrainians to russian auhtorities would not only be a violation of the law , but betrayal of all those millions of residents of ukraine who trusted us . 
   in the process , i have had to sacrifice a lot . 
  in particular , i sold my share in vkontakte , since its presence could prevent me from making the correct decisions . 
  but i do n't regret anything -- protection of people 's personal data is worth it and much more . 
  since december 2013 , i do n't have any property , but i have something more important -- a clean conscience and ideals which i am prepared to defend . '' http://www.interpretermag.com/russia-this-week-thousands-rally-for-media-freedom/, 
  or , he could ask questions that actually matter . 
  such as : * mr putin , why did the russian government 13 december 2013 demand that the popular social website vkontakte turn over the personal information of the ukrainian organizers of the euromaidan groups ? 
  it 's also interesting how the traditional soviet dogwhistles ` fascist ' and ` nazi ' have changed . 
  as nazism and fascism were vehemently anti-communist ideologies and in war with communism and the soviet union , in the post-wwii soviet union things which could be thought as being against soviet ideology got easily labelled as ` fascist ' or ` nazi ' things - very common dogwhistles in soviet propaganda . 
  but nowadays the same dogwhistles serve the purposes of russian nationalism and the tendency is to label anything thought as anti-russian as ` fascist ' or ` nazi ' . 
  hence ukrainian nationalists are easily labelled as ` fascists ' but pro-russia neo-nazis are not : even if they are nazis they are pro-russian nationalists and therefore not ` nazis ' or ` fascists ' . 
   this is really disingenuous . 
  i 'm sorry , what is disingenious ? 
  recognizing that investments come with risks ? 
  do they not ? 
   investing in other countries and having economies intertwined is an important deterrent to the escalation of conflicts . 
  this is precisely why the eu started as the eec - the european economic community . 
  indeed . 
  and that has also been one of the rationales in relation to russia . 
  now , after russia 's actions how has the idea of intertwined economies worked as a deterrent so far ? 
  it has n't . 
  and it 's not even a deterrent at all if you 're not ready to use it as such and instead insist on business as usual whatever happens . 
   of course such a relationship is not always symmetrical , and it sucks when your side would like to escalate things further and feels the resistance to do so . 
  but that 's the whole point and it 's very hard to argue that we 'd be better overall should we not have any economical ties to russia . 
  what is `` my side '' ? 
  and who is arguing to not have * any * economical ties to russia ? 
  i have n't heard such from any eu member state , and if you like to argue against it feel free to go ahead but count me out . 
  do n't know if the self-styled chairman of the council of the self-proclaimed `` donetsk people 's republic '' denis pushilin is serious with the leaflet . 
  but after looking at the background of the self-styled `` people 's governor '' pavel gubarev , who proclaimed the `` peoples republic '' in march , i would not be surprised if the leaflet actually is real maccoy . 
  `` people 's governor '' pavel gubarev has a background as a leader in the local [ russian national unity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_national_unity ) party , a neo-nazi ultranationalist and paramilitary organization based in russia and also operating in other states with russian-speaking populations including ukraine : [ oops !, 
  [ and here he is addressing his supporters as the self-styled `` people 's governor '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hnhjmab ) gubarev has been arrested , is now the `` people 's governor '' in absentia , and apparently his follower denis pushilin is running the show now . 
  but with background like that the idea of ordering jews to register is not that far-fetched .
