  just as euro is just money . 
  and using euros in transactions does not make iran dependend on euro either . 
   third : since 2007 , iran did everything to trade in dollar as less as possible , of course they 'll do everything they can to trade with something else than the thing they can not use in transactions . 
  and they can not trade with dollars until the sanctions are lifted by the congress . 
  now , i 'm still puzzled about this thing of yours : what is `` war on petrodollars '' ? 
  it is inevitable . 
  it is true the homicide rate is higher in northern finland . 
  here 's [ a more detailed map . 
   iirc , it 's alcohol , true that . 
  a typical homicide in finland is committed by an middle-aged alcoholic down-and-out man killing another middle-aged alcoholic down-and-out man . 
   depression/darkness i do n't know of any study demonstrating darkness as a reason . 
  but if i was a middle-aged alcoholic down-and-out man i 'd be depressed . 
   and relatively freer access to firearms . 
  actually less than 20 % of homicides in finland are committed with a firearm . 
  the typical weapon is knife . 
  has little to do with firearms . 
   ( china ) has got rid of petrodollars in trade with russia which is insignificant to iran . 
   and iran 's own , decade old not so successful war on petrodollars what is `` war on petrodollars '' ? 
   it 's perfectly logical for them to dodge us$ at the first opportunity iran has not `` dodged '' dollar . 
  they simply can not use it in transactions yet . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
   they could have still gone with indian rupees , why would they want a huge pile of those over euros ? 
  and apparently they did n't . 
  can not blame them . 
   yuan or those ? 
   or gone along with us to lift sanctions . 
  i 'd rather start doing business than wait . 
  and apparently iran thinks so too . 
  good thinking of them . 
   euro is not the first , obvious alternative . 
  it actually is the obvious alternative to dollar here . 
  not a big deal . 
  it 's very simple : the us banks wo n't clear iranian dollar transactions until the sanctions preventing it are lifted by the congress . 
  so iran must use some other currency in their transactions as they can not use dollars yet . 
  so they use euros . 
  it 's not a nod towards the eu . 
  it 's done out of necessity . 
  estonia is pretty cool guy ahs lynx as president and doesnt afraid of anything . 
  they will rebuild . 
  but are you okey ? 
  hey , that 's interesting . 
  such greenhouses could also be situated underground with constant temperature and moisture . 
  you could also consider the wavelengths in that as plants prefer certain wavelengths in their photosynthesis - albeit they 're already optimised to sunlight . 
  but what if you had a solar cell that can capture a wider range of wavelengths than a plant does , and then produce electricity from that wider range of wavelengths to a led array producing only the needed wavelengths . 
  and which one of those defines america as not human friendly place ? 
   ( finland said it might reject as many as two-thirds of its 32,000 refugee applicants ) . 
  * asylym applicants of which applicants whopping 2-3 % say they 're from syria . 
   but the facts are facts . 
  indeed they are . 
  facts are facts . 
   america is n't very human friendly place . 
  and opinions are opinions . 
  i do n't see any problem with the question either . 
  it 's simple and to the point . 
  interesting , thank you !, 
  i suspected there must be more to it than just merely flooding light in the greenhouse . 
   if you have < 100 % transmittance you 're wasting daylight -- so less plant growth and less heat ( internal heat is also powered by sunlight ) , while still having the night leaking problem . 
  yup , you will always have less than 100 % transmittance , except perhaps in a vacuum . 
  so , what if you had a glass pane which as compared to an ordinary glass pane has say 95 % transmittance in daytime , but in the nighttime with a click of switch it would give you say 50 % reflectance . 
  how would one even calculate the economic impact ? 
   they 're lightning up the skies because there 's no incentive for them to not leak night light , and savings from a screen ( probably the cheapest thing to do ) are likely outweighed by the hassle . 
  so either you hope education would make them voluntarily do it , or you find a way to incentivize it ( like a light leak tax or something ) . 
  yes , i 'm sure there 's no incentive not to do it because if there was then they would not be lighting up the sky . 
  but what i 'm looking for is the economic reasoning behind it - because that is often the answer why things are done in a certain way in production even if it at first may appear wasteful . 
  and i certainly do not feel competent to educate anyone on how to run their greenhouse . 
  and , as i 'm sure there is a reasoning behind the practice i 'd be curious to learn about it . 
  indeed . 
  the petrodollar circlejerk is pretty much as stupid as a circlejerk can get : never mind what actually happened , it was all because of petrodollar or the lack of it . 
   this is in people 's opinion according to polls . 
  not based on any sort of evidence . 
  well the poll does not provide very strong evidence either with numbers like that : does britain have media bias ? 
  idk - 30 % about the right balance - 27 % too right wing - 26 % too left wing - 17 %, 
  yes . 
  but what happens if you change things according to time of day ? 
   there are no linear elements ( i.e. 
  common passive materials ) that let light in one way and reflect the other ( easy to show through time-reversibility of the equations ) . 
  yes , obviously you can not make a glass pane that let 's through 100 % of the light from one side while reflecting 100 % from the other . 
  but what if we 're not going for 100 % on both sides ? 
  i mean , even if glass pane reflects say 50 % more of the lamps back inside during nighttime that would be an improvement , right ? 
   the easiest solution would actually be a simple retracting reflective foil screen at night . 
  yup . 
  i think so too . 
  a mechanical solution would be the simplest . 
  but that does not seem to be economically preferable and i wonder why . 
  weight ? 
  complexity ? 
  initial investment ? 
  what ? 
  maybe it 's about wavelengths ? 
  as in : the plants have already absorbed most of the wavelengths they prefer and hence the rest can be reflected into sky as it is useless anyway ? 
  hell if i know , but i bet there is someone who knows and has run the numbers . 
  otherwise they would not be lighting up the skies . 
  and his name is mayor adam west . 
   that said , much of the greenhouses work 24/7 . 
  some crop production needs light all night . 
  greenhouses naturally have transparant roofs ( that 's sort of the point of a greenhouse ) , so a lot of that nightly light will get reflected back into the sky . 
  yes , that is how they do it with transparent glasses . 
  but what i mean is what if the glasses were one-way transparent ( i.e. 
  semitransparent ) : in daytime light from the outside such as sunlight gets in , but in nighttime light from the inside is reflected back inside . 
   uncontrolled immigration and a open border policy will not benefit the people who are actually fleeing from political persecution and war .
