  i do n't know . 
  but have to say : that thing looked very cool indeed , having bills as a postit pad . 
  well then , as you seem to vehemently disagree with my opinion that his presented comparison is stupid , could you yourself salvage it by providing the economic data to back it up ? 
  please explain why should we believe the economy of greece is comparable of that of burundi ? 
  and why we should not account for their differences as i suggested in my first comment wich you have been disagreeing with ever since ? 
  please do explain : how are they even similar ? 
  i say they 're not . 
  you say : _________________ please do explain : how are we supposed to ignore their differences ? 
  i say we should not . 
  you say : ________________, 
  he 's stating the obvious there , and in fact distancing from politics . 
  anecdote time : almost three decades ago i used to work as a bellhop in an international hotel in helsinki . 
  no need to say the tips were good and especially from the americans . 
  then one day my friend got a big bunch of mint condition $ 2 bills as a tip - not only a bunch of them but they were actually glued together from one side with a red glue in a manner of a postit pad . 
  looking at that we all were baffled to say the least . 
  of course we had received $ 2 bills as a tip before and always cheered that as a curiosity ( i saved mine collecting them just for the fun of it ) . 
  but never ever had we seen a * pad * of them straight from the print . 
   it is n't , and by that i do n't mean that left-wing parties are `` selling out '' by moving right , but that the support for left-wing policies , for a left-wing policy framework , is slipping away . 
  indeed . 
  not only has the support but also the world has changed during the last two-three decades . 
  a lot . 
  and that 's not only about economy but also about ideology and values . 
  this used to be different when there was a battle of complete opposite ideologies raging on during the cold war . 
  after the cold war it has been pretty much a no-brainer for even a leftist to say that liberty includes economic liberty . 
  case in point : http://www.taloussanomat.fi/politiikka/2015/06/28/ay-liike-suomen-on-oltava-usan-puolella/20158129/12 in finland the labour unions support the free trade deal ttip between the eu and the us not only because of the economic implications ( more jobs ) but also for the geopolitic implications ( liberty as a common value , not the case with russia & china ) . 
  so you can get $ 1 , $ 2 and $ 5 bills from your atm ? 
  wow . 
  i would get all my money in $ 2 bills just for the heck of it . 
  judging by the ecb 's actions under the past few years certainly does n't seem so . 
  they do have their mandate to follow . 
   can you not choose the bills that you want when withdrawing cash ? 
  seems like it should be a pretty obvious standard feature . 
  having such feature would mean the atm would need to have less money overall because holding reserves of the various bills would eat capacity . 
  and i have never seen an atm to give $ 5 bills , and the only one i 've seen giving $ 10 was a decade ago . 
  how do the atms work in the us ? 
  do they give you whatever bills you want and is there any fees attached for such service ? 
  you actually believe a central bank is run by popular vote ? 
  greece is preparing a proposal right now that is to be agreed upon by most political leaders . 
  it is expected to be sent tonight or tomorrow morning . 
  considering the claim of 48 hours to agree or disagree that seems a bit late to me . 
  i have not said anything about a deal . 
  i am talking about the proposal that is being prepared right now . 
  it will either be negotiated or completely rejected by merkel & co. . of course there will be negotiations . 
  but to expect there would be a deal in 48 hours is fantasy . 
  i said greece will not be forced out . 
  you said it as well . 
  iou will only happen if negotiations fail and ela is not resumed . 
  negotiations have already failed . 
  and the ela has not been risen . 
  new negotiations will take time . 
  meanwhile i would not count on the ecb to rise the ela as the greek gov has done here . 
  that is not only a high risk gamble by the greek gov but an unlikely belief they 're betting their population on . 
  the banks can open if the ela resumes , but that depends on how things go in the coming days . 
  any way we look at it , it will take some time to open the banks even in the best case scenario : any deal for a new bailout will take time , there are no quick deals available any more after greece let the second bailout expire . 
  currently the only agreement that could be had quickly is to send humanitarian aid to greece as needed . 
  no , but to emphasise the importance of reaching a quick deal i did wave my finger at her . 
  the game theory says she will agree within 48 hours . 
   ah , you misunderstand . 
  you specifically claimed : * `` you dismiss the entire article on weak grounds '' * . 
   it seems to me your posts are mostly only exaggerated rhetoric my posts ? 
  the last time i 've posted anything was four days ago . 
  did n't see you commenting there that what varoufakis said was ` only exaggerated rhetoric ' , even if that might have been the case . 
   and you do not make the grounds of your reasoning clear at all the economy of burundi = / = the economy of greece is that clear enough for you ? 
  because i certainly can not make that any more clear than that . 
   feel free , but you dismiss the entire article on weak grounds you a mindreader ? 
  because that was not what i actually wrote . 
   care to elaborate ? 
  you honestly need elaboration on how for example burundi is economically different from greece ? 
  and that making a comparison between them without accounting for the differences is not only uninformative , and dishonest but also stupid ? 
  look , i 'm not going to bother and waste my time on obvious . 
  the good professor of an university of applied sciences is writing hogwash there . 
  if he had the capacity he could have written an informative analysis but he did not . 
  i do not know wheter it 's because he is unable to or unwilling to , but that does not change the fact his comparison was idiotic . 
   correction : a proposal greece has sent a proposal ? 
  what proposal ? 
  to whom ? 
   is to be agreed or disagreed upon at the end of those 48 hours . 
  there will be no deal within 48 hours . 
  if that was the plan of the greek gov then it was a fantasy to begin with . 
   greece will not be forced out . 
  there 's no mechanism to force greece out of euro . 
  and neither the eurozone nor the greeks want that . 
  but the likelihood that eventually the greek gov will have to resort to iou 's or something similar paving the way for a grexit is unconfortably high and getting higher . 
   the important thing right now is to get the banks open . 
  the banks wo n't be able to do that right now . 
  it is unlikely they can open for some time . 
  the greek gov should have thought about that over a week ago , now it 's too late . 
   clearly , this dismal performance can not be primarily blamed on institutional problems in greece : greek institutions might be weak , and corruption wide-spread , but would anyone seriously claim that institutional conditions in athens are worse than those in argentina in the 1990s or those in burundi when hutus and tutsi killed each other by the thousands ? 
  uhm . . that was pretty much the stupidest comparison i 've read this week , and believe me i 've seen quite a few already even if it 's only monday . 
   sebastian dullien is senior policy fellow at the european council on foreign relations and professor for international economics at htw berlin - university of applied sciences . 
   university of applied sciences ah , okay . 
  me too . 
  but the result was 50/50 with the redhead voting against . 
  the negotiations seem to have broken as of now . 
   when a bank fails , fails ... like any other company . 
  yes , when * a single bank * fails you probably might be able to treat it as such . 
  but when it 's not only a single bank but your whole banking system on the line then the repercussions are far more severe than a single company failing . 
   if they are that important for society , i want then totally controlled by society ... you can not have both of different worlds . 
  you can not own the profit and socialize the losses . 
  i get your point but fail to see how total control would achieve anything here .
