  might happen some time , might not . 
  lotsa promises and marketing speak there but actual delivery has actually been zero . 
  so far only roscosmos has delivered , not private companies . 
   i also disagree with you on the notions of cost . 
  the reason it costs so much now is because of our extremely primitive launcher technologies . 
  ie strapping a load of expensive fuel and expensive rockets to a small pod and lighting it . 
  primitive compared to what ? 
  it actually is the cutting edge . 
  if there was a better or more cost effective way with current tech we would already use it . 
  rockets are expensive , as you say . 
  but the fuel is not , it 's just a tiny fraction of the cost of launch . 
  fuel is only expensive when you have to carry it to the orbit and beoynd . 
  it 's the mass that costs . 
  hence the ideas of using resources on moon or asteroids to make rocket fuel there ( isru ) . 
  the hope is that it would be cheaper to refuel there instead of launching all your fuel from earth 's deep gravity well . 
  it might be some day , might not . 
  but no gas stations on moon now , and no actual plans of a bp station making profit there either . 
  as it 's the rocket that 's expensive , and not the fuel , reusability of rocket stages could very well be effective way to bring the launch costs down . 
  this is also what elon musk 's spacex is pursuing but has n't delivered yet . 
  he has made a lot of marketing noise and promises about it , and if spacex actually delivers it could be a huge step ahead . 
  i remain skeptical as he has always talked about cheap spaceflight but so far has actually developed the most expensive system of delivering cargo to iss ever . 
  ( good for him , of course ) now reusability is a whole other field of problems , and there 's a good reason why no private launcher companies have seriously pursued that yet ( excluding some small scale prize events ) . 
  leo or geo scale reusability needs some serious investement to design and infrastructure for refurbishment . 
  you 're looking at tens to hundreds of launches with that same rocket for reusability to be profitable . 
  expendable rockets have been cheaper for a reason . 
  that might change in future , but despite some vocal promises from the `` new space '' no actual delivery there either . 
   national space agencies are working on cheaper alternatives and so are private companies . 
  the skylon project is my favourite example with its single stage to launch mechanism which will make space flight ( above leo ) over ten times cheaper once the technology has been safety tested . 
  it 's already been proven to work in theory . 
  `` proven to work in theory '' , very good for them . 
  my point was : * but have n't actually delivered *  resources are n't a problem in the long term . 
  yet some think we should travel to space to look for them . 
   the problem is our current methods which are obviously primitive and ineffective . 
  space travel will not always be expensive and that 's where the real frontier is . 
  making space flight cheaper . 
  we 're fast on our way to doing that . 
  honestly , i have n't seen much breakthroughs in making space flight actually cheaper : not for satellites , not for iss cargo , not for humans . 
  private companies have been competing and working on it for decades and have actually brought the costs down already . 
  now some vocal owners of new companies have made some loud promises of cheaper by magnitudes and call it `` new space '' , but have n't actually delivered . 
   what i do agree with pooling is certain aspects of our technologies as those are more scarce , but only certain aspects . 
  yeah , i can see that . 
  but why do that if there 's no one to pay for them super secret techs in the first place . 
  that 's why i said pooling resources . 
  effectively it means first and foremost money , and pooling your development costs . 
   additionally , the reason we 're going into space this time is not for nationalistic `` we can do it , so we must ! '', 
  typed reasons . 
  this time we 're going to with a much heavier focus on benefitting humanity . 
  we 're not just going to go to mars and see , well we 've done that let 's call it quits . 
  this time it 'll be followed through with more profitable ventures for the companies and governments involved like that space mining company founded , among others , by larry page the founder of google . 
  a lot of these companies gains are already visible in the satellite industry . 
  i really ca n't envision a more stupid business plan than to harness mars ' resources and try and make a profit selling them here on earth . 
  the only way you could make profit with the stuff you 're mining there is to sell to it to the martians themselves , not launch it to earth . 
  so first you 'd need some martians to sell them something at your exorbitant prices . 
  alas , no martians there to buy it . 
  achieving both martians and your mining stuff would be rather expensive business endeavour . 
  op 's sources do not demonstrate that . 
  op refers to regulations that were already expired at the time . 
  do you have some other primary sources ( actual regulations , not blogposts ) supporting your contention ? 
   i 'd like to be optimistic but in light of the imf admiting that austerity is harming greece , i remain skeptical . 
  skeptical of what ? 
  of course the cuts are harming greece 's economy , and what 's there to `` admit '' in the first place when it was so likely from the beginning . 
  yet the problem is much deeper than the simple budget cuts - it 's a whole host of structural problems that need to be resolved . 
  it 's essential and has been the point of the program . 
   its purpose might not be fostering growth , but it certainly was n't offsetting any growth and further beating it into the ground . 
  there 's not much sense to live on `` growth '' which is not sustainable in the first place . 
  when the market and everybody else said they did n't want to fund that `` growth '' any more it was all all over . 
  it is a bitter pill indeed , and i feel for greece but there is no realistic option to first cuts and then do serious reformations to regain first competitiveness and then investments . 
  i do n't think space race and it 's culmination apollo-program should be used as a measuring stick or an ideal for a space program . 
  apollo was a great achievement but as a program it was risky , expensive and unsustainable - a by-product of geopolitics of the time . 
  if you want an actual working long term human space program first step is not to do apollo however golden it may seem in memories . 
  just look at how many times us has gone to the moon since . 
  the space race effectively ended in 1967 with the [ outer space treaty ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/outer_space_treaty ) . 
  as the treaty limited the military use of space , moon , and other bodies it diminished their perceived strategic value and the political incentive for funding such programs , and eventually led to first cutting and then ending of apollo-progam . 
  after that the remaining space race was all leo and it 's strategic possibilities with space planes , spy satellites , killer satellites and stuff . 
  flying humans to orbit is expensive . 
  i know there are people and companies who claim to do it dirt cheap - but have n't actually delivered . 
  as it is , it 's still expensive , and russian tech is still the cheapest and most reliable way to do it . 
  having humans in space is even more expensive . 
  and i know there are people and companies who claim to do it dirt cheap - but have n't actually delivered . 
  as it is , it 's still very expensive . 
  flying beoynd leo is even more expensive . 
  building in space is even more expensive . 
  living in space is even more expensive . 
  learning to use the resources in space to live there is even more expensive . 
  etc. . .  lots of different countries and companies working on the quest of space exploration in all of their different ways and all racing each other . 
  it 's gon na be an excellent race . 
  you want a sustainable long term human space flight program ? 
  a race is not much of help there . 
  because : 1 . 
  when the race ends then that 's it . 
  achievement unlocked . 
  no need to do it again ( see apollo ) . 
  it costs a lot . 
  makes much more sense to pool the scarce resources in co-operation . 
  for example china is projected to be the biggest economy on earth by 2030 . 
  makes much more sense to co-operate than exclude . 
  a race where everybody uses their limited resources to separately do the same thing would be waste . 
  horse big . 
   yep , my mistake , it 's actually article 2 , point 3 : which does not support your claim . 
   it did n't originate on lawblog by the way , it was pointed out by foodwatch and umweltinstitut m\u00fcnchen , as lawblog states .
