  in fact greece did successfully enter the market in 2014 . 
  [ greek bond sale hailed a success after raising $ 3bn ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/apr/10/greece-raises-3bn-euro-successful-bond-sale ) * bond sale , which was oversubscribed by six times , shows the heavily indebted country has regained the trust of the financial markets * but that was before the syriza and v-man with the game theory ... 
  o.o my god , you 're actually taking joke propositions seriously . 
  look , seriously , we wo n't change the calendar . 
  nor will we invent a time machine . 
  and the obvious lack of any serious step-by-step proposals from you tells volumes that you do n't know how to do what you 're suggesting either . 
  no amount of political will will not bend space-time here . 
   it does n't even have to be accepted in the national parliaments before going into effect . 
  it actually has to . 
  as in the real world of adults . 
   i think that there could be a deal very quickly - if there 's a political will to do it time can be slowed down and rules can be bent . 
  please do explain that step by step . 
  because i do n't think political will can actually bend the space-time . 
  the last moment for a quick deal was the last weekend . 
  then it was still possible to have an * additional * extension for the second bailout . 
  if there would have been an agreement by sunday/monday then there would still have been time for the national governments and parliaments to accept it before the program expired on tuesday . 
  now that program has expired . 
  the only way to make a quick deal with that is to invent a time machine , go back in to the past , and to tell the greeks not to walk out from the negotiation and not to call a referendum after the expiration date . 
  or , we could change the calendar . 
  we could change june to include 37 days and july only 24 . 
  then the end of the june would be later and we would still have some time until the end of june . 
  hell , we could change the whole july a june while at it . 
  but in reality we can not . 
  there is no quick deal any more . 
  the window for that closed already . 
  political will can only do so much . 
  what we 're now looking at is a * new and third bailout program * . 
  and reaching an agreement on that will take time . 
  it will take time even if greece votes yes . 
  the call for a referendum after the deal expiration deadline has put greece into a limbo that will remain for some time irrespective the result . 
   no viable deal can be made without restructuring the debt . 
  you do know that debt restructuring has been on the table since 2012 ? 
  the condition has been for greece to make the reforms first . 
  i for one , as will many others , agree that greece will need debt restructuring in the long run . 
  but i will not agree with a deal where greece fails to actually implement the reforms it has already agreed to and gets debt relief . 
  and i think that is the actual point of disagreement here . 
  v-man should perfectly well know that the debt relief has been on the table for years but with the condition of reforms . 
  by his loud disagreement he seems to want debt relief without conditions . 
  and i do n't know why anyone else in the eurozone would or even should agree to that , especially when they 're the ones paying . 
   because his ideology is correct and austerity is simply a mistake . 
  so the correct action to address the -16 % deficit of the greek budget would not have been to cut the spending but some other way ? 
  what way ? 
  how would greece have covered their deficit when they could not get any financing from the markets except with very very high yields ? 
  actually greece did weight their options in 2009-10 . 
  they did consider defaulting under their debt . 
  they did consider leaving euro . 
  they did the calculations , even had people from the argentinian default helping them , and as the calculations showed that the defaulting route would be even more disastrous they decided to ask for emergency loans from eu/imf . 
  and it 's not like greece was forced to do it . 
  it was their decision . 
  well , had he spent the last six months standing in an atm queue instead of failing at governing there would not be capital controls now . 
  but if he is a nice guy why is he lying ? 
  because he has to ? 
  or because he actually believes it ? 
  if you actually read the list of reforms [ in the relevant document ] ( https://www.imf.org/external/np/loi/2014/grc/051414.pdf ) could you quote from there the ones that are ` ridiculous austerity based demands ' ? 
  is the troika 's demand of protecting the most vulnerable a ` ridiculous austerity based demand ' ? 
  is the idea that the pensioners should be registered by a single electronic database a ridiculous idea ? 
  to me what is ridiculous here is the fact that obvious things in need of fixing needs to be repeatedly pointed out by the creditors when they 're so obvious that any reasonable person , never mind a politician , should see the problem and the need of fixing it even without someone rubbing it to their face and demanding fixing it . 
   correct me if im wrong well , you 're wrong . 
  as i already said it needs to get accepted by the national parliaments . 
  and the finance ministers will certainly not accept a deal that has no chance of passing their parliaments . 
  i may be wrong in my speculation , but my chrystal ball says finland will get to be the next evil bad country destroying greece . 
  the finnish parliament will convene the next time only in september . 
  and even then the prospect of the parliament accepting a * third * bailout will be slim . 
   but surely the whole issue is that those ridiculous austerity based demands do n't work , have n't been working and would serve to further destroy the gdp of greece ? 
  is for example establishing a tax collection system that actually works a ` ridiculous austerity based demand ' ? 
  the list of necessary reforms has been very well defined since greece asked and accepted the second bailout program , and committed to implement those reforms . 
  yet after only six months in power they have introduced capital controls . 
  great success !, 
  such competence . 
  wow . 
  i hate their new site design . 
  it was so streamlined , easy to use , clean and fast before ... * sigh *, 
  well , what exactly are the relevant institutions that the german centre-right actually controls and how ? 
  and as they do n't control the national parliaments of all eurozone countries which ultimately accept or reject a deal as it should be , then how is it even relevant ? 
  your comment implied that - i will edit accordingly . 
  could you please list the relevant institutions that the german centre-right actually controls . 
  because it certainly does not control the institutions that would accept the deal . 
  the question is : what kind of an agreement would have had better than snowball 's chances in hell to get accepted by the national parliaments ? 
  let 's not simply forget democracy here . 
  there are 19 countries in the eurozone . 
  ~ ~ your claim ~ ~ you implying that the german centre-right controls for example the finnish parliament is , well , delusional . 
   i doubt that there will be liquidity problems . 
  there * already is * a liquidity problem . 
  the greek banks are closed and there are capital controls in place . 
   if ecb stops providing liquidity they are fucked , the ecb that is . 
  what do you mean ` if ' ? 
  the ecb has already frozen the ela ceiling and certainly can not rise the limit without breaking their mandate . 
  they wo n't rise it unless the situation improves dramatically . 
  and it 's certainly not the ecb that is having liquidy problems here , it 's the greek banks - in fact their problem is not merely restricted to a liquidy problem but extends to a solvency problem . 
  for example : [ referendum to determine future of greece 's banks , economists say ] ( http://cyprusbusinessmail.com/?p=10803 ) and on july 20 a bond repayment to the ecb will fall on greece . 
  i do n't know how they 're going to pay it with a no-vote . 
  hell , i do n't know how they are going to pay it with a yes-vote either . 
  i do n't think promising the moon to the voters should count as honesty . 
  that would be my first thought too . 
  he and tsipras certainly should be familiar with that reality . 
  yet also tsipras claimed in his speech yesterday that there would be a new deal ` immediately ' after the referendum . 
  might also be willingly dishonest . 
  also bloomberg tv . 
  their coverage has been top-notch with the interviews , analyses , reporters on location , discussions & debates , and market reactions . 
  my way of following this unfolding has been to open / r/europe , guardian live , bloomberg tv and a beer .
