  the largest single group retiring to pension early , and thereby lowering the average , are the unemployed nearing the retirement age who find it almost impossible to get a new job . 
   finland can save it 's self from unnecessary cuts by raising the retirement age to 67 for both genders . 
  i do n't think so . 
  certainly rising the standard 65 by two years would help , but i do n't think it would cover the necessary savings elsewhere across the board . 
   why ganymede and not the water filled europa ? 
  also ganymede probably has a subsurface ocean and callisto too . 
  esa 's juice will orbit three of jupiter 's icy moons : ganymede , callisto and europa . 
  there 's a lot new to learn about each one of them and they all are very interesting , though i have to say my personal favourite in that regard is ganymede . 
  no worries , the underpant gnomes may reign free . 
   to be honest , this structural reform does n't go far enough , but it can buy time and can push things closer to a point where more harder and painfull reforms can be made . 
  yes , it 's a step into the right direction - but not the leap that will be needed later on . 
   the biggest reform that is needed right now is municipal reform , we have over 400 municipalities when we could do very well with less than one hundred . 
  that and the healthcare reform . 
  so far this government has dragged their feet on both those reforms and almost botched them already . 
  those really should get done before the next election . 
  and i hope they 'll learn some from the health care reforms in sweden and denmark . 
   this is major issue that needs some kind of solution . 
  public sector 's efficiency and productivity is and always should be an issue to keep an eye on , and there 's certainly room for improvement . 
  and as you say the municipalities are now under pressure to really improve it on their part . 
   to my knowledge , most european countries have n't calculated what is their current sustainability gap , which is pitty because if govermeants all over europe does n't address their sustainability gaps now they will pay even heavier prices in the near future . 
  remember that the timing , amplitude and duration of post-wwii baby boom varied between european countries . 
  in finland the biggest boom happened 1945-50 , but for example in germany it peaked 1955-1967 . 
  as we were among the first countries to experience it we will also be among the first countries to have them retiring . 
  but you 're right , planning ahead is wise indeed . 
  even if some other countries might have some more time than finland their clocks are ticking too . 
  pretty much by national consensus . 
  reforms and savings have a popular support : [ yle survey : finns are ready for structural reforms ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/yle_survey_finns_are_ready_for_structural_reforms/6782661 ) yesterday the governing coalition of six parties from right to left agreed on reforms , savings and budget cuts . 
  and today the union and employer representatives reached a very moderate labour market settlement which is a crucial part of the efforts : [ wage pact to bring a 20-euro raise for all , followed by one of 0.4 % ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/wage_pact_to_bring_a_20-euro_raise_for_all_followed_by_one_of_04/6808432 ) so pretty much everybody knows what 's at stake and are ready to tighten their belts in this boat . 
  there will be no riots or strikes over what is seen as neccessary for finland 's near-mid-long term future . 
  so there will be nothing out of ordinary to see , sorry . 
  just meek old finns doing their finnish stuff , that 's all . 
  as an export economy we really have to work on our competitiveness and productivity because the world we are competing with is changing fast and we 're losing out there . 
  we also have to keep our deficit in check with cuts and savings in public spending . 
  finland 's public debt is approaching 60 % of gdp . 
  that may not sound like much , but if the deficit is not kept in check the debt will quickly grow to unsustainable levels with raising interests , and then the decade ahead would look very bleak indeed . 
  and we really need to keep the triple-a credit rating . 
  finland also has to attract more foreign investments and those agreements in part address that . 
  and we also have to keep in mind that finland 's share of the financial help to crisis countries is about $ 36.4 bn in payments , loans , guarantees and commitments to various mechanisms and as assistance to iceland , latvia , portugal , ireland , greece etc. 
  some of those exposures are really high risk . 
  and as it looks more and more likely that there will be write-offs of some of those loans it will not only cause damage but also threaten the triple-a . 
  would get costly . 
   it 's not a question about attracting private investment , it was a question of getting eu-sanctioned public investment , like from the european investment bank . 
  then by all means send more applications that way . 
  during 2008-12 projects in greece got $ 7.6 bn from european investment bank . 
   the eu structural funds require member-state co-financing of 50 % . 
  if a state ca n't afford that , then it does n't take any money for investment . 
  and yet greece has received billions every year . 
  the funding does not require co-financing from state . 
  you can have the rest from pretty much any source in your country such as provincial funds , private sector investments , or from organizations . 
   besides , we all know full well that the fiscal transfers through the eu budget hardly make the eu a fiscal union . 
   i think you 've fallen victim to the opaque terminology used by politicians , like `` necessary structural reforms '' . 
  no , sorry i 'm not . 
  i actually do know what that term covers in the case of greece . 
  if your politicians say what you claim then you should demand better from them . 
   ... hell no . 
  all they ask for is more wage decreases and privatisations . 
  from that burst of rhetoricals i conclude that you apparently do n't know what imf program actually includes and why . 
  for example it 's not about closing hospitals . 
  and if your politicians claim that they 're you should demand better from them . 
   the number of civil servants in greece is pretty low now , because of a programme of hiring only one person every 10 who leave . 
  there is no redundancy as far as the total number of public servants is concerned . 
  so greece has measured the productivity and efficiency of public sector ? 
  how much has it improved after the `` hire one after ten happen to leave '' - policy ? 
   firing people now just decreases state expenditure , increases unemployment , and lowers the quality of the public services . 
  you can make an argument for that , but it would be a neoliberal argument , not a common sense policy . 
  poisoning the well as a pre-emptive argument i see . 
  any argument i can make is `` neoliberal '' , and can not be common sense you say . 
  fine . 
  would it make sense to you that the more efficiently and the more productively the public sector works , the better the services provided at smaller cost ? 
   the difference is that first , finland was still in control of its currency and second , while finland was in recession everyone else was booming . 
  the situation is not even remotely comparable . 
  never claimed similar situation , it did hurt badly and i remeber that very well . 
  well , everyone else may have been booming - if you do n't count the us , japan , and most of europe etc which were all hit ( [ early 1990s recession ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_1990s_recession ) ) . 
  perhaps you just did n't notice it in greece . 
   the question is what those reforms should be . 
  at this point of time it 's quite late to still be pondering it when those should have happened long before yesterday . 
  you know , thanks to globalization etc , we all live in a sort of [ red queen 's race ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_queen%27s_race ) : * `` well , in our country , '' said alice , still panting a little , `` you 'd generally get to somewhere else -- if you run very fast for a long time , as we 've been doing . 
  '' * * `` a slow sort of country ! '', 
  said the queen . 
  `` now , here , you see , it takes all the running you can do , to keep in the same place . 
  if you want to get somewhere else , you must run at least twice as fast as that !, 
  '' *  the troika and many people here in reddit focus on the public sector . 
  i just can not see how that was our biggest problem . 
  if you actually read [ imf documents ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/country/grc/index.htm ) the public sector is just one of many in those . 
  the reason it gets discussed and mentioned a lot is because the greek government has been very slow to actually address it letting the private sector to take most of the pain instead . 
   closing down hospitals with the intention of pushing the private sector to make up for it is not something i think of as `` necessary structural reforms . '', 
  and if you read the documents where has imf demanded your government to close down hospitals ? 
   underpaying and cutting positions in the education sector does not sound like `` necessary structural reforms . '', 
  or that ? 
  did you know that the evil imf has prevented your government from cutting the smallest pensions ? 
   selling out the nationalised power industry , the trains , the ports and the airports feels more like a political move than weeding out the bad parts of our economy . 
  it feels more like a liberisation of our economy . 
  yeah , it may feel funny if you 're used to having government running even the horce race tracks . 
  rough rule of thumbs for privatizations : if it 's not profitable , sell it . 
  because you 're losing money and as you obviously can not run that business yourself perhaps the new owners can run and churn profit and taxable income for everybody 's benefit . 
  if it 's strategically important to your country , keep it or at least 50.1 % of shares . 
  even if it 's profitable consider selling it if someone else can run it better , or consider selling some of the shares for the potential of making lot of money as a jackpot . 
  and there 's a wide middle ground between privatize nothing and privatize everything . 
  do n't like to privatize utilities like water ? 
  fine do n't do it .
