  - ocean 's 11, 
  not sure how much of that was the will of the people , and how much was extremists ( e.g. 
  communists , nazies ) combining in political violence in order to suppress the moderates ( e.g. 
  social democrats ) . 
   you can see a tendency that those better educated , that you can presume that they know how the eu works , like the eu more . 
  you could very clearly see that during the vote in the uk . 
  you 're of course free to presume that . 
  but i 'm oldschool enough to know that presumptions are just that . 
  there 's likely numerous reasons behind the voting behavior in the uk , and there 's likely numerous reasons why a well-educated person would like the eu more , such as : it could provide new career opportunities for an educated individual i.e. 
  it 's just simple personal self-interest . 
  establishing those numerous reasons needs more than presumptions : hard data and scholarly analyses of it . 
  additionally i do n't simply assume that a well-educated person knows any better say what 's the difference between ecthr and echr and how they might relate to the eu than an average person does unless that happens to be in the area of their experteese . 
  and the idea that the more you know the eu the more you like it is certainly not always correct . 
  this is just a personal anecdote but i used to like the * idea * of the eu a lot , i 'm familiar with the eu institutions and relevant treaties and i even used to be a federalist . 
  yet during the past few years after seeing how the eu actually works i have to say i 'm certainly not a federalist any more . 
  does n't mean i now completely hate the idea of the eu , but certainly having less love for the eu as it is . 
   also i would ask you for an example of what you perceive as micro managing . 
  there probably is some , but i do not think there is too much . 
  most of the regulations coming from brussels actually make sense . 
  for example do we not like that all of our cell phones use the same micro usb chargers ? 
  yes , that is a good example of * market regulation * . 
  and in fact i also agree with the cucumber one . 
  those are both examples of how you regulate the common market . 
  some may say they 're too much micromanagement but i do n't - after all when a whosales buyer in finland is looking for 10 tons of first class cucumbers and finds a good offer in spain it only makes sense that those first class cucumbers are not all wonky when they arrive to finland . 
  and if he looks for wonky cucumbers then they 're not first class but cheaper ones and good for making relish or smth . 
  that 's what * regulating the common market * is , and the related directives often do make sense even if they may sometimes seem exceedingly detailed . 
  and of course , there 's always the possibility of over-regulating the market . 
  for example , imo the eu lighting directive is an example of over-regulating . 
  and i 'm still on the fence regarding the vacuum cleaner directive . 
  at face value it does make sense , but it really depends on the manufacturers whether they can design and deliver accordingly . 
  if not , then consumers get inferior products thanks to that directive . 
  unfortunately the long arm of brussels does not limit itself to only regulating the common market . 
  the eu also makes policies , decisions and directives with local social , political and economic long-term consequenses that they really should pay more attention to and observe the subsidiarity principle . 
  latest example of that is the new eu firearms directive . 
  there has been a prevailing narrative in the media that the brits are regretting the result providing only cherrypicked anecdotes as evidence . 
  yet here 's an opinion poll conducted after the referendum result : https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/746808977908994048  on the eu referendum result : happy : 48 % unhappy : 43 % indifferent : 7 % ( via comres ) that does not seem to support the narrative of leave voters regretting . 
  to the contrary . 
  in fact according to that poll remain voters would appear to be more likely to regret their vote as there 's more remain voters happy with the result ( 4 % ) than unhappy leave voters ( 1 % ) . 
  albeit they both are very small numbers to capture accurately in a survey . 
   vote split / / on the #euref result ( remain / leave ) : happy : 4 % / 92 % unhappy : 88 % / 1 % indifferent : 7 % / 5 % ( via comres ), 
  wow , a surprisingly sober article from the wp . 
  good read . 
   `` i think it would be better if people understood how the european union worked , because then they could understand what it 's actually doing , '' said nathalie nied , 24 , a graduate student from germany in the program that is taught in french , german and english . 
  well , that would be good of course . 
  albeit if people knew how the eu actually works does not mean that then they would love it more , could be the opposite even . 
  yet what i see as far more important is that the eu would respect the * subsidiarity * as one of its general principles . 
  the basic principle that political issues should be dealt with at the local level where their effects are felt often seems abandoned by the micromanaging brussels . 
  and people tend to really hate that . 
  i have heard a lot said and seen a lot of comments out there about various issues - but most often they 're completely inconsequential and have no bearing whatsoever on actual policy . 
  and in the matter of immigrants working in the nhs it is the british gov policy and nhs policy that matters , not some cherrypicked comments by random persons on street . 
  indeed . 
  i did the same at the time with the conclusion that they simply pulled it out of their ass . 
  they gave no source nor rationale for their insane numbers . 
  apparently they skipped the steps of conducting research and then sanity checking their outlandish numbers . 
  and , as a result , not only is the 2007 small arms survey suspect but also any analysis which uses their numbers . 
   is n't the problem that the very original survey quoted here actually calculated estimated illegal ownership as well ? 
  yes . 
  or more accurately the biggest problem was that the folks at geneve graduate institute of international studies did n't actually research or even calculate it but pulled it out of their ass . 
  according to their 2007 numbers they seem to believe that somehow there would be up to * 1.3 million * illegal firearms in finland !, 
  which to any person with even some common sense should reek of bullshit kilometers away . 
  yet that insane number is what they went with - apparenty skipping the step where one should actually conduct research , and then the step of making even basic sanity checks on their numbers . 
  and here we are almost a decade later with that bullshit still living on . 
  could you point out where the british gov or the nhs has said that ? 
  the number for finland ( 45.30 ) is patently incorrect . 
  the actual number is about 32 firearms per 100 inhabitants . 
  so , why are they using incorrect number ? 
  because voxeurop has not researched for actual up-to-date statistics but copied the numbers from the guardian which in a 2012 article used that same incorrect data . 
  and their error goes back to year 2007 small arms survey which grossly overestimated the number of firearms in finland . 
  amazing that the same old bullshit number still lives on after almost a decade . 
  and the eu has been in crisis-mode for how long ? 
  almost a decade already ? 
  financial crisis , refugee crisis , brexit crisis ... 
  living in the eu . 
  another day , another crisis . 
   race to the bottom as it is happening in europe is in fact a western invention . 
  elite institutes top down freedom of movement , which benefits the said elite and massively depresses lower strata of society . 
    in the past , when elite instituted such systemic imbalance , it started to create societal tension . 
  if this tension goes without being released for a while , we got civil wars . 
  indeed . 
  the previous period of globalization and free trade was in late 19th and early 20th century . 
  then trade openness of national economies and gross capital flows were actually even higher than today . 
  the period 1871-1914 is often called the belle epoque . 
  raw materials and energy ( coal ) were cheap , and very cheap labour was ensured by class structures , inequality , and mass immigration . 
  that period ended into a total disaster ( wwi ) and the aftermath led to an opposite trend with increasing protectionism and related social , political and economic upheavals . 
  in the sense of economic integration the globalization we have seen in the past 30 years pales in comparison to that of the belle epoque , and today 's world economy is less integrated than it was then :  contrary to popular belief the most impressive episode of international economic integration which the world has seen to date was not the second half of the 20th century , but the years between 1870 and the great war . 
  the 19th century , and in particular the late 19th century , was the period that saw the largest decline ever in inter-continental barriers to trade and factor mobility . 
  ( o\u2019rourke , k. h. ( 2000 ) europe and the causes of globalization , 1790 to 2000 in h.kierzkowski ( ed . 
  ) , from europeanization of the globe to the globalization of europe ( palgrave , 2002 ) ) there 's many lessons to learn from the belle epoque . 
  the first one is that contrary to what many may claim economic integration is certainly not a guarantee for peace . 
  the second one is that globalization tends to promote inequality and the benefits tend to mostly get reaped by the elite . 
  the third lesson is that contemporary trends of globalization are not at all irreversible . 
  they have changed in the past and may just as well change in the future . 
  and the decades after the belle epoque show that nations are perfectly capable of building wealth and welfare for their citizens also without global economic integration or mass immigration . 
  no , i do n't know the exact time of polling but certainly after the result had been declared . 
  also , looks like there 's more remain voters happy with the result ( 4 % ) than unhappy leave voters ( 1 % ) . 
  albeit both are very small numbers to capture correctly in a survey . 
   vote split / / on the #euref result ( remain / leave ) : happy : 4 % / 92 % unhappy : 88 % / 1 % indifferent : 7 % / 5 % ( via comres ), 
  fwiw i agree with you there . 
  certainly something must be seriously wrong with the eu project as the second most important member just voted to leave it . 
  i sincerely do hope that brexit works as a final wake up call for the eu decision makers .
