  a roadmap . 
  a clear calendar . 
  no more intentions . 
  and we have seen nothing of the sort . 
  yes , greece has previously made proposals but unfortunately not presented * actual plans with the necessary specifics * . 
  and such plans must be extraordinaly detailed just as the earlier one has been - no-one will accept replacing the earlier detailed plans with new vague ones which can not be even evaluated for their lack of specifics . 
  [ here 's an example of an actual plan with the specifics needed . 
  you 're certainly free to base your views on that . 
  i for one am still waiting for a proposal which incudes an actual plan with specifics , as does the eurogroup and pretty much everyone . 
  you can see from the example in my comment what is meant by having an actual plan . 
  i think many have read the expired proposals . 
  hence the critisism of lack of specifics . 
  here 's an example of what is meant by having [ a plan with specifics . 
   any and all collective bargaining rights have been abolished in greece since the 2012 bailout agreement . 
  if that is actually true then it 's solely greek govs action as the troika never demanded such . 
  the terms have always been about bringing the unions ' operation aligned with international conventions and the best practises in the eu - which was not the case before . 
  in fact such action goes against the moa where it is stated :  the rules for strikes by unions have remained unchanged for over three decades , and greece is an outlier in the eu in prohibiting lockouts , even as a defensive tool for employers during labor negotiations . 
  the rules for trade union operations will be reviewed in the coming months and brought in line with eu best practices by end-october . 
   ...  industrial action . 
  to safeguard the right to work , promote constructive relations among parties , and avoid any undue disruption of the operations of firms , and at the same time ensure that the framework for trade unions ' operations is mature and aligned with international conventions , we will : by end-june 2014 , review against best practices the existing framework ; after consultation with social partners , prepare by end-september 2014 in discussion with the ec/ecb/imf the necessary legislative changes to bring the framework in line with best practice in the eu ; and adopt these changes by end-october 2014 ( structural benchmark ) . 
  to safeguard the right to work , promote constructive relations among parties to industrial relations , and avoid any undue disruption of the operations of firms , and at the same time ensure that the framework for unions ' operations is mature and aligned with international conventions : i. 
  reviews the existing framework against best practices ( june 2014 ) . 
  after consultations with social partners prepares the necessary legislative changes to bring the greek framework in line with best practices , and in full respect of the applicable international conventions , by september 2014 . iii . 
  adopts those changes by october 2014 . 
  and he 's not wrong . 
  it has to be discussed in any case - even if there 's no grexit . 
  it 's unlikely the banks will open this week , and we do n't know when greece will be able to lift the capital controls . 
  with all the uncertainty the possibility that greece might need humanitarian aid in the near term is there even without grexit . 
   italy 's debt burden now at record high 132 % of gdp though . 
  about 2/3 of that debt is domestic , so external debt is not that high . 
  regarding your original question : italy 's debt is sustainable . 
  the debt profile is favourable , they can service it and are not about to default on it . 
  but having such high debt brings vulnerabilities and risks with it . 
  and a serious shock hitting italy 's economy could lead to a situation where italy 's ability to service its debt could become under risk . 
  for analyses , see [ imf country report no . 
  14/283 - italy ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2014/cr14283.pdf )  annex i. 
  debt sustainability analysis  italy 's public debt is sustainable but subject to significant risks . 
  italy 's public debt ratio continues to rise , and at around 136 percent of gdp , is the second highest in the euro area . 
  external financing requirements and gross public financing needs are also large due to the rollover of existing debt . 
  most of the public debt is held domestically . 
  market risks are mitigated by the long duration of debt , much of which is under a fixed interest rate . 
  the main risk stems from a growth shock , in the absence of structural reforms , which could result in an unfavorable macro-fiscal dynamics . 
  contingent liabilities in the financial sector also constitute a significant risk . 
  perhaps it 's related to the problem of arranging short-term bridge financing for greece :  a greek government source confirmed that athens was seeking an interim financing deal to cover its debt service hump over the summer ahead of a longer-term program . 
   the eu sources were reluctant to discuss how greece 's short-term needs would be funded . 
   two sources said it would be a mixture of releasing 1.9 billion euros in profits returned by the ecb to member governments on its greek bond holdings , and ** either bilateral loans from friendly countries ** or a decision by the ecb to allow greece to issue more short-term treasury bills . 
  could that imply passing the hat among the eu-28 ? 
  italy 's pm matteo renzi just confirmed the summit will happen on sunday and that it will involve all 28 eu leaders , not just the ez . 
  well , they were correct in saying there is no way of reviving the second bailout which has expired . 
  releasing those accumulated funds is a separate issue . 
  of course , the problem is that those funds are limited and probably not enough to cover the needs for even one month never mind bridging over several . 
   that 's why we have executive branch , right ? 
  get a job done . 
  indeed . 
  as for the quick bridge financing there 's some funds that could be released to greece quickly and could cover at least some of what is needed . 
  the efsf bailout program ( the second bailout that expired last tuesday ) included mechanisms to pay back to greece the profits that the ecb and other countries made on the loans to greece ( yes , contrary to the popular reddit-meme the institutions and countries have not been making huge profits on the loans ) . 
  as the second bailout program expired last tuesday also those mechanisms expired . 
  yet those mechanisms still have some previously accumulated funds which would have been given to greece if the program had continued . 
  afaik there 's about $ 3.3 bn in ecb , $ 1.85 bn in esm , and about $ 1.5 bn by ez governments . 
  my numbers could be off , but you get the idea : releasing those funds to greece could be a quick process without the need of going through the national parliaments - needs an unanimous decision by the eurogroup though . 
   again , fair point . 
  ecb payment likely takes precedence . 
  imf has the seniority . 
  i do n't know if it 's possible to pay the ecb before first paying the imf . 
  what we 're currently looking at in this clusterfuck : after greece let the second efsf bailout program expire there 's little hope of a quick solution . 
  the current word is ( rumour ) : greece is probably going to ask for bridge financing to take them over july and a couple of months after that . 
  then they would need a new mid-term financing program from the esm mechanism for about 3-4 years . 
  so , we would be looking at 3rd and 4th bailout program for greece . 
  good luck getting that accepted by the national parliaments . 
   state of play in previous 4 euro years ( last 2 tele-conf ) * euro groups he means the past eurogroup meetings and teleconferences . 
  wow . 
  interesting . 
  should have checked the customer 's name back then . 
  [ ` no triumphalism ' ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cjuafdfweaevswx.jpg ), 
  imposing capital controls was greece 's decision . 
  they had to do it because they had a banking run going on , which was accelerated during the weekend after the greek gov 's decision to leave the negotiations and call a referendum instead . 
  also , the breakdown of the negotiations to extend the bailout program led to the ebc freezing the ela ceiling to greek banks - which was an expected decision and according to their mandate . 
   i was referring to an offer with the same terms . 
  those terms were for the extension of the second bailout program . 
  the extension of that efsf program was feasible both economically and politically . 
  now that program has expired , and there 's no chance of reviving it . 
  if there will be further bailouts for greece that would require a completely new bailout program . 
  while the terms could be superficially similar the terms can not and will not be the same because the new bailout would not be from efsf mechanism but esm which a different beast . 
  also , greece getting a third bailout may not be politically feasible . 
  it will be very difficult to get the ez countries to agree to it and national parliaments to accept it . 
   the age difference in oxi vs nai says it all - older people in the country fundamentally care about a status quo that massively benefitted them and young greeks are watching as their futures are being gambled away . 
  there 's also another aspect to that . 
  the youngsters do n't remember the times before . 
  to an extent you can see that same phenomenom in all eu countries - including some younger politicians who were not participating to the long process when , how and why emu and then euro was formed . 
  older generations remember the times before the emu and euro when european countries competed against one other with competitive devaluations in a race to the bottom . 
  here 's for example frence 's historic inflation rate : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/embed/?s=frcpiyoy&amp;d1=19580101&amp;d2=20151231&amp;h=300&amp;w=600&amp;ref=/france/inflation-cpi, 
  interesting . 
  yet the greek pm tsipras ( syriza ) claimed there would be a new bailout deal ` immediately ' after the referendum , and even claimed that a no-vote would give him better position negotiating that . 
  but you say it was actually samaras wanting that . 
  look , i do n't want to delve deeper into the intricacies of greek politics which are obviously incomprehensible to me but apparently the fact remains that greece does not need a third bailout , and that is indeed good to hear . 
  the media had made me to believe that greece was seeking a third bailout . 
  and it is indeed good to hear they do n't need it nor want it . 
  yea , how dare they . 
  should not have punched . 
  should not have fired .
