  but perhaps others with more insight into finnish grammar can come up with additional info or even some counterexamples . 
  as there 's no gender in finnish they 're both ` h\u00e4n ' . 
  bloody tourists ... 
   ukraine is n't doing any of that , corruption there is significantly higher than even russia 's and their way of heading west is to tear up everything with russia , despite russia always having been a crucial trading partner . 
  stupid . 
  how exactly has ukraine been ` tearing up everything with russia ' . 
  earlier you claimed that ukraine 's government revoked the lease extension of russia 's naval base in sevastopol `` so russia just took the matter in its own hands '' , when it was in fact russia that nullified that agreement . 
  after invasion , occupation and annexation of crimea russia unilaterally denunciated the kharkov pact march 31 . 
  to me it seems it 's russia ` tearing up everything with ukraine ' . 
   russia is merely cutting the subsidies that ukraine has been getting on gas prices . 
  if fair market price is suddenly ` economic warfare ' then charging money for food in restaurants is ` forced starvation in concentration camps ' . 
  the $ 485 is simply ridiculous price as european average gazprom price is $ 380 including transit costs . 
  look at map and the transit distances involved and compare to the distance between ukraine and russia . 
  russia 's unilateral price hike is certainly not ` fair market price ' , it 's a silly price , and with the reverse flow ukraine could get gazprom gas much cheaper rerouted from the european hubs than directly from russia . 
  that 's a hall mark of a silly price . 
   so do n't misrepresent it i have not misrepresented anything . 
  it is you who represented that piece as evidence of an agreement which does not exist and the article agrees . 
   they heavily implied and even said that they were n't going to do it , then they did it . 
  you claimed there was ` an agreement ' . 
  there was none . 
  now you claim it was ` heavily implied ' as if that would be somehow relevant . 
  according to your source at best there was `` mixed messages and diplomatic ambiguities '' and not by the us and not by the nato . 
  there there , have an upvote . 
   and we shit our pants ... no , not really . 
  so far the us and the eu have responded in a sensible and coherent way . 
  and russia has not succeeded in dividing the eu nor creating a division between the us and the eu . 
  i know some may regard the diplomatic and economic sanctions imposed so far as underwhelming . 
  but the point is to keep the stronger sanctions still at the bay and only impose them as a consequence when they 're most needed . 
  because if you go straight to the level 5 then there 's nothing left after that except force . 
  you 're indeed correct . 
  i merely wanted to point out the incorrectness of that particular piece of revisionist history . 
  as a historical myth it belongs to the same category with the german post-wwi `` stab-in-the-back '' legend . 
  and , as it happens , there are also some parallers in how they 're abused in justifying aggression . 
   that 's kind of why all those `` missile defense batteries '' and radars that us is pushing in every country around russia are important . 
  firstly , the us is certainly not doing that . 
  and secondly , they 're inconsequential to the russian icbms and mad . 
   they are n't doing it for shits and giggles . 
  right . 
  for example the proposed missile defence sites in poland and czech republic are intented to protect europe against iran 's missiles . 
  and both sites would be inconsequential to the russian icbms and mad . 
  oh , i have bothered to read about it , thank you very much . 
  and i have seen no actual evidence whatsoever of such agreement existing - only unsubstantiated claims . 
  and also your linked article does not present such agreement . 
  in fact it clearly says that neither the us nor nato made such promise , and that helmut kohl spoke for west germany only , and there 's nothing about the nato enlargement in writing : * `` did the united states betray russia at the dawn of the post-cold war era ? 
  the short answer is no . 
  '' * at best `` there were mixed messages and diplomatic ambiguities '' as per helmut kohl or his fm . 
  and certainly not an agreement nor a promise by nato or the us . 
   it was an agreement between george hw bush and gorbachev , show me this agreement then , please . 
  like i said there 's no evidence of it existing . 
  just some unsubstantiated claims . 
  it 's a myth . 
   but then the new opposition gov ' t revoked the lease extension , so russia just took the matter in its own hands ... ukraine 's new government did not revoke it . 
  in fact russia did as after invasion , occupation and annexation they unilaterally denunciated the kharkov pact march 31 . 
   if given chance any ukrainian would prefer russia than ukraine , seeing recent riots and revolution ( where people saw a hope to leave ukraine for eu ) it 's clear ukrainians do n't want to stay there and now if they are getting a chance to make their home territory as russian strange that no opinion polls support your claims . 
  according to opinion polls joining russia is very much a minority opinion in ukraine even in the eastern regions . 
  it has a strong correlation with age and is mostly supported by the old people . 
  yes . 
  russia is not a superpower , it 's just a regional power or an emerging power . 
   as he was very bitter to see us break the promise of no post-ussr nato expansion into the warsaw pact the funny thing is , there is no evidence of such promise ever made and it does not even make sense in the context it allegdly happened . 
  one would expect that believers of such promise could actually show the proof of it 's existence but alas there 's none to be found . 
  it 's a myth . 
  here 's historical research of the recently declassified relevant archives : [ the myth of a no-nato-enlargement pledge to russia ] ( http://dialogueeurope.org/uploads/file/resources/twq%20article%20on%20germany%20and%20nato.pdf ) * `` nato expansion beyond germany never even came up during reuni\ufb01cation negotiations . 
  '' * * `` declassified materials show unmistakably that no such pledge was made . 
  valid arguments can be made against nato enlargement , but this particular argument is spurious . 
  not having russian troops does not make the declaration by handful of unknown guys in donetsk legal nor a ` genuine expression of self-determination ' . 
  the regional parliament or legislative bodies have not called for a referendum , in fact they 're opposed , and there 's no sign for popular support for such . 
  it 's a declaration by bunch of unidentified persons who have seized a building there , declared that the region is now a `` people 's republic of donetsk '' , have asked for russia to send troops , and claimed that a referendum joining russia will take place no later than 11 may . 
  there 's nothing legitimate about the referendum and i 'd think the osce would agree . 
  if nothing else there seems fishy at all to you just look at the date . 
   deposing the guy who still enjoys widespread popular support in half the country you actually believe that yanokovich is still popular ? 
  no polls support your notion . 
  no , the polar bears ate them . 
  so , about that statue in the picture . 
  it looks interesting . 
  i do know it is a statue . 
  and i do know there is also a person in the picture . 
  i 'd like to learn more about the statue . 
  anyone ? 
  yeah , it 's unfortunate that some foreign news agencies and media has picked up and re-reported some of the skewed pieces on that site . 
  it 's not an actual news agency or an accredited news source . 
  looks like it 's run by a shady turkish immigrant holding a grudge against finns and trying to earn some clicks by posting faux news with no credentials . 
  so far possible links to russia seem tenuous if they exist at all . 
  the site has a ban on reddit for shilling/vote cheating . 
   so the people never voted for him . 
  yes they did as he is an mp . 
  the people voted and elected the mps in 2012 parliamentary election . 
  the current coalition government was formed from the mps and was voted into power by the parliament which has been elected by the people in 2012 . 
  that 's just like democracy works in most countries . 
   i find it hard to believe it was legal for ukraine to become independent of russia in the first place looks like you have bought the kremlin narrative . 
  actually ukraine became independend from the * soviet union * - not russia . 
  ukraine 's parliament declared independence august 1991 after the communist coup in kremlin . 
  in december 1991 ukraine had a referendum with overwhelming support for independence . 
  and russia was among the first countries to recognize ukraine 's independence dec 2nd 1991 . 
  your version rings more like modern russian revisionism than actual history . 
  and considering it was n't even repealed it 's much noise over nothing . 
  nokia 's impact was huge in the nineties - later on not that much . 
   sweden has done better because they did n't adopt the euro . 
  while having their own currency probably has its effect it has shit to do with the structure of exports . 
  the investment driven export industries will continue to suffer as long as there is no new investments in other countries . 
  it does not matter how cheap your currency is when they 're not investing into new production and buying new machinery , paper mills or cruise ships .
