  who is a rebel ? 
  who is a conservative ? 
  you just have to accept that not all definitions in this world are exact and then deal with that . 
  that 's life . 
   what person is a prime member of the cultural elite ? 
  just for some examples : notable writers , movie directors , head editors , journalists , actors , tv writers and directors , producers , even politicians with their opinions and policies , etc etc etc  has anyone put a name to it ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking for but if you need a single name there is none to give . 
  for example : lars von trier belongs to the cultural elite of denmark , but lars von trier is not the cultural elite in denmark . 
  ^ a million times this . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  it 's not logical , it 's not rational , it 's as if they view grown-up adults from other cultures as mere children . 
   do n't know about sweden in sweden the relevant phenomenom is the opinion corridor or * \u00e5siktskorridoren * within which your public opinions have to fall into and especially so if you 're a member of the cultural elite , a journalist or a politician . 
  because if they do n't the public witchunt begins by those who define the \u00e5siktskorridoren . 
  here 's someone doing at least some self-reflection on participating to that phenomenom : [ det \u00e4r jag som \u00e4r \u00e5siktskorridoren ] ( http://www.expressen.se/ledare/ann-charlotte-marteus/det-ar-jag-som-ar-asiktskorridoren/ ) as a dane you probably saw a demonstration of that phenomenom with the swede in that immigration debate on danish tv . 
  even as his position had been shown to be untenable he could not let it go because that would have put him outside the \u00e5siktskorridoren which is apparenty worse than death for a member of cultural elite . 
  and that in turn leads to the attitude of * no matter how wrong i am i 'm always right * which is something remarkedly aristocratic : being always right not by debate but by some higher perhaps even divine right . 
   with this come a na\u00efve view of human nature , that almost all woes are the result of oppression . 
  the most naive and the most damaging of those views is the mistaken belief that you can change the human nature and create a new human ( e.g. 
  [ the new soviet man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_soviet_man ) ) . 
  for example , they actually believe that a male that has grown up in the most misogynistic cultures on earth would simply discard his culture , his attitudes and his behavioral patterns towards women simply by telling him that it 's not how we view it over here . 
  in the comments of that essay i noticed this :  even trevor philips was expressing his doubts about multiculturalism trevor phillips has been the head of the commission for racial equality and the chair of its successor the commission for equality and human rights in the uk . 
  and even he has publicly expressed his well-founded doubts about the rationality or feasibility of multiculturalism . 
  he recently made an interesting and thought provoking documentary : [ things we wo n't say about race -- that are true ] ( http://www.outlineproductions.co.uk/productions/things-we-wont-say-about-race-that-are-true/ ), 
   there was a referendum , first . 
  yes there was referendums about the membership but that was not the first thing to happen . 
  before that there is membership application and membership negotiations . 
  and then there was referendums on the negotiated membership agreements . 
   but i 've never heard about such agreements before , living in sweden it was not an agreement . 
  it was just a mutual , talked between friends , understanding between finland and sweden that we would apply for eu membership simultaneously . 
  then suddenly sweden applied and finland was caught by the pants down surprise , and there was no option but to apply for a membership asap . 
  all in all , in hindsight , it may not look like that big a deal . 
  and no , i personally do not see it as sweden betraying finland . 
  but it certainly was a big deal at the time , and after that i certainly understand why finland may be suspicious about similar possibilty with sweden and nato membership . 
   this is perhaps little reported about in sweden ? 
  can not say . 
  but it 's not an issue in need of urgent reporting any more . 
  it was something that happened over two decades ago . 
  long time . 
  so perhaps it 's mentioned in memoirs of the politicians of the time . 
   does this have any context ? 
  the security landscape over the baltic region has changed over the past few years . 
  and for past years sweden and finland have been actively and seriously looking into mutual defence cooperation . 
  last year the finnish defence forces and swedish armed forces published [ a joint report on possibilities for deepened defence cooperation . 
  ] ( http://www.defmin.fi/files/3074/final_reports_on_deepened_defence_cooperation_between_finland_and_sweden.pdf ) just for one example , finland might have helped sweden in the october 2014 submarine hunt but there were no legal mechanisms to do so and hence finland could not provide assistance even if sweden had asked ( they did n't because they have their legal system too ) . 
  this is something that could and should work better . 
  each country 's defence forces have their strengths and weaknessess , and we should seriously look into how to best cooperate to cover those . 
  in both countries defence cooperation has been seen as a mutual benefit , and some even see it as a potential alternative to nato membership . 
  ( the last time sweden and finland were seriously planning mutual defence cooperation was in 1940 . 
  then we were about to sign a mutual defence pact . 
  but just as it was about to be signed the soviet union , which still planned to invade and occupy finland after their initial failure in the winter war , protested loudly against such defence pact and called it a * casus belli * . 
  yeah they actually threatened that a defence pact between two neutral countries is a cause for invasion . 
  so , at last minute sweden had to back out of it which was only rational thing to do as the su had already been amassing new invasion forces close to finnish border . 
  so , nothing came out of that , and finland was once again alone until approached by germany ... )  why make such a statement now ? 
  because cooperation is seen as important and beneficial in both countries . 
  furthermore , [ as sweden 's foreign minister margot wallstr\u00f6m said ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/ruotsin_ulkoministeri_suomessa_pelataan_ruotsin_liittyvan_natoon_salaa/8583883 ) , the joint statement is in part to dissolve the finnish suspicions of sweden joining the nato alone without telling finland . 
  from the finnish pov that would be pretty much the worst outcame , and if sweden joined nato then the only rational option left for finland would be to join asap if even possible any more ( why ? 
  just take a look at a map ) . 
  the background for such suspicion is what happened in the early '90s when sweden decided to apply for eu membership without telling finland first even as there had been a mutual understanding that we would do it simultaneously . 
   does n't sound like a typical ` liberal ' , does it ? 
  as i said elsewhere : liberalism has more to do with rule of law than anarchy . 
  it 's unfortunate that the obvious lack of rule of law regarding this migrant wave is seen as liberal . 
  it is certainly not , it is the opposite of it . 
  it 's closer to anarchy than liberalism . 
  very important matter and some interesting points made in that podcast . 
  unfortunately it was only about 5 min as i would gladly have listened an in-depth discussion on these matters even for an hour . 
  imo journalists have not only right but first and foremost * a duty * to inform the public . 
  and this duty is often where they first fail , and tend to concentrate on the right instead . 
  some professions have oaths where they swear to uphold their duties . 
  but journalists unfortunately not . 
  with postmodern thinking journalists have become lazier than before and some even see their profession not as a duty to inform but as a platform to promote their personal agenda . 
  in that thinking a journalist proclaims , as per the postmodern thought , that it is impossible for a person to be objective and therefore i should not even strive for objectivity in my profession . 
  that is lazy and wrong . 
  while it is true that no person is totally objective to reality , and such is an impossible standard for an individual to achieve , it is very much possible for * reporting * to be objective . 
  that is something that for example natural sciences have coped with for centuries , and have established philosophies , standards and methods to conduct objective research and objective reporting on that research even if the scientists themselves are only human . 
  obviously it is not impossible to have objective * reporting * even if it 's done by only a human . 
  and that is what journalism should strive for instead of inventing lazy excuses for personal agenda driven bias . 
  making masterwork crafts from metal and stones ? 
  check . 
  [ this is a $ wristwatch $ . 
  all craftdwarfship is of the highest quality . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xtm6ke6.jpg ) this object menaces with spikes of masterfully cut baguette diamonds [ x 1185 ] . 
  basic value : 1000000 $, 
  interesting . 
  thanks !, 
   ok , i do n't have a problem with that . 
  imo g\u00fcnther oettinger can freely critisize anything he wants , and i barely pay attention . 
  but such serious threats are a different matter altogether . 
  nope . 
  as a finnish reservist i know that to be the case over here ( and not necessarily on every single bridge ) . 
  i can only assume that is also the case in switzerland , as that particular strategy works better if you put it in the design . 
  the letter is not about mere criticism but about g\u00fcnther oettinger 's open threats . 
  [ he has threatened poland with losing its voting rights in the eu commission ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/oettinger-warns-poland-over-new-media-law-rule-of-law-mechanism/ ) over a matter which was no problem for him when it was his epp partners doing it . 
   we 've seen it happen in history , i see nothing that particularly stands in the way of it happening again , unless the problems are confronted head on . 
  word . 
  the most worrisome part is that we have seen very little of that confronting problems head on . 
  what we have seen is that even pointing out the problems is a taboo that should not be broken or else . 
   seems kind of silly and dangerous to have all bridges actually rigged with explosives . 
  this was only in some bridges on the border , not all the bridges . 
  and i 'd think those explosives in those few bridges were regularily checked . 
   surely it 's better to just design/modify them so they can be rigged quickly , and have a plan in motion to rig them and detonate in the event of an invasion .
