  only with investments to new production will there be demand . 
  to put it in simplest possilble terms for you : when you do n't need a new factory , you will not build a new factory even if you could do it cheaply . 
  no investments in export markets , no demand for investment driven exports . 
   compared to what ? 
  usd ? 
  the us is only 6.4 % of exports . 
  yes , compared to usd . 
  and no , not only us markets use usd rendering your percentage bit silly . 
   having a floating currency would allow prices to adjust painlessly . 
  it does little if no-one is buying your exports . 
  like i said the problem is the exports are * investment driven * . 
  that means even if the exports were cheaper by devaluation no-one is buying them when they are not investing into new production . 
  cheaper currency does not do anything to address that . 
  case in point : euro already got devalued by over 20 % . 
  did not give much boost to finnish exports . 
  what would boost the finnish exports is when production in our export markets starts to invest into new production . 
  then there will be demand for finnish investment driven exports . 
  and most importanty sweden has much more heterogenic economy , industry , and export structure than finland . 
   very interesting since it 's the euro that keeps finland from recovering . 
  not really . 
  it 's mainly two things : firstly the structure of finnish exports and changes in the export markets , and secondly the stagnated productivity with related loss of competitiveness in export markets . 
  the biggest problem is that the finnish exports are by far mostly investment driven with only about 10 % consumer exports . 
  that means when there 's little or no investment to new production in the export markets , then there 's little to no demand for finnish investment driven exports . 
  and currency has little to do with that : the problem would be the same even without the euro . 
   do any of these group support secular liberal western democracy ? 
  actually there are rebel groups that support secular democracy , for example most of the groups froming the fsa . 
   at least assad is a secular dictator and how has he supported secular liberal western democracy ? 
  he has n't and he does n't . 
  your own criteria is failing you . 
   at this point what the syrian population want is not relevant . 
  their problems are now hurting us . 
  we must restore order with iron fists . 
  good luck with that . 
  instead of using iron fists the first thing you should do is inform yourself about even the most basic stuff such as what are the rebel groups and what are they fighting for . 
  so far the claims you have presented here have been nonsense . 
   but he has like a little microphone on his shoulder . 
  he 's probably an official or something . 
  you can see how he walks in to replace that other guy who rotates away right before mr. bean guy appears . 
   he looks quite suspicious and hilarious at the same time . 
  but he 's acting very nonchalant and inconspicuous in a beanish way . 
  `` do n't worry , i 'm from the internet '', 
   the fsa is islamist , so is al nusra so is isis you seem to have a very wide definition for ` islamist ' . 
  the fsa actually opposes islamist terrorist groups such as al-nusra front ( aka syrian al-qaeda ) , jund al-aqsa , and isis . 
  and there are many other opposition groups besides kurds and fsa . 
   assad is an evil man but best of bad option except for the majority of people in syria . 
   there is no moderate syrian opposition unless al qaeda is moderate to tusk al queda is certainly not the only group in syria . 
  the guy close to them looks like a bodyguard . 
  or you mean that mr. bean guy who seems to become fascinated about the camera ? 
  i do n't know but to me it looks like he tries to position himself to prevent filming the conversation . 
  i know perfectly well what it means . 
  you seem to confuse ` ally ' with ` puppet ' which it is not . 
  furthermore , please list those allies that wesley clark claims to have supported isis : _______________ you ca n't because he does not name any . 
  he just vaguely refers to ` friends and allies ' without specifying them . 
  well , if you take him saying other countries have supported isis to mean that it is actually the us then i must say it is you who is a bit slow to understand simple language . 
  other countries is not the us , it 's other countries . 
  research by youtube is stupid , and so far the videos you have posted have been waste of time . 
  but if you present actual analyses by experts and i promise to read . 
  does n't contain a word about isis and what is has is old news anyway . 
  watching this was waste of time . 
   our friends and allies funded isis yes , this has been obvious for a long time . 
   so it in fact makes your comment irrelevant , not mine . 
  not sure why you are so confused . 
  i never said * your * comment was irrelevant . 
   thanks for agreeing . 
  no , i 'm still not part of group called `` you people '' . 
   how so ? 
  because that 's not what he said . 
  then arguments presented about something else are irrelevant to what he said . 
   you people , as in the overwhelming hivemind of this subreddit . 
  i 'm not part of a group called `` you people '' . 
  and yes , people over here are mostly against uncontrolled migration . 
   my point is that us knew exactly what they were doing . 
  no one spends trillions and get unexpected result . 
  your point is hogwash , and not based on reality . 
   they allowed isis so it could destabilize syria . 
  this one is bullshit , and not based on reality . 
   current situation was planned , together with hell in syria , and european destabilization . 
  and that one is a lunatic notion not based on reality . 
   history of the region from articles you posted only support the notion that ` the west ' knew exactly what 's going to happen . 
  and that one is a lie , as the sources do not make such nonsensical claim . 
   he is n't saying that he is . 
  then it 's irrelevant . 
   he is saying you can use it to justify almost anything . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  unless you have a specific definition for ` almost anything ' . 
   also how come the human rights carta is basically a joke to / r/europe ? 
  could you link some of those jokes posted in / r/europe so i could have a look ? 
   do you people simply disregard human rights when it suits you ? 
  who is `` you people '' ? 
  are you claiming i 'm part of some group called `` you people '' i 'm not aware of ? 
  there 's zero references to isis in your video clip . 
  looks like you 're very poorly informed about it in general . 
  please do take your time to read the essays about isis history in my comment above , they 're very informative . 
   you can use this to justify anything then . 
  he is n't . 
   jeremy corbyn said this afternoon that it would have been ` far better ' for the militant to have been tried in court rather than killed that 's a great idea , let 's send jeremy corbyn to syria to arrest those guys . 
   this is not unreasonable . 
  well , that 's pretty rich from a country that has a long history of supporting internationally classified terrorist organisations by providing safe havens and funding to them . 
  just for one example the assasination of lebanese prime minister rafic hariri : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rafic_hariri  hariri was assassinated on 14 february 2005 when explosives equivalent to around 1800 kg of tnt were detonated as his motorcade drove past the st. george hotel in the lebanese capital , beirut . 
  the investigation , by the special tribunal for lebanon , into his assassination is still ongoing and currently led by the independent investigator daniel bellemare .
