  why do you bother putting question marks to the end of your sentences when they are actually claims ? 
  four lions meets priscilla , queen of the desert, 
   yeah but he wrote 4 million ... no he wrote 40 with a precision of four decimals . 
  hockey season . 
   does finland have a large private education sector ? 
  yes , by far most schools are public but we also have some private schools . 
   as long as finland keeps their education system free of private schools , they can avoid gats one way street to privatization well , as we have n't kept it that way looks like your assertions about the effects of gats are not accurate . 
   that also explains why canada still has their public healthcare but the uk may soon not . 
  read putting health first for more on that . 
  its only when a market segment has been privatized in small part that the ftas tear public services apart and privatize a country . 
  that does n't seem an accurate prophecy either as finland has both public and private health care . 
  the existence of the private services has certainly not teared apart nor privatized the public health care . 
   so , avoid any private schools and finland 's public education system will remain safe . 
  thanks for your advice , but perhaps your experteese lies somewhere else . 
   self-masturbating now there 's a big word . 
  what does it even mean ? 
  from the source document page 16 :  the social justice index is composed of the following six dimensions : poverty prevention , equitable education , labor market access , social cohesion and non-discrimination , health as well as intergenerational justice . 
   as a cross-national survey , the social justice index comprises 27 quantitative and eight qualitative indicators , each associated with one of the six dimensions of social justice . 
  the data for the quantitative sgi indicators used in the social justice index are derived primarily from eurostat and the european union statistics on income and living conditions ( eu-silc ) . 
  the qualitative indicators refect the evaluations provided by more than 100 experts responding to the sgi 's survey of the state of afairs in various policy areas throughout the oecd and eu ( see www.sgi-network.org ) . 
  for these indicators , the rating scale ranges from 1 ( worst ) to 10 ( best ) . 
  in order to ensure compatibility between the quantitative and qualitative indicators , all raw values for the quantitative indicators undergo linear transformation to give them a range of 1 to 10 as well . 
   according to merkel and giebler ( 2009 ) , the frst three dimensions of poverty prevention , equitable education , and labor market access carry the most conceptual value , which is why they are each weighted more heavily in creating the index . 
  source : [ social justice in the eu -- a cross-national comparison ; social inclusion monitor europe ( sim ) -- index report ] ( http://www.sgi-network.org/docs/2014/basics/social_justice_in_the_eu_2014.pdf ), 
  fyi , his comment was just one mere word ( `` communist '' ) , and got a pour of downvotes before he edited it . 
  first , thank you for doing this ama . 
  in what ways have you seen the ep changing during those 29 years ? 
   well , thanks to these ftas , we can look forward to the demise of public education which will mean a global return to illiteracy and innumeracy . 
    i hope you 'll be proud of yourself for your contribution to the decline of civilization . 
  care to explain why , after being almost 20 years in effect , the gats agreement has not caused the ` demise ' of public education for example in finland ? 
  in fact it has been doing better than ever before and is among the best in the world . 
   no , but they already have contracts with other clients and do n't have the spare capacity to replace finlands oil imports from russia , because norwegian oil production is on a steep and irreversible decline . 
  i do n't know why you are so hung up on norwegian oil . 
  just a few years ago a large share of finland 's oil imports were from norway , and the reason finland switched to russian oil was not lacking capacity in norway but the russian pipelines ( plus the business opportunity to refine russian crude into brent crude and export it - yes , finland is crude oil exporter ) . 
  and while it could be possible that norway would decline to sell oil to finland i do n't think that particular * speculation * of yours is likely , and norway is not the only oilproducer anyway . 
   no we do n't . 
  ** yes , we do ** have other options readily available for russian natural gas . 
  like i said it can be replaced by other fuels . 
  the power plants affected are even designed with that in mind , and as i said there are plans ready if such situation was to arise . 
   there are no lng terminals in finland and there is no pipeline from estonia to finland . 
  those are planned and years away . 
  but so is the possibility of finland 's nato membership , which was the basis of your * speculation * of russia closing down oil and gas pipes to finland . 
  and that is the reason i do n't generally respond to speculations presented as arguments . 
  no matter how much is fact presented in a response the speculation merely extends its limits , until it 's beyond the boundaries it started with . 
   there 's a lot of unrest in finland perhaps ` discontent ' would be a better word . 
  because there has n't been a lot of unrest observed in finland - no big demonstrations , no riots etc. 
  he speaks finnish too . 
  also english . 
  fta :  shale gas is an ` unconventional ' fossil fuel that is found within natural fissures and fractures underground . 
  until recently , no method of safely transporting it to the surface existed . 
  well , probably if one considers 1947 as ` recent ' . 
  great , who was it , and what did she/he win ? 
   not only is russian oil more convenient , but they also have the capacity to supply finland . 
  north sea ( uk/no/dk ) oil production has already seen it 's best days , you mean norway would not sell any oil to finland because they have so little of it ? 
  while north sea oil supply is finite i do n't think such day will come any day soon . 
   while russian production has not yet begun to decline significantly . 
  in fact during the recent years the growth of russian production has slowed down and stagnated , and will start to decline without new investments into new production . 
  and at the same time russia 's domestic oil consumption is rising , leaving less oil for export , as illustrated by [ this graph . 
  ] ( http://www.eia.gov/countries/analysisbriefs/russia/images/liquid_fuels_supply_consumption.png ) and , just as in the case of norway , that does not mean they would not have enough oil for finland to buy it . 
  but it would be wise for finland not to put all its eggs into one basket , and become dependend in the process . 
  perhaps it would be wiser to learn after china . 
  their long term energy strategy is to hedge their bets , to use a heterogenic variety of sources , and not to become dependent on any single one . 
  for example check [ this chart . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1am18b6 )  as far as natural gas goes we do n't really have any other options readily available . 
  we do . 
  while we do not have any other immediate sources of natural gas available , we do have the option of replacing it with other energy sources ( such as propane-air mix , biogas , coal , peat , oil etc ) , and there 's plans readied for such situation to arise . 
  and on the mid to long term there 's the plans for a more heterogenic gas supply such as the lng terminal with estonia , and planned gas-pipe projects . 
   there are even studies that appear to show that russian drinkers live longer than russian non-drinkers . 
  parsons discusses these studies in some detail , and with good reason : it begins to suggest the true culprit . 
  she theorizes that drinking is , for what its worth , an instrument of adapting to the harsh reality and sense of worthlessness that would otherwise make one want to curl up and die . 
  while that 's likely a hyperbole , it incidentally reminds me of this recent study about the relationship between age and happiness around the world : [ the data are in : life under putin is a continuous downward spiral into despair ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/04/01/the-data-are-in-life-under-putin-is-a-continuous-downward-spiral-into-despair/ ), 
   add : just found gessen 's article in reply to adomanis which he replied too . 
  here 's a post with links to their full debate : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fy7p5/the_dying_russians_an_acerbic_but_instructive/ imo neither author comes out of it looking particularly good with the low level jabs in their exchange . 
  but the way mark adomanis cherry picks and obfuscates in his use of statistics does not give much credence to his arguments . 
  perhaps he should have first actually read the two books in question , and only then try and provide his critique of their data and use of it . 
  to add to the critisism in that comment : apparently mark adomanis also confuses * natural population change * with * death rate * , and in [ his last post ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/markadomanis/2014/09/09/russian-demography-and-useful-idiocy/ ) he uses carefully picked scale on the y-axis to make a tiny change look vastly bigger - the effect also exaggerated by a strange looking trend line in his crafted graph . 
   why has n't that happened ? 
  because it is convenient to buy oil and gas from russia as the pipelines from the fields have come close to the finnish border ( e.g. 
  koivisto ) under recent decades . 
  hence especially during the 2000s finland has been importing less and less oil from elsewhere and more crude from russia . 
  yet that does not mean russia would be the only possible source for oil . 
   untill finland is able to replace russian energy imports finland already is as it 's able to get coal and oil from elsewhere in the world and russian natural gas , which is only about 10 % of primary energy consumption , can be replaced by other fuels . 
  days . 
  to give the ceasefire plan time to work . 
   there are even studies that appear to show that russian drinkers live longer than russian non-drinkers . 
  parsons discusses these studies in some detail , and with good reason : it begins to suggest the true culprit . 
  she theorizes that drinking is , for what its worth , an instrument of adapting to the harsh reality and sense of worthlessness that would otherwise make one want to curl up and die . 
  incidentally reminds me of this recent study about the relationship between age and happiness around the world : [ the data are in : life under putin is a continuous downward spiral into despair ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/04/01/the-data-are-in-life-under-putin-is-a-continuous-downward-spiral-into-despair/ ), 
  ah , so it * is * so that when you see a swastika you simply assume this particular individual must be a nazi ? 
  i mean in your clairvoyance you even assume knowing what they ` fully well know ' . 
  when i was a kid and me and my classmates were drawing swatikas on school desks with knives we certainly did not fully know what nazism actually was as an ideology or as a political party , and we certainly were not nazis . 
  carving swastikas just seemed a cool thing to do at the time . 
  and if you want to make claims regarding the ideology or political ideas of group of individuals which is not a political party you bloody well should go and ask them individuals about their ideology . 
  variation expected . 
  conduct actual research in a form of survey , and then start making claims regarding their actual ideology and what percentage of them may subscribe to actual nazism , and what they may ` fully well know ' . 
  yes ? 
  beautiful . 
  and i also love the fact that the large sunspot group ar2109 is visible on the solar disc . 
  here 's a close up of that same sunspot shot on that very same day by maximilian teodorescu in romania : [ sunspot groups ar2109 and ar2108 ] ( http://spaceweathergallery.com/indiv_upload.php?upload_id=99481 ), 
   clearly the guy with ss symbol just works with electricity !,
