  anything . 
  now for some that may sound like an evil capitalist wet dream , but in reality ukraine is the antithesis of a free-market economy . 
  lack of rule of law , byzantine legacy legal code from the soviet era , cryptic and random taxation , big and powerful bureaucracy , lack of private property rights and corruption makes the market dysfunctional . 
  there remains huge economic structural problems to solve such as : - establishing secure property rights . 
  there 's a gaping hole where one would expect to see mid-sized businesses because they get stolen and incorporated into corporations of the oligarchy , officials , politicians and organized crime . 
  make your small enterprise grow and it will get taken from you . 
  - legal system and rule of law . 
  the judicial system is corrupt and the byzantine , soviet legacy legal code is it 's main weapon . 
  * `` just give me the guy and i 'll find the article !, 
  '' * so when your enterprise gets stolen from you the corrupt judicial system will simply rubber stamp the ownership to the guy who took it . 
  complain and you will be found guilty of * something * . 
  complain too much and you will be found dead . 
  - corruption . 
  from low level cops or medical doctors , university professors , small time bureaucrats , regional or government officials and judges to highest level politicians everything works by bribes and anything can , will and is expected to be fixed with money . 
  - complex and random taxation . 
  the complexity of the tax code guarantees that every enterprise has broken it either knowingly or unknowingly . 
  and it 's not only complex , it 's also in constant change and an enterpreneuer often does n't know what it will be next month . 
  bribing the relevant officials is the solution expected by them . 
  - bureaucracy . 
  complex and powerful . 
  the bureaucrats and officials expect bribes to solve their red-tape problems . 
  they also may take your business . 
  - shadow economy . 
  for reasons above most business happens under the radar leading to huge shadow economy estimated as 50-60 % of gdp . 
  - theft . 
  politicians and officials have been stealing taxpayer 's money by billions from the government budget . 
  the same guys making the decisions pocketed the benefits with the oligarchy and the system has been kept opaque to hide the wrongdoings . 
  main sources for theft are goverment tenders and generous subsidies . 
  etc. . . for above reasons the biggest supporters of euromaidan were the small business owners in kyiv . 
  they collectively provided most of the funding , resources and services to the protesters . 
  another thing is worker 's rights . 
  i have n't much looked into it but i 've read that they 're pretty much non-existent , and that labour unions are dysfunctional mainly profiting the soviet era apparatchiks running them rather than actually promoting worker 's rights and better working terms and conditions . 
   ( i ) what is the current financial situation of ukraine ? 
  poor . 
   ( ii ) will the us , or eu , provide financial aid ? 
  yes . 
  the eu funding and economic help package in short : http://ec.europa.eu/commission_2010-2014/president/news/archives/2014/03/pdf/20140306-ukraine-package_en.pdf * $ 3 billion from the eu budget in the coming years , $ 1.6 billion in macro financial assistance loans ( mfa ) and an assistance package of grants of $ 1.4 billion ; * up to $ 8 billion from the european investment bank and the european bank for reconstruction and development ; * potential $ 3.5 billion leveraged through the neighbourhood investment facility ; * setting up of a donor coordination platform ; * provisional application of the deep and comprehensive free trade area when association agreement is signed and , if need be , by autonomous frontloading of trade measures ; * organisation of a high level investment forum/task force ; * modernisation of the ukraine gas transit system and work on reverse flows , notably via slovakia ; * acceleration of visa liberalisation action plan within the established framework ; offer of a mobility partnership ; * technical assistance on a number of areas from constitutional to judicial reform and preparation of elections . 
  and that does n't include private sector investments . 
  by far most of private investment into ukraine comes from the eu as has been for years . 
   ( iii ) will imf involve itself into the talks ? 
  yes , imf has offered further funding in addition to what it has already provided earlier . 
   ( a ) if yes , terms and conditions ? 
  cheap loans with 2-3 % interest rate . 
  ukraine has to agree to needed reforms and proceed with them gradually for funding to continue . 
  imf loan for funding has been on the offering for a long time . 
  imf recommendations for ukraine are reforming the gas subsidies by gradually lowering them with accompanied measures to protect the most vulnerable households , revamping the judicial system , simplifying or repealing burdensome government regulations , stepping up anti-corruption measures , and enforcing clear and consistent rules in tax administration . 
  implementing such reforms would be good for ukraine , good for civil society , good for democracy , good for the people , good for the economy , business enviroment and investment etc - but they all were poison to yanykovich , ` family ' and oligarchs running the country and its economy . 
  to avoid making reforms yanukovich dropped the imf loan and chose the more expensive ( 5 % ) loan deal with russia with the awful condition of russia calling off the loans and demanding [ repayment whenever they want ] ( http://en.interfax.com.ua/news/general/183432.html ) . 
   ( iv ) as a non-european , i have limited understanding of the deal reached between the imf and greece . 
  from what i know , greece is undergoing a tremendous economic overhaul , for good or for bad , i do n't know . 
  however , i am concerned , because the people of greece seems to be suffering , and the rise of parties such as golden dawn worries me . 
  economic turmoil and rise in nationalism , historically have led to events that unnerves me . 
  ukraine is not greece , its economic situation is not like greece , and economically it 's a comparison of apples to oranges . 
  just for starters ukraine is not a member of the eurozone . 
  but making reforms will be painful in the short term , and may cause political turmoil in ukraine . 
  that depends on many factors such as how quickly the political system can move on with the reforms , and how well they are willing and able to protect the most vulnerable . 
  the usual rule of thumb is that the slower they move the longer the pain lasts and the more there will be political turmoil . 
  another very important factor is that the reforms will change and erode the current power structure and the oligarchy will fight back just as they have always done . 
  down the road there will be many battles related to those same-o tug-of-wars i pointed out earlier : centralized power vs. distributed power , and the oligarchs vs. free market reformists . 
   ( a ) question : in your individual view , should imf ` help ' ukraine , and if yes , how ? 
  yes . 
  by providing cheap funding on the condition of making reforms . 
   during this process , energy is lost , i 'm not sure what the recent numbers are , but ten years ago , the ratio loss to usable energy was around 32 % vs 68 % . 
  meaning that 68 % of all power generated my burning coal ( or splitting atoms , it 's roughly the same with all heat based electricy generating ) went into the air unused . 
  these big towers where the clouds come out ? 
  that 's condensing water that 's cooling off with our neat energy . 
  and that 's a huge waste of energy right there . 
  that energy wasted to heat air in the cooling towers could as well be used to heat water and distributed as hot water and heat to buildings and housing . 
  and burning gas to make up for the originally wasted energy makes it even worse : first energy is wasted in the powerplant to heat the sky and then even more energy is wasted by burning gas in the housing . 
  you do n't use district heating in germany ? 
  regarding gas there 's this interesting recent peer-reviewed paper published on plos : [ resilience of natural gas networks during conflicts , crises and disruptions ] ( http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3adoi%2f10.1371%2fjournal.pone.0090265 )  abstract  human conflict , geopolitical crises , terrorist attacks , and natural disasters can turn large parts of energy distribution networks offline . 
  europe 's current gas supply network is largely dependent on deliveries from russia and north africa , creating vulnerabilities to social and political instabilities . 
  during crises , less delivery may mean greater congestion , as the pipeline network is used in ways it has not been designed for . 
  given the importance of the security of natural gas supply , we develop a model to handle network congestion on various geographical scales . 
  we offer a resilient response strategy to energy shortages and quantify its effectiveness for a variety of relevant scenarios . 
  in essence , europe 's gas supply can be made robust even to major supply disruptions , if a fair distribution strategy is applied . 
  no , i do not know the specifics regarding the new npp proposal with rosatom . 
  but as you referred to `` these power plants '' there 's only two of them in existence and i do know how little they need soviet/russian experteese . 
  so , unless you have something specific to point to i 'd say you 're simply projecting your assumptions . 
  and as i said the npps have actually made finland less reliant on russian energy . 
   just out of curiosity , who actually manages these power plants , the existing two ` eastinghouse ' npps are managed by fortum energy company . 
  the planned npp with rosatom would be managed by fennovoima energy company . 
   and how do they acquire new/spare parts ? 
  which specific spare parts do you have in mind ? 
   what happens if you need certain components , and the russians are hesitant to supply them ? 
  you get them from elsewhere or make them yourself . 
  physics and engineering , not like there 's magic powers needed . 
  that 's how the two plants were improved in the first place . 
   are the people who oversee technical operations russians or finns ? 
  my god , you serious ? 
  no , they have hired kang and kodos to run them , and morbo to handle the pr . 
   basically , how reliant on russia for the maintenance and daily operations are finns when it comes to these power plants ? 
  why do you assume there would be a need to have russians running them in the first place ? 
  no , i have n't heard swedish government 's position on that pipeline proposal . 
  there are also other proposals such as the nordic gas grid and the north transgas project . 
  and i assume the swedish enviromentalists would oppose gas just as they oppose nuclear power in finland - they do that here in finland too . 
   i know the uk , hungary , and finland have been increasing ( or planning on increasing ) their reliance on rosatom to meet energy needs . 
  it is not finland planning as government or a nation . 
  that future nuclear reactor from rosatom is a plan by a * private * energy consortium [ fennovoima ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fennovoima ) . 
  the next step for them is to have licence for their planned npp , which needs parliamentary decision .
