  i mean , it 's like the easiest idea to come up with . 
  whether it 's a private monopoly broken up or a public monopoly broken up and privatized : * * producing * power and * distributing * power to consumers are different things . 
  * a monopoly in one thing extending to other things is harmful to consumers . 
  * a successful breaking up of a monopoly extending to other things may still leave * a * natural monopoly in one thing , but with no chance of exploiting the other things . 
  applies both to private and public monopolies . 
  actually , in 2015 , 44 % of germany 's electricity production was from coal , 15 % nuclear , and 11 % from other fossil fuels such as gas : http://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=26372 the high prices are because german consumers pay huge taxes and tariffs on their electricity thanks to the energy policy . 
   wholesale electricity prices in germany have been declining , but residential retail prices have risen and are expected to continue to increase because of higher taxes and fees charged to consumers . 
  for instance , one surcharge for renewable electricity increased from 8.8 % of the residential electricity price in 2010 to 17 % in 2013 . 
  taxes and surcharges make up about half of the average residential electricity rate , and tariffs account for the remainder . 
  in 2014 , the average sales-weighted retail price for residential consumption in germany was about 35 cents/kwh , while the average residential retail price in the united states was about 13 cents/kwh . 
  along with denmark , germany has among the highest residential electricity prices in europe . 
  that is unfortunate . 
  you do n't have web services comparing the prices ? 
  over here we have a number of price comparison services including this one mandated by law : http://www.sahkonhinta.fi/, 
  power * distribution * is indeed a likely natural monopoly albeit not necessarily in densely populated areas . 
  in sparsely populated areas there 's little incentive to build overlapping power distribution cables in order to compete . 
  yet power distribution is a separate service from power * generation * : one produces the commodity , other one distributes it . 
  basically : power companies produce power , distribution companies deliver it to consumers . 
  just as there 's numerous companies producing digital data ( e.g. 
  numerous web enterprises ) and different companies delivering the data ( e.g. 
  telcoms ) . 
  monopolies which control both the production and the distribution are bad for consumers . 
  it only makes sense to break such monopolies . 
  then consumers have much more choise . 
  they can choose their power company and their power source ( nuclear/renewables/coal / mixed/imported whatever ) at a competitive price by * tendering * the offers by different power companies . 
  yet , as you point out , what consumers most often can not choose is the power delivery company which owns and maintains the cables , and often has a natural monopoly in their area with the possible exception of densely populated areas . 
  that is indeed a problem . 
  solution is * regulating * the power delivery market in order to prevent the power delivery companies from predatory pricing practices . 
  why would you want * monopolies * to handle such vital commodity as electric power ? 
  do n't you like consumers to be able to choose their power company , their power source , and to tender their electricity prices ? 
  why not ? 
  finland should have this . 
  unique building : sauna , era classical +1 production from each worked forest tile +2 happiness ( +1 health in civ4 ), 
   lets encase it in cement and dump it right here . 
  not there . 
  that 's the mid-atlantic ridge . 
  depositing it into ocean floor away from the ridge would be far better . 
  the atlantic deep ocean floor is beneath some 4000-5000 m of water , is mostly flat and covered with sediments with thickness from about 60 m to over 3000 m. those sediments , deposited over the millenia , work as a sealing [ barrier ] ( http://www.osti.gov/scitech/biblio/5366650-ocean-floor-sediment-repository-barrier-comparative-diffusion-data-selected-radionuclides-sediments-from-atlantic-pacific-oceans ) and whatever you deposit into them wo n't seep out - provided the old sediments themselves do n't suddenly start eroding away . 
  the method is feasible and known as ocean floor disposal : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ocean_floor_disposal another idea is to take it one step further and deposit the nuclear waste into ocean floor sediments in a subduction zone where one tectonic plate is diving beneath another . 
  then the waste would slowly sink into the earth 's mantle with the plate . 
   only a few international treaties to rewrite . 
  yup , int treaties forbid those methods . 
  in theory it could be possible to revise the relevant treaties if really needed . 
  the next chance would be in 2018 . 
   do n't blame the polls . 
  by all means do blame the polls : [ leave was always in the lead : why the polls got the referendum result wrong ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/politicsandpolicy/eu-referendum-polls/ ) * by analysing 121 opinion polls , harold d. clarke , matthew goodwin , and paul whiteley outline what happened with the eu referendum survey results . 
  they explain why internet surveys performed substantially better than telephone ones -- contrary to the post-2015 general election ` wisdom ' that telephone surveys should be preferred . 
  underlying trends showed that once methodological artefacts are controlled , leave was almost certainly ahead of remain over the entire last month of the campaign -- and possibly throughout 2016 . 
  yet i rarely see that happening on social media but much more of the random misplaced smear kind . 
  if i broadly called people i do n't know say `` commie '' probably after a thousand or so times i would be correct . 
  yet i do n't think my stupid behavior was warranted . 
  and i 'm not inclined to do that . 
  for some reason people seem to feel it 's satisfying calling people racist online no matter how widely brushing or how randomly . 
  they would n't do that if it was n't satisfying to them . 
  which is interesting . 
  in an idiocracy sort of way . 
  a world made of strawmen must be amazing to live in . 
  also , inb4 the post gets delisted , daily mail has one victim 's long interview with a headline : `` he grabbed me , then touched my genitals . 
  girls were crying everywhere ' : 17-year-old tells of horror after mob of ` foreign youths ' sexually assault 35 females as young as 12 at swedish music festival '' reading the interview requires making a relevant web search as the source can not be linked to in this sub . 
   3 of the 40 have been reported to be asylum seekers , the others are just swedes . 
  how did you conclude there 's 40 suspects ? 
  and how did you come to `` the others are just swedes '' ? 
  the linked news only says that more than 40 cases of rape and sexual assault were reported . 
   then there 's lots of flat land for solar and wind power . 
  neither of which are able to provide reliable base load power . 
   also geothermal power etc. 
  which is also geographically limited and not able to provide the reliable base power needed in europe . 
   nuclear only `` works '' if you ignore the issue of waste storage and if you assume that they are built to highest and current standards . 
  there 's no need to ignore the nuclear waste . 
   after all , we also had a nuclear catastrophe on this continent 3 decades ago which can still be measured all over europe . 
  the chernobyl plant in was not built up to western safety standards and was being driven outside even its own safety envelope . 
  even then chernobyl has killed far far less people than coal which kills thousands or tens of thousands every year , and coal plants spew far more radioactive particles into enviroment than an average npp . 
  not to mention the even bigger problem of fossil fuels and climate . 
  only in regions where both geography and climate combine to provide large quantities of falling water and where the often disastrous effects to local enviroment are accepted . 
  and the best sites for hydro have been already harnessed in the eu . 
  there still is technically feasible potential left but that comes with big enviromental costs of instadestroying affected biomes . 
  i 've always wondered how does it actually * feel * like making statements of accusing random people of racism . 
  most often such comments look utterly stupid . 
  but apparently the people making those statements either do n't care how stupid it is or even feel good about it . 
  which is quite interesting in a idiocracy sort of way . 
  in practice anti nuclear boils down to pro coal , oil or natural gas . 
  because humanity has only few energy sources good enough to provide for the base load . 
  slash nuclear out and then it 's fossil fuels that remain . 
  a link to the report : https://drive.google.com/a/nyu.edu/file/d/0b61z9fhprfjguktzu3bfrwkzbk0/view?pref=2&amp;pli=1 the biggest culprits are [ poland and germany . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j1bktkm.jpg ) and big victim is [ france with little coal in their own power mix . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qhghn3z.jpg )  coal plants in germany and poland alone cause over 7,000 premature deaths abroad - 4,700 from poland and 2,500 from germany . 
   the biggest health impacts from coal abroad are seen in france with 1,200 premature deaths caused by coal pollution from germany , the uk , poland , spain and the czech republic alone . 
  the dead will thank greenpeace for spewing their bullshit not only contributing to the thousands of deaths annually but also contributing to one of the biggest threats human civilisation has faced . 
  well , if that 's your silly take on what i wrote so be it . 
  daily mail has a lengthy victim 's interview with a headline : `` he grabbed me , then touched my genitals . 
  girls were crying everywhere ' : 17-year-old tells of horror after mob of ` foreign youths ' sexually assault 35 females as young as 12 at swedish music festival '' reading the interview requires making a relevant web search as the source can not be linked to in this sub . 
  same thing as always . 
  try to take over the world . 
  yeah , people are awful . 
  do n't listen to them . 
   there are supposed to be safeguards against unneccessary centralisation , but otherwise powers should be centralised precisely when there is both a majority in parliament and a majority of member states wanting it ( for some previously defined meaning of majority ) . 
  i 'm currently running that as a simulation in my head and all i can see is a step by step process of centralisation of powers from member states to brussels . 
  there is an infinite amount of situations leading to that even if each one of those steps is just a temporary figment in history . 
  just like there was a brexit-vote there will always be situations when both the ep and majority of member states may want to proceed with such even if it 's just some short time crisis they want to solve at the time . 
  those safeguards better be very safe then .
