   in the log term this more challenging environment will probably make the industry stronger . 
  as prices eventually rebound a whole new set of knowledge discovered during the slump will be incorporated into industrial practices . 
  indeed . 
  it is like looking at an ecosystem where suddenly nutrition gets low and the competition gets tough , and the most competitive organisms will not only survive but get even stronger . 
  in that sense the wildcatters are like germs : numerous , resilient and quick to adapt . 
  and those unable to adapt will go - but more importantly their assets and drilling portfolios wo n't disappear as those will be aquired by the more efficient operators . 
  and as the technologies are cutting-edge there 's plenty of space to continue evolving and adapting . 
  watching this unfold right in front of our eyes has been interesting the past few years . 
  it 's baffling that some still do n't even recognize what 's up . 
  it 's as if too many people are stuck with the notion of giant national oil operators and fail to even recognize the power of disruptive tech and wildcatters . 
  well , maybe it 's the job of the future history books anyway : those guys were not only game-changing , they were history changing . 
  edit : and it 's awesome to see to how some people still choose to downvote the reality . 
  the fucking * observable * reality in favour of some mistaken notion of breakeven price being $ 55-65 . 
  heh , but then again few months ago i got downvoted in / r/europe for pointing out that the oil prices will probably hit $ 30 . 
  it 's as if most people do n't know at all what 's up . 
  not since the early 1990 's . 
  since then finland has been militarily non-aligned . 
  neutrality means that you 're neutral * about something * , such as you 're neutral about a conflict . 
  for example , some countries were neutral about the wwi . 
  finland was neutral , or at least trying to appear neutral , about the cold war . 
  when the cold war ended there was nothing to be neutral about . 
  hence finland dropped that notion , and rightly so . 
  these days finland is a member of the eu which is hardly a neutral position as the eu does take sides regarding conflicts , and finland with it . 
  currently finland is not neutral but militarily non-aligned . 
  during the cold war those two concepts were colloquially used as interchangeable - but they are actually different things . 
   assuming this is true it does n't mean they 're turning a profit , they could have already prepaid for x units of oil in a particular well and have n't drilled that amount yet . 
  it is true . 
  yet that does not mean drilling has suddenly turned into a hobby as you seem to believe . 
  what you suggest makes little sense in the context of how the us tight oil producers operate . 
   as expected you 're backtracking on the $ 20 as it 's bullshit as expected though , you seem to have serious problems with your reading . 
  and if you do n't know english language well enough do not project your problems on me . 
   credible sources show $ 65 is the breakeven for fracking and oil prices falling below that means it 's no longer profitable . 
  unless you can prove otherwise you 're bullshitting to peddle an ideal that is n't true . 
  the observable reality has already demonstrated how unreliable such crude estimates are . 
   what , do you expect for drilling to stop as soon as the oil being tapped is unprofitable ? 
  they could be building reserves on anticipation of a jump in prices . 
  so you think drilling is just a hobby , i see . 
   you seem to be purposely ignoring the fact that many operations have indeed ceased in america and employees laid off . 
  now , you sir are a goddam liar claiming that in a thread in which i earlier said that some them operators will go bankrupt , and there will be less wells drilled this year . 
   your entire argument is based on the completely unrealistic prospect that frackers can turn a profit at  $ 20 a barrel and no it is n't . 
  i never claimed it was $ 20 dollars , i said `` say $ 20 '' which means it 's just a random example . 
  my argument is based on a simple fact that you still have failed to even acknowledge : how do ** you ** explain the fact that there 's currently 515 rigs drilling in the us even with the current low oil prices ? 
  the reality is that even with the low prices there 's still profits to be made . 
  not for every operator , and not on every oil play . 
  and that is a simple fact confirmed by observed reality . 
  i fully agree with your assessment . 
  just wanted to add to this :  they are not telling you anyone how much it costs or what their exact production techniques are . 
  what is clear is that they have hugely reduced their operating costs . 
  indeed . 
  there is no accurate cumulative data on their costs . 
  and all estimates of average are only very crude estimates . 
  additionally costs were significantly inflated during the boom times when cutting costs did n't matter that much as profiting was easy with the then high oil prices . 
  there is significant elasticity in the operating costs - both in fixed costs and variable costs ( break-even price vs shut-in price ) . 
  also , the cutting-edge technologies they use require high level of experteese to do it well , such as : 3d/4d seismology , data processing , precise horisontal drilling , liquid nitrogen cooled drilling etc , etc. 
  but to the secrecy regarding production techniques i would like to add there indeed is co-operation between the operators sharing know-how and experience . 
  there 's over 300 producers in the marcellus shale coalition alone pooling their experteese and meeting regularly to exchange experiences . 
  when discussing the unconventional oil and gas production in the us one can not disregard who the wildcatters are and how they operate . 
  they will not simply give up , pack up , and go away . 
  they are the embodiment of free enterprise putting their whole fortunes at risk while chasing the american dream and not the short-term shareholder value . 
  they are resilient , even as times get tough it 's about their fortunes . 
  they are numerous , there 's hundreds of them . 
  they are smart , and share their gained experteese by pooling it . 
  and they are adaptive , been quick to cut their operating costs from the boom-time . 
  these people will not go down easily . 
  and the technologies they use , and the cutting-edge experteese they have gained will stay . 
  not gon na spend an hour digging up that article for you . 
  you have to go to the horses mouth : the wildcatters themselves . 
  more importantly , why do you think there 's currently 515 rigs drilling in the us even with the lowest oil prices since a decade ? 
  is it because their breakeven price is $ 55-65 and they just do it as a hobby despite making loss ? 
  or could it be because even with the low oil prices they can still churn a profit ? 
  i 'd say it 's the latter . 
  the estimated average $ 55-65 breakeven prices are just that : estimates of average . 
  in * reality * the costs vary significantly between operators and oil plays , and for them drilling new wells is still profitable even with the current low oil prices . 
  try telling that to the 515 rigs drilling in the us even with the current oil prices . 
  obviously the reality is very different than the estimated * average * breakeven prices . 
  in reality the costs vary significantly between the operators and plays . 
  and i honestly do n't know why it 's so difficult for some to recognize that simple fact . 
  not if you 're an operator on a play with say $ 20 breakeven price . 
  please try to keep in mind , or even recognize the fact that there 's considerable variation in costs between operators and oil plays . 
  hence there is also variation in breakeven prices . 
  the $ 55 or $ 65 figures are only very crude estimates of average - additionally they 're estimates from the boom-time when the costs were inflated . 
  there 's still hundreds of rigs drilling even with the current oil prices . 
  they would n't be doing that if their breakeven price was $ 55-65 . 
   why would anyone want to `` stand up '' aka invest in fracking now ? 
  because you can still make profit - albeit not everyone , and not on every oil play . 
  remember , there 's hundreds of operators . 
   the breakeven point for fracking is $ 65 a barrel the breakeven price varies considerably between operators and oil plays . 
  your price is just an inaccurate estimate of an average . 
  and just today i read another one which was $ 55 . 
  but neither of those consider the significant variation between plays and operators . 
  there certainly will be less new wells drilled this year than previously . 
  does not mean there wo n't be any . 
  additionally , there are numerous wells already drilled but capped and ready to go online swiftly if the oil prices rise . 
  the beauty of the us tight oil industry is the fact that it is not a single monolithic giant operator . 
  no , it 's hundreds of wildcatters doing what they 're best at : free enterprise . 
  they are numerous , resilient and adaptive . 
  knock one down and another one will stand up . 
  and while some of them will go bankrupt that will be just an opportunity for better and more efficient operators to grow their asset portfolios . 
   opec has to reduce their output soon , they can not keep this up forever . 
  forever is a long time , but opec can keep this going for years .
