  however unfortunate it sounds , her prognosis is based on realism of what she has observed . 
  kids often tend to be like that . 
  sure we can have . 
  unfortunately you have not been informing but spamming . 
  and talking about circlejerk perhaps you should look at * your own conduct * first . 
  and one more time : please read the op before you try to discuss it . 
  you still have n't . 
  and you 're not even trying to discuss it as is the rediquette . 
  you 've just come here to spam . 
   because its being spammed with downvotes . 
  you think its easy to get information trough the circlejerk ? 
  especially one this hateful and fanatical ? 
  okay , for the i-don ` t-know-how-many-times-already : your link is to the dn . 
  in it dn has claimed that dn has done nothing questionable . 
  great reporting by the dn once again and dn is absolved from everything as per the dn . 
  yet , to * any rational person * dn claiming dn is absolved is hardly evidence of anything . 
  so how about , instead of continuoulsy spamming that same fucking link all over this thread , you read the post linked in op and then proceed to discuss that . 
  in short : would you please stop spamming the same crap all over again everywhere while claiming everyone else but * you * is at fault . 
   here is the link that keeps being spammed with downvotes :   http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/fragor-och-svar-om-dns-hantering-av-handelserna-i-kungstradgarden/ you have been spamming this link all over this thread already . 
  and each time someone points out that it 's a link to dn claiming that dn has done nothing wrong you just simply post it somewhere else . 
  spamming is against the rules here . 
   i will keep posting it as long as reddit tries to censor it . 
  no-one has been `` censoring '' it . 
  your link gets downvoted because to a rational person it 's irrelevant to the op as has been explained to you numerous times already , and because you 're still spamming it all over the place as if in some sort of hysterical rampage . 
   you people are unbelievable . 
   you people so you 're saying you 're not only a dn propagandist but also a racist ? 
  is your point anything else than repeatedly posting the same link to dn claiming dn is the best ? 
  do you understand that dn claiming they have done nothing wrong is nothing more than the dn claiming so ? 
  dn claiming that dn has done nothing wrong is nothing but dn claming so . 
  yet the article in the op tells a lot more . 
  if the dn claims that they 're lying . 
  hardly `` an unverified rumour '' . 
  read the op . 
  wow . 
  you seem to be on a real rampage in here . 
  you 're linking that same link to dn claiming dn did nothing wrong all over this place . 
  dn claiming dn is absolved is hardly evidence of anything . 
  you sure you 're not working in dn ? 
  and how about you actually read the op . 
  it looks like dn is anything but innocent . 
   for a week and that 's the problem right there . 
  should have been reported several months or even years ago , but was only reported week ago . 
  thanks , but i already know how to spell it . 
  your link is to the dn . 
  in it dn has claimed that dn has done nothing questionable . 
  great reporting by the dn once again and dn is absolved from everything as per the dn . 
  if dn says dn is absolved then dn is absolved . 
  how about reading the post linked in op . 
  and after reading that i fail to see what is the issue here . 
  dn has a slow news day ? 
  nothing relevant to cover at all ? 
  no , it 's spelled a-p-p-a-r-e-n-t-l-y . 
  your correction is false . 
   none here do , since they think swedish media ( or rather on single papaer , dn ) should have reported on what was an unverified rumor . 
  apparently you did n't read the article . 
  `` must insist '' ? 
  `` insist '' ? 
  and how much of a solution has that been ? 
  as we have already seen `` insisting '' takes you only so far . 
  yeah , i can make up figures too . 
  and this what we say to those claiming otherwise : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4fuffcchbq, 
  the festival we are sthlm promotes itself as europe 's biggest festival for everyone between the ages 13 -- 19 making it the largest collection of underage potential victims for sexual harrassment or assault . 
  it simply baffles me that there was no reporting on the joint sexual harrassment by gangs taking place in there . 
  if i was a parent i would consider that an important thing to know before letting my child go to that event . 
  the failures in reporting are not only baffling , it 's appalling . 
   how does the rest of europe feel about this issue ? 
  not an issue . 
  what he says is entirely correct . 
  and someone confusing that with pedophilia may have issues of their own . 
  yup , it 's amazing how the media seems to have failed to report the other side of the story - the victim 's side . 
  getting both sides of the story is journalistic ethics 101 . 
  i do n't know what the good journalistic practice and ethics are in sweden , maybe they have invented their own , but they sure seem to fail hard at some common basic principles . 
  and in other news [ russia 's reserve fund shrank by $ 9.4 billion in december ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/russia-budget-reserve-fund-idusl8n14x3jy20160113 )  russia 's budget reserve fund shrank by $ 9.4 billion in december , finance ministry data showed on wednesday , as the government tapped the fund to cover its budget deficit . 
   the size of the fund was $ 49.95 billion on jan. 1 , down from $ 59.35 billion on dec. 1 . 
  the reserve fund is counted as a part of the russian fx reserves which fell to [ $ 365 bn in november ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/foreign-exchange-reserves ) ( i do n't have the dec figures yet ) . 
  most of that fx reserve is illiquid or in already earmarked funds , and contrary to what some believe it is not a huge pile of cash free to be used in any manner . 
  edit : also ,  `` we 're preparing a stress test scenario in order to be ready for any unexpected situation ... we 're even preparing calculations based on the level of up to $ 25 per barrel , '' * preparing * a stress * test * ? 
  seriously ? 
  a test ? 
  meanwhile quatar has planned their 2016 budget assuming $ 30 average oil price , and saudi arabia assuming $ 29 . smth . 
  looks like the kremlin chessmaster has no idea what 's up . 
  dn is one of the papers participating in the recent cover-up . 
  any independent confirmation by other news sources ? 
   the psychologist says the assaults seemed organized . 
  they came in groups , still , prepared , with caps . 
  seemed resolute and went straight to the crowd . 
  it started when it was dark . 
  the atmosphere was completely different then it was light , he says . 
   - one of my relatives spoke with some of the girls , about 10 . 
  all said they had been groped on . 
  not a few of them , but all . 
  one said something i still remember : * `` but i guess i have to get used to it . 
  '' * now that is just sad . 
  to her the only way of dealing with groups of men jointly groping her is to try and get used to it . 
  i do n't even know what to say . 
  yes , thank you . 
  the reason i asked for the submitter to provide a link to a translation is the rules of posting . 
  in a non-english post a translation is needed . 
  ~ ~ you can get a new paragraph by pressing enter twice at the end of a paragraph . ~ ~ thank you !, 
  yes , there has been a lot of confusing migrants with refugees happening lately .
