  it 's mostly in finnish but hear his comments timestamped [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ex31w41fx8&amp;t=1m24s ) , [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ex31w41fx8&amp;t=3m24s ) and [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ex31w41fx8&amp;t=4m56s )  in one weekend i was able to see five guys throwing 93-97 mph in a country of five million people . 
   ...  i ca n't believe people did n't know about this ... 
  i feel like the guy in the king kong movie finding an 80 foot gorilla !, 
  i ca n't believe that at this day and age it has remained such a secret - just the sheer athleticism of the finnish baseball player . 
  yes of course the pitcher is from the opposing team . 
  here in another award winning [ picture . 
   what would you say ? 
  why not simply quote the source * correctly * ? 
  the source never said ` surviving ' , so why make it look like he did ? 
  what he actually said was : `` the detained migrants are all males aged between 20 and 30 , and in a good physical shape . '', 
  yet the bbc twists it as : `` the surviving migrants - aged between 20 and 30 - have been detained , he said . '', 
  you 're confusing income and wealth . 
   its a global change of power , global ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
   i am sorry that part was not suppose to be link with the subsidies , i meant the country is improving quite fast its rule of law and structural reforms the jumps over the year and the wb reports show the country is beating expectations with putin reforms . 
  which was exactly what i was calling for . 
  yet for some reason you think it 's the other guy who 's right . 
   might be right no , subsidies are not reforms . 
   ease of doing business index and where does it state that it 's subsidies that have improved the index ? 
  nowhere . 
  i think your links rather give further support to my point regading reforms . 
   there is a political and academic consensus widely disseminated by the media of the multiple benefits of mass immigration and how little burden do they pose on social services . 
  yet in reality for example finland and apparently also norway have to allocate additional funds by hundreds of millions to billions to cover the costs of the current wave of mass migration . 
  the problem with your claim of ` academic consensus ' is obvious : it does not hold water in the current circumstances but defies reality . 
  i do n't have the relevant numbers for norway , but let 's see finland just for an example . 
  the current mass immigration to finland is over 80 % iraqis , somalis and afghans . 
  yet only very few of the somalis , iraqis and afghans that have migrated to finland in the past are actually working in a job ( 13 % , 22 % and 12 % respectively ) . 
  as their rate of employment goes they 're among the worst of all immigrants to finland by far , and those that have arrived in the past are mostly burdening the social services . 
  and now tens of thousands more are arriving to finland , and they will obviously put a further burden on the social services . 
   you wo n't be insinuating is all a big lie , will you ? 
  i think your claim of ` academic consensus ' is very much misplaced here unless you can by using actual numbers demonstrate how it applies to the current mass immigration to norway ( or finland ) . 
  subsidies are not actual reforms in the economy , they 're the substitute for making actual reforms . 
  what russia 's economy actually needs is establishing rule of law and tackling the widespread corruption - and that would be just the starting point . 
  some of them has indeed been posted to / r/historyporn . 
  try seaching with keywords ` finland ' or ` finnish ' . 
   turkey dragged a kurdish man behind an armored vehicle . 
  then it got worse . 
  and then i did n't click their stupid headline . 
  from the article :  up to october 4 , the number of refugees entering finland from iraq was 13,848 , while 1,810 came from somalia , 1,060 from afghanistan , 676 from albania and 409 from syria . 
  saudi arabia can withstand low oil prices for a fairly long time as they have plenty of options which they have n't even felt the need to put in use yet in order to balance their gov budget . 
  here 's some . 
  cutting government spending . 
  just for one example gasoline is cheap and the fuel subsidies alone will cost saudi arabia up to $ 52 billion this year , or about 8 % of gdp . 
  and there 's also lot of other spending that could be potentially cut but which has not happened yet . 
  increasing taxation . 
  saudi arabia is known for dirt low taxes , and there 's the option of increasing some taxes . 
  devaluating/floating currency . 
  riyal has remained steady compared to dollar even as the oil prices have collapsed . 
  borrowing . 
  saudi arabia 's credit rating remains high and they have little debt . 
  in addition to that gdp projections estimate 2-3 % growth for this and the next year . 
  and they still have about $ 650 billion as a cushion . 
  out of the 19,632 asylym-seekers that have arrived in finland this year only 409 are from syria . 
  when one goes about writing propaganda targeted for someone then one of the critical steps is to make sure the target audience has access to it so they can read it . 
  yet this article was written as classified top secret , and published in nsa 's cryptologic quarterly which is not publically available . 
  i think it 's safe to say that the article was not written as propaganda for serbs . 
   who had yugoslavia 's back ? 
  the western allies including the us . 
  read the article . 
   why would that mean ww3 . 
  according to the article , which i recommend for you to read , one reason is it likely would have involved nukes . 
  is of joke . 
  good thing that no-one is pretending that then . 
  the swastika of the nazis does have negative connotations and for a good reason too . 
  that you 're unable to get that the nazi swastika is not all the swastikas in the world is not anyone else 's fault but yours . 
  yeah , and it 's utterly idiotic that the article in that link presents him posting a cartoon * mocking * neonazis as if it 's evidence of him supporting neonazis . 
  but then again , pc-policing is insane by its very nature , and no-one should expect much rationality from it . 
  could you show those links he has posted ? 
  not really for everybody . 
  only in some parts of the world is any kind of swastika confused with nazism . 
  that does not happen everywhere and not by everyone on this planet . 
  but certainly hitler did ruin the symbol for germany and austria indefinetely . 
  that 's akin to hiring david icke as an advisor . 
  apparently being a delusional hack and a crackpot is no problem as long as you pretend to be politically correct - even as you shit on other people and their actual history . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  and i bet it 's gon na get more interesting in the future . 
  * starts stockpiling popcorn *, 
  right , and so far it seems he has not posted any `` nazi imagery '' at all , as no such imagery of his has been presented in the swedish media nor itt . 
  looks like swedes have gone apes over nothing . 
   and this was before the naziparty was something major . 
  yup . 
  even before the naziparty existed . 
  in 1918 swedish count eric von rosen gave finland the first aircraft of the finnish air force and flew with it to finland . 
  he had painted his personal symbol of luck on the plane : a blue swastika . 
  and that blue swastika became the insignia of the faf . 
  it 's utterly idiotic for someone to confuse the blue swastika of faf with that of the nazis . 
  they have different history , different origin , and they even * look * very obviously different . 
  it 's even more silly for swedes to confuse those two as the faf swastika was actually brought to finland from sweden . 
  and the ultimate level of stupidity is the * willful ignorance * that our friend with a greek flair has demonstrated here : even after he has been informed about the facts he chooses to disregard that and doubles down on stupid instead . 
  and a beautiful plane . 
  it 's simply amazing that after 70 years , thanks to phillip lawton , there 's now a hurricane mk.ii flying in finland . 
  in the article i did n't see any racist things shared by him . 
  could you show any racist things he has actually posted ? 
   this image was just an excuse for the club to finally get rid of him . 
  yeah it certainly appears as an excuse . 
  yup . 
  arnstad is a hack and a crackpot , and certainly not an actual historian . 
  whenever i see henrik arnstad 's name popping up in the finnish media , which has fortunately become very infrequent , i know he 's shitting on finland with his personal poorly researched views on history . 
   wikipedia says that the official symbol changed in 1944 [ 1 ] : the * insignia * was changed .
