  as i already said : * probably for example those not acknowledged , recognised nor reconciled . 
  * you posting links related only to katyn massacre does not cut it as that atrocity was just the tip of the iceberg of the atrocities the soviet occupiers committed in poland . 
  during the soviet occupation of eastern poland in 1939-41 hundreds of thousands polish civilians went missing and the soviet union as the occupying force is responsible for that . 
  polish civilians - including women and children - were imprisoned , interned , tortured , murdered and exiled by the soviet occupation force . 
  and that happened again when they occupied poland the second time . 
  yet you 're insisting on posting links to the katyn massacre which means you 're simply ignoring any of those much wider atrocities ever happening just as your government does . 
  that 's why i said it as it is : * probably for example those not acknowledged , recognised nor reconciled . 
  unlike germany , russia has never done that . 
  when hitler started to run out of resources to have a war in europe he simply imported them from the soviet union which was eager to provide them . 
  [ german -- soviet credit agreement , august 1939 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_credit_agreement_ ( 1939 \\ ) ) [ german-soviet commercial agreement , february 1940 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_commercial_agreement_ ( 1940 \\ ) ) [ german -- soviet border and commercial agreement , january 1941 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_border_and_commercial_agreement ) germany was lacking the necessary resources for a lasting war and without the soviets providing those hitler 's planned tour de europe would have fallen flat . 
  the soviets provided as they wanted to invade half of europe too , as agreed in the molotov-ribbentropp pact , and thought their dealings with hitler sealed the deal . 
  ... and then you woke up and you realized you actually were n't in 4chan . 
   based on a dubious interpretation of the principle of state continuity . 
  no , it is the correct interpretation of state continuity under international law . 
  your contrarian belief is as good as claiming belgium ceased to exist with the german occupation - in other words either ignorant or stupid . 
  ah okay , then the problem merely exists between chair and keyboard . 
  and ? 
  you do know the katyn massacre was just the tip of the iceberg , right ? 
   i do n't wish to equalize very different situations , but palestinians have local elections as well . 
  did someone else write that against your wishes ? 
   what grudges could you possibly have that allow you to have good relations with germany and bad relations with russia ? 
  probably for example those not acknowledged , recognised nor reconciled . 
  unlike germany , russia has never done that . 
  keeping in mind that g7 is a discussion club here 's some issues to discuss in no particular order : * growth in the world economy and in the eu , free trade * africa , development there , and the migrant crisis * climate action and energy * ukraine * russia 's aggression * greek economic crisis * erdogan 's turkey * isis , syria , and developments in the middle east * brexit referendum * the fifa scandal and its implications to sports and other organisations, 
  `` bitcoin websites allowed again in russia ** ? 
  ** '' well , are they ididpotato , are bitcoin * websites * now allowed in russia ? 
  and , more importantly , if russians are now allowed to at least read information regarding bitcoin is bitcoin now a legal currency in russia ? 
  or is it effectively banned for the purpose of making payments in russia ? 
  which could only happen if the investigators gain evidence of crimes happening in the us during that time - e.g. 
  some of the fifa old farts currently arrested spilling the beans for a lower sentence . 
  albeit i do n't know if any of them were in the fifa in the '80s . 
  but if america is working in consort as you claim then they are working to hurt their own industry . 
  which is the part of your reasoning that does not compute with me . 
  please elaborate : why would america want to hurt its own industry ? 
  the way i see it : 1 ) america , or more specifically the us government , did nothing special to bring oil prices down . 
  they did n't have to . 
  the wildcatters took care of that . 
  2 ) the wildcatters came about because of new applied technologies made it possible to extract large amounts of oil where it was not economically feasible before . 
  their incentive was the oil prices being very high for a long time (  $ 100 !, 
  ) , which made it possible for them to both learn how to do it efficiently and making hefty profit while learning it . 
  and the wall street was willing to finance it because the high oil prices made the big profits possible . 
  not a us gov program but free enterprise at work . 
  3 ) opec had been playing their part to keep the prices high but eventually opec had no reasonable choises left . 
  their market share had shrinked below 40 % which is big but not dominant , they could not rely on russia as it had betrayed them once before by grabbing market share by breaking promises , and had the oil prices remained high there would have been even more us wildcatters eating into opec ( and especially the saudi ) market share . 
  when a monopoly has lost its ability to dictate prices it is only the logical , and economically correct decision , to let the market set the prices . 
  4 ) ultimately it is a battle of market share against the us oil industry . 
  but the wildcatters are both numerous and resilient . 
  they will not just simply give up and go away easily unless bankrupt . 
  and those that will remain are the most resilient ones , the most efficient producers , who will use this opportunity to buy the assets of losers into their drilling portfolios . 
  they wo n't go away , the us oil production will remain high for years , and we will not see the same high oil prices for years . 
  5 ) the geopolitical explanations are just cruft added after the fact , and there is no evidence of any of that actually having taken place . 
  you 're just * imagining * the saudis and the us conspiring together to make it all happen - including the us willingly hurting its own industry in the process . 
  6 ) that is not to say that the lower oil prices are not beneficial for the saudi and the us geopolitically . 
  they are . 
  but that is different from claiming they are low * because * of that . 
  for that additional belief you should present the additional evidence it needs . 
  7 ) in fact the us has been ` working in consort ' ( albeit not purposefully ) to keep the oil prices * high * since the '70s as the us has a legislation actually * banning the export of crude oil * ever since the oil crisis . 
  hence the us producers export only little crude oil to the world market and even then with a special permit for the cargo ( albeit trade with e.g. 
  canada works differently ) . 
  but as the us wildcatters have been producing more and more crude oil there has been louder and louder opposition to the export ban legislation under the last few years . 
  with the campaigning it is reasonable to expect that the export ban could be lifted or at least eased in the near future . 
  that could affect the world market prices by lowering them a bit or at least by narrowing the brent/wti spread . 
  so , one can make payments with bitcoin in russia and it 's perfectly legal ? 
  so , why do you claim america is innit ? 
   saudi arabia was most likely working in consort with america in order to hurt russia and at the same time hurt its regional adversaries , syria and iran as well as damage the fracking industry in america . 
  that does not compute . 
  why the hell would america want to hurt fracking industry in america ? 
  the transcript is an interesting read : https://s3.amazonaws.com/s3.documentcloud.org/documents/2093153/blazer.pdf some of the funny or interesting bits . 
   the court : let me begin first of all , sir , by asking you to state your full name . 
  the defendant : charles gordon blazer . 
  the court : how old are you , sir ? 
  the defendant : 68 . 
  the court : you are the second person i know , i being the first one , to actually stop on that question . 
  i guess it is some sort of a freudian block . 
  the defendant : it is . 
  ...  the court : there are ten charges , if i am not mistaken , ten charges in total - - the defendant : that is correct . 
  the court : involving these organizations . 
  i do n't know how you pronounce it , fifa . 
  mr. norris : fifa , your honor . 
  the court : fifa , and its membership or constituent organization . 
  the charges relate to events involving an exchange of elicit payments for one purpose or another . 
  they identify fifa and its attendant or related constituent organization as what we call an enterprise , a rico enterprise . 
  rico is an acronym for , and do n't overreact to this as i am sure most people do , racketeering influenced corrupt organization . 
  i will spare you the historical note . 
  then it charges a number of things including conspiracy . 
  ...  the court : tell me what your understanding of what a conspiracy is , what is a conspiracy ? 
  the defendant : that it is an activity conducted by a group of people for a specific aim and objective . 
  the court : a specific what objective ? 
  the defendant : aim or objective . 
  the court : that is a b-plus . 
  it is a specific criminal aim or objective . 
  okay ? 
  the defendant : that is corrected . 
  the court : it is an agreement to do something that the law forbids . 
  the defendant : okay . 
  ...  the defendant : during my association with fifa and concacaf , among other things , i and others agreed that i or a co-conspirator would commit at least two acts of racketeering activity . 
  among other things , i agreed with other persons in or around 1992 to facilitate the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the host nation for the 1998 world cup . 
   beginning in or about 1993 and continuing through the early 2000s , i and others agreed to accept bribes and kickbacks in conjunction with the broadcast and other rights to the 1996 , 1998 , 2000 , 2002 , and 2003 gold cups . 
  beginning in or around 2004 and continuing through 2011 , i and others on the fifa executive committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the selection of south africa as the host nation for the 2010 world cup . 
  among other things , my actions described above had common participants and results .
