  that will happen only later on when the consumer demand is high enough to justify investing into new production . 
  like i said the crucial difference is the structure of export industries where sweden is more heterogenous compared to finland with more consumer driven exports . 
  the $ as a primary explanation is an oversimplistic canard . 
   does n't sweden 's svt target broadcasts in the swedish-speaking parts of finland as well ? 
  a wikipedia search said that is used to happen until 2007 , and it still happens by sharing broadcast time with one of yle 's channels . 
  yes , yle rebroadcasts svt programming . 
  and no , it 's not specifically targeted to a certain region albeit the swedish speaking population is mostly concentrated on the west-sw coast . 
  to serve the swedish speaking finns yle also produces programming in swedish and has a swedish language tv-channel [ yle fem ] ( http://svenska.yle.fi/yle-fem ) ( or former finlands svenska television ) . 
  but you did n't really answer the question . 
  why should latvia * have to * rebroadcast a russian tv-channel in the first place ? 
  because i ca n't see any obligation to rebroadcast rtr . 
  or a romanian [ lilyhammer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lilyhammer ), 
  why should latvia have to rebroadcast a russian tv-channel in the first place ? 
  and i 'm not referring to language used but to the country/government of origin . 
  according to latvian law on electronic mass media , media must ensure that their broadcasts present true and unbiased information , encourage opinion exchange , uphold journalistic and ethical principles , and not be involved in promoting ethnic hatred , or advocate military conflicts or war . 
  related to that :  latvian media council has concluded that rtr news reports contain unjustifiable calls to war or a military conflict and increase ethnic hate . 
   the media council believes it is necessary to prevent violation of legitimate objectives , which is something programmes and news reports provided by rtr are said to aim for , in order to defend state security , territorial integrity and social security . 
  in addition to that , considering the important role television plays in supplying residents with information about developments in the world , the media council believes there are no alternative legal mechanisms to limit rtr other than a restriction on broadcasts in accordance with article 1 of the electronic mass media law . 
  that [ statue looks pretty old ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sbpvosu.jpg ) what is it ? 
  while it is not a pressing issue it exists and has its own complications : [ fuel duel ] ( https://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/fuel-duel-326535.html ), 
  he has been the leader of the conservative national coalition party for ten years already . 
  that 's a very long time , and he said that he will not be available for that position next june when the next party rally elects a leader . 
  that means the new party leader will also become the prime minister in june . 
  katainen has not been that clear on his future plans saying that after ten years stepping down is the natural thing to do , and he want 's to move on and would be interested in international positions for example in the commission or something else . 
   our economy is already going to shit because of bad government finland 's economy is doing bad because exports are doing bad . 
  exports are doing bad because there has been long recession and global demand for those exports has been down . 
  finland 's exports are mostly investment driven , not consumer driven . 
  demand for finland 's exports has been down because industries and businesses in other countries have not invested into new production because consumer demand has been down . 
  now after recession consumer demand is raising . 
  industries and businesses will start ramping up their production . 
  but it will still take time until they start to invest into new production , and therefore it will take time until finland 's exports see significant growth again . 
  none of this is because of ` bad government ' . 
  the structure of finland 's exports is what it is and it 's not government 's fault or even responsibility to run consumer driven export industries in finland . 
  that is not to say that the government does not deserve critisism , but ` economy going to shit ' is not one of them . 
  economy has been doing badly because it 's dependend on exports which are dependend on investments in other countries . 
  for example sweden is doing much better because they have much more heterogenic export structure and the demand for their consumer products has picked up . 
  and a huge factor is the export structure . 
  finland 's exports are mostly investment driven , not as much consumer driven . 
  that means a lot of inertia after a recession : finland 's exports are not going to go significantly up until there will be new investements to production in other countries . 
  and after a recession that will take time . 
  first the consumer demand has to rise , then there will be new production . 
  but after a recession there will be some overcapacity left and industries can ramp up their production without new investements . 
  those will start to happen only later - hopefully this year . 
   if ukraine just keeps taking gas and not paying the full price , russia will shut down the gas that goes trough ukraine . 
  and then russia is going to provide gas to crimea how ? 
  remember that the crimean peninsula is 80-90 % dependend on energy and water it gets from the mainland . 
  good luck running a tourist resort without water , electricity and gas . 
  ukraine not accepting the unilateral price hike is the correct thing to do here . 
  the $ 485 is simply ridiculous price as european average gazprom price is $ 380 including transit costs . 
  and if one wants to take the disputed price to arbitration or court the first step is not to accept the new unilaterally dictated price hike . 
  either party can take the dispute to arbitration or court . 
  i do n't think russia would do that because ukraine actually has a good case . 
  and ukraine 's strategy seems to be first not to accept the price hike , and if russia retaliates by not selling gas then take that dispute to arbitration or court . 
  and if russia stops selling gas to ukraine they do have options : use reserves ( gives some months ) , get that agreed upon reverse flow from slovakia going ( will take at least several months or til 2015 ) , or simply take some of the gas transiting to the eu . 
  then russia 's option would be to cut all gas deliveries through ukraine including those going to the eu . 
  while possible i do n't think it 's likely . 
  currently gazprom is not doing so hot and disrupting gas deliveries to the biggest customers would not improve its position . 
  doing so would have serious repercussions both in russia and the eu but economically would hit russia harder . 
  and then there 's also the crimean peninsula 's dependency issue - russia cutting gas deliveries through ukraine would be like shooting their own foot . 
   but yatseniuk offer of 286 is ridiculuos too , no , it 's part of the strategy . 
  price is under dispute here . 
  if you want to take the dispute to arbitration or court the first step is not to accept the new unilaterally dictated price hike . 
  perhaps , at $ 380 or lot less as also the transit would be lot shorter . 
  currently ukraine 's strategy seems to be first not to accept the unilaterally dictated price hike , keep paying only the old price , and if russia retaliates by not selling gas then take that dispute to arbitration or court as ukraine would have a good case . 
  in that situation ukraine probably would take parts of the gas transiting through its territory to the eu - that is if russia does not close it all . 
  do n't forget the russian naval base in sevastopol for which russia offered discounted gas prices . 
  after russia 's invasion and annexation they claim that the discount is now invalid , but the legality of annexation is heavily disputed and it was not ukraine that broke the agreement . 
  ukraine has a good case to go to arbitration or court , and if they are to take it there part of the strategy is not to accept the new ridiculously high price ( $ 485 while european average gazprom price is $ 380 including transit costs ) . 
   `` at this price for gas , ukraine will most likely continue to import and ratchet up its debt . 
  it will happen until either side decides to go to arbitration or russia decides to cut off deliveries of gas to ukraine , '' said independent energy analyst valentin zemlyansky . 
    `` if it goes to the court , we could expect a very long ordeal , but if gazprom cuts supplies , ukraine will take gas from volumes intended for european consumers , '' he said . 
   one source who advises on gas contracts noted that russia offered the discount in 2010 in return for continuing use of its black sea naval base in the crimean port of sevastopol . 
   `` with the seizure of crimea , moscow now could argue the rebate is now longer valid , hence raising the gas tariff to levels more normal in the region , '' said the source . 
  `` this is , i would imagine , something kiev may contest in arbitration as it did n't hand over crimea voluntarily . '', 
   russia has raised the price to $ 485 per 1,000 cubic meters , meaning gazprom , russia 's monopoly gas exporter , charges kiev about the same as other customers in central europe . 
  the average gazprom price to european countries is about $ 380 per 1,000 cubic meters including the cost of transit . 
  as the transit to ukraine is much shorter than to the european hubs the $ 485 is simply ridiculous price . 
  and when the reverse flow from slovakia to ukraine gets implemented it will be lot cheaper to import gas from the european hubs . 
  / r/learnfinnish /, 
  the column is not about whether russia would invade us . 
  it 's about an island claimed to belong to the russian orthodox church ` for eternity ' - which in itself is an interesting claim . 
   now , although it 's true that vladimir putin likes to snatch bits of other countries to which he thinks there 's a historical claim , nobody imagines he 'll come after alaska , no matter how much fun the russian press is having with the story . 
  but let 's be clear : there is n't any historical evidence that spruce island was n't included in the 1867 deal for what was then called russian america . 
  til why we call it * kottik\u00e4rry * in finnish . 
  tilde over here too , also * mato * or worm . 
  as @ is a worm , how do you call ~ ? 
   i 'm not sure how this is connected to an @ iirc this etymological evolution took place sometime during the 80s and 90s : @ -  * kippurah\u00e4nt\u00e4 * ( curly tail ) -  * kissanh\u00e4nt\u00e4 * ( cat 's tail ) -  * miukumauku * ( meow maow ) or at least that 's how this oldfag remembers it . 
  and * kippurah\u00e4nt\u00e4 * , or curly tail, 
  * kissanh\u00e4nt\u00e4 * , or cat 's tail also as borrowed from english , * \u00e4t * , or at, 
  and technically , your attempt of changing the subject is called * [ whataboutism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) * . 
   the reason we now import more oil from russia is that global conventional oil production peaked back in 2005 and the only significant increases have been in unconventional oil production the reason we import oil from russia is because its a supplier nearby with pipes and all . 
  it 's not because russia is the only country in the world producing and exporting crude oil nor the only possible supplier for finland . 
   if you think there 's a plethora of feasible alternatives to russian oil and gas out there , then you are sorely mistaken . 
  no , i am quite correct in pointing out that the world has more than enough crude oil production and exports to supply finland what small amount it imports annually . 
  additionally world crude oil production is rising as it has been for decades : [ graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mk3jpqk )  then again we do need to stop using fossil fuels , this russian situation could prove to be a good incentive to do that . 
  oil consumption in finland has already been declining for years ( see earlier graph ) , and russia or not , completely phasing out fossil fuels will take decades . 
  the most idiotic action possible to take now would be to stop using fossil fuels because russia - * then * you would see your collapse of finland 's economy . 
  but nothing prevents finland from importing crude oil from other suppliers . 
  and ? 
  afaik the possible gas deal between gazprom and china is small compared to gas exports to the eu .
