  but even some hashid , who were called to take up arms by the country 's top shi'ite cleric , are leaving . 
  a 20-year-old shi'ite fighter from the eastern province of diyala , who declined to identify himself or the specific militia he belonged to , said pro-government forces receive inadequate support to fight islamic state . 
  he recently made a month-long journey to sweden to join two cousins who are themselves former iraqi police officers . 
  `` you can not fight a war or live in a country under these circumstances , '' he told reuters via facebook from the stockholm area . 
  the politicians `` ransacked the country in the name of religion . 
  iraq is not ours anymore ; we are merely tenants . '', 
  reuters could not independently verify the fighter 's identity . 
  hashid spokesman ahmed al-asadi could not provide an accurate count for fighters who had migrated , but said the government needed to do more to keep young iraqis from leaving . 
  reforms launched last month by prime minister haider al-abadi seek to end a system of ethnic and sectarian quotas that has spawned corruption and mismanagement . 
  the reforms also aim to improve accountability in the military and other state institutions . 
  but the initiative , hindered by bureaucracy and political jockeying , has led to few noticeable gains on the battlefield or improvements in people 's daily lives ; many lack basic services such as electricity . 
  though iraqis have been fleeing poor government , violence and economic hardship for decades , recent policy shifts in europe have presented a fresh opportunity to escape . 
  looking on this summer as refugees from neighboring syria received a warm reception in europe , many decided to leave at short notice , using facebook and other social media to plan their trips . 
  the united nations estimates hundreds of thousands more could leave iraq in the coming months . 
  but the soldiers arriving in europe face an unknown future . 
  a spokeswoman for u.n. refugee agency unhcr said those judged to be former combatants would not be granted refugee status . 
  ( additional reporting by isabel coles in erbil and tom miles in geneva , editing by timothy heritage ), 
  meanwhile , thousands of migrants have crossed the northern border from sweden to finland . 
  so far there has been 12471 asylym applications this year and of those 2812 applications last week alone ( unclear how many unregistered persons in addition to those ) . 
  and by far the majority of them are young men , and most of the applicants are from iraq . 
  in finland of all the registered asylym applicants this year about 62 % are from iraq , 13 % from somalia , 5 % from afganistan , then some from albania , kosovo etc. 
  what is remarkable is that even with the thousands of recent arrivals only 297 applicants or about 2 % are from syria . 
   iraq is n't a country ?? 
   us did n't have any slightest chance with soviets at that time . 
  the us was the only country that had nukes . 
   i 'd kinda expect that if the pohjanmaa could do the job , so could either of the other two . 
  pohjanmaa needed significant technical changes and special rigging for the operation atalanta . 
  there 's no reason to expect that just because pohjanmaa could do somehing then also other ships can . 
  in fact the contrary is more likely true : because the minelayer pohjanmaa needed significant changes it is likely that also the h\u00e4meenmaa-class minelayers would need . 
  after all , they 're all designed as minelayers operating on finnish coastal waters . 
  great . 
  now please tell me how are they suitable for * the mission * . 
  because it 's not about whether the are any ships that can stay afloat on the mediterranean . 
   he told the newspaper keskisuomalainen on thursday that the government 's foreign and security committee has tentatively approved the deployment . 
  however it will depend on whether the finnish defence forces can borrow a boat from another eu state . 
  poor reporting . 
  he never said that . 
  the finnish defence forces are not asking to borrow a boat . 
  here 's the original news source in finnish : http://www.ksml.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/suomi-lahettaa-20-sotilasta-valimerelle/2129425 the finnish defence forces do not have a suitable ship for a mission on the mediterranean now that [ the minelayer pohjanmaa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_minelayer_pohjanmaa ) , which participated in action against somali pirates in [ the operation atalanta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_atalanta ) , is being decommissioned . 
  that means the only way for the fdf to participate in a mission on the mediterranean is to send a detachment that would operate from some other ship . 
  they 're not seeking to borrow a boat but looking for a ship that would have the detachment onboard . 
   and what about human rights and so on ? 
  well , the human traffickers may have human rights too but that does not mean they have a right to smuggle people . 
  that is in fact criminal activity . 
  i 'm sorry , explain what ? 
  well i for one can see quite a few `` certain things '' that should not be public even in a most transparent democracy . 
  what matters is the context and the data . 
  that is the only way one can be consistent in demanding protection of privacy ( good ) on one hand while also demanding more transparency ( also good ) . 
  i see wholesale claims such as yours counterproductive to both those ends . 
  i hope that is not your purpose . 
   what should she have done ? 
  quietly suspend dublin ii and hope nobody notices ? 
  or maybe she could have been clear that she has no powers to suddenly `` suspend dublin ii '' for the eu countries , and that she is not doing that . 
  i mean , how the hell would she even `` suspend dublin ii '' for say finland ? 
  where the fuck did she get such powers anyway ? 
   as a whole , the message is perfectly clear . 
  i 'm sorry , what has been the message of hers that is clear ? 
  because apparently hundreds of thousands risking their lives heard something else . 
  cheers !, 
  yup , i agree with the incorrect perception part as technically when you read very carefully she did not say what she appeared to say and what the hundreds of thousands of people now risking their lives to come to merkel believe is technically incorrect . 
  if only had they read the small print very carefully . 
  yet i do not see how she is not responsible for that . 
  i mean , why the fuck did she muddle her message with empty ambiguous rhetorics in the first place . 
  why the fuck do that in a crisis ? 
  because , in all honesty , what an emergency needs is more rhetorics . 
  could you provide a link to another site please ? 
  because the owner of archive.is is for some reason preventing users from some countries to access his site . 
  we do n't know why . 
  at first he gave some vague crazy sounding reasons and then never elaborated when asked . 
  well , it is redundant . 
  the fact that the images of immigrants with the isis flag clashing with police are from 2012 was already established in / r/europe yesterday , and the article presents no new facts beyond that . 
  it 's like a reporter has been browsing reddit and now the old news gets posted back here as new . 
  edit : lol , an instadownvote for informing about a simple fact . 
  and no , i 'm not complaining as complaining about coloured virtual arrows is stupid , imho . 
  just laughing and sharing the joke . 
  wow , did n't know normandy has such cool looking flag . 
  comment deleted and user banned for posting local news . 
  okay . 
  but since when has he needed more internal support ? 
  the conservatives should hire a professional video editor for this kind of stuff . 
   neutrality ? 
  neutrality about what exactly ? 
   aziz allilou is a student at the higher institute of media and communications ( isic ) and morocco world news correspondent in rabat . 
  yet so far from even being able to read pictures . 
   is that just speculation ? 
  no , it 's rather obvious . 
  look at map , think how would russia control most of the baltic sea , and the obvious ones to invade are gotland ( sweden ) and \u00c5land ( finland ) . 
  and as it 's so obvious the russians are even doing practice runs in plain sight without any need to conceal such plans . 
   you 're already covered by the eu mutual defence clause . 
  well , it 's too vague to be much of coverage for my taste . 
  depending on situation it certainly could cover sweden but there 's no guarantee on what that coverage might be , and in a situation where sweden would need such coverage it would already be too late for finland . 
  the eu may be many things but one thing it certainly is n't is swift - nor proactive . 
   and , yes , the eu could take on russia . 
  rather easily , even , the industrial backbone is just not comparable . 
  yes , in sense of military power , technology , logistics , production etc the eu could easily fend off an invasion by russia . 
  yet that does not mean that the eu would do that for any specific region . 
  why ? 
  because politics . 
  there is no concrete obligation to do that , just a vague principle . 
  and if shit hits the fan such vague clauses tend to get interpreted in a way which seem the easiest at the moment .
