  that is with regard to count one . 
   the court : all right . 
  the defendant : count two . 
  between april of 2004 and may 2011 , i and others who were fiduciaries to both fifa and concacaf , in contravention of our duties , i and others , while acting in our official capacities , agreed to participate in a scheme to defraud fifa and concacaf of the right to honest services by taking undisclosed bribes . 
  i and others agreed to use e-mail , telephone , and a wire transfer into and out of the united states in furtherance of the scheme . 
  funds procured through these improper payments passed through jfk airport in the form of a check . 
  that is regarding count two . 
  some parts of the record are still redacted probably because publishing them might hamper the ongoing investigations . 
  edit : among others this one part is of note i think : * `` i and others , while acting in our official capacities , agreed to participate in a scheme to defraud fifa and concacaf of the right to honest services by taking undisclosed bribes '' * here the defendand describes the organisations as victims of his and his co-conspirators ' corrupt conduct . 
  and , i have to say , in some sense he is technically correct . 
  yet the reason why many see fifa as the problem and not as the victim is them not pursuing impartial investigation and legal charges against the corruption but instead wiping it under the carpet and condoning it . 
  as i see it in some sense fifa may be a victim , or at least the non-corrupt part of it , but by hiding and also condoning the corruption within its organisation fifa is also a perpetrator . 
   curiously , investigations are not engaged on designation for 1994 's world cup in united states . 
  the news is about chuck blazer 's guilty plead which was sealed until yesterday . 
  in his plead he admits among others : * `` i agreed with other persons in or around 1992 to facilitate the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the host nation for the 1998 world cup . 
  '' * [ reportedly from the losing bid by morocco ] * `` beginning in or about 1993 and continuing through the early 2000s , i and others agreed to accept bribes and kickbacks in conjunction with the broadcast and other rights to the 1996 , 1998 , 2000 , 2002 , and 2003 gold cups . 
  beginning in or around 2004 and continuing through 2011 , i and others on the fifa executive committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the selection of south africa as the host nation for the 2010 world cup . 
  '' * and that is reported by the posted news . 
  blazer started working at concacaf and fifa only in 1990 , and probably had nothing to do with earlier world cup bids . 
  i do n't see what is curious about that . 
  [ bitcoin banned in russia ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/09/us-russia-bitcoin-idusbrea1806620140209 ), 
  i do n't think the numerous american wildcatters are working in an concerted effort to bring oil prices down . 
  it 's just a side-effect of their fracking activities and high production rates . 
  albeit the fifa hq was raided by swiss authorities . 
  he just tweeted this : https://twitter.com/iamjohnoliver/status/605800436440768513, 
  or perhaps ... a realist ? 
   [ fifa scandal : president sepp blatter resigns ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32983398 ) time to bring out the champagne !, 
  \\ o / but this is just the beginning , it 's not over yet . 
  here 's an optimist , fa chairman : `` he 's gone . 
  at long last we can sort out fifa . 
  we can go back to looking at those two world cups . 
  if i were qatar right now i would n't be feeling comfortable . '', 
   decline in increase rate show there is a trend , that is the trend of * change * in inflation . 
  and even that is flimsy as you only have two data points for that claim , please do read you favourite quote carefully : `` yet , monthly inflation slowed for the second straight month to its lowest since october last year ''  current prediction show that inflation will fall . 
  the current prediction by russian authorities claims so . 
  that is a prediction , not a trend . 
  seems you 're confusing them a lot through your comments as if a prediction had established a trend ( it can not ) . 
  pray tell me : what exactly is wrong with the idea of observing for some more months and looking at the multiple data points then to actually establish a trend ? 
  why the hell is it so important to you to look like an idiot doubling down on stupid ? 
  if you actually were a `` a financial/commodity trader '' either something has seriously gone wrong in your education or you 're not one - or at least not a successful one at that profession . 
   lets be honest you never wrote a single intelligent point . 
  aaand that tells a lot more about your idea of being honest . 
   did you bother to read the graph at least and the page ? 
  yeah , i did . 
  apparently you somehow believe it proves your method of using one month data point as a trend . 
  it does n't . 
  come back after several months and then show if there is a trend . 
  before that : one month does not a trend make . 
   to request from the belgian government and cdh party to cancel the exclusion of \u00d6zdemir . 
  that is not for the government to interfere in the first place . 
  surely the decision of who is accepted as a member of a political party is for the party to decide , not the government . 
  influx of unskilled is not a solution for lack of skilled workers . 
  and apparently into prosecuting that . 
  yet it seems it is * you * who just can not get over the fact that you do n't know what you 're talking about and doubling down on stupid . 
  whatever . 
  go on with your merry ways as `` a financial/commodity trader '' . 
   but it has no . 
   short term mean it can be in relation to ( t-1 ) one month , three months before ( t-3 ) or the same quarter of the previous year ( t-4 ) idiot . 
   you are mentally challenged . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  especially from a guy who is completely unable to grasp the elementary concept of * trend * . 
   so yeah , you seriously think that i am a layman this is hllilarious . 
  no , at this point of discussion with you insisting on being ignorant of even the most basic things i do n't think you 're even a layman . 
  an actual layman would learn . 
  i think you 're just a dishonest person doubling down on dishonesty . 
   when i look an inflation graph like what he put and i see the inflation constantly rising since 8 month by an average of 1,5 % . 
  now * there 's * enough data to establish a * trend * . 
  an upward trend . 
   and that suddenly it fall after this constant rise . 
  yet a one month does not a trend make . 
  if you actually combined that one month with the other data points you just mentioned the trend would still be rising . 
   1 ) whatever the currency it has suddenly stabilize which mean it show a likely trend ah , now it 's `` a likely trend '' . 
  we 're slowly making progress , i see . 
  very , * very * slowly . 
   thus i can easily worte that it is on a downward trend . 
  you can easily write * anything * . 
  the easiness of it does n't make it correct though . 
   are you seriouslybmentally challenge ... no , one data point is not a * trend * . 
  come back when you have a graph with several months of decline and then say the graph has a declining trend . 
   again what are you blabing ??? 
  inform me on what exactly , who are you ? 
  informing you on a very very simple concept . 
  listen , you simply can not be that dense not to get it . 
   i see a decline and its a trend it is a decline . 
  of one month . 
  you can not establish a * trend * based on that . 
  yeah , well it was really pointless the last time too . 
  that did not prevent it though . 
   they wo n't find who did it unless the missile had a large flag on it that did n't get destroyed i hope you 're just joking as * that * is a exceedingly naive way to look at it . 
  by that logic a criminal is only implicated when their card has been found on the crime scene . 
  there 's many many many more ways to gather incriminating evidence than that . 
   and after that never threatened finland . 
  except that the su threatened finland with `` military consultations '' numerous times during the cold war , and the last time they did that was in the '80s . 
  furthermore , they did that even as finland had a far-reaching [ agreement of friendship , cooperation , and mutual assistance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-soviet_treaty_of_1948 ) with the su . 
   i do n't see any reason for russia to do something different . 
  yeah , well that is exactly the reason to be cautious . 
  yes , i am aware , thank you . 
   what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  hmm ... let 's see .
