  so the monasteries did not have a long tradition over here , just few centuries max before they were gone again . 
  but there are still some monasteries in finland , perhaps a couple of dozen if i recall correctly . 
  some of them are orthodox , some catholic , and there 's even a lutheran one . 
  but they are small , mostly preoccupied by themselves and not a part of public life . 
   why are there no saints ? 
  actually lutheranism does have saints . 
  some even the same as catholics have . 
  lutherans just do n't pay as much attention to them , never pray to them and never ask for intercession from them . 
  they 're seen as exemplary individuals , human beings , and therefore not something to pray to . 
  so no reciting ave marias in lutheranism . 
   do lutherans have holidays ? 
  sure . 
  pretty much the same as catholics have . 
  the biggest ones are the easter and christmas . 
   if so ... how are they celebrated ? 
  you have a holiday i.e. 
  day ( s ) off . 
  depending on holiday celebrating it may involve going to church ( getting rarer by the year ) , visiting the graves , spending time with your family etc. 
   is it true that finland is the most religious countries of the nordics ? 
  yes , if you go by the number of members of the lutheran church . 
  i mean , almost 75 % of finns are members . 
  but i 'm not sure how the polls about the actual conviction compare . 
   are you lutheran ? 
  yup . 
  born as lutheran , and brought up in a predominantly lutheran society . 
  albeit an ignostic by conviction . 
   thanks for taking the time to answer my questions . 
  no prob . 
  and by all means feel free to ask more . 
  but remember i 'm not an expert . 
   banning certain types of content is at worst wrong and at best ineffective . 
  indeed . 
   so , tell me what you think and if you have any ideas . 
  what people are doing in consta-posting opinion pieces is not aspiring for being informative , nor generating informed discussion , but spreading their subscribed ideology . 
  yet some opinion pieces * are * informative having an effect of the reader becoming less stupid after being exposed to new , well elaborated views . 
  so , the answer is obviously not throwing the baby with the bathwater by filtering out the opinion pieces . 
  albeit labeling them would probably be an improvement for a reader . 
  and , as the problem is not the opinion pieces themselves but the sheer number of them and their reposts perhaps the answer lies in the effort it takes to post them . 
  it is very easy to post a random opinion piece from anyone 's favourite opionator - multiple times even as we have seen . 
  and that is stupid . 
  if there was a requirement for a post that is a link to an opinion piece to have a short written elaboration by the op on why it has been posted to a subereddit with 400 000 subscribers and what exactly is new , insightful and worthy of discussion in it then perhaps we would have less random opinion posts and also more discussion in such posts . 
  unfortunately i have no idea how to implement and enforce that without putting even further burden on the moderators . 
  perhaps posts to known opinion sites ( such as www.theguardian.com/thecommentisfree etc ) could automatically go into moderation que based on their url ? 
  and then wait for the first comment by the op ? 
  i have no idea . 
  ( i think / r/history does something akin to that but i have no idea how it works ), 
  what is different from times before : ** the new thing is constantly posting opinion pieces without any explanation why that particular opinion piece is worthy of posting . 
  ** fuck that seems like for some redditors any random opinion piece is worth of posting - perhaps provided it is of support to their personal favorite opinion . 
  but not worth discussing as they rarely provide any reason for discussion as to why that particular opinion piece had such an impact on them to be worth of sharing over here . 
  nowadays we get a lot of posts of random opinion pieces . 
  a lot . 
  ** a lot ** . 
  sometimes even serially done by serial posters who seem to take this sub as a soapbox to promote their whatever agenda . 
  that is new over here . 
  we used to have some opinion pieces posted here , but we also used to have the poster explaining why that particular opinion piece out of millions was worthy of posting , and what was the point . 
  and it seems like obvious common decency thing to do . 
  but that has changed and now we have the sub filled with opinion pieces posted by redditors who post opinion pieces . 
  and , i do n't like that . 
  no , i think it sucks . 
  it 's stupid . 
  idiotic . 
  fucked up . 
  not good . 
  the opposite of good . 
  this sub is not supposed to be anyone 's soapbox . 
  and no , mods , i 'm not asking you to do something about that in terms of deleting posts . 
  but , perhaps , this could be addressed in the posting rules provided we can come up with a reasonable rule addressing that and then agree on that rule . 
  i remember you too granpa . 
  indeed . 
  item of note : addressed to his german friends . 
  not to his fellow europeans . 
  the main reason is obviously the fact that / r/europe became a geo-location specific default . 
  before that the growth was slow but steady with some random front page posts bringing spikes of more subscribers . 
  iirc it took a year to grow from 20 000 to 30 000 , and then about 9 months to 40 000 and about six months to 50 000 - and then it exploded with the geo-location default . 
   quantity does n't equal quality after being a subsciber for four ( or is it already five by now ? ), 
  years my experience regarding quality is that it has remained basically the same . 
  what 's different is the amount of posts , * reposts * , and editorialized titles . 
  yet i still browse by ` new ' over here as the amount of posts is not overwhelming . 
  and i hate the constant stream of reposts as a manifestation of laziness that they are . 
  during the past years i have never seen a ` meta ' post that has been actually new . 
  they have all been basically the same : a person who wants to either see something else here , or a person who wants to disallow others from seeing something here . 
  also , generally the mods over here have done a good job . 
  i know there have been complaints , some of which i agree with , but * generally * considering the past few years and the way they have handled the growth i 'd say : good job and thanks . 
  and of course that does not mean we should not remain vigilant on what those power-crazed loonies may do next . 
  yeah , those were the days . 
  * sigh * they grow so fast . 
  or 400 000 in non-silly numbers . 
  so , how about sharing those stats ? 
  and by sharing i mean posting them on this thread and not somewhere else - after the previous exchange i 'm not sure how specific you require other people to be . 
  you have statistics on that ? 
  well , i 'm certainly not an expert . 
  but shoot , and i 'll answer as i can . 
  anecdote time : decades ago as i was in a job where workmates and me were traveling frequently we had a friendly competition on whose postcard would arrive from the foreign lands with the most obscure address . 
  one of the best ones that made it : * the big house across the moose , helsinki * man , they did smart , those post officers . 
  edit : try it out , helsinki residents , where might that be ? 
  well , you still have until september 15 to make a higher bid of $ 10,001 !, 
  but i think we both know there would never be enough paintballers to pay for the tens of millions it would cost to maintain and safely run the facility . 
  a * kirkkoherra * ( literally church-lord ) is a priest but also the leader of the priests and the congregation . 
  a priest may not be * kirkkoherra * but * kirkkoherra * is a priest elected as a local boss . 
  in the election all eligible members of the congregation can vote ( over 18 , has passed confirmation ) , and the candidate with the most votes is appointed to the post .
