  and none of that supports your silly claim :  the government voted to ban the russian language in parliament . 
  firstly , not ` the government ' but the democratically elected parliament voted to repeal the illegally adopted language law from 2012 . 
  secondly , the parliament 's vote was not a ` ban ' . 
  and thirdly , the government upheld that law . 
   there was a vote to ban it . 
  no there was not . 
  there was a vote about repealing an illegal and unconstitutional language law pushed through by yanukovich in 2012 , and repealing that particular law - which did not happen - does not equal to ` ban ' . 
  the 2012 ukrainian law on language policy was one law among the about 300 illegal and unconstitutional yanukovich 's laws and acts to be repealed . 
  the parliament ( democratically elected in 2012 , mind you ) voted for repealing those laws , but the government did not repeal that particular law . 
  the government 's reasoning being that despite of it being illegally adopted crappy law it is better to prepare a better legislation first . 
  and it indeed is a crappy law as it disproportionally favours russian language at the expence of other languages . 
  before its illegal and uncostitutional adoption in 2012 yanokovich 's ukrainian law on language policy was heavily criticised by human rights watchdogs , academics and scholars , representatives of other minorities and ministeries as lopsided , substandard , and disproportionally favouring one language . 
  the law was [ criticized ] ( http://www.uaba.org/resources/documents/blog%20docs/12-08-23%20amb%20vollebaek%20letter%20to%20ukrainian-am%20%20bar%20assoc_16%20aug.pdf ) by the osce high commissioner on national minorities as its * `` approach to language policy is deeply divisive and is likely to lead to future polarization of society . 
  indeed , the disproportionate favoring of the russian language , while also removing most incentives for learning or using ukrainian in large parts of the country , could potentially undermine ukraine 's very cohesion '' * . 
  he was also concerned that the legislation was not adopted in accordance with ukrainian constitutional and procedural law . 
  the council of europe stated ( [ 1 ] ( http://www.venice.coe.int/webforms/documents/?pdf=cdl-ref%282011%29001-e ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.venice.coe.int/webforms/documents/?pdf=cdl%282011%29101-e ) ) that the legislation failed to provide a proper balance between the development and use of a state language as a unifying factor in society and the development and protection of minority languages in accordance with european standards . 
  the law was also criticized by ukrainian legal scholars , the national academy of sciences of ukraine and other academic institutions , and numerous ministeries within the yanukovych government as divisive and failing to protect the rights of all ukrainians irrespective of their ethnic background . 
  and the law had no effect in crimea as an autonomus region . 
  nothing would have changed there whether that law was in effect or repealed . 
   i 'm not making it up . 
  i know you are not making it up . 
  you 're merely parroting a propaganda lie made up by someone else . 
  especially russian state media has invented and spread lies such as : the new ukrainian government had created a new oppressive language law ( did n't happen ) or repealed a law ( did n't happen ) or banned russian language ( did n't happen ) with the purpose of oppressing the russian minority ( did n't happen ) including crimea ( not even applicable ) . 
  and variations of that have been repeated in the media . 
  what really happened was that the democratically elected ( in 2012 ) parliament voted to repeal an unconstitutional and unbalanced language law . 
  repealing it would not have led to ` ban ' of any language . 
  but the law was not repealed because the government prevented that and upheld the law . 
  so the terrible ` fascist ' government actually protected the status of russian language here . 
  and none of it had any bearing on crimea anyway . 
   the vote to ban the use of the russian language in administration was one of the reasons for invasion russia used . 
  there was no such ban , that 's just a blatant lie . 
  dae novelty accounts ? 
  that still a thing in russia ? 
   rabies uterus ... rabies uterus ... rabies uterus i do n't even, 
  or greens !, 
  nice try , nigel farage . 
  24 % reporting in . 
   we 'll probably need both , but a nuclear power plants take ten years to build . 
  and that 's just the actual construction . 
  add to that the initial planning phase . 
  if we started today , we 'd still be looking at 15-20 years before it 'd begin to have an influence on the energy production . 
  yep , i very much agree that we will likely need both in our energy mixture . 
  and adding different sources into the energy mix does not exclude using also others . 
  some like to paint it in black and white and portray it as an either or situation , but in reality it 's not . 
  there 's both need and room for nuclear , shale gas , renewables etc. 
  as they each serve different purposes and each have their specific pros and cons . 
  and to me supporting one does not mean opposing others . 
  however , it will also take years to get shale gas production going . 
  in europe it is mostly in exploration phase , and only some test wells have been made so far . 
  if we , or more precisely companies involved , start to invest into it now it will take close to a decade before european shale gas really starts to change the natural gas markets in the eu . 
  and i 'd support that as it helps to reduce energy dependency from unreliable countries , and also helps in cutting ghg emissions . 
   spain does n't have much shale gas i think . 
  then you 'll be positively suprised : [ spain shale gas reserves estimated to equal 39 years of demand ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-03-11/spain-shale-gas-reserves-estimated-to-equal-39-years-of-demand.html ) also : http://www.shalegas-europe.eu/en/index.php/resources/shale-opportunities-in-europe/spain, 
   yep , but pumping fluid into the ground to crack rocks and release gas is a hard to predict process . 
  a new generation nuclear reactor on the other hand is . 
  people 's drinking water has already been poisoned - they can set light to it and there has already been a minor earthquake caused by it . 
  also i 'll make the point that fracking is a very very new technology , and like when nuclear was a very new technology , much more potentially unpredictable and likely to go wrong . 
  frankly , fracking is being lobbied to hell by those whose pockets will be lined by it way before adequate studies into how it can affect things . 
  there really is concerning lack of concern by those pushing it , into how it can affect the enviroment . 
  i 'm sure it can be done safely , but i highly doubt they will ignore sites where it can be a possibility - they have n't already . 
  forgive me for not trusting in the motives of those doing the fracking . 
  well , to me that looks like promoting a very vague set of fears in a similar manner as is often done regarding nuclear power . 
  see how easy it is : * `` yep , but storing highly radioactive nuclear waste in underground tunnels is a hard to predict process . 
  a new generation solar panels on the other hand is . 
  people 's drinking water has already been poisoned with radiation and large areas have been rendered uninhabitable . 
  also i 'll make the point that storing nuclear waste is a new technology , much more potentially unpredictable and likely to go wrong . 
  frankly , nuclear power is being lobbied to hell by those whose pockets will be lined by it way before adequate studies into how it can affect things . 
  there really is concerning lack of concern by those pushing it , into how it can affect the enviroment . 
  i 'm sure it can be done safely , but i highly doubt they will ignore sites where it can be a possibility - they have n't already . 
  forgive me for not trusting in the motives of nuclear industry . 
  '' * do not look like very convincing arguments to me . 
  while i 'm sure nuclear industry and hydraulic fracturing both have examples which deserve critisism for their failures , i do not apply that wholesale to all of it because that would be disingenious . 
  a failure in chernobyl is not a failure of all nuclear industry , and a failure in virginia is not a failure of fracking everywhere else . 
  to hold those as examples and to claim that failures are 1 ) unavoidable or more vaguely 2 ) unpredictable everywhere is fearmongering . 
  btw , hydraulic fracturing is actually about as old or new techique as nuclear power is . 
  the first time it was used was 1947 , and commercially 1949 . 
  reminds me of this : [ russian town gets fake makeover for putin visit ] ( http://observers.france24.com/content/20131211-putin-potemkin-villages-russia-suzdal ), 
  i think shale gas and fracking suffer from similar level of misinformation and baseless fears as nuclear power . 
  there are examples for both gone wrong . 
  but touting those cases as typical or unavoidable is fearmongering . 
  it is possible to do fracking without ` poisoning our aquifers ' or earthquakes , just as it is possible to have safe nuclear plants . 
  just for the record , here 's putin 's views on gas ( and oil ) from the [ transcript ] ( http://eng.kremlin.ru/transcripts/7034 ) :  maria sittel : more from anxious pensioners . 
  `` if the west refuses to purchase gas from russia , how will that affect people 's well-being , especially that of pensioners ? '' -- lyudmila budarina , tambov region . 
   vladimir putin : i have to say that oil and gas revenues make up a large part of the russian budget revenue . 
  this is a serious component for us in addressing economic development , budget funding for our development programmes and , of course , and meeting of our social commitments to our citizens . 
   i 'll tell you what . 
  i am not sure that i 'll get the figures right , but , if my memory serves me correctly , the bulk of oil and gas revenue comes not from gas but from oil . 
  in terms of the dollar equivalent , our oil revenues last year amounted to $ 191-194 billion and gas revenues to about $ 28 billion . 
  see the difference ? 
  191 from oil and 28 from gas . 
   oil is sold on world markets . 
  is there any way to do us harm ? 
  one may try . 
  but what would be the result for those who would attempt to do it ? 
  first of all , how would this be done ? 
  of all the countries in the world , only saudi arabia has the real potential to increase production and thus bring down world prices . 
  saudi arabia 's budget assumes a price of $ 85 - $ 90 per thousand cubic metres . 
   kirill kleymenov : president obama has already visited them . 
   vladimir putin : i 'm sorry , i meant oil , not gas . 
  the budget assumes a price of $ 85 - $ 90 per barrel , and our budget , i think , $ 90 .
