   thank you for sharing your views !, 
  at first i was disgusted that the doctor agreed , but quickly realized that since there is no way of performing a virginity test that it was obvious that the doctor knew this and was performing a fake test to protect the girls . 
  one of the doctors , the one wearing a headscarf while in practice , actually offers to sew the girl up for the wedding night . 
  another doctor , who says she has performed hundreds of virginity checks , describes how checks were done when she still was in iraq : over there they need no less than three different doctors to do it before a virginity certificate can be given . 
  so , no , i do n't think these doctors are faking it . 
  they actually believe in the bullshit and are actually performing these fucked up insane virginity tests . 
  watch the documentary , it 's pretty informative . 
   are the doctors also over zealous conservative christians ? 
  if you watch the full documentary one of the doctors is a woman wearing a headscarf while in practice , so she 's probably a muslim . 
  she says she has done virginity checks before to girls from iraq and saudi-arabia . 
  she is willing to perform a virginity check to the iranian girl ( played by an actress ) even as the girl is obviously against it and vocally protesting . 
  and when the girl runs away the doctor offers to her aunt ( again an actress ) that with a simple procedure she could sew the girl up for the wedding night . 
  some really fucked up stuff right there . 
  another doctor says she has performed hundreds of virginity checks . 
  she also tells how checks were done when she still was in iraq : over there they need no less than three different doctors to do it before a virginity certificate can be given . 
  the funny thing is : it 's all based on myths . 
  the whole idea of a checking the hymen has no basis in anatomy nor reality . 
  it 's based on fictional anatomy as there actually is no such thing as hymen , and it 's impossible to verify if someone has had sex at some point in their life by looking at vagina . 
  everything about this terrible practice is really fucked up insane . 
  yup . 
  noticed the same . 
  if you watch the full documentary one of the doctors is a woman wearing a headscarf while in practice , so she 's probably a muslim . 
  she says she has done virginity checks before to girls from iraq and saudi-arabia . 
  she is willing to perform a virginity check to the iranian girl ( played by an actress ) even as the girl is obviously against it and vocally protesting . 
  and when the girl runs away the doctor offers to her aunt ( again an actress ) that with a simple procedure she could * sew the girl up * for the wedding night . 
  some really fucked up stuff right there . 
  another doctor says she has performed hundreds of virginity checks . 
  she also tells how checks were done while she still was in iraq : over there they need no less than three different doctors to do it before a virginity certificate can be given . 
  the funny thing is : it 's all based on myths . 
  the whole idea of a checking the hymen has no basis in anatomy nor reality . 
  it 's based on fictional anatomy as there actually is no such thing as hymen , and it 's impossible to verify if someone has had sex at some point in their life by looking at vagina . 
  everything about this terrible practice is really fucked up insane . 
  indeed . 
  it 's all based on myths . 
  the whole idea of a checking the hymen has no basis in anatomy nor reality . 
  it 's based on fictional anatomy as there actually is no such thing as hymen , and it 's impossible to verify if someone has had sex at some point in their life by looking at vagina . 
  i was able to watch it from here , and the documentary is also linked in the posted article so i think it 's also available from uk . 
  some comments by kimi r\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen : reporter : what is your favorite part of the race ? 
  - the start . 
  reporter : your least favorite ? 
  - right now . 
  reporter : you got a new tattoo . 
  is it permanent ? 
  - i do n't know . 
  reporter : would you go to any other team than ferrari ? 
  - probably not . 
  reporter : surely not ? 
  - i said probably not . 
  lewis hamilton said that the first gp victory felt better than sex . 
  - perhaps he has never had sex . 
  reporter : the helmets have a special meaning for drivers . 
  what does it mean for you ? 
  - it protects my head . 
  reporter : many drivers have a helmet-related rituals . 
  do you ? 
  - i wipe it , so i can see better . 
  kimi drove to victory in abu dhabi in 2012 . 
  team yelled instructions to earbuds . 
  - just leave me alone . 
  i know what i 'm doing . 
  reporter : what advice would you give to newcomers nico rosberg and scott speed ? 
  - i hope they are good to give way reporter : what is the fifth place in the grid like ? 
  - it 's the fifth place in the grid . 
  reporter : how are the tires ? 
  - well , they 're spinning . 
  reporter : are you satisfied with the result ( kimi was left without points ) ? 
  - do you think i am ? 
  reporter : how much weight have you lost before the start of the season ? 
  - i do n't know , i do n't have a scale . 
  reporter : what you can do in finland ? 
  - well , in the summer you can fish and fuck - but in the winter , fishing is a little bad . 
  reporter : do you think you 're a good neigbor ? 
  - i 'm a perfect neighbor . 
  i 'm never home . 
  reporter : do you have any hobbies ? 
  - i collect nuts . 
  reporter : what are the things that make you angry in normal life ? 
  - this kind of questions . 
  kimi missed the ceremony , where pele handed the award to michael schumacher for his career . 
  martin brundle asked him why on live tv . 
  - i was having a shit, 
  yes it 's important to understand that this does not concern just one single religion . 
  `` sara '' , a christian , is one example and such practices do happen to girls in islam , too . 
  in the documentary we have an actress pretending to be an immigrant from iran , and a doctor ( apparently a muslim because wearing headscarf in job ) saying that she has done such virginity checks to girls from iraq and saudi-arabia - and even offers to sew the actress up for the wedding night . 
  yet the practice of checking the condition of the mythical hymen is not limited to only those countries . 
  it 's wide-spread and practiced in many places around the world from indonesia to middle-east to africa , and in some places in europe too . 
  well , i have not blamed anything . 
   blame the region , culture , etc. 
  the interesting thing is that virginity check practices are not located to just some specific regions but are widely practiced in many parts of the world from indonesia to middle-east to africa , and even in some places in europe . 
  i 'd say it 's a cultural thing mixed with religion , and not just one single religion but happens with many . 
  the victim `` sara '' is actually from iraq . 
   it takes less than a minute to read through . 
  yeah , and that 's exactly the problem with article . 
  the article is based on this documentary by swedish tv4 : http://www.tv4play.se/program/kalla-fakta?video_id=3209750 and i have to say the article does pretty poor job at condensing the documentary into a news piece . 
  just for one example the article does not mention that the victim `` sara '' is actually from iraq . 
  to add to that : the victim `` sara '' is christian girl from iraq . 
  it 's stated in the documetary the article is based on but for some reason the article does not mention that fact . 
  the victim `` sara '' mentioned in the article is actually from iraq  `` sara '' said she was forced to get engaged to her cousin when she was just 13 by her deeply christian family and her parents made her undergo a virginity test at 15 . 
  i do n't know why the article fails to mention it but if you watch the documentary the article is based on the fact that `` sara '' is from iraq is mentioned about 14 minutes in : http://www.tv4play.se/program/kalla-fakta?video_id=3209750, 
   this has , to the best of our knowledge , nothing to do with middle easterners .
