   this would also kick them out of the picture and make this a completely european problem ? 
  no , it would not . 
  the last repayments to the imf are due 2024 . 
  so , even if you paid the current imf arrears they would still be around for years to come . 
  also , that 's the way it should be , and the eurogroup would ** never ** accept leaving the imf out the picture . 
  never . 
  the imf is involved in the first place as not the eu nor the ez has the muscle/authority needed to deal with things such as audits ect . 
  when the euro was formed the original idea was that the ez would have more muscle but after some countries were like ` muh sovereignity ' those were eventually dropped from the treaty . 
  which was a big mistake enabling greece to happen in the first place . 
  that bbc graphic shows just the ownership . 
  here 's a wsj graphic with the repayment profile : http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ the page is informative with relevant graphs and tables , but here 's [ an importart screengrab . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rkoxk2q.png ) as one can easily see it is not the efsf loans ( from the second bailout ) nor the bilateral loans from the ez countries ( from the first bailout ) that are the problem as their repayment starts only years in the future . 
  and even as those loans have low interest rates the profits are given back to greece . 
  so those loans are hardly the reason for greece 's problems servicing its debts , and restructuring them now is not the solution either . 
  it is obvious the immediate problem are the repayments to the imf , the ecb and the t-bill holders ( i assume they 're mostly greek banks , please correct if i 'm wrong ) . 
  of those : * imf , while supporting debt restructuring , is bound by its rules and can not and will not restructure its loans . 
  * also the ecb is bound by its rules and can not and will not restructure its loans . 
  * that leaves only the t-bill owners . 
  and if my assumption they 're mostly greek banks is correct then after restructuring those with a haircut the banks and by extension the greek savings ( if there are any left ) would be fucked . 
  so , perhaps those proposing that the four biggest banks in greece should be merged to only two are onto something : [ exclusive : greek banks face closures , bailout or not - sources ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/08/us-eurozone-greece-bankclosures-iduskcn0pi2ki20150708 ), 
   tl ; dr : rejecting the fault only on syriza is caricatural and outright wrong , even if some of their first declarations certainly did n't help . 
  declining to work with the technocrats , whose work is not only necessary but vital in fleshing out the necessary details , was solely syriza 's call and no-one else 's . 
  and i 'm not sure if i understand your objection to that . 
  what has happened in the negotiations is another issue and albeit related should not be confused as you seem to be doing . 
  and when negotiations fail both sides do have their part of the responsibility for the failure . 
  see ? 
  i 'm pointing out syrizas sole responsibilty for one thing , and at the same time pointing out the responsibility of also others for some other things . 
  that is not a contradiction , just as you can walk and chew gum at the same time . 
  indeed . 
  here 's another issue that many seem to be confused about : when people talk about debt relief , debt restructuring , or debt haircut it would be helpful to define which loans are being discussed . 
  merely saying ` debts ' does not cut it because greece 's debt profile varies by loan and debtor . 
  for example , immediate debt relief from the eurogroup would not make sense because the repayments of the efsf loans are supposed to start only in 2020 , and restructuring those debts would not improve greece 's ability to service its debt now . 
  so , if we were to address greece 's current issues we should look at other debts with more pressing repayment profiles . 
  alas , the imf loans , which are the most pressing ones , can not be restructured as per the imf rules . 
  same thing with the ecb loans . 
  and the question becomes what debts there is to be restructured ? 
   according to the article , dijsselbloem would have been quoted in beginning february as telling varoufakis `` either you sign what is right now on the table , or we sink your banks . '', 
  and scha\u00fcble would have asked tsipras before even the first rounds of negotiations `` how much do you ask for a grexit ? '', 
  i 'm confused . 
  are you saying that greece did what it did in january because of what dijsselbloem allegdly said in february ? 
  does not compute . 
   about the troika , syriza 's campaign promise was to negotiate on a political level , not with technocrats , aka the troika . 
  they also said to stop working with troika technocrats which was one of the first things they did after entering power in january . 
  they did it on their own volition and that they were somehow forced by someone else is not what happened . 
  are you saying greece refused the technical work with the relevant technocrats in january because others forced them to do it ? 
  you do know that getting rid of the troika was one of syriza 's campaign promises ? 
  could you please be more specific ? 
  what exactly are the articles you refer to ? 
  if it 's about greece we do have a megathread for the topic . 
  and what i have seen as a reader is that posting things such as op-eds , often repeatedly , as new posts instead of as comments in the megathreads may lead to quick downvotes . 
   you have no right to downvote a link submission , * shakes head in disbelief *, 
   the sharp increase at the end of the year is due to higher energy price inflation supported by strong base effects . 
  core inflation is also expected to go slightly higher but the jump is mainly driven by higher energy price inflation . 
  meanwhile the oil prices remain volatile and have fallen back to levels last seen in march . 
  [ ecb haircut guide ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cjde5vuwuae-ifd.jpg ), 
  carmen reinhart , co-author of the book * this time is different : eight centuries of financial folly * , discusses the possible implications of a grexit in her interesting op-ed piece : [ what greece can expect ] ( http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-07-09/what-greece-can-expect )  but if exit happens , and forcible conversion of deposits follows , the setback to greece 's economy is likely to be both large and long-lived . 
  she also gave a relevant interview on bloomberg , video : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2015-07-09/what-greece-can-expect-carmen-reinhart, 
  they hired a person to do a different job ? 
  not sure how that 's relevant . 
  the technical work involves dealing with , clarifying , and resolving thousands upon thousands of details , regulations and , well , technicalities . 
  that 's the job the technocrats do . 
   the only debt that can be legally cut is that held by the eurozone . 
  in fact not even that can be legally cut as that would break relevant treaties . 
   i wonder how in 6 months , no such help was provided , probably because greece refused the technical work with the relevant technocrats . 
  january : [ greece 's finance minister vows to shun officials from troika ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jan/30/greece-finance-minister-yanis-varoufakis-shun-officials-troika )  yanis varoufakis says new government will refuse to engage with auditors from the eu , the european central bank and the international monetary fund . 
  march : [ draghi urged greece to allow troika back before it 's late ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-03-09/draghi-urged-greece-to-allow-officials-back-before-it-s-too-late )  `` the troika is a cabal of technocrats that used to arrive in athens and enter the ministries with a kind of power play that smacked of a colonial attitude , '' varoufakis said at a press conference after the meeting . 
  `` that practice is finished . 
  we shall endeavor to do whatever it takes to provide the institutions with whatever information they need . '' ...  greece wo n't get any more cash from its 240 billion-euro ( $ 258 billion ) rescue program until its official creditors are satisfied that tsipras is committed to all the economic fixes needed to meet its conditions , dijsselbloem said . 
   it 's impossible for greece 's creditors to adequately audit the government 's accounts without sending officials to athens , a troika official said . 
  the government would need to fly hundreds of greek officials to brussels for the work to be done there , he added . 
  good to hear they have now allowed technocrats from france to provide the vital technical assistance . 
  he 's not blaming tsipras for that policy . 
  well , it does n't necessarily have to go that deep into detail . 
  but so far the new greek plans have been lacking on that front . 
  i do n't know why that is as they have had months to have their technocrats to flesh it out and earn their salaries . 
  maybe vagueness was a purposeful strategy by the v-man ? 
  and now has changed ? 
  well , you can take a look at the relevant documents related to the expired second bailout program over here : http://www.imf.org/external/country/grc/index.htm they 're typically hundreds of pages long . 
  [ a page just for an example ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pnnjqoz.png ), 
   this was the last published proposal . 
  yes , i 've read it as have the relevant officials . 
  and as i , and the relevant officials said : a plan needs details . 
  for example , saying * i 'm going to visit myanmar * is not a plan to get there . 
  it 's an idea , and the real plan is in fleshing out all the relevant details in a very concrete manner of how and when to get there . 
  it is resolving those excruciating details that will get me there , not stating the idea of wanting to go there . 
   the latest ( yet unpublished ) proposal was submitted this morning at the ecb . 
  and i surely hope it 's more than a list of ideas . 
   i refused to believe that since the `` europeans '' keep saying that the greeks bring no deal , they did n't say that they bring weak or bad deals am i right ? 
  they have been very clear about the problem of greece 's plans lacking the necessary details . 
  without such details there 's no way of evaluating them . 
  presenting vague ideas or intentions as plans does not cut it when actual plans with details are what is needed . 
  yes . 
  also on ft with a short analysis : http://blogs.ft.com/brusselsblog/2015/07/08/leaked-greeces-new-bailout-request-letter/  first of all , greece is seeking a three-year programme and not a two-year bailout that was requested last week . 
  the international monetary fund has estimated a three-year programme could cost as much as $ 70bn . 
   yes they did , but they were refused . 
  and the reason was the lack of specifics . 
  a plan is not just a vague statement of your intentions . 
  a plan has concrete details which then can be evaluted . 
  i mean , if you actually go and read the plans related to the expired second bailout they include hundreds of pages of those crucial details . 
  he said :  i am talking about a precise plan .
