  many relevant aspects of it have been revealed only relatively recently ( such as the soviet nukes ) . 
  and there certainly is relevant information that has not been made public , and we still do n't know all about it . 
  but i do n't think pointing out the presence of the soviet nukes is `` trivializing '' - to the contrary imo . 
  as you say yourself they made the crisis much more dangerous . 
   since the decision of launching these missiles was in the hand of the local commanders the usa would inadvertently triggered a nuclear war . 
  just adding a relevant distinction to that : it is more likely the local soviet command would have used the tactical nukes they had in cruise missiles ( fkr ) , rockets ( 2k6 luna , 9k52 luna-m ) or bombers ( il-28 modified for nukes ) used on invasion than their strategic nukes in the soviet medium-range ballistic missiles attacking the us cities . 
  but using tactical nukes could easily have led to escalation . 
  and even without an escalation to a global thermonuclear war cuba would have been glassed . 
  it was recless to have the local soviet commanders with nukes , even as khrushchev did try and keep the command for himself and eventually did revoke pliyev 's tactical nuke control the guy still had the cruise missiles armed with nukes . 
  luckily castro had no command on launching of the nukes . 
  he was a fatalist convinced that cuba would be glassed anyway and urged for a first strike . 
  a quote from castro :  `` i would have agreed to the use of nuclear weapons . 
  because , in any case , we took it for granted that it would become a nuclear war anyway ... 
  i would have agreed , in the event of the invasion that you are talking about , with the use of tactical nuclear weapons ... 
  i wish we had had the tactical nuclear weapons . 
  it would have been wonderful . '', 
  * cuba on the brink * , blight , allyn , welch a relevant clip from a very very good documentary * fog of war * : [ mcnamara meets with castro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctufbc4qqmg ), 
   the imf 's plans include a more than 50 % cut to pensions , you probably have a good citation for that . 
  because i havent heard the imf planning such , and the imf does n't seem to say so : [ fifth review under the extended arrangement under the extended fund facility ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2014/cr14151.pdf ) read from there what the pension reforms , to which greece had already agreed to , have actually been about . 
  did you know that the evil imf has actually prevented greece from cutting the smallest pensions ? 
  because the pension system reforms never were about cutting the small pensions but did include cuts to the highest . 
  yup , the soviets had not only few but 158 nukes deployed in cuba . 
  most of them were tactical nukes but also incuded strategic warheads of megatons . 
  historian alex wellerstein has an interesting blogpost about that : [ about those nukes in cuba ... . 
  ] ( http://blog.nuclearsecrecy.com/2012/10/25/about-those-nukes-in-cuba/ ), 
   luciano fontana : one last question . 
  what is your biggest regret in life ? 
  what do you consider a mistake that you would never want to make again ? 
   vladimir putin : i will be quite frank with you . 
  i can not recollect anything of the kind . 
  by the grace of god , i have nothing to regret in my life . 
  iow thanks to god putin has not made mistakes which implies perfect judgement . 
  or god has made putin forget his mistakes and he can not recollect anything of the kind . 
   schulz did n't vote which is suspicious martin schulz is the president of the european parliament . 
  i do n't know what the relevant protocol is in the ep but in some national parliaments the president/chairman does not participate in voting . 
  little known fact : christopher lee volunteered to fight for finland in the winter war , and he did serve in the volunteer corps - albeit his unit was kept away from the front lines and did n't participate in fighting . 
   breeding is a source of pollution because the meat consumption is too high . 
  what do you mean too high ? 
  as long as demand and supply meet it is just right . 
  of course , we as consumers could reduce the demand by eating far less meat , which would lead to diminishing livestocks and smaller enviromental impacts of animal husbandry ( and to desperate farmers ) . 
  but for alleviating the enviromental impacts also lab-grown meat seems to have potential . 
   that being said , one last point : can they make as many type of meat as an animal can ? 
  comming from a country where we like food and see it as a pleasure more than a necessity : will we be able to produce an high diversity of meat ? 
  i do n't think the technology is there yet , and you 'll have to wait for lab-grown premium cuts for quite some time . 
  but it 's not impossible . 
  i 'd expect lab-grown meat to debut mainly in processed food products , and probably in minced meat etc. 
  afaik the cutting edge is currently at growing fat cells among the muscle cells to add juiciness and flavour . 
  it 's also pretty cool that then you get to choose the fatty acids creating healthier meat . 
  [ cost of lab-grown burger patty drops from $ 325,000 to $ 11.36 ] ( http://www.sciencealert.com/lab-grown-burger-patty-cost-drops-from-325-000-to-12 ) the trend is towards cheaper lab-grown meat . 
  that does not mean it is yet ready for mass production but it is reasonable to expect it will be at some point in the future . 
   furthermore , breeding is a key component of agriculture , in term of land use or in complex agronomic system ( feed the animals , use of manure , etc ) growing farm animals for meat is an inefficient method of producting animal proteins , and it also comes with big enviromental impacts in terms of land usage , water usage , ghg emissions etc. 
  it is true that sometimes the land usage impact is hoped for , for example when using grazing animals to maintain a biotope in order to preserve it . 
  and while lab-grown meat is more efficient i do n't think it will ever lead to complete disappearance of farm animals as they do have also other uses besides just producing meat . 
  i get what you mean but just wanted to add : cloning does not always mean reproductive cloning as in cloning a human carbon copy individual . 
  cloning techniques have been used in creating human stem cells : [ stem cells made by cloning adult humans - cell lines made by two separate teams could boost the prospects of patient-specific therapies . 
  ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/stem-cells-made-by-cloning-adult-humans-1.15107 ) and those patient-specific stem cells might be then used to make patient-specific replacement tissues or organs . 
  more research needed . 
  ... as of now . 
  growing raw beef instead of feeding and taking care of whole animals could very well become the cheaper method in the future . 
  also :  the reasons for this are essentially ethical . 
  around 77 per cent of european citizens fear that institutionalising cloning would inevitably lead to its use on human beings . 
  yeah , let us all fear that , and ban something else instead . 
  because who would like to eat meat from cloned animals ? 
  additionally , in order to evaluate mrs sommer 's claims we 'd need the studies and/or data she is referring to . 
  i think the data may be a bit limited as there has been limited number of cloned farm animals so far , and cloning techniques are only under development . 
   studies show that clones and their descendants have a much higher mortality rate than normal breeds . 
  [ citation needed ] the mortality among farm animals is 100 % anyway . 
  but that 's probably not what she means . 
  so what does she mean ? 
  how much is `` much higher '' ? 
  and as that is a * relative * comparison how much are the absolute rates in cloned and non-cloned animals ? 
  and how does that compare to other commonly used technologies such as artificial insemination , embryo transfer , and in vitro fertilization ? 
  should we ban some of those too ? 
   they die - often painfully - from cardiovascular failure , immuno-deficiencies , liver failure , respiratory problems , kidney dysfunctions and musculoskeletal abnormalities . 
  [ citation needed ] i do n't think only clones die of illnesses but also farm animals in general . 
  and surely the amount of pain depends on care and slaughter methods . 
  but again : how often that happens ? 
   the surrogate mothers are particularly affected . 
  they suffer , for example , from placenta dysfunctions which contribute to increased levels of miscarriages . 
  [ citation needed ] again sounds like an oversimplification . 
  how much is the `` increased levels of miscarriages '' and at which point of pregnancy they tend to happen ? 
  how does that compare to other commonly used technologies such as artificial insemination , embryo transfer , and in vitro fertilization ? 
   what is more , surrogate dams have to undergo extensive hormonal treatment , undermining their general wellbeing and involving the use of drugs . 
  [ citation needed ] `` involving the use of drugs '' . 
  the horror , the horror . 
  let 's declare a war on drugs . 
  but seriously , using hormones on farm animals does pose its problems but that depends on what hormones are used and how . 
  so what hormones are used ? 
  how `` extensively '' ? 
  and what are the risks do they pose ? 
  and how does that compare to other commonly used technologies such as artificial insemination , embryo transfer , and in vitro fertilization ? 
   given that the success rate of current cloning techniques is less than 10 per cent , the suffering inflicted on animal clones can certainly not be justified , especially as there is no need for cloning in europe as we can meet our demand for meat through traditional breeding techniques . 
  well , if there is no need for cloning then there wo n't be need to ban it either , because there would n't be cloning happening . 
  additionally the techniques are developing rapidly , their success rates are getting better , and it is silly to propose a ban on cloning based on the * current * success rates . 
  it is only reasonable to expect that with techniques getting better the success rates will be better and the probability of complications lower . 
  additionally , here 's what the fda says about the complications : http://www.fda.gov/animalveterinary/safetyhealth/animalcloning/ucm055513.htm  what can go wrong with cloning ? 
   ** there are no complications that are unique to cloning . 
  the problems seen in clones are also seen in animals born from natural mating or arts . 
  they seem to happen more often in clones for a number of reasons that probably have to do with parts of the procedure that occur outside the body . 
  ** the embryo may fail to develop properly during the in vitro stage or early on after transfer to the surrogate and may be flushed out of the uterus .
