  islam is very clear what it is about : * subjugation * . 
  i mean , that 's even the name of the ideology , and that already should make it clear what 's the point . 
  try reforming it , and it is not islam any more . 
  basically : if you do n't like fascism or nazism , then you should have little reason to appreciate the ideology of islam either . 
  it 's a proto-fascist ideology invented by an iron-age warlord instructing to establish an oppressive authoritarian rule , while step by step murdering or enslaving your opposition , in order to subjugate everyone under his rule while claiming it 's the word of god and anyone questioning should be killed . 
  yet of course there 's also things of grasiousness and charity instructed too in that subjugation . 
  and hitler established animal welfare legislation , so he ca n't be all bad person either . 
  now , nazies did terrible things with their horrible ideology , but even the fucking natzies did n't kill you for merely leaving the nazi party . 
  in islam , according to their god or the warlord claiming to be a spokesman , if you leave islam you should be murdered and that is how god wills it . 
  so , one can only enter islam but never leave it . 
  the ideology is a one way door . 
  never mind all the other shit that warlord claimed as a word of god . 
  and what that guy claimed is ment to be taken literally in islam . 
  all the bullshit by that guy is to be taken as the word of god , immaculate , not to be questioned . 
  how the fuck would you reform any of that ? 
  the stuff the warlord came up with is either 100 % of word of god as he claimed , or it 's all bullshit . 
  there 's little room for compromise there . 
  i mean , just look at what muslims are killing each other for . 
  the disagreements between shias and sunnis are miniscule if compared to those of say lutherism/catholism/orthodox which all very much disagree even on the basic principles . 
  how far gone must a person be when even the concept of self-defence has become something moronic ? 
  reality , and history , says people actually are responsible for defending themselves - both individually and collectively . 
  the peoples who failed to do that are now gone , and you can only learn of their existence by whatever small fragments was left behind . 
  while you may choose not to defend yourself , for whatever strange reasons , i will always defend myself , my loved ones , and by extension my country . 
   then how come bill gates gets to call himself sir william gates , knight commander of the british empire ? 
  basically he can call himself whatever he wants . 
  you can can call yourself whatever you want , too . 
  bill gates is indeed entitled to use the letters kbe after his name as he has received the honour ` knight commander of the order of the british empire ' , which is * an honour * and not a title : https://www.gov.uk/honours/types-of-honours-and-awards and that does not entitle him to refer to himself as a sir . 
  kbe is an honour , not a title . 
  bit like receiving an honorary doctorhood from a university does not make you a doctor , or like elvis as honorary sheriff did not make him a policeman . 
   yeah you can add a lot of tories and ukiper 's to that as well . 
  okay , let 's add up all the people you have proposed so far : x + y + z = how many ? 
  and what exactly * is * your method of selection ? 
  is it just your personal subjective opinion ? 
  please do explain so we can have some actual numbers to consider . 
  facts . 
  they are worth of consideration . 
   when debating about leaving the eu they talked about the commonwealth being there savior , that is harping back to the days of empire , a lot of the english population have a rose tinted view about what the empire done around the world and actually think it was a good thing . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're aware of the fact that the commonwealth of nations is not the same as the empire . 
  but i do think that most people who discussed the commonwealth are aware of the distinction - because otherwise they would have talked about the empire and not about the commonwealth , which are different . 
  granted , there 's no distinction in your mind , apparently . 
   remember the uk parliament still has vestiges of the empire elitism ingrained in it with the upper house having many many peer whose only qualification is they inherited the title of lord from there father . 
  ah , you 've found the smoking gun . 
  it 's empires all the way down !, 
   a section of the population, 
  what is it with this obsession about the british empire that some commentators seem to have ? 
  it 's anachronist and misplaced . 
  it 's difficult to imagine how they go about their lives while being obsessed with things long not existing . 
  yet they publicly set questions to themselves and proceed to explain them with things that are not there . 
  it might come as a shock to this individual that actually the uk is not obsessed with the long gone empire , and that the person actually obsessed by it is him for reasons unknown . 
  what we now write \\ #twitterheadlines amazing to see how journalism has evolved . 
  what a fucking disgrace . 
  the moment zie uk votes out they get pokemon go . 
  eu , you 're failing the rest of us . 
  therefore , as soon as possible or within the next 18 months , if there are no objections , we should form a 28 ( 27 ) member committee to convene in brussels , provided with the necessary high pay due to urgency of the matter and to cover the exceedingly high costs of living decently in brussels , in order to evaluate the game , and , if it indeed is proven not to cause any tumors in hamsters , and after all objections with contrarian research by marginal persons calling themselves scientists have all been thouroughly evaluated and replicated in vain only to see that the only harm caused to hamsters was by the marginal researchers themselves , then , if a final consesus has indeed been achieved within the committee of 28 ( 27 ) members , to proceed and present their findings to the eu commission and to the eu parliament . 
  the last time we tried what we 're currently doing ended into a total disaster . 
  yeah , globalisation , free trade & investment , global economic integration and mass migration provided huge profits - huge , like never seen before - but that was reaped by the elite . 
  energy was cheap , raw materials were cheap , and labour was cheap and was kept so with class structures , social and economic inequality , and with mass immigration which kept wages dirt low ( try striking when you can get replaced by an imported worker eager to take over your job ) . 
  that sweet period of profitable globalisation ended with the disaster of the wwi and the related social , political and economic upheavals that followed . 
  of course , some of the post-globalisation upheavals were beneficial and some long warranted societal changes did take place . 
  yet not all of that upheaval was good and thanks to the ills of globalisation we also got communist revolutionaries and then fascists as a reaction . 
  i see many parallels in what we 're currently doing . 
  those times they had empires , in a way so do we and we are even eager to grow them even if we do n't choose to call them empires . 
  they were dependend on open sea lanes and the related sea power to keep it that way , and so are we . 
  they were interdependent and mistakenly believed economic integration would guarantee peace , and so do we . 
  they made huge profits which were mostly reaped by the elite , just like today . 
  they believed the future is one big profit-fest of ever increasing globalisation , and so do we . 
  they imported workforce pushing down wages , and it 's happening again . 
  they imposed controls on the media , and so we see today albeit one huge difference is that in those days there was n't such huge media to echo their message as today . 
  i 'm not one of those who believes that history magically repeats itself , but in contemporary trends i do n't see much preventing that either . 
  additionally globalisation is not by any means irreversible . 
  after all , it changed in the past and might just as well change in future . 
  the trend during past one or two decades has been increasingly to simply forget the losers of globalisation as if they do n't exist or as if it 's their own fault because they 're stupid or simply just losers ( `` idiots '' , `` wrong side of history '' , `` uneducated '' , `` racists '' , `` old '' etc ) . 
  if the contemporary trends of elite reaping the benefits and losers getting forgotten and ostracised continues it will become like a pressure cooker and the likelyhood of a backlash will rise over time . 
  and no , i do n't mean violent revolution as obviously the losers of globalisation are not violent to do that . 
  yet the probabiity of political upheavals keeps on rising . 
   that 's the answer : it 's simply normal . 
  ah , so you had no actual reasoning behind it at all . 
  you did not think about it and you editorialized it just because you consider you editorializing something is `` normal '' , and even asking about it is `` unnecessary '' to you . 
  thank you for your straight albeit unneccessarily passive aggressive answer . 
  look , i asked you a simple question . 
  i did not ask what someone else did . 
  i did not ask what you believe is `` perfectly fine '' . 
  you 're the one who composed the title of your post . 
  you 're the op . 
  you . 
  i asked you why did you editorialize the title ? 
  you . 
  why ? 
  the organization which put saudi arabia as the head of their human rights council ? 
  the country with nothing short of appalling track record on that ? 
  sure , un , you go ahead and criticise . 
  why the hell anyone should be compelled to listen to you - one of the most corrupt international organizations on earth - is a different matter . 
  i do n't care about their tweets . 
  i asked why you chose to editorialize the title . 
  why the editorialized title ? 
  the original headline is : europe 's generation gap, 
  the map incudes all taxes and levies . 
  yup . 
  i thought that 's a pretty basic common sense service to provide for consumers . 
  and i find it hard to beli\u00ebve they do n't have price comparison services in denmark .
