  `` other parts of the norwegian economy are benefiting from a weak krone , low rates and an expected moderate wage formation . 
  seafood , tourism and these types of industries are having a fantastic time . '', 
   well if the palestinians get aid to start their own economy that has worked so well so far . 
  after the billions eu has already given their economy is booming . 
  nah , the monies [ mysteriously disappeared ] ( http://www.thesundaytimes.co.uk/sto/news/world_news/middle_east/article1326858.ece ) instead . 
   # 1.95 bn eu aid lost in palestine  billions of euros in european aid to the palestinians may have been misspent , squandered or lost to corruption , according to a damning report by the european court of auditors , the luxembourg-based watchdog . 
  per capita is the relevant comparison here . 
  does n't look like very successful idea as russia 's manufacturing pmi is below 50 , and manufacturing production has been decreasing for a year already . 
  it 's not only opec countries that need to cooperate but opec will need other oil producers too . 
  the problem with that is that it 's unlikely to happen in the near future . 
  the us wildcatters wo n't collectively agree to any production cuts - that would be like herding cats . 
  and the last time opec tried that with russia ( 2008-9 ) they got promises of cuts to russian production but russia betrayed its promises grabbing some market share instead . 
  in 1998 mexico 's cooperation with opec was crucial . 
  and it 's probably no accident that recently saudis have been active in warming up relations with mexico promising investments into mexican oil industry . 
  yet that does not change the fact that the true swing producers now are the us wildcatters . 
  when the prices go up they will react very swiftly ramping up their production until the prices go down again . 
  they are the ones that keep the ceiling on oil prices for years to come . 
  the only question is who keeps the floor ? 
   well , the article you linked report 4 % increase between 2014 and 2015 . 
  and if you look at the trend , it has barely changed since the last 5 years . 
  yet if your previous claim was correct there should be a decrease and not a 4 % increase . 
  additionally , the oil prices were at historical high during most of those last 5 years yet as you say the trend did n't change much even with the very high oil prices . 
  looks like there has been little correlation between the oil price and investment into renewables . 
  and i think there are other bigger factors driving the investment . 
   is raising production to maximum levels saudi production is not at maximum levels , they still have spare capacity . 
   and ignoring every request to do something to increase prices do what exactly ? 
  opec has no power to set prices any more . 
  and if opec cuts their production that will only lead to opec losing even more of their market share . 
  it 's free market in action now . 
   natural ? 
  it 's the previous state of things with artificially propped up prices that was unnatural . 
   when oil prices are low , you have little to no incentives to look for alternatives . 
  renewable energies loses traction too . 
  i do n't think that 's entirely true , because : [ as oil crashed , renewables attract record $ 329 billion . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-14/renewables-drew-record-329-billion-in-year-oil-prices-crashed ), 
  that 's not so simple either as the players are hedged against the risks . 
  the hedges of course vary , and those with their hedges already expiring will be the first in trouble . 
   saudis increased oil output by 0.55 million barrel per day in 2015 ( from 9.64 to 10.20 ) actually by 0.34 mbpd . 
  their production was 9.73 in q1/15 and 10.07 in q4/15 . 
  and that 's less than half of the iraqi production increase . 
   the fall of shale oil producers is closer and closer ... 
  they wo n't go anywhere . 
  they 'll become more efficient . 
  necessity is the mother of innovation , and there 's plenty of room for that . 
  there will be less new wells drilled this year , but drilling wo n't stop . 
  as some of the legacy wells get depleted the us production will fall somewhat this year . 
  the estimates by how much vary but about 500,000 bpd gets thrown around a lot . 
  meanwhile , iran has said they 'll bring 500,000 bpd to the market asap , and 1,000,000 bpd by the year 's end . 
  so it looks like the oil glut will likely continue through the year , unless something unexpected happens . 
  some us operators will go bankrupt but the oil remains . 
  and as there are hundreds of operators the more efficient ones will use bankruptcies as an opportunity to aquire assets and to grow their drilling portfolios . 
  and as the technologies they use are cutting-edge ( such as 3d/4d seismology , data processing , precise horisontal drilling , liquid nitrogen cooled drilling etc ) there 's plenty of room for innovation to seek efficiencies and to cut costs . 
  just for one example , the 3d/4d seismology produces huge piles of data and analyzing it all to find that optimal sweet spot where to drill to get the best yield at lowest costs is something of a black art gained by experience . 
  software can help in that and save a lot of money , and developing such software is an obvious area of innovation . 
  another obvious one , during the boom times what you wanted was to bring the well online as quickly as possible to reap the sweet profit . 
  you did n't care as much about optimal yield if drilling took longer . 
  what operators are doing now is taking their time to make multiple horizontal drillings on the same well before bringing it online . 
  that means a single well will produce more with smaller costs even if drilling takes longer . 
   what does `` continued production at the same levels as before '' mean ? 
  saudis increase production almost daily . 
  saudi production has increased only little . 
  and within opec the country with the biggest production increase is by far iraq boosting their production by 0.8 million bpd in 2015 . 
  ah , thank you for your clarification . 
  in the context of technologies i have always taken ` exotic ' to mean practically non-existent or even hopelessly futuristic ( as in unobtanium ) . 
  regarding the us foreign policy what you say might be true , but i 'd think on the energy issues the domestic would weight much more , and that the energy policies driven by the us gov will continue to be mostly motivated by the domestic - even if they may have also some external global consequences to an extent . 
  well , i for one do not believe in a global peak car in any near future . 
  there will be even more cars in emerging economies . 
  but there will also likely be more efficient cars and more electric cars in the developed economies . 
   even if they oil producers using more exotic extraction techniques are losing money at this price point i do n't even know what that 's supposed to mean . 
  i 'm sure some operators are making losses , but could you provide the data to support `` they oil producers '' are losing money ? 
  and what exotic extraction techniques ? 
   the most interesting thing i 'm gon na be paying attention to come monday ( for global markets ) and tuesday ( for us markets thanks to mlk day ) well , godspeed and all that on your monday and tuesday . 
  basically because communist parties mostly exist in countries that never experienced their ideology in practice , and get voted by people that never experienced it either . 
  they mostly exist in some southern eu countries where the left is far more radical than elsewhere . 
  and that has always been one big reason i never vote left in the eu parliamentary elections , even as i might do so in a national election . 
  some of the eu left is far too nutty to my taste . 
  and even voting for s&d would mean giving a vote to idiots supporting nonsense such as homeopathy . 
  uhm ... your link is to the russia-insider which is notoriously poor at everything :  by promoting its own oil benchmark to compete with brent and west texas crude , russia may be able to insulate itself from manipualtions of the global oil price intended to harm its economy lol , that amounts to a joke . 
  cool people fun to hang around with . 
  lotsa outdoor activity , and much love of nature . 
  great moonshiner but lame coffee . 
  actually you do n't need to be perfect to write comments . 
  a good examples of that are your own comment and the comment you chose to respond to which both are very far from perfect . 
  in that sense your comment is even worse as it implies perfection , superiority and even exclusivety simultaneously while it mostly consists of constant fail which only gets worse the more one reads of it . 
  again ??? 
  the last time failed miserably . 
  why try it now with even worse outlook ? 
  no it 's not a repost . 
  over here there was a post about a different matter in which i mentioned also this , so you 're probably remembering my comment in this subreddit or perhaps a post in another subreddit such as / r/militaryporn . 
  they will start exporting early this year . 
   edit : early this year = today . 
  yup . 
  yet it 's not only supply side issue - there 's also the demand side which has constantly failed to grow as fast as the predictions . 
  and the reasons for that are just as multiple as for the supply side , but a notable one is the slower than expected growth in china . 
  there is also a lesser effect of killed demand . 
  it is not as noticeable as of now , as the emerging economies have masked some of that , but it will be in the future . 
  killed demand remains dead and you wo n't get it back with lower prices . 
  here 's one sign of things to come : [ as oil crashed , renewables attract record $ 329 billion ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-14/renewables-drew-record-329-billion-in-year-oil-prices-crashed ) yes , it 's just a sign not the prevailing paradigm yet . 
  yet . 
  and the lesson of killed demand is : it remains dead .
