  the 'em ergency ' is available only if you 're expected to be solvent . 
  the ecb has already been streching it so far by rising the ela limit with the expectation there would have been a deal last weekend . 
  there was n't . 
  and the obvious decision is to stop rising the ela limit . 
  and by obvious i mean obvious . 
  any idiot should have seen that one coming as that 's their mandate . 
  of a kitten . 
  everybody loves kittens . 
  what kind of monster would not love kittens ? 
  the ez that 's who . 
  and that 's why those monsters declined our modest request of gib more monies . 
  now you know what to do : vote no . 
  a historic no for dignity and for kittens !, 
   umm ... 
  i 've been living in this country for 26 years and i 've closely followed what 's happening since 2010 . 
  it never happened in 5 years of memoranda and obedient greek governments , it 's not going to happen now . 
  yet it is and has been one of the terms . 
  the fact that it has n't happened and as you claim wo n't happen is one more example of how greece is actively avoiding its commitments . 
   \u03a4he shipping companies are n't going to be taxed in the event of a ` yes ' vote and a deal with the creditors . 
  the troika never actually pressured to tax them . 
  it 's just cheap lies and propaganda by juncker and co for the european taxpayers . 
  uhm . . it is an actual term for providing loans to greece and icluded in the ` yes ' . 
   in fact , juncker 's predecessor barroso was a personal friend of latsis , greece 's largest shipping and banking tycoon . 
  ah , that 's the proofs !!!!!!!!!! 1111 !, 
  i fucking knew it !, 
  that is not even her final form . 
  * sigh * < 3 laura, 
   the ministry mentions shipping companies so according to the ministry the shipping companies actually support putting a tax on them ? 
  to the point of forcing their employees to go and demonstrate for putting a tax on them ? 
  while the government has been opposing doing that ? 
  very confusing . 
  but i guess that is to be expected . 
  after all most news coming from greece are confusing . 
  and so far your progress in that fight has been very impressive . 
  dna ftw !, 
   it is criminally delusional to think that by stating some simple and easily verifiable * facts * i have become not only delusional but * a criminal * . 
  aaaand that was the part where i stopped reading your rant . 
  you sir have a good day fighting crime . 
  indeed . 
  it is becoming more and more apparent that the referendum options are : yes = tsipras out no = grexit, 
  greece 's gdp turned to growth , exports started growing , job creation and employment started improving , their return to the bond market was a success etc etc. 
  of course , that all happened * before * the leftist radicals started to run the country and things turned to worse . 
  yup . 
  to me it looks like a desperate effort to try and boost the ` historic no ' - vote . 
  he can present the request , however unlikely it is to actually have it , as an option for grexit with the no-vote . 
  not sure how many voters would actually fall for that . 
   of all the things to worry about , the typesetting on a document is of concern ? 
  it gets the point across -- who cares ? 
  do * you * find that document easy to read ? 
  because i find it confusing with the mixture of various fonts and font sizes , with the confusing boldings where just some letters of a word are bolded , and with the typos/grammatical errors . 
  would * you * send a loan application looking like that to your bank manager ? 
  because i would not . 
  i would read the letter before sending it . 
  to me it looks like either no-one actually read that letter before sending it or it 's some sort of subtle joke done on purpose for whatever reason . 
  honestly , my nine year old niece easily creates more clear documents for her schoolwork . 
  and that is supposed to be an official document . 
   the willingness of the eu to discuss the proposal it 's an official request to the esm and the eurogroup , and therefore must be discussed within the eurogroup . 
  does not mean anything more than that . 
   and the willingness of merkel who just said that germany refuses to consider a third bailout package before sunday 's referendum in greece . 
   is a sign that the greeks git the eu at her balls . 
  looks like you 're reading your signs wrong . 
  from the letter : * `` until this loan is agreed and in force , greece requests for the program to extended by the eurogroup for a short period of time in order to ensure a technical default is not triggered . 
  '' * what the hell is he thinking ? 
  it 's too late to suddenly get a new extension for the second bailout program . 
  he spent those last precious days campaining for a ` historic oxi ' . 
  * `` greece 's * [ sic ] * is fully committed to service its external debt in a manner that secures the viability of the greek economy , growth and social cohesion . 
  '' * yeah right , [ varoufakis says greece will not pay imf . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jun/30/greek-debt-crisis-day-of-decision-for-tsipras#block-55927acae4b01076d7bf07de ), 
  breaking : https://twitter.com/eurohand_org/status/615865977578762240  \\ #greece 's government in last-minute bailout talks with nigerian millionaire prince , who initiated contact by email . 
   could be move to maybe get rid of the imf . 
  yup , looks like that as greece is asking for the esm to cover all their financing needs . 
  there 's very little information so far and we 'll have to wait for further details . 
  but i read it as greece asking : - 2 year bailout from the esm covering all financial needs , which would mean no imf participation - including a debt restructuring plan - and new negotiations of the terms ( probably meaning further extensions , delays , and negotiations to drag on forever ) on face of it i think that would probably have snowball 's chances in hell to pass through the national parliaments of the ez . 
  but we 'll see when further details emerge . 
   greece 's government has asked for a two-year bailout program from the european stability mechanism , according to a statement from the office of prime minister alexis tsipras . 
  well , there 's nothing strange in what sch\u00e4uble reportedly said . 
  he is merely stating the obvious : even with a no result greece would remain in the euro * for the time being * as there 's no way for an immediate grexit . 
   for the time being i think that 's the operative word there , and i do n't think anyone seriously believes greece would leave the ez immediately after a possible no vote . 
  been watching bloomberg all day and they seem to read far too much into this , such as seeing it as a public message from sch\u00e4uble when in reality he spoke in a closed session and we have only anonymous second hand accounts on what had been said . 
  here 's an interesting relevant paper : [ the puzzle of the missing greek exports ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/economic_paper/2014/pdf/ecp518_en.pdf )  abstract  why is greece such a surprisingly closed economy ? 
  we employ a gravity model of trade to explain the appallingly poor export performance of greece and argue that weak institutional quality accounts for a large part of this shortfall . 
  using a rich dataset of bilateral value-added exports of goods and services of 39 exporters and 56 importers for 18 sectors , we first estimate that greece exports 1/3 less than what regular international trade patterns would predict on basis of greek gdp , the size of its trading partners and geographical distance . 
  this ranks greece at the 31st position out of 39 export countries in the competitiveness ranking we construct based on our regressions . 
  the most affected sectors include electrical equipment and machinery while transport , tourism and agriculture perform relatively favourable . 
  we then augment our model with various measures of institutional quality and find that weak institutions can explain much of the missing greek exports puzzle . 
  we estimate that structural reforms improving the greek institutional framework to the eu/oecd average level would close between 1/2 and 3/4 of the greek export gap . 
  these findings suggest that , while greece has already achieved major improvements in cost competitiveness since the start of the greek adjustment programme , structural reforms must also address non-cost competitiveness factors , such as the underlying institutional deficits , to unlock greece 's export growth potential . 
  what 's an europen ? 
  my god ... 
  i just realised that i have an europen . 
  and originally i * am * from my father 's europen . 
  i must be one of those redditors from europen . 
  hey . 
  ouch . 
  you know what . 
  did n't know much about romania before but the years i 've spent reading the dry romanian humour on / r/europe have made me to love romania . 
  honestly . 
   fernandez said greece should keep an eye out for such investors , which the argentine government likens to predators and calls `` vulture funds . '', 
  those were paid off years ago as the final steps of the controlled default a.k.a haircut where private investors got burned . 
  iirc the last vulture fund that got paid off at the face value was dart .
