  you 're just saying 20 % is not big just because is 1/5 ? 
  no , that is not what i 've been saying . 
  please read what i actually wrote and try again . 
  you said : 20 % is huge . 
  i say : less than 20 % , or about 17 % in 2003-12 , is not a huge share by any reasonable scale . 
  it is a small share . 
   how about we put it another way : as a proportion of murders guns are involved 350 % more in finland than in the uk . 
  well , if you put it that way then i say you 're either lying or not very good either with words or maths . 
  the discussion has been about homicides , not murders , and in any case your percentage is out of whack either by your incompetence of performing simple calculation or by dishonesty . 
  i do n't know which it is - but in either case i 'm pretty much bored to exhaustion by now . 
   is of course huge . 
  no , it is small . 
  by any reasonable sense of scale less than 1/5 is a small proportion . 
   in the uk murders involving guns are just 6 % . 
  6 % -20 % is huge 6 % is an even smaller proportion . 
  does not mean 6-20 % is huge . 
  just do n't expect anyone else to go by your shiny gut . 
  then why do n't you be the man and tell us how many exactly . 
  i 'm getting tired of being the only one actually citing data here . 
  in 2003 -- 2012 about 71 % happened in private apartments , and about 41 % at the victim 's home . 
  do n't know how many in perpetrator 's apartment . 
  okay , i 'll just ask you again the same simple question : by which scale is less than fifth a huge share ? 
  because in my books less than fifth is not huge . 
  it is small . 
  look , this is very simple : just show the number of homicides by firearms in northern finland , and show how it is different from other regions . 
  then you have provided relevant facts , and not mere assumptions . 
   http://yle.fi/uutiset/something_terrible_has_happened_does_finland_need_to_wake_up_to_its_gun_problem/8535425 except the article actually mostly deals with * suicides * with an firearm even if it 's not readily apparent considering how misleadingly written it is . 
  the simple fact is that firearm in homicide is not common in finland . 
  it 's less than 20 % of homicides or about 17 % in 2003-12 . 
  by far most homicides are committed with a knife or without a weapon . 
  is it ? 
  by which established scale of measure is it huge ? 
  also , * less * than 20 % or about 17 % in 2003-12 . 
  in my books less than fifth is not a huge share . 
  it 's small . 
   they may be , but there more alcoholics in finland than most other european countries . 
  your stats to support that ? 
   you can see that just by walking on a street . 
  no , you can not establish the ratio of alcoholics to general population just by walking on a street . 
  nor can you establish the absolute number of alcoholics that way . 
  please do not try to establish the numbers by such unreliable method . 
   when the youth populations were compared , only danes drunk more than finns , but for some reason the danes do n't become alcoholics . 
  i do n't believe for a second that danes do not become alcoholics . 
  danes are great people but they 're not superhuman . 
  you 're probably lying there . 
  also , relevant studies , such as [ espad - the european school survey project on alcohol and other drugs ] ( http://www.espad.org/ ) , show that not only are finnish youth average drinkers in the eu but their drinking is also [ in decline ] ( http://www.uusisuomi.fi/terveys/170163-suomalaisnuorten-paihteiden-kaytto-vahentynyt?qt-popular_articles=1 ) . 
  your claim of `` only danes drunk more than finns '' is incorrect . 
  look , your personal assumptions are not worth much to anyone . 
  that is why i asked for your * evidence * - other than your mere guts which , as shiny they may be , are worthless as evidence to anyone other than you . 
   my gut :d that is not very good evidence , is it ? 
   presumably a lot of them are in the north for hunting . 
  indeed a lot of firearms are used for hunting . 
  yet that fact is no evidence for your unsupported claim . 
  actual research tells us that only less than 20 % of homicides in finland are committed with firearms . 
  by far most are committed by knives or unarmed with bare hands . 
  and your evidence to support your conclusion contrarian to actual research is ? 
   do you realize that nato is already intervening in that region ? 
  there is no nato intervention . 
   the german air force does recon missions over syria . 
  and the german navy did send a frigate to support a french carrier group that participates in bombing runs against is . 
  great . 
  but germany is not the nato , you 're merely a member , and your modest participation in a different coalition is not a nato intervention . 
  nato ruled intervention out already in 2011 . 
  so , unless you have a good source where nato actually presents this new intervention you claim ... 
  the us should have just left the world to the soviet union ? 
  i do n't know where you came up with all that but it 's mostly not true . 
   it 's the combination of :  finland has most firearms per capita in europe no . 
  less than 20 % of homicides in finland is committed by firearms . 
  the most often used weapon is by far knife and then the bare fucking hands . 
  firearms have little to do with it . 
  knives and having no weapons a lot more . 
   booze drinking and alcoholism are more common in finland than in most other european countries no , finns are average drinkers in the eu . 
  and just as in other countries we have 10 % teetotallers , 80 % temperate , and the 10 % of heavy drinkers who drink 50 % of all alcohol consumed . 
  within that 10 % you 'll find the alcoholics - just as in other countries . 
  in relation to homicide rates the alcoholics in that 10 % tend to become outsiders to society instead of getting help in finland . 
  and a typical homicide in finland is committed by an middle-aged alcoholic down-and-out man killing another middle-aged alcoholic down-and-out man . 
  while we can not prevent them from getting middle-aged we should try to prevent them from getting down-and-out , and provide better help for the alcoholics and to those in danger of becoming one . 
  that would have a big effect on the homicide rates too . 
   finns use also nearly the most drugs in europe only a very small percentage of those committing homicide were actually under drugs ( 6 % of males , 2 % of females ) . 
  drugs have very little to with it . 
  firearms have little to do with homicide in finland . 
  it 's a red herring and i do n't where op came up with it . 
   except for the firearms . 
  firearms are big in homicide in ireland ? 
  til  massive suicide rate though . 
  suicide rate in finland is about 6th in the eu . 
  do n't know how it 's massive . 
  and perhaps we 're just more honest in reporting it . 
  keep yer dirty hands off my precious bodily fluids !, 
  tons and tons of neodymium for millions of magnets for windmill production . 
  and palladium for millions of catalysators and fuel cells . 
  `` we will rebuild . '', 
  please do update !, 
   for one , us destabilized the whole of middle east since 1960s when it attempted to play puppet master , iran comes to mind in this thread . 
  til there was no soviet union in the cold war . 
   first : iran is doing more business with eu than us , so it 's logical for them to switch to euro if they can . 
  yes it 's logical to do business with the eu in euro . 
   second : iran has every reason try to not to be depended on us dollar ( i hope i do n't need to explain why ) using dollars in transactions does not make one dependend on dollar . 
  dollars are just money . 
  money is just a notion of value used in transactions .
