  and on bloomberg : [ putin seeks chinese gift as oil slump sours second gas deal ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-23/putin-hopes-for-chinese-gift-as-oil-slump-sours-second-gas-deal )  russia 's energy pivot toward asia faces its sternest test early next month when president vladimir putin visits beijing amid slumping oil prices and concerns over china 's economic slowdown . 
   while gazprom pjsc said on aug. 18 that talks over a second natural gas supply contract with china are `` showing good dynamics , '' the beijing government damped russian hopes that a deal will be signed on putin 's two-day trip starting sept. 2 . 
  whoa , smells like contagion and panic everywhere : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-23/asia-braces-for-more-selling-as-deepening-stock-rout-boosts-yen interesting that also the usual safe haven gold fell too - even if only slightly : * `` gold , a haven for investors during volatile trading , slipped 0.6 percent to $ 1,154.09 '' * * `` it was inevitable , '' * said the dwarven economist : [ stock rout was inevitable and will worsen says leuthold 's ramsey ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-23/stock-rout-was-inevitable-to-leuthold-s-ramsey-and-will-worsen ), 
   i have the feeling you know what you are talking about :d disclamer : i 'm not an expert , and not even an economist . 
  yet i am economically literate and able [ to know shit from shinola ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ythl0y6xvle ) when listening to the various talking heads and reading their analyses . 
   when the opec has a market share of 40 % , who are the major non-opec players right now ? 
  by [ the latest publicly available iea numbers ] ( https://www.iea.org/media/omrreports/fullissues/2015-07-10.pdf ) the major non-opec crude oil producers are by far russia ( 10.7 mbpd ) and the us ( 9.7 mbpd ) . 
  then comes canada ( 4.4 mbpd ) and china ( 4.27 mbpd ) . 
  please note that the exact numbers vary a bit depending on which data you use and what production is included ( e.g. 
  crude oil , condensates , biofuels etc ) . 
  russia 's goal is clear : try and ramp up the production or at least hold it steady . 
  their main problems are ageing infrastructure , old wells with diminishing production , and sanctions limiting their access to capital and technology . 
  the current iea prognosis is that the russian production will rise a bit this year and then fall a bit next year . 
  does not look like russia would be able to capture more market share . 
  the us goal is the same it has been for decades : energy independecy . 
  but a funny thing happened on the way to that . 
  the us became the accidental swing producer . 
  and when i say accidental i mean it . 
  it was not a government plan or policy - oil production is done by free enterprise not by the government . 
  it was actually the exceptionally high oil prices that gave birth to the unconventional oil boom in the us , thanks to opec . 
  and thanks to the pioneering small time wildcatters who went against conventional wisdom by taking the risk of combining existing technologies with specific experteese and applying them in a novel way . 
  they succeeded where big oil companies had failed , and became billionaires . 
  and now there 's hundreds of wildcatters producing huge amounts of unconventional oil and naural gas . 
  the big question is of course : for how long can they survive with low oil prices ? 
  my opinion is : i do n't know how long but longer than most analysts estimate . 
  and : how low must the price fall to kill the us wildcatters ? 
  my opinion is : i do n't know how low but lower than many analysts estimate . 
  i 'd say the killing game begins below $ 30 ( depends on the time scale of course ) . 
  why ? 
  well , my problem with most analysts and analyses are many such as concentrating on either supply or demand alone , using indicators in wrong manner ( e.g. 
  rig counts ) , using wrong indicators ( e.g. 
  estimated average break-even prices instead of shut-in prices ) , forgetting the inherent elasticity of those prices ( were much inflated during the boom-time ) , forgetting to count for hedges against low prices ( with their hedges many us producers are getting far better effective prices than the low market prices or their wellhead prices - albeit not forever ) , reading far too much geopolitics in it all ( e.g. 
  it 's all a saudi-us conspiracy ) , and most often forgetting * who * we 're dealing with . 
  when discussing the unconventional oil and gas production in the us one can not simply forget who and what kind of people the wildcatters are and how they operate . 
  they will not simply give up pack up and go away . 
  they are the fucking embodiment of free enterprise putting their whole fortunes at risk while chasing the american dream and not the short-term shareholder value . 
  they are resilient , even as times get tough it 's about their fortunes . 
  they are numerous , there 's hundreds of them . 
  they are adaptive , and have been quick to cut their operating costs from the boom-time inflated costs . 
  they are smart , and share their gained experteese by pooling it - there 's over 300 producers in the marcellus shale coalition alone , meeting regularly to exchange experience . 
  these people will not go down easily . 
  that 's why i prefer hearing it from the horse 's mouth by listening and reading interviews with the wildcatters themselves rather than analyst talking heads . 
  also , gregory zuckerman 's 2013 book tells how it all happened and about the people behind it : [ the frackers : the outrageous inside story of the new billionaire wildcatters ] ( http://www.gregoryzuckerman.com/the-books/the-frackers/ )  the frackers tells the dramatic tale of how a group of ambitious and headstrong wildcatters ignored the ridicule of experts and derision of colleagues to pursue massive , long-overlooked deposits . 
  against all odds , they changed the world -- and made astonishing fortunes in the process . 
  highly recommended reading . 
  informative and well written by an award winning financial reporter . 
  a cheese mafia ? 
  probably run by [ these guys . 
  ] ( http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110415163730/villains/images/b/b0/limburger.png ), 
  because it 's a quotation ? 
   could we see petrol dollars start being invested in building industries for other sectors in their own country , yes . 
  but this varies widely by country of course . 
  some petrostates have been investing heavily in development of globally competitive domestic industrial or service sectors for years/decades , some did n't or some tried but failed . 
  and for a petrostate which has n't actively pursued that path it 's too late to start now . 
  should have started one-two decades ago to be a saving grace now . 
  in that regard there 's a wide spectrum of petrostates . 
  at one end we have countries like norway or saudi-arabia ( & co ) that more or less successfully have pursued the former , and at the other end countries like venezuela that ate their fortunes with lavish social spending instead ( to add to insult venezuela was a gold-bug buying bullion by tonnes when the price was high and probably has to sell now that the price has fallen ) . 
   or acquiring shares in western/chinese companies ? 
  yes . 
  again varies . 
  firstly , with what capital ? 
  as oil prices fall so does petrostate 's currency and such shares become more and more expensive in petrocurrency terms . 
  and for example venezuela is already poised to pay its debts to india with crude oil instead of currency : [ india expects cash-strapped venezuela to pay dues in oil ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-20/india-expect-cash-strapped-venezuela-to-pay-dues-in-oil ) yet for a petrostate that has played the long game smartly and has accumulated large investment funds the situation is very different . 
  for example norway is increasingly investing in china : [ china stock slump no deal-killer as norway oil fund keeps buying ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-18/biggest-wealth-fund-locks-in-on-china-undaunted-by-selloff )  the world 's biggest sovereign wealth fund is n't about to lose its faith in china . 
  the $ 870 billion fund , built on norway 's oil riches , says the current selloff and policy shifts from china 's leadership wo n't change its long-term view on the world 's second-biggest economy , where it 's prepared to increase its investment . 
  besides china there are also opportunities in some latin american countries where devaluations have made their existing manufacturing base more competitive : [ currency turmoil reveals winners in latin america as china loses ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-21/currency-turmoil-reveals-winners-in-latin-america-as-china-loses ), 
   are we close to any interesting threshold price-wise ? 
  not yet . 
  basically with the current prices we 'll have 1 ) less investment into future production ( mid-long term effect , related to break-even price based on fixed costs ) 2 ) more production from existing producers ( short term effect ) . 
  the actual killing game where producers would be forced to shut down their producing wells ( shut-in price based on variable costs ) starts somewhere below $ 30 or $ 20 depending on who we 're looking at , when , and where . 
  it 's not yet clear if it comes to that but it 's possible . 
  and before reaching that point other things could happen such as unrest/revolutions/civil wars in some petrostates as economy dives and at the same time gov social spending is cut because there 's no oil money to cover it ( looking at you , venezuela ) . 
  so , what we 're currently seeing is a blinking game in a battle of market share . 
  at the moment it looks like it 's the opec that must blink first but we 'll see . 
  it could also turn into a killing game but that is yet to be seen . 
   the most funny thing about this . 
  can anyone remember the media hysteria 4-6 years ago where scientists said that oil lasts just for the next 35-40years , to subtle explain the high price . 
  hilarious in retro perspective . . 
  it 's mind blowingly hilarious . 
  over time it will be fun to see what economic historians will have to say about this all . 
  i mean , what was then prophetised , what the market came to believe , and what then actually happened will probably be a classic case presented in all economy classes in the future . 
  albeit it will be difficult to quantify how much of the misjudgement was due to beliefs in peak-oil , and how much was due to incompetence of analysis in other areas . 
  there will be many other lessons to learn such as what happens when supply has more elasticity than demand , what happens when a cartel loses its power , what happens when analysts disregard a disruptive technology , and what happens when analysts concentrate on wrong indicators in their analyses : even after the dead cat bouncing last spring it * still * looks like many mistakenly cling to their believes of estimated average break-even prices or the us rig counts as the deciding factor , which is bullshit and only shows they do not know what they 're dealing with when discussing the unconventional oil producers in the us . 
  in hindsight the writing was on the wall already in 2011-12 and should have been noticeable at latest in 2013 when some analysts worth their salt already publicly called what will happen . 
  then guys like citigroup 's ed morse and chatham house 's distinguished fellow prof paul stevens told us what will happen , and gave solid reasoning for it all , but that was only believed in late 2014 when it already was happening . 
  and not even then were the fundamentals fully believed as the recent short-lived bounce of oil prices , without any actual change in the fundamentals , demonstrates . 
  here 's a relevant quote from paul stevens regarding peak-oil from a recent paper :  during the first decade of this century , the concept of `` peak oil '' began to gain increasing attention . 
  this idea , largely derived from the idea of king hubbert , an american geologist , suggested that it was possible to determine the year in which global oil production would peak . 
  increasingly , proponents of `` peak oil '' were arguing that the world faced imminent shortages of oil . 
  while there were very good reasons for dismissing these claims ( any prediction of future oil supply that ignores issues of cost and price can not be taken seriously ) they did generate a growing belief among many that shortages were inevitable . 
  arguably , it was this view of impending shortages that caused the forward price curve on nymex to change dramatically . 
  during the 1990s the back end of the curve remained stubbornly between $ 18 to $ 20 per barrel . 
  however , in 2002 , the back-end began to increase reaching a peak around july 2008 as can be seen from figure 11 . 
  since then , and especially since the growth in shale oil production , the curve has fallen and the forward price is around $ 80 per barrel . 
  source : [ the shale technology revolution and the implications for the gcc ] ( http://english.dohainstitute.org/file/get/dc4221f3-b4b4-48dd-b558-e59a23a8b5be ) ( stevens , 2015 ; a very good read btw )  it \u00b4 s less funny how an oligopol ( monopoly ) can up/down rigging the market by their liking . 
  `` demand & supply '' is dead . 
  just watch how easy it is to choke off the competitors ( fracking ) . 
  i mean , i don \u00b4 t like fracking at all , but the way they do it is like cheating the market yeah , well , they can not do that any more . 
  that became obvious with the november 2014 opec meeting . 
  effectively opec raised their hands and said : the market sets the prices from here on .
