  * what does n't fit into ass and does n't buzz ? 
  there are very good reasons why for example / r/askhistorians reject wikipedia as a source . 
  i mean , can you spot the omissions and errors in your quote . 
   i think soviets knew that after 1945 , they could take finland in a week if they would want to . 
  of course . 
  and keeping finland as a militarily weakened easy target for the soviets was dictated by the peace treaty . 
  that had been and was part of the soviet doctrine : in case of a military conflict in europe the neutral finland would have been easy target for the soviets to invade . 
  apparently it has also become contemporary russian doctrine . 
   shit going down meant military confrontation somewhere in the future between russia and nato , not just act of finnland + sweeden joining nato . 
  what you should consider in your scenario is the difference of consequences to finland in case of a cold war conflict between nato and russia in europe . 
  during the cold war finland was neutral and militarily non-aligned . 
  if there had been a military conflict between nato and soviets in europe you should ask how it would have played out for finland , and take a look at a map . 
  most military strategists agreed that in such situation the soviets would not respect finland 's neutrality but invade ( and that 's the reason the us had about 20 nuclear targets in finland , a fact the us confirmed after the cold war when they removed the targets ) . 
  the obvious counteraction for the soviet invasion would have been a pre-emptive nato invasion first , especially in northern finland ( and that 's the reason also the soviets likely had nuclear targets in finland , though they 've never confirmed it probably meaning they still have ) . 
  that 's a sort of race situation : attempted invasion as soon and as quickly as possible to prevent others doing so . 
  in a cold war conflict being neutral would not have played out well for finland as it was very unlikely that finland could have avoided invasion merely by the virtue of being neutral . 
  neutrality would not have protected finland but rather make invasion easier . 
  how does that apply to modern day ? 
  as a member of the eu finland is not neutral any more but militarily non-aligned . 
  in case of a military conflict between nato and russia , and it is naive to believe that being militarily non-aligned would protect finland because the geography has remained the same . 
  there would be high likelihood of a pre-emptive invasion by russia , and once again finland would be alone defending itself ( unless a very very fast nato invasion happens first ) . 
  finland 's nato membership would change that . 
  in case of a military conflict between nato and russia in europe finland would not be an easy target for a quick russian invasion any more . 
  and there would not be race over finland as nato would already be here . 
  the likelihood of russian invasion would still be very high but with nato finland would be in a better position to defend itself against the invasion . 
  that was the soviet doctrine and has become the contemporary russian doctrine : finland must be neutral or militarily non-aligned to make it easier to invade if such situation arises . 
  before wwii finland was neutral . 
  nordic countries , especially finland and sweden were seeking to establish a nordic * defence * alliance . 
  this was vehemently opposed by the soviet union . 
  and look what happened in 1939 . 
  under a secret pact with hitler the soviet union invaded finland . 
  it was the resistance the soviets met and the growing likelihood of france and britain sending troops to finland that stopped the soviets . 
  were there western troops in finland the soviet plans would be ruined . 
  and again in 1940 sweden and finland were to sign a * defence * alliance pact . 
  and again the soviets vehemently opposed calling it a * casus belli * . 
  so the swedes had to back out of it right before signing it - can not blame them . 
  and again finland was neutral and alone at the mercy of the soviets . 
  their invasion was imminent , and they attacked again in 1941 ( albeit this time it could be argued they had a casus belli , but that would not have happened had there been the defence alliance with sweden ) . 
   after ww2 , during the whole cold war and ussr spreading all over and invading countries , soviet union didnt go the finland way one bit thanks to finlands neutrality . 
  finlandization . 
  soviet union had a military base within gun range of finland 's capital ( until 1956 ) , and its hands elbow deep in finland . 
  i mean , they were repeatedly giving finland ` friendly offers ' of ` military consultation ' until the 1980s . 
  it took a lot of diplomatic navigation , and sometimes concessions , to fend those ` friendly offers ' off . 
   can we find a corroborating source ? 
  its ' not like markov had a news conference with lotsa media present . 
  [ here is the original published interview ] ( http://hbl.fi/nyheter/2014-06-08/616261/vill-ni-vara-med-och-starta-ett-tredje-varldskrig ) . 
  and yes , as the largest swedish language newspaper in finland hbl is a credible source . 
  the interview took place and markov said those things . 
  and as it happens they 're much in line what russia 's state media , military and government has said previously - so they are not exactly contrarian views either . 
   and denied that he has ever wanted to annex finland . 
  heh  frontiers of russia which should be broader , but has never called for an invasion great . 
  i do n't think we have much need for ` broader ' russian borders here in finland . 
  wonder how he is going to achieve his ambitions without calling for an invasion . 
   he also said he 's a great friend of finland ... lol he can pretend to be as much of a ` friend ' he likes but well , as a finn i 'm not a friend of his . 
   after googling for quite a while i ca n't find out envoy to where markov is . 
  not a reference to an embassy . 
  putin made markov as his personal envoy in the 2012 presidential campaign and election . 
   are you sure about that , well , that 's what he says . 
  he heads institute of political research , is a member in the russia 's civic chamber , he meets with putin 1-3 times a month , and during the 2012 presidential election he became putin 's personal envoy . 
  and still , i do not give a shit what threats markov may voice . 
   as a non-fin i do n't know which finish news sources can be trusted and which ones ca n't . 
  as a result i 'm having more trouble figuring out the credibility of his threat . 
  ah , a simple question would have sorted that one out . 
  yes , hbl is a credible news source . 
  yes , they actually interviewed the guy . 
  yes , he actually said that . 
  and he is in line with the rhetorics we 've been hearing from russian state media , military and government recently . 
  they oppose the idea of finland 's nato membership and also the idea of sweden-finland defence alliance , and put out all sorts of crap in the process . 
  but is his threat credible ? 
  obviously not . 
  his threat is bullshit . 
  what we have here is a guy endorsed by putin talking crap for whatever purposes . 
  this happened right before a high profile 3-day seminar on foreign and defence policy was to take place in finland . 
  also russia 's fm is to be visit finland today . 
  so perhaps the purpose was to appear confrontational before these occasions in order to establish pressure . 
  i do n't know . 
  russian 's are strange like that . 
  but his threats are bollocks . 
   the sergei markov is a same kind of lunatic as janusz korwin-mikke . 
  you may call markov a lunatic but as he is endorsed by putin you should probably ask what kind of authoritarian leader endorses a lunatic as a personal envoy . 
  now , personally i do not give a shit what markov says regarding finland . 
  but he is part of putin 's circle of power , meets with him 1-3 times a month and certainly speaks with putin 's endorsement . 
  it 's silly how some are suddenly trying to reduce him as merely a random person without influence . 
  that 's obvioulsy not true . 
  additionally his rhetorics are in line with what we have heard from russian state media , military and government for some time already - his are not contrarian or even isolated outbursts . 
  but still , as a finn i rather make up my own mind and give very little weight to his threats . 
   how it was ok when nobody asked crimeans do they want to leave russia and also ok for ukrainian army to force crimeans to stay in ukraine actually crimea 's status as an autonomous part of ukraine was decided by a refendum in crimea , and also russia recognized that . 
  russia was also the first country to recognize the independence and sovereignity of ukraine after the breakup of the soviet union , and furthermore promised security assurances against threats or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine . 
   but it is totally not ok for , you know , current events and all . 
  right , russia 's actions are totally not ok . not by international law , and not by treaties russia has signed . 
  ah , in japanese nato = food item in finnish nato = your husband 's sister kalevala has a whailing of a maiden before marriage about how awful her new family will be : * appi karhu kartanolla anoppi susi tuvassa kyty kyin\u00e4 kynnyksell\u00e4 nato nauloina pihassa * father in law is the bear around the manor mother in law is the wolf inside the house brother in law is the viper on the treshold sister in law is the nails on the yard, 
  bbc reports news when they reach their treshold for reporting . 
  i do n't think this one is such . 
  it 's not that big news item anyway ( in world scale ) as we hear this line from russia from time to time and more often recently ( like , nato membership is ` the red line ' ) - this particular piece of threatening rhetorics does not have much weight and is not exceptional . 
  it is more of regional concern in the nordic and baltic region . 
  and if you believe one of the leading newspapers in finland invented the interview you 're certainly free to do so . 
  but your criteria is rather odd : only if an interview is ` verified ' by bbc it may be trusted . 
  i 'm sure if you applied that same criteria to news and interviews by belgian news outlets you would have very little news to read . 
   if we 're ok with reducing our gdp by half or a third , then we are not . 
  where did you get those numbers ?
