  that 's either your ignorance speaking or some newspeak level of bullshitting . 
  no , the greek statehood did not end in january with a new government led by syriza . 
  that line of arguing is not only disingenuous but delusional . 
  good luck with that . 
   the structural adjustment program had no clause with a pretense to a preventive measure regarding negotiation . 
  implying it did , is disingenuous . 
  the structural adjustment program is what both greece and the creditors have agreed to . 
  it has also been accepted in the national parliaments of the ez countries . 
  implying it is not , and that it is somehow greece that has ` made concessions ' while they have been actually making new demands , is what is disingenuous here . 
   their proposal ( the greek governments proposal ) is rather moderate and consists of a huge amount of concessions greece is the one demanding changes to what greece has already agreed to . 
  making less demands is hardly making concessions , it 's just making less demands . 
  if anything it is the creditors that have made concessions here with their proposals trying to accomodate greece 's demands yet within the leeway in what has been agreed to and what the national parliaments have accepted . 
  i think you 'd more often find them in the radical/far-left end of the political spectrum than in the moderate/centrist left . 
  in addition to that the proposal , and indeed the program , expires on tuesday , so it 's unclear what the ` yes ' option is about on sunday . 
   well , in 2014 there was , after 6 years , economic growth in greece , but turned back into recession in 2015 . 
  and in addition to the gdp growth for example job creation and employment started growing in 2014 : http://www.bruegel.org/uploads/rtemagicc_blog_is_greece_destined_to_grow_9.png.png here 's an informative collection of various relevant graphs reflecting greece 's budding recovery that started in 2014 : [ is greece destined to grow ? 
  ] ( http://www.bruegel.org/nc/blog/detail/article/1647-is-greece-destined-to-grow/ ), 
   despite the constant blather from ecb officials about how it is constantly constrained by its own persnikety rules , ** it is well known that the ecb can stretch these rules pretty much as far as it likes . 
  ** [ citation needed ], 
  well , fwiw , the guy who managed the argentinan default does not seem to share the optimism . 
  [ the argentine model for greece ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/argentina-greece-default-bailout-credit-bonds/ ) * default and drachma are n't quick panaceas , says man who managed argentina down similar path a decade ago . 
  *  `` if they manage the fiscal equation well , they can go back to growth very fast , but i doubt they do it , '' said nielsen . 
  `` with the spirit they have shown , the government of tsipras , i doubt that they 're going to have a good fiscal policy . '' ...  but the ela is likely to expire along with the bailout program on tuesday , which could sink greek banks . 
  that makes any post-euro revival even more problematic because the banks have wasted away and have very little financial lifeblood needed to weather a default . 
  without viable banks , consumers and business will have a very difficult time rebuilding after a grexit . 
   `` you need to have financial muscle to go through a default -- you need to have some domestic instruments , '' nielsen said . 
  `` i 'm afraid what they have is a weakened situation as a result of capital outflows . '', 
   if there is one thing that is traditionally good in greece is our supply of doctors . 
  which is one of the reasons for the costs of the public health care system in greece . 
  among oecd countries greece has the highest doctors/population ratio . 
  and not only that but also the second lowest nurses/population ratio . 
  that means in the greek public healthcare system the more expensive doctors ( training , salaries ) are performing tasks that could be done by the less expensive nurses , which renders the system disproportionally expensive in terms of productivity . 
  reforming the public healthcare system has been one of the targets of the troika program . 
  but it never demanded for example closing down hospitals , which was one of things the greek gov did in order to cut costs of the public health care . 
  relevant oecd brief : [ oecd health statistics 2014 - how does greece compare ? 
  ] ( http://www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/briefing-note-greece-2014.pdf ), 
  ^ / r/europe , take a note , this is how you provide constructive criticism . 
   liar . 
  the quote is about the programme itself ; here 's the full section it is drawn from : are you fucking seriously claiming `` the programme itself '' dictated for example the stalling of the structural reforms and keeping productivity gains away ? 
  do you fucking think we 're all idiots here unable to actually read ? 
   liar . 
  rich from an analfabet . 
   this is what 's happening in scandinavia and finland ; the young generations are brainwashed by american media and reality tv and charlatan cults like the danish liberal alliance and are forcing austerity even though there is no pressing need for it . 
  i know it 's stereotype that an american does n't know much further than the backyard , and i 'm not a big fan of stereotypes , but my god what you just wrote is delusional . 
   `` invading '' is a grossly inappropriate ( and in line with proper anti-russia propaganda , too ! ), 
  term to use here . 
  so , what term do you suggest instead ? 
   they 've entered it - barely - for a minutes at a time , until such time that they are redirected . 
  and then they leave . 
  ah , they 're merely `` entering '' and `` barely '' at that . 
  they 're such good behaving visitors you 'd never believe they were n't invited in the first place as they breach into your airspace without transponders . 
   this occurs incredibly frequently , and it is hardly just russia that is guilty of this . 
  yes it does , and russia is guilty of it . 
  please do show me how frequently is sweden doing that to russian federation . 
   these are training runs to keep pilots up to date , and to gather intelligence . 
  harmless enough , and certainly not showing any signs of intent of war . 
  training a bombing run towards stockholm . 
  and flying transponders off close to airways is not harmless . 
  we already have had situations where civilian traffic had to be rerouted to avoid danger of potential collision with the sneaking russian military aircraft . 
  it is also dangerous when russian military aircraft pretend to be civilian traffic and willingly ignore to follow atc instructions . 
   the u.s. is frequently guilty of doing this - more so than russia , i wager - to `` hostile '' states , in the middle east or the pacfic ( china says hello ) for example . 
  ah , now we get to the whataboutism part . 
  the us is not frequently breaching swedish airspace , is it ? 
  no , russia is . 
  apparently russia considers sweden `` hostile '' already . 
   what 's more , if you consider the two things you just mentioned `` hostile actions '' toward sweden by russia , you can not possibly try to defend the position that nato expansion into sweden would n't be a hundred times more hostile to russia than these routine flights are to sweden , can you ? 
  and now we get to the crux of your argument : russia is hostile towards sweden and would be `` a hundred times '' even more hostile were sweden to join nato . 
  which amounts to a blunt threatening . 
  your quote is about the implemetation of greece 's may 2010 program . 
  the implementation was solely greece 's responsibility . 
  we all know greece was dragging their feet in doing that and even starting the program got postponed by the greek politics . 
   one has to define what were the goals of the programme to say if it 's working or not . 
  the program target has been firstly to address greece 's huge deficit on short term ( by budget cuts ) and to promote growth on mid-to-long term ( by structural reforms ) . 
  and those both were achieved : greece 's deficit turned into primary surplus , and economy did return to growth . 
  source for further information : http://www.imf.org/external/country/grc/index.htm, 
  indeed . 
  i thought editorializing was shunned in the rules and in the moderating policy . 
  even more so when it 's misleading . 
  no wonder googling brings up nothing . 
  looks like a small event in a school auditorium or something for a small audience . 
  i can not see what 's notable here . 
  i think you should provide first-hand reporting by reputable sources , and possibly photos or videos . 
  googling about such concert brings up nothing which leads me to suspect that if such event happened it was probably small . 
   2.3 editorialising is not acceptable . 
  editorialising is simply the act of inserting an opinion into a ( submission ) title . 
  where can we see this survey and the actual questions posed ? 
  also :  wintershall is gazprom 's partner in the nord stream project . 
  the survey was commissioned by wintershall and was conducted by forsa institute which does not have exactly a clean track record as it goes to leading questions , data manipulation and introducing financer bias : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forsa_institute#controversies e.g. 
  :  forsa was the market research firm involved in the 2009 public relations scandal concerning deutsche bahn . 
  surveys with leading questions which produced results showing disapproval of the 2007 train drivers ' strike and approval of privatisation of the railway were secretly funded by deutsche bahn . 
   in it 's heyday , nokia made up 4 % of the finnish gdp that was long ago in the year 2000 . 
  but you 're right in saying that nokia used to have a big impact . 
  that started to fade away in 2004 and was gone by 2012 . 
   but the big one is that there is no political perspective that it will change for the better , at all . 
  that 's too bad to hear . 
  over here the parties with structural reform & austerity platforms got the majority of votes in the april 2015 parliamentary election . 
  the general consensus is that reforms and budget cuts are necessary . 
  but as always people do not like cuts , especially if they 're at the receiving end , and there 's always room for arguments on what to cut and how - as there should be . 
  the previous government did recognise the necessity of reforms and cuts but eventually failed to deliver due to disagreements within the coalition which originally had no less than six parties from left to right ( ! ) . 
  i speak for many , and i have the election results to back this up , when saying i certainly hope the new government is able to finally deliver .
