  the support is strongest among the communist party and party of regions supporters . 
  and especially the correlation with age is very strong and support is by far strongest among people over 55 , with very little support from the young . 
  it 's unfortunate that the media in general has not much bothered to look deeper in the actual opinion polls , but merely tend to overstate geographic or language divisions and leave it at that . 
   ** olga bogomolets said she had not told mr paet that policemen and protesters had been killed in the same manner . 
  **  `` myself i saw only protesters . 
  i do not know the type of wounds suffered by military people , '' she told the telegraph . 
  `` i have no access to those people . '', 
   but she said she had asked for a full forensic criminal investigation into the deaths that occurred in the maidan . 
  `` no one who just sees the wounds when treating the victims can make a determination about the type of weapons . 
  i hope international experts and ukrainian investigators will make a determination of what type of weapons , who was involved in the killings and how it was done . 
  i have no data to prove anything . 
   `` i was a doctor helping to save people on the square . 
  there were 15 people killed on the first day by snipers . 
  they were shot directly to the heart , brain and arteries . 
  there were more than 40 the next day , 12 of them died in my arms . 
   `` our nation has to ask the question who were the killers , who asked them to come to ukraine . 
  we need good answers on the basis of expertise . '', 
   mr paet 's assertion that an opposition figure was behind the maidan massacre was not one she could share . 
  source : [ the telegraph - ukraine crisis : un envoy ` threatened by gunmen ' in crimea - live ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10677370/ukraine-russia-crisis-live.html ), 
   the opposition leaders , on behalf of maidan , got early elections secured in a signed agreement with the regime , yanukovich was deposed the day after . 
  after the agreement yanukovich went missing , and he was not there to actually sign the laws he had agreed to sign . 
  he was also held responsible for the mass killings of the protesters . 
  on those grounds the parliament voted for the impeachment of yanukovich . 
  ( and btw , the agreement granted no immunity from parliament impeaching him )  what 's wrong with a free and fair referendum in the spirit of self-determination that the un charter provides ? 
  yeah , i 'm sure a referendum under russian military occupation will be 120 % free and fair . 
  it wo n't because such referendum would not be legal as per ukraine 's constitution . 
  interesting thing is that crimea has already had a refendum on the issue . 
  when ukraine became independent they voted for autonomy in ukraine . 
  now with the new referendum the original idea was to have it may 25th when the new election is scheduled to happen . 
  but russian troops seized the crimean parliament and istalled a new russian pm there ( who btw has not been appointed by the president as should be by the constitution , and therefore is not legit ) . 
  one of the first things he did was to declare the referendum to happen already this month , which raises the question why the hurry ? 
  is it because russian occupation can only last so long ? 
  and then there 's the actual public opinion : the polls in crimea have not showed majority support for independency nor for annexation to russia , and the russian nationalistic partis have not polled big in elections with their low percentages . 
  but of course with russian military occupation the referendum result is easy to manipulate or forge . 
   i agree that crimea separating from ukraine is probably fair , polls say independency or annexation to russia has n't had majority support in crimea . 
  besides , there already was a referendum on that issue when ukraine became independent : crimean voters decided to stay as autonomous within ukraine . 
   crimea votes for either independence or to be absorbed into the russian federation then that would be a ) legal no . 
  it would not be legal . 
  relevant articles of the constitution : title x , article 134 `` the autonomous republic of crimea shall be an integral constituent part of ukraine '' title iii , article 73 `` alterations to the territory of ukraine shall be resolved exclusively by the all-ukrainian referendum . '', 
  title iii , article 72 `` the all-ukrainian referendum shall be convened as a popular initiative at the request of at least three million citizens of ukraine eligible to vote , provided that the signatures in favour of the referendum have been collected in at least two-thirds of the oblasts with at least 100,000 signatures gathered in each oblast . '', 
  making changes to the territory of ukraine legally is very difficult as per the constitution . 
  besides , there already has been a refenrendum on the issue : when ukraine became independend crimea had a referendum about its status and people voted for autonomy within ukraine . 
  also this : [ ukraine navy officers reject plea to defect to russian-backed crimea ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/03/ukraine-navy-officers-defect-russian-crimea-berezovsky )  `` viktor yanukovych is the legitimately elected president of ukraine , '' he told them , arguing there would be no breach of oath if they served crimea . 
  `` the seizure of power in kiev was orchestrated from abroad . '', 
   when berezovsky requested questions from the officers , a chorus of criticism broke from the ranks . 
  `` in what way exactly did foreign powers intervene in kiev , compared to the way they are intervening now in crimea ? '', 
  asked an officer to applause from those assembled . 
  `` do n't ask provocative questions , '' berezovsky barked back . 
  now that 's a great question . 
  polish vodka is bliss . 
   they did n't shoot before that night when hell broke loose . 
  actually berkut started shooting protesters already in january . 
  several protesters were wounded and killed then and not only by rubber bullets . 
  the police also kidnapped injured protesters from medical care in hospitals and some of them are still missing . 
  yanukovich 's legendary golden toilet is [ actually real ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pstlw9l ) . 
  in his mansion he had also [ these . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dt4gaxr ) no wonder the guy had little touch with reality . 
  the images from his personal disneyland are pretty surreal : zyalt.livejournal.com/1007568.html, 
  what do you mean ` collapsed ' ? 
  it has been and is being implemented since yesterday . 
  * 2004 constitution . 
  check * new coalition government . 
  check * new presidential election . 
  check, 
   does this mean that yanoukovitch has been printing money like toilet paper ? 
  heh , at yanukovich 's personal disneyland he had [ these . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dt4gaxr ) but do n't know if intended as toilet paper . 
  would have gone well with his [ golden toilet ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pstlw9l ) , though . 
   judical reforms ? 
  yes , of course they would be . 
  and yes , tax reforms are needed . 
  and anti-corruption measures need to be implemented . 
  indeed . 
  glad we can agree that the reforms imf recommends would actually be beneficial . 
   but you 're not reading the fine print . 
  the terms the imf imposes are insane . 
  please show me the fine print then . 
   no , we 're not . 
  okay . 
   the goal of the imf is not for the country to have reforms . 
  strange that they set reforms as condition for funding , then . 
   it 's for them to make more money . 
  by lending money below market rates . 
  yeah , an obvious get rich quick scheme they 're running . 
  ukraine is facing a default . 
  their bonds are trashed in the market . 
  what is your recommendation for them ? 
  and georgia has been doing pretty impressive progress with reforms after the rose revolution 2003 : [ rose revolution shows the results of freeing markets ] ( http://www.bdlive.co.za/opinion/2013/11/13/rose-revolution-shows-the-results-of-freeing-markets ) * georgia is now ranked eighth on the world bank 's doing business report and lifted its transparency international ranking ( on corruption ) from 130th ( 2005 ) to 51st ( 2012 ) . 
  on the fraser institute 's economic freedom of the world index it rose from 73rd ( 2004 ) to 25th ( 2011 ) . 
  despite the lower tax rates , total tax collected went up tenfold . 
  are you seriously claiming that for example judicial system reforms wo n't be beneficial for the people ? 
  seriously ? 
  how about tax reforms , you think they way taxation is currently handled is good as is ? 
  how about the byzantine soviet era legislation ? 
  best to keep it as is ? 
  and no need of stepping up anti-corruption measures , huh ? 
   trust me , we 've tried . 
  you 're doing it wrong then . 
   the imf wants ukraine to increase gas prices that consumers have to pay . 
  they want it increased to a level where the average ukrainian especially pensioners and poor people would struggle to afford .
