  i 'm stunned / s, 
  but every member is equal ? 
  no idea what that 's got to to do with the euro but that sounds very pleasant ; good for you . 
  `` stop cherry-picking ! '', 
  and `` what are you some kind of special snowflake ? '', 
  and `` sweden never really embraced europe '' etc , etc. 
  get used to it mate , when we 've gone they 'll start working on anyone and everyone with an obvious opt out or agreement until you 're pushed to leaving or you fall in line . 
  i 'm pretty apathetic towards ours . 
  judging by mates though i 'm in the minority and most people i know are pro-royal . 
  you 're comparing the eu to a disabled wife ? 
  article 50 has been triggered mate . 
  do n't worry we 'll be gone soon , not what i personally wanted but there you go . 
  i 'm sure no one will have special treatment at all in the eu once we leave . 
  so basically it 's ok to give those countries opt outs and special deals because . . ? 
  sorry you lost me there . 
  also ; `` do you have lower intellectual capacities or what ? '', 
  no need mate , no need whatsoever . 
  what demands have been made ? 
  i 'm just pointing out there 's tonnes of special interests and opt outs in the eu other than for the uk 's benefit . 
  how 's the cap working out for your own agricultural sector ? 
  got ta protect that famously efficient french agriculture am i right ? 
  you explained nothing and needlessly insulted me so you 've lost any credibility . 
  have a nice night . 
  sure mate . 
  lol you 're a right little charmer ai n't you . 
  off to bed now . 
  yeah i read it mate , i 'm saying that ` cherry-picking ' is n't over if european countries are suggesting it as possible policy by way of a multi-speed europe . 
  someone should send this to the author of the piece . 
  but cherry picking is over . 
  `` finally , we would add that a country outside the eu can not have a better deal than an eu member state . 
  cherry-picking is over . '', 
  totally agree with this . 
  ireland can now join shengen . 
  denmark and sweden should now fully embrace the euro . 
  poland can finally sign the charter of fundamental rights of the european union . 
  france can now at last be fined for not keeping to budget deficit agreements etc. . 
  cheers mate . 
  what 's going down ? 
  watch your tongue colonial / s, 
  sorry who said that ? 
  1 : the eu causes people living in countries where wages are lower to move to where they are higher so you get brain drain of skills . 
  in return you get companies setting up manufacturing conferns in lower income countries which allows them to produce at a much lower cost but still sell in the same markets at an inflated rate ; this is n't good for anyone , to work in the long term the eu must level out standards of living and wages . 
  2 : no coherent security strategy ; the way the migrant crisis has been handled is a disgrace and with schengen it is compounded . 
  the eu have been extorted by turkey . 
  3 : it is deeply protectionist by design and props up inefficiency like french agrirculture causing waste and higher prices . 
  it also affects emerging economies who ca n't export to the eu . 
  4 : the eu let in countries to institutions which should never have been allowed to join by their own rules . 
  greece for example were nowhere near meeting economic requirements for the euro but were allowed in . 
  5 : brussels inefficiency and waste ; for example the eu 's new museum detailing the history of the eu cost around $ 50m . 
  6 : the perception that the bigger counties are held to a different standard . 
  there were no penalties for france and germany who repeatedly broke eu regulations about budget deficits whilst countries like ireland were forced in to years of austerity . 
  the reverse of this is that people in countries like france and germany get sick of bailing out smaller countries , it all comes down to a gross inequality of wealth between members . 
  lol no , not by a long way mate . 
  you guys should invite teresa bet she 'd love to gallop round in the tasmanian heat . 
  wow til . 
  i 've never heard of foxhunting on horseback anywhere but the uk so that 's genuinely suprising that it 's in the us , is it common ? 
  personally , i do n't see the need for any hunting that 's not for food or pest control . 
  i think what you 're describing is basically what the hunts do here now , just chase them around . 
  oh sure no arguing that foxes can be total pests to farmers and small holders , a fox tried to kill my cats a few months ago but there 's better ways to deal with them than hunting them for sport . 
  cmon mate , dressing up and hunting foxes with dogs which tear them to pieces ? 
  that is n't vile to you ? 
  she may be in favour of it but it 's disgusting and she needs to be called out on it . 
  totally indefensible , discraceful . 
  `` the alleged ringleader , a 21-year-old syrian , is accused of lighting a handkerchief and placing it near the man 's head , and then running away as the flames spread to the man 's backpack and a plastic bag . '', 
  that 's extremely disturbing . 
  i hope the guy made a decent recovery . 
  point taken , done . 
  i think it 's appropriate here mate . 
  i know , messed up ai n't it ? 
  i agree ; you either have a borderless zone or you do n't . 
  countries should be fined for not complying with this . 
  it 's true we bloody love you lot , you bunch of tossers . 
  how do migrants enter france in the first place in order to travel to calais ? 
  lol nope, 
  lol i 'm one brit who ca n't stand the stuff but i 'd defend with my life those who do . 
  yeeeah the article posted above does n't support that , unless i 've missed something . . 
  i must be misreading this but i ca n't see any mention of any activism . 
  the paragraph before the one you posted ; `` i told the garda i wanted to report fry for uttering blasphemy and rte for publishing/broadcasting it and that i believed these were criminal offences under the defamation act 2009 . 
  `` the garda then took a formal written statement from me in which i quoted fry 's comments in detail . 
  this written statement mentioned both fry and rt\u00c9 specifically . '', 
  where 's the bit where he 's doing it to highlight how silly the law is ? 
  that 's interesting sounds like a cool way to raise awareness actually , have you got a source for the full story ? 
  its ok mate , it will be ok . 
  sure , i want you to enjoy your chips not worry about me judging you . 
  you be you mate . 
  with regards to topping up , im guided by both the beer and the host . 
  i would n't demand a topped up lager in the netherlands ( and have not on many occasions ) but if you were over here drinking a naughty little bitter you 'd want the full pint . 
  see i do n't mind chips with mayo but it should n't be the predominant condiment . 
  the chips should be swimming in vinegar , plenty of salt obviously with ketchup and mayo on opposite sides of the container so they do n't get mixed up . 
  one pint to be drunk during the chip eating with a second to be downed shortly after to cleanse the palate . 
  in terms of containers for the chips , if the pint glass is plastic then a coned shape chip container is preferable so you can comfortably hold it and the beer in each hand . 
  if however the pint is in a glass ( as it should be ) then a wider plastic dish is better . 
  we do love our cakes mate no question . 
  chips and beer too . 
  we 'll make our own bloody festival . 
  with cider . 
  and pasties . 
  distinct lack of fish and chips on sale . 
  sad . 
  thank you .
