  knew it . 
  so did he get the cow ? 
  i was just trusting subtitles as far as i know the farmer did n't understand a word eddie was saying and replied ; ` come to my barn where i will beat you senseless you you jibbering fool ' . 
  cheers mate , ca n't believe i missed that story . 
  good point post that to twitter let 's get the message out there !!, 
  i joke of course mate . 
  good point actually ; i wonder what obesity costs the eu in healthcare provision . 
  scandal, 
  go on . . 
  id like to think it would be based on pictures of people looking disgusted with their partner 's behaviour . 
  disappointed that 's not a real subreddit, 
  cheers mate . 
  anyone actually been through them ? 
  just seen a thread opened on / r/europe, 
  yep . 
  they also could have waded in themselves against the anti-treaty forces ; there were even military plans to do so when henry wilson was assassinated by the ira in london . 
  the british could have given the free state nothing and let them sort it out themselves . 
  in what way, 
  ai n't it just ; it 's horrible having no competent opposition . 
  disturbing times mate . 
  ah i did n't actually see that , apologies all round . 
  one elected person does n't speak for the country . 
  you should direct your animosity to farage 's ep constiuancy if anyone . 
  exactly . 
  i would n't say ` never ' https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_civil_war the british gave a lot of support to the pro-treaty forces during the irish civil war . 
  we are enormous trading partners etc. 
  i would count the irish as our closest friends . 
  i understand there is historical animosity but farage does n't speak for the vast majority of us , he 's just desperately trying to stay in the spotlight ; he 's got ratings to get on lbc now . 
  nor do 99.9 % of brits this is one fool 's opinion, 
  nor are ` the british ' this is nigel farage gobbing off not government policy just relax, 
  same as here then , just seen the council election results ? 
  farage is a minor mep and a radio host . 
  lol it 's nigel farage stop falling for this daft media bait no one of any importance believes this . 
  like you guys did for the congo right ? 
  the uk is n't the only european country with a shameful colonial history so do n't act so sanctimonious . 
  edit : i 'm a dozy pillock and did n't see the / s sorry all . . 
  the co-op already only sells a british meat ; this was a bollocks news piece . 
  lol, 
  an irish newspaper does . 
  you 're a right little charmer ai n't you . 
  it does provide context though ; but it sank on 23 april , killing at least 16 people including two children , and leaving only two survivors -- a pregnant woman from the democratic republic of the congo and another woman from cameroon . 
  the victims are among more than 1,100 migrants killed attempting treacherous sea journeys to europe this year -- each one with a personal story frequently engulfed by the scale of the ongoing crisis '' it 's not just a story about a drowned musician . 
  had to be someone . 
  i think a lot of special interests are going to be much more obvious now that the uk is leaving . 
  now now mate you ca n't have your cake and eat it . . 
  sure . 
  `` too late for your input '' ' i think he still has a right to express an opinion mate . 
  `` the european parliament president , antonio tajani , said the museum was a way to encourage `` debate ... for a better future '' . 
  `` here we do n't have a line to take , '' he said , at the opening . 
  the museum stands in a park near the parliament . 
  the project cost was about $ 55.4 m ( # 47m ) , the museum website says . 
  critics call it an eu vanity project . 
  brussels already has another permanent exhibition tracing the history of the eu - the parlamentarium . '', 
  there must be more to it than that otherwise they 've built a $ 55.4 m museum that already exists ? 
  post a link here ; always looking to read some different stuff . 
  ok sure . 
  all i 'm saying is eu membership does n't mean that food is immune from contamination . 
  it ended up in the u.k. but ; the horse meat that was found in comigel products originated at doly com , [ 57 ] a romanian-based slaughterhouse . 
  an inquiry by the french government showed that `` the meat had left romania clearly and correctly labelled as horse . 
  it was afterwards that it was relabelled as beef . 
  '' [ 58 ] doly com supplied the horse meat under a contract to cyprus-based draap trading ltd , a meat trader which operates in the netherlands . 
  it is owned by a british virgin islands holding company , and jan fasen is a director . 
  draap spelt backwards is paard , the dutch word for horse . 
  [ 59 ] after having the horse meat delivered to a cold storage company in breda , draap then sold the frozen meat to spanghero , [ 60 ] who insist that it arrived at their castelnaudary plant labelled as `` beef -- originating in eu '' . 
  [ 36 ] [ 59 ] after some processing , spanghero then sent it to comigel , where the end products for sale were made . 
  [ 34 ] [ 36 ] according to french media reports , spanghero falsified documents regarding the meat . 
  [ 61 ] horse meat found in silvercrest products is thought to have originated in poland . 
  disturbing story . 
  nice, 
  yeah exactly , did n't that occur when the uk was in the eu ? 
  i stand corrected , thanks . 
  misread in that case , my apologies . 
  was n't macron a member of one of those mainstream partys until very recently ? 
  i did n't say anything to suggest i supported not having regulations ? 
  quite . 
  yeah not until it had been sold to consumers and eaten and how long had it been going on before it was detected ? 
  i 'm not saying that brazilian meant is inherently better but it 's arrogant to assume that just because something is produced within the eu it is perfect as this scandal demonstrates . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_horse_meat_scandal this was all within the eu, 
  `` brexit blockade '' then ; although the co-op does n't stock irish beef , it called on other retailers to `` back home-grown goods '' from britain . 
  maybe harry has poppped the question . . 
  good luck mate . 
  the situation , sounds pretty desperate . 
  i hope it improves . 
  messed up mate . 
  thanks for that mate , i appreciate you taking the time to write that . 
  how would yo improve it ? 
  saw him on sky news this morning , he spoke very well . 
  we should immediately offer u.k. passports to every eu citizen currently in the u.k. . then refuse anything else and leave everything and let the eu bring us to court to settle the budget requests . 
  this would be political suicide in the u.k. to agree to enter in to any discussion on these terms . 
  we should immediately offer uk passports to all eu citizens living in the u.k. 
  i still do n't see how merkel is able to speak on behalf of the eu with a foreign country . 
  you know no one from the eu actually said that right ? 
  these are figures the ft came up with . 
  firstly i did n't vote for it . 
  secondly the world is n't like a playground and does n't work like one . 
  thanks, 
  agreed . 
  i 'd agree that foreign buyers are affecting the market but would n't that only apply to certain regions ? 
  the costa del sol for example ? 
  i thought we had a housing issue what the hell is going on in southern europe ?
