  i agree . 
  all countries allowing industrial money laundering , tax evasion and the storing of criminal property should be stopped . 
  edit : a word, 
  a national disgrace, 
  is there an estimate as to how many terrorist cells there are inside europe ? 
  nothing, 
  i 'm not 100 % on that but it sounds perfectly reasonable . 
  maybe write to your local mp or mep if you feel that strongly about it but i very much doubt they 'll do anything . 
  the un ? 
  the un are doing nothing whilst syria is tearing itself apart , whilst north koreans live in a slave state they are n't going to intervene in this . 
  they already do work together ? 
  i 'm not sure what you expect the eu to do about it ? 
  i think there will be a trade deal with india personally , the country needs students and it professionals , they 'll be let in . 
  developing countries yeah , uk firms have long been invested in places like kenya , nigeria , angola , south africa , countries with growing professional services markets , large mining concerns and oil and gas production ; there is opportunity there . 
  singapore ; yes i take your point on that , it 's not so small though , larger than a fair few european nations . 
  you are right about those specific countries but you are ignoring some of the other commonwealth countries ; india , singapore , malaysia , pakistan , bangladesh , nigeria , kenya and south africa to name a few which have plenty of trade opportunities . 
  i heard some brexit voters i know specifically mention countries like that in their decision and did n't just focus on canada , oz and nz . 
  reciprocal guarantees to safeguard the rights of eu citizens in the u.k. and british citizens in the u.k. at the time britain leaves the bloc should include `` the right to acquire permanent residence after a continuous period of five years , '' according to the latest draft document obtained by bloomberg news . 
  i assume that 's meant to be `` british citizens in the eu '' not u.k. 
  yeah good point , it 's clear in the article that is n't the case either ; `` there 's no doubt that device was there to try and kill community police officers on the beat in their local area but also it was left in such a reckless manner and in such a reckless location that it would undoubtedly have led to the death or serious injury of a member of the public had it exploded anywhere near them , '' he said . 
  ridiculous, 
  dubrovnik is amazing, 
  beautiful . 
  i think croatia is my favourite country . 
  so wise, 
  is nonsense, 
  would love to visit, 
  praise be upon the fart kiwi, 
  mine was a gunner on a lancaster shot down and mia during his first mission . 
  which wise man said that ? 
  it 's a failing of freedom of movement and gives you an idea of who it really benefits . 
  i prefer hungarian politics myself for a ` great show ' much more entertaining . 
  how so ? 
  why 's that ? 
  some certainly have popular patterns and colours . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/destinations/oceania/new-zealand/galleries/new-zealands-new-flag-the-best-and-worst-designs/flag10/ here 's what happens when you try and make a flag ` popular ', 
  what is a ` boring ' flag ? 
  it did n't make any sense anyway, 
  a whole generation of people will / have moved from the lower paying nations to the higher paying nations ; this benefits only a few countries . 
  almost as ` boring ' as the polish flag, 
  cheers for that . 
  source ? 
  so no . 
  lol . 
  yes i personally think we have been part of the union . 
  we did n't enforce travel restrictions on romania and bulgaria when they joined the eu . 
  can you actually point out any instance s of us being ` special snowflakes ' as in your original comment ? 
  do you call sweden a snowflake for not adopting the euro or ireland one for not being in schengen ? 
  edit : nope thought not . 
  see ; we are n't the only eu nation not in schengen , we are n't the only eu nation not to adopt the euro , we are n't the only eu nation who receives a rebate so how have we been ` special snowflakes ' ? 
  huh ? 
  they are talking bollocks, 
  i work in the city . 
  chuck . 
  no need to talk down to me . 
  so do i , i 've never had a doctor make me coffee in an nero or pret, 
  lol mate they do not . 
  fair enough, 
  `` between 100,000 and 200,000 poles living in britain may return home as a result of britain leaving the european union , a polish government ministry said on monday . '', 
  no worries mate i 'll wait . 
  interesting , do you have a source for that ? 
  interesting !, 
  a beautiful building just wondered if there was any significance to the colours , it reminds me of the gherkin ; https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/30_st_mary_axe, 
  what other events ? 
  out of interest . 
  no russia or turkey ? 
  what 's with the colour scheme ? 
  so arrogant . 
  yeah , foolish really . 
  thanks for that . 
  ok sure . 
  no , i do n't believe i know more about it ; hence the question . 
  beautiful cup analogy mate . 
  is n't really the same thing but cheers for at least trying to be condescending . 
  that the eu is choosing which bits of our membership they want to honour because they say so . 
  not ` butthurt ' just pointing out that we are either members or we are not . 
  if membership means we get an input in eu contracts then we should get it . 
  if the eu is saying we do n't get a say then where is their legal justification for doing so ? 
  maybe a year though . 
  exactly we are still bound the rules , that 's my point . 
  that 's understandable but we should still be involved in decision making and should n't be frozen out, 
  yeah exactly , so we ca n't have one in place today despite that having no impact on the eu . 
  edit : added a word, 
  yeah which is explained in some detail in that article . 
  can we sign a bilateral trade deal now with another country ? 
  `` the rebate distorts uk funding negotiations with the eu . 
  normally , countries and independent agencies within each country bid to receive central eu funds . 
  the uk government is aware that two-thirds of any eu funding will in effect be deducted from the rebate and come out of uk government funds . 
  thus the uk has only a one-third incentive to apply for eu funds . 
  other countries , whose contributions into the budget are not affected by funds they receive back , have no incentive to moderate their requests for funds . '', 
  thanks for the link , appreciate it . 
  how is it pathetic ? 
  by this logic we should be able to start making trade deals but we have to abide by all the eu rules up until the day we leave . 
  we are either full members now or we are n't . 
  we should start freezing our contributions, 
  thanks for that mate , interesting . 
  can you lobby the eu commisison directly ? 
  lol good beer though, 
  the fact is we voted to leave and everything that entails ; the custom union , single market , free movement , everything . 
  there 's no such thing as ` soft brexit ' if we manage to secure a few things before we leave then fine , otherwise we leave with nothing and that 's fine .
