  it 's `` islas malvinas '' . 
  not `` the malvinas '' . 
  if you 're going to talk bollocks at least get the name right . 
  sorry , does merkel personally dictate eu foreign policy ? 
  do n't malta get a say ? 
  or portugal , greece ? 
  ridiculous sentiment . 
  ` cassuss belli ' , ` political victory ' this is n't a video game mate . 
  umm did we have colonies or the commonwealth in 2008 ? 
  i believe we were in the eu in 2008 as well and still went through a recession . 
  so would i , great city . 
  are we allowed to link to the daily star now ? 
  so progressive, 
  good question, 
  so , they will break the rules and everyone just ignores it because it 's called something else ? 
  there are some really terribly ironed shirts in there . 
  that 's disgusting i hope they recover soon . 
  disgraceful is n't it ? 
  chucking a molotov cocktail in to a group of police officers ; classy . 
  hope the person ( s ) responsible is / are traced and prosecuted for attempted murder . 
  at last with brexit europe can put an end to the plantagenet scourge, 
  i do n't know . 
  also what 's with the brexit comment ? 
  is there a history of british citizens travelling to france to commit terror ? 
  is france still in a state of emergency ? 
  how much higher alertness can they have ? 
  uhh what ? 
  also ; ` asian terror ' ? 
  ok , why though ? 
  any sources i could read ? 
  either way it 's seemingly motivated by the turkey / pkk conflict ; i had wondered what part of the article was exaggerated but i appreciate you are n't the op . 
  turkey / pkk, 
  but how is this a generalisation ( or exaggeration ) when it specifically mentions the conflict from which offences are being linked to ? 
  yeah and that 's described in the third paragraph ; `` they include `` criminal offences carried out in the name of foreign extremists of the so-called is , or the ( outlawed kurdish militants ) pkk '' , said the interior minister . '', 
  which bits are exaggerated ? 
  that is painful, 
  tragic, 
  my favourite country to visit . 
  but every member of the eu is equal . . 
  i stand corrected thanks, 
  ok sure, 
  i 'm the same mate i always thought we were better off in the eu but it had / has some major problems ; immigration however has never been a concern for me . 
  the argument that the uk got special treatment does n't sit well with me for the reasons i described above , lots of special interests are observed by the eu but only the uk seems to be labelled as ` special ' and it is n't so . 
  it will be interesting to see if the same accusations are now going to be made against any other special interest now that we are leaving . 
  shhhh gentle troll . 
  shhh . 
  i did n't vote leave but thanks for that assumption . 
  what i meant by the romania / bulgaria question was that we have been active members of the eu and have contributed enormously , not imposing restrictions where we could have . 
  german companies have already bought up large swathes of greek infrastructure like airports , what 's the end game here ? 
  lol . 
  so still nothing to bring to the actual discussion . 
  i 've tried . 
  you have a nice evening . 
  you wo n't cos you ca n't if you could . . then you would, 
  and still nothing to say . 
  what a shocker . 
  ahhh so still no argument or anything worthwhile to say whatsoever . 
  cool mate . 
  still no argument though ? 
  sure . 
  still no argument or response to the original question ? 
  cheers . 
  lol so , no . 
  cheers . 
  ` just a brit ' please do elaborate ? 
  you ca n't as you have no actual argument other than restoring to childish xenophobia, 
  ' i have no argument or response so i 'll just arrogantly ignore it ', 
  ` cry more ' plus a # equals an argument does it ? 
  and the rest ? 
  ahhhh so do n't answer the question just more rhetoric . . 
  ah this again ; is the uk the only country within the eu to retain its own currency ? 
  or the only country to receive a rebate ? 
  or the only country not within schengen ? 
  what exactly is this ` special treatment ' of which you speak ? 
  i understand the uk is a net contributor to the eu ? 
  that we have fewer mep seats per head than malta ? 
  we did n't oppose movement restrictions on bulgaria or romania when they joined ? 
  so where is this ` special treatment ' again ? 
  edit : no answers of course just delicious downvotes !, 
  cool , cheers for the answer . 
  which means ? 
  really ? 
  that 's interesting what do you think has been better in the immediate ? 
  so progressive, 
  i 'm not sure i ever heard anyone voting for brexit that assumed everything would be better straight away . 
  there was always going to be a period of transition . 
  cheers . 
  sorry mate what 's ` pp ' ? 
  propaganda by whom ? 
  it 's a spanish newspaper ? 
  lol, 
  lol did n't vote brexit but thanks for that . 
  oh and you did n't answer my question . 
  and why is the site in poland and not germany or france ? 
  i 'm sure this will be vigorously applauded here but c'mon ; do you think nestle built that factory in poland just in case of brexit ? 
  manufacturing has been bleeding from the uk ( and plenty of other countries ) for years if not decades to nations with lower wages . 
  why did n't they move to france or germany ? 
  very true . 
  the foodbank : britain 's hidden hunger - interesting documentary , there certainly are british citizens using food banks . 
  also reprehensible of course but the article was about british food banks .
