  i bet they would be delighted . 
  it will be an interesting few years mate, 
  agreed ; perhaps a poor example . 
  it 's not up to me mate . 
  i would n't support that obviously . 
  lol ` this is not up for negotiation ' you are n't on the team mate . 
  this is all a negotiation , countries trade off for things they want and give things away that others what in return ; it is n't difficult . 
  sure if you insist . 
  look i 'm not tying to be difficult here at all but you guys have to recognise that we are going to look out for ourselves here , every country does it . 
  of course ; just not as good as access to five eyes which is what you 'd like . 
  1 ) jobs and taxpayers 2 ) i 'm not taking about the ` exit bill ' i 'm talking about the capital held within the city of london , there 's a lot of believe me , eu nations want access to that . 
  3 ) there are lots of nations , denmark , belgium , netherlands to name a few who 's fishing industries rely on access to u.k. 
  waters , its that simple , everything is ( or should be ) up for negotiation . 
  how so ? 
  you 're welcome to fund your own intelligence agency , welcome to increase your own defence spending . 
  why should we continue to fund something for your benefit and get nothing back ? 
  seemingly . 
  so is the eu insisting you will retain access to our intelligence agencies etc. 
  this works both ways mate . 
  because we want the good bits and not the bad bits ; it 's fairly obvious . 
  every nation acts in their own self interest fundamentally . 
  i agree it 's bad form to answer a question with a question but they did raise a decent point ; the eu wants access to u.k. credit ? 
  that 's a concession you give something in return . 
  the eu wants access to u.k. 
  waters to fish ? 
  that 's a concession , you give something in return . 
  everything is up for negotiation . 
  yep ; the norsemen raided the anglo-saxons though . 
  ah my apologies i misread . 
  you should combine it with online publications ( look at the falling circulations ) to get a better picture . 
  and whatever point you 're making still does n't work ; all i said was not all media is anti-merkel and it is n't . 
  i did n't say the express ( not the sun ) and the daily mail were not popular only that they did not represent all media . 
  who 's angelo ? 
  some british media is positive of merkel , some negative and some indifferent . 
  you asked people to google the daily mail and express though which of course both provide a negative opinion . 
  because the daily mail and express = all british media . 
  who knew ? 
  are the norsemen raiding our coastlines again ? 
  absolutely not . 
  i was n't welcoming it ; just an observation . 
  sure the danish fishing industry must be protected at all costs right ? 
  agreed . 
  well i hope this is reviewed sensibly then . 
  no one wants to see either our seas or industries empty . 
  of course , the ` danish herring question ' is the thin end of the wedge mate . 
  prawn , lobster , scallops , cod and crab amongst others are fished by belgium , spain , netherlands , iceland , france all within u.k. 
  waters which is all work that could be done by u.k. fishermen . 
  we allowed an export market to be decimated and it must be reviewed . 
  no , they are demanding fishing rights though , perhaps not exclusive but still significant work that could be done by british fishermen . 
  i guess we should agree to disagree then . 
  i hope an agreement is made that is mutually beneficial . 
  sure but then the stocks in netherlands and denmark just dry up if they are determined to fish something . 
  why are dutch and danish fishermen put before british ones ? 
  if you are a british fisherman you are going to be unhappy about this . 
  yes i understand that but danish jobs are being put before british ones . 
  i 'm sorry but if you 're a uk fisherman you have every right to be aggrieved by this . 
  i agree but why are they entitled to the adult fish that lies within u.k. 
  waters ? 
  why ca n't uk fishermen catch them and export them to denmark if there 's such a demand for it ? 
  but saying the danish are incapable of keeping to a quota is a ridiculous position as they keep to quotas now . 
  why ca n't they catch a quota in their own territory and import any excess they need which is british caught ? 
  because that 's more expensive than catching it yourself which is what this is all about . 
  again , the danish could always import british caught herring . 
  you call it common management but the benefits are clearly one-sided . 
  sounds good . 
  understandable but i fail to see what the uk gets out of this arrangement . 
  yes on top of a quotas already provided to denmark . 
  if danish fishermen had no access at all to british waters they would have no option other than to import it . 
  labour could be all but finished after this . 
  agreed but if the danes have their own quota within their own territory that is n't a problem . 
  but why ca n't the danes put a quota on their own stocks ? 
  why do you assume they will just blindly fish it to extinction ? 
  they fish their quota and import the rest . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fishing_in_the_north_se look at the chart and compare the declining catches from the uk to the increasing catches of denmark ; in 2002 1,249,656 metric tonnes of fish were caught by denmark compared to 295,367 by the uk . 
  edit : ` were n't ' to were, 
  of course everyone should stand up for their own interests . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  centuries old maybe but it does n't appear to be in the british national interest so it 's only right that it should be reviewed regularly . 
  `` buying the fish from you at any price will lead to a loss of employment on their side . '', 
  exactly . 
  it 's economics mate not the health of fish . 
  the danes just do n't want to import it . 
  if they did then british fishermen would have an export market where they could sell it , like almost every other resource in the world . 
  the extra herring that is n't fished by the british now ? 
  no one , it 's already not being fished by the british so there 's no loss on their side . 
  they are only shared because we 've stupidly agreed to sharing . 
  again , if we are shut out then they do n't buy and they go without . 
  the nuclear option is daft . 
  its about price . 
  they just do n't want to buy at a fair rate preferring to fish it themselves . 
  edit : a word, 
  that 's a good point . 
  you 'd think though if that were the case the danish would be all for this then ? 
  british fishermen are n't fishing herring in danish waters . 
  that 's an admirable sentiment but i think that any nation should be allowed to manage its own resources . 
  i 'm all for british fisherman having a quota in their own waters but do n't see how allowing danish , dutch and spanish fishermen in to take fish for themselves is in any way reasonable . 
  we could have a thriving export market here . 
  but there 's little demand for herring in the u.k. whilst there 's a large demand for it in denmark . 
  if we do n't sell and they do n't buy , it does n't get fished and denmark goes without . 
  the position of the uk fishing industry is however that they have a product that is in demand , they should be able to export that product to a paying customer .
