i take your point ; this just happens to be against the backdrop of the uk leaving the eu which is quite a unique situation for these companies ( or any company ) to be in which is , to me , newsworthy and quite interesting economically . 
  i 'll be whatever you want me to be . 
  nah , i just post articles that i find somewhat interesting . 
  charming, 
  what 's that ? 
  thanks mate i 'll keep an eye out in the future . 
  i think a lot of people noticed that , i was pretty dismayed by the reaction to that from the left . 
  thanks mate . 
  that 's interesting , i wonder what sweden 's deportation rate is for eu nationals . 
  k. . how do you do that under eu law ? 
  you ca n't pick and choose where another eu citizen decides to move to . 
  surely if she 's in sweden then sweden need to make sure she 's alright , she 's there legally after all . 
  what are the swedish authorities doing to help her ? 
  this is shameful . 
  it 's intriguing how the traditional right is now seen by some as the protector of those who would ` normally ' be considered far left of the political spectrum, 
  sorry mate not that , is ` gulkan ' a term of offence ? 
  maybe they were using outdated information but that was just said on the tv, 
  sky news now saying no one has been arrested in connection with this . 
  disgusting behaviour . 
  may i ask is this an offensive term ? 
  glad my ignorance amused you , 
  ah gotcha , cheers . 
  what 's a gulkan ? 
  http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskbn1790xi?il=0 there seems to have been a lot of support and understanding of this decision , not just from the us and u.k. 
  ah ok that 's certainly different , thanks for clearing that up . 
  in the u.k. 
  it 's an offence to refuse to take a breath test and the ` count back ' system like you 've described is only used if someone is in hospital or unconscious . 
  absolutely . 
  this part stuck out the most to me ; `` the first thing the social workers tell you when you 're left with nothing is that you should try and see how your family can help , but the thing is my family is also screwed . '' i wonder how many other families are in the same boat . 
  in the u.k. you ca n't take a breath test for 5-10mins after smoking a cigarette so i wonder if the officers here believed that the individual was trying to avoid taking one following the collision ? 
  either way the force used here is totally disproportionate . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way , i 'm not one of them though . 
  i 'm not against them having a vote , where did i say i was ? 
  glad you enjoyed it . 
  apologies i only understood some of that ; you 're accusing me of trying to make scotland weak ? 
  did i personally stunt the economic growth of scotland ? 
  i 've just posted a news article , or would you prefer it if only positive news was posted ? 
  scotland also is n't a colony . 
  sorry how is this ` against scotland ' ? 
  it 's a report from scottish tv ? 
  also i 'm british , so this is relevant as it 's the country in which i live so no idea what point you 're trying to make mate . 
  totally agree and a politician like howard should no better than to fuel it by spouting rubbish on the news . 
  yes because the sun = all british media . 
  michael howard is a total pillock . 
  of course i was n't suggesting rioting would solve anything just that it 's a usual consequence of rife unemployement . 
  i 'll check out the may riots , cheers . 
  23.1 % . . why are there not riots in greece ? 
  that is appalling . 
  sure but why not invest in ireland , the netherlands or luxembourg if it 's only about tax ? 
  edit : a word, 
  https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/02/sweden-reintroduce-conscription-amid-rising-baltic-tensions weird times in sweden !, 
  time to join nato mate, 
  which country is that may i ask ? 
  why do you believe that chinese investment was going through the u.k. 
  in the first place then when it could have invested presumably anywhere in the eu at any time ? 
  `` autistic screeching '' - so classy . 
  is n't it just . 
  this really surprised me , ` one in 60 east germans was snitching for the agency . ', 
  that 's a lot of people . 
  was anyone else disappointed that the line of riot police pictured in the article were n't robots ? 
  sit down dave , you 're drunk . 
  no worries mate !, 
  ` in 1999 , poland , hungary , and the czech republic joined the organization , amid much debate within the organization and russian opposition . ', 
  i do n't believe cyprus is in nato but happy to be corrected . 
  i 'm not a mod in any of those but i do n't see why not !, 
  good luck . 
  hi mate , maybe try / r/unitedkingdom , / r/ukpolitics or / r/askuk, 
  we need more of that mate . 
  who knows , getting weird in here lately . 
  lol : ` find me an article where it says europeans love the eu ' then ; ` take your propaganda outta here ' oh the irony . 
  read the article , it features individuals from many countries across europe . 
  get a grip mate . 
  correct this is / r/europe not / r/eupropaganda . 
  firstly , this is the guardian it 's full of pro-eu stuff . 
  secondly reading differing opinions is part of democracy , you have to deal with it . 
  lol !, 
  these are n't even british people expressing their opinions !, 
  it 's opinion piece as per the title of the article , it 's an article about what 's wrong with the eu . 
  ca n't you tolerate people expressing their opinions about what the eu can do to improve itself ? 
  how is this the uk slagging the eu off ? 
  did you even read it ? 
  it just features opinions from people across europe . 
  also this is the guardian , probably the most pro-remain newspaper in the country . 
  so profound . 
  thanks for taking the time to write that up . 
  we 'll see ... just joking . 
  if the eu says no then fine , this is just what may has come out with , it 's very unlikely , sure but there may be some mutually beneficial arrangements to be made , associated membership of certain bodies with advisory roles etc. 
  again , i guess we 'll see . 
  it 's out of our hands . 
  you should write to your mep if you feel this strongly about it . 
  nah i 'm done spoon feeding you mate , have a good evening . 
  1 ) ok , so do you think that the economies of countries like latvia , estonia , lithuania , cyprus , malta etc etc will ever be comparable in size to germany 's ? 
  2 ) you wo n't have a choice 3 ) so you 're keeping them forever in debt and what , forcing them to commit to billions more in spending ? 
  how will they pay for it ? 
  more borrowing ? 
  edit : a word, 
  yes i 've got that , thanks . 
  you know that germany etc are growing too right ? 
  is eastern europe ever going to catch up ? 
  there 's such a gulf in terms of economies .
