  i do n't see why that 's so controversial . 
  sure that 's understandable . 
  a uk fisherman could always fish the herring and sell it to the danish though ? 
  it 's clearly cheaper for them to fish it themselves , that 's the crux of the matter . 
  gerard van balsfoort , the chair of the european fisheries alliance , formed last month to represent the industry in the coming brexit negotiations , said : `` one of our big cards , to play and the danes have it as well is to say : ` listen guys , we have buried our fishermen for hundreds of years in your graveyards in scotland and england . 
  now you come and tell us we are not allowed to go into the herring grounds ? 
  is that what you are trying to tell us ? ''' i do n't really understand this particular sentiment ; those fisherman were surely taking the fish back to the netherlands and denmark ? 
  how was this beneficial to the uk ? 
  interesing , thanks . 
  that is n't really inkeeping with the philosophy of the eu though is it ; `` it 's their problem not mine '' . 
  interesting , but why is germany 's balance so much higher than every other eu country ? 
  is every other eu country just appalling at managing their economy too ? 
  well , he 's right is n't he ? 
  what part of what he 's said is wrong ? 
  too late though is n't it , some of those weak economies were allowed to join when they should n't have been . 
  i was n't just pointing out that this was n't a small country whinging for german money like you implied . 
  if france , one of the greatest proponents of the eu and one of the biggest economies within it is calling out the germans then something is different . 
  is the euro doomed to fail then in your opinion ? 
  i ca n't see how the other counties can tolerate such a disparity for ever . 
  one of the main arguments i often see in support of the euro is that smaller countries will eventually have a comparable economy to germany , do you believe that is possible ? 
  i do n't think he 's suggesting collusion between germany and the ecb but he 's still making a legitimate point . 
  this is n't a small country complaining though it 's a french presidential candidate which is pretty telling . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  german industry has benefited enormously from a weak euro whilst other countries in the eurozone struggle with a currency that for them is too strong . 
  lol sure . 
  once you take out air defences , then ground installations you set up command bases and runways where you fly in ground forces . 
  it is n't that complicated for the us to do if they wanted . 
  yes they could fly in transport planes full of ordinance and troops from north dakota even refuelling in mid-air if needed . 
  or from an aircraft carrier . . or one one their own bases . 
  they have the logistics and air support to back it up too . 
  agreed . 
  happy easter though mate . 
  mate , i appreciate your passion . 
  i ca n't agree with you though because i do n't begrudge people voting for their own interest . 
  there 's a saying ; `` the true meaning of life is to plant trees , under whose shade you do not expect to sit . '' -- nelson henderson . 
  it 's a fantastic , honourable sentiment . 
  but i ca n't hold those in contempt who vote in the immediate . 
  my apologies , i meant must be accepted , you 're quite right . 
  no , it must be respected . 
  you offered an entirely ridiculous parallel ; i offered you some practical advice if you genuinely believed this to be the next hitler . 
  thanks for your thoughtful and insightful post , i enjoyed reading your position . 
  i still believe in trusting the electorate and that they have the right to choose who is best for them at that time in their own interests . 
  it does n't , to me . 
  the burden of democracy is choosing the right candidate , researching the candidates , reading their manifesto . 
  i would n't vote for someone who was going to take my right to vote away . 
  thanks for the condescension too by the way , there was no need . 
  that 's up to their law enforcement to sort out then is n't it . 
  yes i did because i do n't see this as the rise of a new hitler . 
  you 're the one concerned about that so do something . 
  um you 're the one comparing it to the rise of hitler . 
  all i 'm saying is if you believe that to be the case you should do something . 
  so if you believe that to be the case you should write to your mp . 
  i do n't see any similarities personally . 
  that 's the burden of a democracy, 
  agreed mate . 
  it 's up to the turks . 
  they have a right of self determination . 
  no sorry perhaps you could lay them out ? 
  i agree but who 's to say the chinese would n't be doing even better under a democracy, 
  huh ? 
  if the people vote for it then i guess ? 
  yeah . 
  maybe but that 's their choice is n't it . 
  ah i see what you 're saying but competence is semtantics , subjugated people in china would say it 's a bad thing whilst those who make millions off it would disagree . 
  aleast the turkish populace has had a say in the matter , they have had a right to self determination . 
  if they elect an incompetent then that 's their choice . 
  that choice is better than no choice . 
  totally agree . 
  but the turkish people have been given a vote so we should respect their decision . 
  the chinese do n't get a vote . 
  the democratic will of the turkish people must be respected whatever the outcome, 
  ` competent people ' that also are not elected, 
  i was simply pointing out the strength of the us within a carrier strike group alone , they have hundreds of thousands of troops within the army , marines and national guard to do the job you 're describing on top of the carrier groups . 
  forget the arguments of would or should they , just consider could they . 
  yes . 
  look at the size of a us carrier group ; https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/carrier_strike_group at present there are ten of these strike groups . 
  that is just the us navy . 
  imagine just five carrier strike groups parked outside basra . 
  they could have easily occupied iraq for as long as they wanted . 
  it 's not politically sensitive to do so though . 
  edit : there are eleven with one being constantly based in japan . 
  of course it 's useful for them to have friendly airspace to refuel in , cheaper even . 
  but ask yourself , could the us project military power anywhere , if they had to , regardless of friendly support ? 
  yes they could . 
  the us could easily sustain a prolonged military campaign anywhere in the world . 
  they seek support for political reasons not because they are logistically unable to do it . 
  nice mate i love stuff like this ; have you posted to / r/abandonedporn ? 
  they would probably appreciate this . 
  could you possibly not act so arrogantly towards people who have disagreed with the article ? 
  this is a discussion forum mate , no one is obligated to agree with an opinion just because you posted it . 
  cheers . 
  no , this happened in lyon . 
  you know that turkey is n't in the eu right ? 
  that 's brilliant glad to hear it !, 
  have n't you guys ever seen footloose ? 
  fair enough, 
  sure it 's exactly the same as an army or the police ; both of which have rules of engagement and are accountable for their use of force . 
  current rules of engagement do n't extend to shooting women and children however you may wish it does . 
  i 'd rather be called a troll than a genocidal maniac . 
  so no .
