  i 'd give an ear to see boris johnson do this shot for shot . 
  people leave to go to higher paid jobs elsewhere in the eu ; this ca n't be suprising to them . 
  good to see , more please . 
  what a glorious mess . 
  factories have been moving from west to east for a long time mate ; the french whirlpool factory moving to poland springs to mind . 
  the single market allows factories to do so and import back in to wealthier eu countries for nothing . 
  so we 're agreed , ` hard ' brexit it is . 
  there 's no such thing as ` hard ' or ` soft ' brexit . 
  leaving the eu means leaving everything i 'm not sure how people still do n't get this . 
  you ca n't be in the single market without having freedom of movement ; that is n't going to happen in the u.k. 
  nothing that macron and merkel ( and may ) have to say will change that . 
  fair enough , appreciate the insight . 
  cheers mate . 
  i 've just been lookkng for some news sources about this as i have n't seen much about the details of this proposal at all and found this ; `` but senior government figures in dublin last night moved to distance ireland from the prospect of such an army . 
  foreign affairs minister charlie flanagan rejected suggestions such an army would be formed . 
  `` there is no provision in the eu treaties for creation of an eu-wide army , '' mr flanagan told the irish independent . 
  his remarks were echoed by paul kehoe , minister of state with responsibility for defence . 
  `` defence policy is a national competency and the eu is not involved in its formation , '' a spokeswoman for mr kehoe said . 
  `` there is no provision for the creation of a european army . 
  any move towards a common defence requires a unanimous decision of member states . 
  this is affirmed by a protocol to the lisbon treaty , secured by ireland . 
  ireland 's traditional policy of military neutrality continues and remains unaffected . '', 
  has the mood changed since then or are these guys still against it ? 
  do the prayers help mitigate the fact that the truck only has three tiny fire extinguishers on the outside of the cab ? 
  i reckon they 'd need more than that if that thing crashed with an icbm on the back . 
  `` madu , what did they do to you ? '' her boyfriend asks her during the call . 
  zuk replied with a few sentences which can not not be interpreted properly , the report added . 
  `` i can not say what happened . 
  take me away , please , '' she reportedly said . 
  towards the end of the call , a dark-haired man appears , saying `` this conversation is a waste of time and hangs up . '' man that 's super creepy ; poor woman . 
  fair enough , cheers . 
  how do the irish feel about an eu army being neutral and all ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  `` i know you are but what am i ? '', 
  lol . 
  you have a good day . 
  lol pathetic . 
  lol because i asked first , you do n't answer a question with another question which is wholly unrelated to the topic . 
  however in the interests of actually getting an answer from you ; are you referring to this film ; https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/madras_cafe because the only controversy i can find about it relates to tamil protests . 
  happy to be corrected though should you have another source . 
  you keep slagging off the journalistic standards of polish state radio but have n't said why ? 
  my original question was what was incorrect about the statement you quoted and you have n't answered it . 
  so what is your problem ? 
  or that . 
  but then the single market collapses . 
  or none of it ? 
  look i 'm happy to have a discussion around british colonial history and it 's associated atrocities , not here though in a thread about a polish film not being screened in france . 
  if you have no other argument than ` whataboutism ' then you have a poor argument or none at all . 
  which part of that statement has anything to do with the topic in question ? 
  see the difference i saw was that le pen wanted to nationalise the plant ; macron reused to promise the plant would remain open . 
  now in no way do i support le pen but she was at least offering to do something about rather than just saying things . 
  macron says here that poland are taking advantage ; ok , what 's the plan to fix it ? 
  in the meantime those factory jobs are leaving and only the corporations are benefiting . 
  but how do you enforce that ? 
  tariff-free trading is the foundation of the single market . 
  whirlpool are only cashing in . 
  the free market should decide ; if france does n't want polish-made tumble dryers then french people should n't buy them . 
  until then this will keep happening until there is no industry in western europe at all . 
  what part of that statement is untrue ? 
  `` a decision by whirlpool to shift a tumble drier factory from france to poland took centre-stage in france 's presidential campaign last month , with macron 's far-right opponent marine le pen saying she would nationalise the plant . 
  macron , an ardent defender of globalisation as well as european integration , refused to be drawn into promising the workers he would prevent the company moving its production . 
  but he did say warsaw was exploiting differences in labour costs , which could not be tolerated . 
  he alluded to the problem of social dumping - a hot-button issue in france - which refers to companies employing cheaper labour from other eu countries or moving production to lower-wage countries . '', 
  i do n't see how anyone can blame whirlpool here or poland . 
  poland allows them to produce a product for less due to lower wages and import it for nothing back in to france making increased profit . 
  everyone must have known this would happen with the single market . 
  edit : deleted a word . 
  fair enough . 
  gotcha , cheers . 
  but how does that work given a country like cyprus is in one and not the other ? 
  surely if the eu wants an independent armed force at some point it should be separate ? 
  `` the mpcc , which would be based in brussels , would plan and conduct eu security missions -- but not all of them . 
  instead , it would take charge of what are known in eu jargon as `` non executive '' missions , which means they have only an advisory role and not a mandate to conduct actions instead of the host nation . '', 
  a minor point but could n't this be based in another eu city other than brussels ? 
  would be good for lisbon or athens maybe and would spread the institutions around a bit . 
  so many deleted / removed posts ; what happened ? 
  `` but , until monday , the public did not know that the refugees had alerted italian authorities that they were in distress as early as five hours before their ship sank . 
  even though the refugees ' ship called the italian coast guard and warned that it was floating adrift , taking on water and had wounded children aboard , italian authorities refused to intervene for several hours . '', 
  it 's clearly a new revelation and is absolutely newsworthy . 
  hmm the second one . 
  they could n't embarrass me any more than i embarrass myself every time i catch a glimpse of my reflection in the laptop screen . 
  of course that should n't be an issue should it ? 
  if the eu institutions are so incompetent ? 
  then they are n't fit for purpose and should be disbanded and reformed . 
  i have n't seen it on here before ; this particular article was only posted this morning as far as i could tell . 
  `` i feel i have the right to address this point , because i lost my father in the war . 
  today , germany is the most honorable country in europe . 
  but the germans have complexes . 
  they need to put these complexes aside and assume a leading role in europe , because as the largest power , they bear responsibility for europe 's development . 
  we can see that there are forces out there that want to destroy europe . 
  it 's up to germany to be prepared for this , and to be ready to establish a new , better europe ! '', 
  germany should n't be leading the eu , the democratically elected institutions of the eu should be leading , i 'm agreeing with you here . 
  yes i agree . 
  but this implies a german citizen is ` more equal ' than a maltese or portuguese or cypriot . 
  surely you can see there s a problem with one nation within the union ` assuming a leading role ' ? 
  the eu is supposed to override individual nations . 
  and in a policitcal union by extension each country is equal or is meant to be at least . 
  so how can germany ` assume a leading role ? ', 
  there 's separate eu institutions , a parliament , a president a commisison etc which supersede national governments a represent the whole union . 
  every country ; i mean that 's the point is n't it ?
