  how can you be in a fiscal union with one section of the superstate owing the other tens ( eventually hundreds ) of billions of euros ? 
  if you want a superstate you are going to have to wipe that debt . 
  can greece afford to pay in to an eu army ? 
  can portugal ? 
  thanks so much for your totally unnessecary condescension too , there was no need at all . 
  originally i was replying to a point about closer integration , fiscal unionship etc. 
  my question ` who is going to pay for this ' meant closer union , wiping debt , increasing living standards , ` lifting up ' as the previous poster put it , an eu army etc. 
  you then told me it was pointless to ask how this would be funded . 
  i re-phrased and said how is ` lifting up ' going to be facilitated then if no one is going to pay for it . 
  yes there has been growth in eastern europe but they are far behind germany , france , austria in terms of wages and gdp . 
  so i then asked you , how is growth facilitated then as these countries are already in the eu , how do you bridge the gap between eastern europe and germany ? 
  until you do that it 's an unbalanced system and a proper fiscal union is impossible . 
  hope that helps . 
  if we pay in maybe we should but only if we pay our fair share, 
  fingers crossed mate let 's hope cool heads prevail over the next couple of years . 
  i agree with you in theory but i 've seen no evidence to suggest the eu are capable of achieving it . 
  that 's absolutely fair and the right thing to do regardless of any similar deal for brits in the eu, 
  ok , so how do you facilitate that growth then ? 
  as these countries are already in the eu ? 
  an admirable sentiment mate but the eu has n't wiped greek debt , does n't have an army or even a working concept of one yet and to add paying off spanish and italian ( and portuguese ? ), 
  debt too ? 
  you 're talking hundreds of billions of euros , perhaps trillions . 
  that ` insane ' deal was brokered by whom ? 
  the eu . 
  you spend your tax money on ` useless crap ' right ? 
  how is more spending going to solve that ? 
  governments are incredibly inefficient , i think you 're underestimating the cost of federalisation . 
  you make it sound so easy , who 's going to pay for all this ? 
  how much would it take to ` lift ' eastern europe to the same living standards and productivity as germany ? 
  or anywhere close to germany ? 
  greek debt ? 
  ` we must better protect our external borders ' , how ? 
  this is all just rehetoric . 
  yeah but why kill a sheep ? 
  why in that location ? 
  why naked ? 
  does anyone have any idea what this is all about ? 
  good point . 
  http://www.irishnews.com/news/northernirelandnews/2017/03/22/news/strabane-security-alert-ongoing-973075/ the westminster attack yesterday was n't the only act of terrorism to occur yesterday . . 
  thanks for the source, 
  have you got a source for that ? 
  nothing implied just curious . 
  really what shit would you get when they figured out you were german ? 
  how and when did irish and scottish people intervene in this abuse ? 
  uk bro come on over you 'll be more than welcome . 
  source that ` they are doomed ' ? 
  sure the spanish economy will grow , of course it 's not tourist-dominated but they 'll be plenty of hotel and restaurant owners etc that are going to feel the pinch . 
  http://elpais.com/elpais/2017/03/10/inenglish/1489134826_157952.html it 's going to hurt spain hard unfortunately, 
  source ? 
  lol !, 
  tree-mendous !, 
  such a stick in the mud . 
  yeah , leaf it alone mate . 
  your attitude stumps me . 
  you may well be barking up the wrong tree . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by that ? 
  united through conquest , bloodshed and repression . 
  fun . 
  yeah , i really do . 
  you should study the roman empire and it 's connotations . 
  having a roman legionnaires helmet on this is creepy . 
  lol, 
  did i ? 
  i 'll ask what i like thanks ; no one is forcing you to answer . 
  of course not it 's absolutely reasonable and is how disagreements actually get settled . 
  so why is n't every business in the world inside the eu ? 
  this is the only sensible course of action and this is why we have courts of law ; refuse and go to court for a decision . 
  nobody in any contractual disagreemnt simply pays up because the other side says to do so . 
  ok mate sure . 
  without freedom of movement would these people be legally allowed to move to another country without employment ? 
  never said it was but it allows people to move legally in to another country . 
  then that country has a duty of care over that individual . 
  exploited when moonlighting in norway , where they have freely moved to . 
  sorry if you go up to the original comment i had responded to , the poster asked , `` so why do you think they would or should take you ? '', 
  i responded , ` freedom of movement ' , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  loads of romanians freely moving to other countries has nothing to do with freedoms of movement ? 
  totally agree . 
  congratulations on your masters mate . 
  thanks for your impassioned post . 
  firstly i 'm sorry to read you are not enjoying working and living in london , that saddens me greatly and i hope you are not being mistreated at work ? 
  secondly , i agree . 
  i was a remain voter but was and still am deeply skeptical about the eu . 
  for me i find freedom of movement and the single market deeply troubling ; companies can move production to cheaper countries and import in to richer countries for nothing whilst citizens from poorer countries move to richer ones lowering wages all around . 
  in part i believe this is why the eu is so expansionist ; it needs more and more countries to join to exploit cheaper and cheaper labour . 
  with an eu army on the horizon i have no idea where this could end up . 
  i also believe it is unreasonably protectionist , propping up the agricultural industry of france for example is like burning money whilst the eu spends 50m euros on a second museum devoted to the history of the eu itself , a disgraceful waste of money when greece is in the trouble it is in . 
  i believe it will collapse one day . 
  you can see their point then . . 
  well you 'd have to ask him what he meant by it but he certainly called ireland out . 
  if the official irish tax rate is 12.5 % you have to wonder what the actual rate is by your logic ; http://m.independent.ie/world-news/europe/macron-takes-aim-at-irelands-low-company-tax-rate-35682632.html, 
  macron took aim at the irish a few weeks ago criticising their corporate tax rate ; interesting times ahead . 
  i think people should be mad at the rules that allow it rather than the individuals . 
  possibly , it does at the moment though . 
  freedom of movement ? 
  but a 45 year old today was born in 1972 and was 18 in 1990 at the end of the ussr and way after the nazis ? 
  does n't seem fair . 
  also not every country had facism or stalinism . 
  oh you 're serious ? 
  why cap it at 45 ? 
  why not 40 or 50 ?
