oh dont worry , they know what they are doing , saying this tax would give policemen a raise ... just as if he wants to make police and people collide ... they obviously asked many people before about what they think in this topic . 
  so my conclusion is , this whole idiot idea is just to make people forget that usa banned several high ranked officials from entering the country due to heavy corruptional cases . 
  all officials were close to the current government leading party ( fidesz , orb\u00e1n ) . 
  what will happen is they will keep on saying stupid shit about internet and taxing and in a month they obviously will backpedal from it so meanwhile people forget this usa incident while fighting with police ... because internet tax pisses off everyone ... except police since they get the raise from it . . what a coincidence . 
  actually probably the government just wants to deter attention from a big recent scandal where usa banned several officials from entering the country due to heavy corruption . 
  and banned officials were very close to fidesz ( current governing party with 2/3 lead ), 
  sweden , norway has around 90 % turnout . 
  west countries like germany austria has i think more than 80 too, 
  there are no better possibilities , others are lying even more and sold the whole country , there were many surfaced talks they had with eachother how they constantly lie to the people and falsify the budget . 
  then we have another party who is getting more popular because the people are desperate . 
  a nazi party . 
  so choose from this 3 , good luck . 
  there are other small parties but people dont even hear from them because orb\u00e1n made it so hard for new parties to emerge with many regulations and fully controlling media . 
  and honestly the only reason orb\u00e1n still got more votes , is because hungarians from serbia/romania voted for him since they got hungarian citizenship due to him ( for the sole purpose of getting votes , but nonetheless i support that decision of his ) and he always supported people working abroad , so most of the people from london ( 200.000 hungarian ) voted for him . 
  all these hungarians outside the border more than 90 % of the voters voted for orb\u00e1n as i heard . 
  edit : oh and there was a joke-like party mkkp , who might have had a huge voter base , but for some mysterious reason the court did n't allow them to be a party because their name does n't represent their political view and aims . 
  it went to the supreme court or maybe european court i dont know , but in the end the name was obviously allowed , but it was too late and the elections were over . 
  wow this image is brilliant !, 
  im not sure you put much thought into that `` false dilemma '' of yours . 
  you 're = / = your . 
  i guess you read bible in its original language since without knowing differences between your and you 're you did n't really understand any of it did you ? 
  do you still think he lives in the sky ? 
  watching you mastrubate furiously over tittybangbang porn while you are fisting yourself ? 
  i like how you think i sound 12 with your name tittybangbang :d this is the most teeny virgin name ive ever seen . 
  good luck in future , at least if you are dumb you are virgin too ... which is a compliment for someone believing in bible . . 
  i dont understand anything you said . 
  i could n't find one logical explanation how what you said even remotely connected to what i said . 
  dude you are the worst troll ever , your arguments are weaker than god 's sanctity after he fucked virgin mary . 
   `` yes i do think most wars in history were made by logical choices '' lol hilarious , maybe you should read some history/scientific books instead of reading the bible over and over . 
  after this sentence your credibility dropped so much , that the only way of it coming back is if i now become religious and successfully pray it back for you . 
  dude , i dont even know where to start . 
  most wars start as a glorious idea for the rulers , that they will rule all people in their name , or to carve their name to history . 
  so they manipulate people into it for this emotional reason . 
  for like thousands of years this was the sole reason for wars . 
  other reason is when companies see more profit in war or coupdetat , there are so many instances in the past 200 hundred years that i have no room to write it for you ... but like here is one , i dont dare to give you many sources because you might realize along the way that it is not the bible and you wo n't read any of it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1954_guatemalan_coup_d'%c3%a9tat  no idea what you mean here , i am pretty safe living in the uk if that 's what you mean ... :d thats what im talking about , of course you have `` no idea what i mean '' , if you had , maybe you would know that hitler did n't have any logical reasons to start the war aside from his white power superiority complex ... which is more like an emotional reason . 
  :d :d :d :d ... so plenty of people expected it then , but now when poland expects it , suddenly it does n't matter because attacking the whole world as germany did is not logical . 
  what are you on , are you high or something ? 
  you contradict yourself on 3 fronts . 
  do you think any war in history was made by logical choices ? 
  actually some of them was , but most was pure manipulation by people who profited from it , or it was from pure emotion of the leaders . 
  oh and dont worry about putin , he will be safe in his bunker while 95 % of population dies . 
  just like every war before ... wonder why the children of these leaders somehow never die in wars ? 
  just because you want to live safe and be naive in your little first world bubble , does n't mean you should completely shut your eyes and give yourself up to your god and let it happen what he wishes . 
   i agree with their governments . 
  except the part where they think they would be attacked , it wo n't happen ... they 'll mess around economically but that is all . 
  you did n't read much about how hitler attacked poland did you ? 
  nobody expected it , and all started like how it is starting now with russia , `` peaceful '' but aggressive politics . 
  and you saying russia has no chance in water or air etc. . wtf ? 
  they have like 1000 nukes , there is no way the war will be conventional until the end , they will all drop nukes and in 1 hour half the world would die . 
  yes , actually it is fucking shameful , just like some years ago maybe you remember the case [ where an armenian was killed on daylight ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-19463968 ) and hungary of course gave the terrorist back to his country where he got pardoned . 
  it is just hungary made many deals with russia , most recent is the nuclear power plant built by russians for the next like 10 years it takes . 
  so yeah politicians as corrupt as they are , dont care about others just themselves , and for politicians to get more money in their pockets . 
  you can argue , both decision is politically correct from purely hungary 's point of view , since we had trade relationship with azerbaijan , not with armenia . 
  we have better trade relations with russia , not with ukraine ... still it is fucking shameful , whole country is run by criminals so the only thing they see is profit . 
  i see , i was probably wrong in some of my accusations , but i feel like you are trying to convince me why voting yes is good . 
  i never said it is wrong to vote yes , i do n't know at all which is good for scotland , but from the things you said , voting yes seems pretty logical . 
  yet my problem was with how salmond presented that choice , not with what he represented . 
  you had sound reasoning behind what you said , that uk is right wing and scotland is left wing . 
  uk wants nuclear weapons , scotland does n't . 
  this is all there is to it in every topic , but salmond was never really arguing about this but rather about emotion manipulation , let me respond to some things you said in regards to this :  tax on empty bedrooms , introduced by the uk government . 
  the scottish people and government thought it was unfair on the poor who are often assigned houses with more rooms than they might use . 
  well , tax on empty bedrooms really mostly tax the richer people , the poor who have bigger assigned houses are probably very few , and this could be easily changed within the uk system , if someone wants a smaller house he can change it with other who wanted a bigger house , i dont remember anytime in the history when somebody wanted less and he did n't get it . 
  problem is when you want more , not less . 
  so it is strange to me this is a problem to begin with . 
  but basic political tactic is to always talk about every type of tax you can find , tax is the best way to convince people as a politician during a time of peace to vote for you . 
  most political parties say they will decrease a tax ( for example eliminate the empty bedroom tax , or give more welfare money ) but of course with this the state loses money , these taxes were n't introduced ( most of the time ) just for fun or for politicians to get more money in their pockets . 
  every politician knows if you make a new tax , people will hate you . 
  so they try to avoid increasing tax as they avoid fire . 
  so introducing any new tax or increasing income tax is only done if the state needs money for something . 
  so back to the point , many politicians say they eliminate/decrease said tax , and they will keep their promise to not seem 2faced , but soon new taxes with different names will come , because they somehow will have to solve the now deficit in the budget . 
  maybe he will give more welfare and delete empty bedroom tax but will make a new tax for people with cars , and we could again hear reasoning that this law is bad for poor people who are assigned cars etc. 
  taxes are there for a purpose , it is used to build the country and pay people working for the state so it actually gets back to people . 
  ( even if a politican would steal 10million euros from it , that is such a small number compared to yearly budget that it wo n't be even the 0,1 % of budget and will be unnoticed ) . 
  what im trying to say is , saying that taxes need to be decreased or eliminated is pure political trickery , if you want a different approach to it you should say from where you want to make the money for it . 
  here at least he said that the money will come from trident , but he did n't say he would use the money from it to solve the deficit from taxes , but rather said it is to use it for poor children and disableds . 
  i do n't know the numbers since they never really talk about it ( or maybe they did in the full debate ) , but changing seemingly little things about taxes result in billions . 
  but nonetheless this is an actual point he makes that he wants to stop trident . 
  ( problem is , public safety probably should n't be up for vote and the way should be chosen by military professionals . 
  but of course i do n't know anything about this matter , but seeing russia 's behaviour about ukraine , maybe this is not the best time to demilitarize . 
  weapons are not for only attacking other nations , but rather as a deterrent to not get attacked randomly )  0:45 i do n't know how familiar you are with the campaigns , but the opposite side has been saying that oil revenues were too unstable to be relied upon or counted upon . 
  i dont know who is right but does n't matter , he still on purpose exaggerated . 
  not to mention things like these should be not debatable , this could be proved by professionals in the field if there really is oil shortage or not , economic things should never be put up to a vote , but decided by skilled people . 
  only basic policies could be voted , like environmental friendliness etc. 
   in the full debate , a few minutes earlier he gets to speak on oil a little . 
  making the case that norway has 20 % of it 's gdp as oil revenue , scotland would have 15 % , so unless people consider norway unstable , scotland could n't be either . 
  again these things should not be debatable , 1 wrong does n't make 2 right . 
  these should be proved by data and not `` common sense '' . 
  and there could be a million difference between these 2 countries as to why it is more liability for scotland and not for norway . 
  i dont know if any parties showed data about their choice , but they should . 
  and until they do , talking about is only trying to make the other look dumb , which is again not a honest direct way of politics , but manipulation . 
   what the snp propose is that we accept some debt for a proportional amount of the national assets seems fair , i completely agree , but things are usually more complicated , i would probably need to hear the other side 's argument , because there could be many scenarios theoretically where it does n't work like that from pure materialistic perspective . 
  for example ( this is total fiction ) uk borrowed a lot of money so in 4 years they can invest in scotland farmlands because it is perfect place for it , and in 15 years the money could be paid back . 
  now if scotland gets autonomy before they even start to build farmlands , yet they already borrowed the money , they are in a shitty situation especially if they made some prearrangements in contracts/spendings , with this , scotland has no asset so he would n't have to pay any debt , yet it does n't seem fair does it if he does n't help paying back the money ? 
   4:20 : hospitals being mentioned are due to cost cutting in england . 
  scotland 's budget is decided in part by how much england spends on hospitals , so if they spend less , we have less to spend on our own services . 
  i dont know the situation but my problem was that he was accused of lying publicly about it , yet he just laughed it off , sadly we ca n't see his response , but seemed like there is no real response to that , because when you actually accuse someone of lying publicly , you have to have proofs else you could go to court for defamation . 
  ( as far as i know , but maybe scottish laws are different )  6:00 he 's talking about how the opposition are spending a lot on nuclear weapons when we as a country have rising child poverty rates . 
  well , i do n't even understand the concept of his , how can a child be poor , every child is poor until they start working . 
  but nonetheless , uk policy is of course the same as scotland 's would be in that regard , that they would n't allow death by hunger . 
  every democratic country in europe will try to solve things like that , so phrasing it like this is just exaggeration again .
