  you wrote this :  well . 
  that does n't seem to be true at all : http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/4721/umfrage/vergleich-der-anzahl-von-rechten-und-linken-gewalttaten/ before the edit . 
  that was what i responded to . 
  how should i have know if there was any kind of misunderstanding ? 
  how should i have known what you were going for ? 
  how about you ask how people mean something before you start accusing them of something they may have implied , but not explicitly said ? 
  how about tagging your edits , specifically to avoid such situations ? 
  how about embedding and commenting your links , so your post does not look like an / r/conspiracy post citing `` proof '' for the inside job theory ? 
  which is part of `` so far '' the extreme left is hardly a small group in germany . 
  i do n't think you can say that either left or right is more or less dangerous than the other . 
  they both have the potential to spawn groups of people or individuals , who are are extreme even compared to those who see violence as a legitimate tool to express their political views . 
  the most violent group of terrorists in germany so far have been from the extreme left . 
  there appear to be lots of motivations to kill people ... 
  maybe that was his motivation, 
  2 minutes of video made from 20 seconds of footage ... not bad, 
  cue : dramatic music from critical scene from a major hollywood blockbuster ( for the 3rd time ) higgs : * carefully puts 1kg weight on a precision scale * moderator : and this way , professor higgs has proven that gravity does indeed exists . 
  on this planet , it is about 9.8 n/kg strong - a revolutionary breakthrough in the world of physics . 
  you wrote that american cars all went to the nkvd , maybe you should have specified which cars exactly you mean if you did n't mean the lend and lease vehicles . 
  ] ( http://cdn.alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/jpg/happy-oh-stop-it-you.jpg ), 
   in total , the us deliveries through lend-lease amounted to $ 11 billion in materials : over 400,000 jeeps and trucks ; 12,000 armored vehicles ( including 7,000 tanks , about 1,386 [ 25 ] of which were m3 lees and 4,102 m4 shermans ) ; [ 26 ] 11,400 aircraft ( 4,719 of which were bell p-39 airacobras ) [ 27 ] and 1.75 million tons of food . 
  [ 28 ] [ lend and lease , wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lend-lease#us_deliveries_to_the_ussr ) a * lot * of the stuff the americans delivered either saw combat use , or was used to keep the soviet industry running . 
  the massive use of motorized infantry and rocket launchers that caused so much trouble to the german troops in the later years of the war would not have been possible without those vehicles . 
  it would be about 80km long - making that thing wide enough for cars would be extremely expensive , since it would have to have at least two lanes per direction in order to let emergency vehicles through . 
  speaking of which , they would be 40km away from the scene in a worst case scenario . 
  i also think that driving through a tunnel for an hour straight would be too much for some people , particularly flatlanders who are not used to them at all . 
  yes , but i thought the all went extinct in the 1954 tobacco mosaic virus epidemic, 
  that would only hit those who drink alcohol to have some fun . 
  people who are already addicted would create a bootleg market within months - a simple reflux still can be built for 100-200 $ , installed and run with minimal prior knowledge , and can produce everything from large amounts of the nastiest moonshine you wish you will never drink to small amounts of crystal clear vodka with a minimal investment . 
  a german online shop sells whole leaves for 8-12 $ / kg , which are not taxed for some odd reason . 
  i ca n't comment on quality though . 
  there 's also apparently a cigar rolling community in the usa , so there are a bunch of online shops that sell a huge selection of different leaves , and importing the finest [ add random carribean country here ] leaves from the us still costs a fraction of what you would pay for taxed cigarettes . 
  how did they get it in there , if they had to use a chainsaw to open it ? 
  just to expand on / u/intangible-tangerine 's post , the rifled gun can still fire sabot round normally fired from smooth bore barrels . 
  the hesh rounds have a much lower muzzle velocity than the sabot rounds ( 670m/s compared to 1,534 m/s ) , but have better aerodynamic properties relative to their weight , giving them a higher effective range . 
  this kind of provocation is very rare in german tv , it 's traditionally exclusive to satire magazines and individual artists . 
  produced tv comedy shows are usually filled with cheap , stale jokes , and even if not very tame . 
  so it 's not really that b\u00f6mermann is a genious , it 's just that this kind of work came really unexpected in a country where most fluent english speakers start preferring english entertainment shows . 
  a video produced with a high effort and such a provocative nature is completely new to german tv . 
  this middle finger joke was just the icing on the cake, 
  i think they are both pretty transparent . 
  they both want to achieve something that is just completely delusional , and they both use straight violence to get there . 
  both groups use a completely out of whack version of history to base their ideology , and none are above creating conspiracy theories to make it all fit . 
  they are literally the same people , just with different flags and chants . 
  you ca n't make a crowd responsible for the actions of individual assholes . 
  there is no such thing as non-lethal weapons , only less lethal weapons . 
  watercannons should always be a weapon of last resort , just like tasers and bean bags . 
  at least this case spurred some kind of debate . 
  it 's a pity though that those responsible got off so lightly . 
   the only difference between the extreme right and the extreme left ist , that they have different ends - but they use the same means to achieve them my former politics teacher, 
  people can be very strongly against a politician , that does not mean they portray him as evil . 
   you 'll think he 's the most evil person on earth . 
  this was the way / u/jackblack2323 worded it , and it implies that people did * not * just strongly criticize obama , like the `` very intelligent people '' you were referencing probably do . 
  it implies that they repeat the usual bullshit mantras associated with people who cite fox news as a credible news source , idolize people like rush limbaugh , or do whatever they are told in some kind of fundamentalist church . 
  just take a look at the media in the us ... fox news , all those podcasters and radio hosts , they all have absolutely no interest in creating a political discussion and informing their `` customers '' . 
  all they want to do is push their agenda , and have absolutely no hesitation to twist the truth or outright lie to achieve that end . 
  if that 's not an attempt at brainwashing an entire segment of the population , i do n't know what else is . 
  another american specialty are all those churches pushing their political agenda to their members . 
  it 's the most base form of brainwashing - not only repeating the same bullshit mantra over and over again , they also actively force their members to do so via peer pressure . 
  the fact that there are political candidates whose entire platform revolves around religious agenda is a testament to its success . 
  really ? 
  that is indeed good news . 
  this has nothing to do with simple hate or love , it 's about hating or loving someone to a degree that is completely delusional to an outsider . 
  someone going on the streets calling obama fascist or communist , and see him as the literal worst person on earth , is clearly delusional . 
  [ i like your username ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/nageln )  nageln ( third-person singular simple present nagelt , past tense nagelte , past participle genagelt , auxiliary haben )  - to nail ( to hammer or drive a nail into something ) - to nail ( of a male , to have sexual intercourse with a female ), 
   you 'll think he 's the most evil person on earth . 
  i think that 's a good example for brainwashed american people , it 's just the opposite of the way it is in russia , and a lot less malign . 
  ( since they likely wo n't support their favorite president as vocal as they hate obama ), 
  in order to get out of north korea they need to cross an icy river and travel a long distance through china without getting caught , yet some * still * try to escape . 
  i think that shows pretty well just how exhausted they are . 
   a * constitutional * monarchy does n't apply to saudi arabia, 
  being the successor of someone who did terrible things is not a crime , and it 's not something you need to be ashamed of . 
  you should not take any information that shows your ancestors in a bad light personal - it 's not your crime . 
  the turkish people as awhole are not responsible for the things ordered by a ruling dynasty and their cronies , commited by individuals who are long dead . 
  the only responsibility you people have is think critically about your past , accept the mistakes that were made as such and make sure it never happens again . 
  by flatout rejecting all information that does not align with your view of history as some kind of conspiracy you 're making a clown of yourself and your people - how are we supposed to take you serious ? 
  maybe you should take a look at the faq section of askhistorians , it 's a very professional place , and a far more trustworthy source of information than the words of a single individual, 
  you double posted . 
  what happens when they run out of people to fill the offices ? 
  well , after the mongol invasion was over there was absolutely no way it could have gotten worse . 
  except the black death . 
  things also improved a fair bit at the end of the 19th century , when russia finally started to become a bit more modern - who knows how the country would have turned out to be without the first world war and subsequent events wrecking everything . 
  i agree . 
  everything they write can not be true , so it serves as a very trustworthy negative news source . 
  yes , i think there 's a list on the wikipedia article about lend and lease . 
  cars and trucks were the most significant , but also chemicals , industrial equipment , high octane fuel and such things . 
   germans i see here act like a sliver of patriotism is going to start wwiii nationalism is really frowned upon here , but there is still often a very condescending attitude and ignorance towards others , particularly eastern european countries ( which we typically do n't know anything about ) it 's also very common to turn a blind eye on domestic issues while being proud of `` our '' achievements - which is a typical element of nationalism . 
   the food is the best among germanic-language countries of europe that 's ... very diplomatic . 
  add the `` does not understand jokes '' and you got the walking clich\u00e9 of a german . 
  the sad truth is that this is a fitting description of a lot of people here ( edit ) i 'm not meaning to imply that this is the norm though . 
  do n't ask . 
  conspiritards are on the rise . 
  i 'm not even surprised to see this reference here . 
  i 'm just surprised that nobody seems to be confused about it . 
  stop it with all that salt , it hurts, 
  twice, 
  brittany : the house my parents rented had no corkscrew . 
  we had to drink cider instead . 
  those toilets are really rare , i only know them from my grandparent 's home and shitty , old hotels . 
  i do n't think they have been in production the last few decades . 
  * / u/cptbigglesworth gains 5 power projection *,
