  damn , that looks like a fucking space tank !, 
  the dirt on the right side has significant visible shading indicating depth , but the spot in the center looks almost completely flat . 
  how can you tell it 's 2-3cm deep ? 
  you got ta have something to post on facebook to prove you were there !, 
  was n't alexanders body taken to egypt by ptolemaios ? 
  by `` a room full of dirt '' he did n't mean a room filled to the ceiling , he meant a room covered in dirt . 
  which is in immediate contact with an artifact, 
  how did he defend them ? 
  i really ca n't follow your train of thought, 
  turns out the football team indirectly defeated brazil too, 
  those were the old leopard tanks , phased out of use in germany a decade ago . 
  the problematic tanks are `` marder '' ( ifv ) and `` boxer '' ( apc ) , of which only half are currently fit for use . 
  ... yet it was one of the hottest moments of the cold war . 
  the tank commanders on both sides had orders to shoot if neccessary . 
  is ... is that genuine ? 
  i thought fn was more oriented towards military and special forces , like h&k, 
  good to hear that germany is not the only country with reliability issues in its arsenal . 
  `` schwarz '' is the parent company of lidl and kaufland , in case anyone is wondering . 
  only about half of all vehicles are operational right now . 
  not just tanks and choppers , it 's pretty much everything . 
  thank you very much , it is always interesting to hear insight from people who have stakes in the matter . 
  what do you think , how would this affect you ? 
  also , do you think there will be nationalistic tensions between the two states , or would both sides accept the situation ? 
  by the way , this typo made me chuckle a bit :  the kingdom of aragorn, 
  i wonder how many lawn sprinklers exist in ireland . 
  you can probably count them on one hand . 
  it would not be a huge improvement , zero sum at best . 
  you would get a less incompetent conservative ruling party with even more incompetent opposition . 
  i think i know [ the protagonists ] ( http://www.understandfrance.org/images/asterixobelix.jpg ), 
  i 'm not sure about the exact mechanism , but iirc it has to do with the permeability of the cell membrane . 
  may have to do with osmosis or polarity of the molecules . 
  i do n't know if it is related , but if you have 92 % ethanol and pour it on water without stirring there will be a phase difference between the two - the ethanol floats on top and only slowly mixes with the water . 
  typical booze however will mix almost instantly . 
  if there 's pressure on it , the beer can only come out of the pipe , so even if dirt falls onto the hole it wo n't get into the pipe . 
  if there is no pressure dirt can fall into it and ruin the beer . 
  of course this is assuming you dig a hole and drill from above !, 
  if you below the pipe you wo n't have that problem . 
  alcohol in beer acts as a preservative , but many bacteria or fungi can survive in it . 
  if you want to use ethanol ~ ~ for sterilization ~ ~ as antiseptic , a 70 % ( vol ) is the optimum . 
  concentrations above that are actually worse !, 
  but even if the beer does n't get contaminated with potentially harmful germs they could not sell the bottles affected . 
  that would be a shame !, 
  edit :  [ here ] ( http://www.wisegeek.org/why-is-alcohol-a-good-antiseptic.htm ) is a more detailed link about antiseptic is an article about antiseptics, 
  be careful with contamination . 
  make sure there is pressure in the pipe before drilling into it !, 
  which is an excellent series by the way . 
  and the elbe does not even exist yet :'(, 
  what does bloody sunday have to do with what i just described ? 
  edit : bloody sunday was half a century after the events we were talking about , was not 19th century style organized retaliation , and was an isolated incident . 
  it was also a pr desaster , just what i described as prime motivation for the british not to butcher the irish in droves , in spite of clearly having the means to do so . 
  i think another factor is that the uk had no interest in massacres right at their doorstep . 
  would have been pretty bad press had they started massacrating entire villages in retaliation for acts of terrorism close to them , as was fairly common the time before . 
  wait for him to die . 
  everything else will either support his position , or his legacy if he gets killed . 
  the problematic thing is the fallout that comes attached to it . 
  it gives trafficers a much easier time going after their business !, 
  it 's not all nice and pretty about it . 
  the only practical way to keep that in check is to either regulate the business , which would hurt the legal prostitutes who see anonymity as essential for their profession , or to ban it . 
  good to see that abuse of the term `` premium '' is also practiced in neighbouring countries . 
  [ 29c beer ] ( http://src.discounto.de/pics/angebote/2013-01/408146/433315_turmbraeu-premium-pils_xxl.jpg ) is clearly `` premium '', 
  well , in youtube comments it 's very difficult to find comments that do n't throw hatespeech or utter ignorance at each other . 
  on worldnews there are also a lot of people throwing stoner-logic at each other , and usually some reasonable people deep into the thread . 
  do n't need no tag if you 've got gabbers, 
  before german spelling got the proper prussian ordnung , `` tee '' was also spelled with ` th ' for no good reason . 
  maybe it 's similar in danish ? 
  there is some correlation to these markings and actual terrain features in some places . 
  you have to keep in mind that seeing the coastline from a ship and on a map looks completely different . 
  large features can be easily missed if you do n't constantly plot your own course on the map , so for example the large bay on the north coast of crete was lost . 
  meanwhile smaller features , which are not visible on larger maps , are immediately noticeable from sea . 
  that 's why they are marked with fairly good detail in some places . 
  the southern coast of crete is a good example , it looks pretty good if you ignore the general shape of the island , and count every feature that deviates from a straight line by 5-10km . 
  another example is the bay of thessaloniki in greece . 
  when you 're sailing in along the north shore , you 'll pass five bumps , two on the peninsula and three more before you reach the harbor . 
  these are clearly marked on the map . 
  however , the general shape of the bay is completely off . 
  have fun getting back the balkans first . 
  even many villages away from major cities are connected with separated bike lanes now . 
  feels much better to have a bunch of large trees separating you from drunk drivers . 
  grindentured servitude, 
   diuseldorfas that looks really funny . 
  is `` iu '' a digraph corresponding to our '' \u00fc '' ? 
  i do n't know , i 'd prefer a cool beer over getting stung . 
  the late roman empire was not much more roman than the later hre , with pretty much the entire fighting force consisting of various germanic people , emperors coming from the provinces , and the western capitals being moved to cities like trier , milan and ravenna instead of rome . 
  the problem is more likely that there was never an effort to clear up all the inconsistencies in the language . 
  most other european languages went through several cleanup operations . 
  german spelling for example was a similar mess before the reforms undertaken in the 19th century . 
   anschlusszeit ftfy i was about to lecture you about the deppenleerzeichen ( idiot 's space ) , but then i saw your tag . 
  is it that time again ? 
  property quality is factored in . 
  it 's been a while since i signed my contract , so i do n't remember the specifics , but the area of the appartement was multiplied by a weight factor to get the resulting price . 
  having 51 % of the vote does not give you absolute power over the remainder , at least not in any sane democratic system on this planet . 
  there must always ways for the minority to protect itself from the tyranny of the majority . 
  i 'm not saying that you 're wrong about the scottish question , which i do n't know anything about . 
  but your point that the scots must jump when 51 % say `` jump '' is simply wrong . 
  they secretly attempted to circumnavigate the earth with a drone . 
  even if they took data only , it 's hardly representative for the pricing of internet plans . 
  just a hypothetical example : the cheapest provider offers a 5gb plan for 20 $ a month , and a 50gb plan for 40 $ a month . 
  according to the 35 $ criteria , you would get 5gb for 35 $ , but in reality you only pay 20 $ . 
  meanwhile , the cost efficient 50gb plan does n't factor into the statistic at all . 
  the joys of living in an old city are endless !,
