the french king had a lot of power , but he still had the same dilemma most established authoritarian rulers face ( d ) : they depend on a lot of people to uphold their power . 
  without the nobility the french king was a man with a crown , entirely powerless . 
  the nobility resisted change , at all cost . 
  few of them would have been able to keep the stuff they depended on to maintain their standard of living - land and privileges . 
  and they ran the country . 
  had the king accepted the demands that came up in the years leading up to the revolution they would have turned him into a puppet and blocked every attempt of a reform , up to and beyond the point of no return where everything collapses . 
  this is almost always the problem when an authoritarian country starts to run into trouble . 
  the leadership may potentially consist of clever individuals , but the establishment is like a mindless mob that , if neccessary , will use force to keep its status . 
  sorry if this is a bit off-topic , but i 've seen a couple of people with a republican flag as tag . 
  may i ask why ? 
  the only kind of institutions that can survive this kind of near sighted behavior are the ones with government sanctioned monopolies . 
  newspapers will simply cease to exist when making bad economic decisions , organizations like gema will only be an ever greater burden to those they milk . 
  he handled being torched with a flamethrower very well though . 
  i do n't like the guy , but few people would be able to respond quickly , without losing sure footing , without babbling bullshit . 
  he basically completely destroyed sonneborns accusation of acting in self interest , that there is absolutely no relation between the law sonneborn referenced and personal fuck ups in a politicians past . 
  he said that as a politician your mistakes will be reported on and never forgotten , and that you have to accept them as such . 
  i wonder what they will use to protect our own airspace , now that our only working jets are in estonia ... edit : estonia , not latvia ... 
  us germans already had the pleasure of watching the comedic drama `` leistungsschutzrecht f\u00fcr presseverleger '' by vg media , now they are producing a spin off for the rest of europe . 
  we 're all sitting in one boat !, 
  i 'm far from an expert on the topic , i just love reading about history . 
  most of what i said is more or less taken from the book i linked above . 
  about korea ... well , i know a bunch of koreans so i get a constant feed of what is going on over there , which is not pretty . 
  it 's like a much more corrupt version of japan . 
  politics far further back than 150 years can influence nations today . 
  the consequences of slave export from africa are still felt today , and slave export from africa goes further back than triangle trade . 
  it is something that we often do n't account for . 
  we usually look at a timespan of a generation or so , the distant past is so remote that we just do n't consider that it plays such a huge role . 
  and then we wonder why the hell we ca n't properly democratize the rest of the world . 
  the countries that now mostly respect the basic civil rights that we westerners value so much are the exact same countries that took part in the discussion about these very rights 200 or more years ago , and had people fighting for these rights for more than a century now . 
  for us germans for example going out and demonstrating or striking has become part of our culture . 
  if the people were as discontent with the government as , say , the koreans , hell would break loose . 
  meanwhile the koreans , who are fairly new to western ideals , have teeny weeny demonstrations that get squashed by riot police before anyone sees them while their government proceeds to arrest artists who [ dare insult dear president park ] ( http://i2.wp.com/www.koreabang.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/president-park-satirical-poster.jpeg?resize=500%2c649 ), 
  thanks for letting us through . 
  edit : obviously i mean the quick road connection to france . 
  * cough *, 
  try ordering online . 
  / r/darknetmarkets and [ deep dot web ] ( http://www.deepdotweb.com/ ) are good place to get started . 
  shops that open on sunday would be a nice first step, 
  russians were very late to industrialization . 
  the absolutistic government was very hostile to it , fearing that it would pave the way for a government change , so they only started extensively building railroads in the late 19th century . 
  public education was also very late , i think it started in the 1860s or so . 
  germany on the other hand was among the first to industrialize on mainland europe , and prussia in particular was among the first in the world with widespread literacy , enacting general education in the early 18th century . 
  so the formerly german part of poland had a more than a century headstart in education , and half a century in industrialization . 
  prussia , the part of germany that is now polish , was also considered to be german homeland , while it was always conquered territory to the russians . 
  edit : if that topic interests you , there is a fantastic book about your exact question : [ `` why nations fail '' ] ( http://www.amazon.com/why-nations-fail-origins-prosperity/dp/0307719219 ) by daron acemoglu and james robinson . 
  it goes through many historical developments in different time periods and different places on this world that show why some parts of the world are now well developed while others are not . 
  what you 're describing is simply not what `` freedom of religion '' means . 
  it 's the opposite . 
   a close alliance it resembled a tribal federation more than an alliance . 
  there were lots of internal wars that ravaged the hre , it rarely acted in common interest  `` cuius regio , eius religio '' that 's got to be the most perverted definition of `` religious freedom '' i 've ever come across . 
  it means that people are allowed to worship whatever they fucking please , not the freedom of the state to enforce it . 
  poes law is strong here . 
  really ca n't tell if you 're a troll or an ideological time traveller from 200 years ago . 
  you ca n't really compare the governmental systems of today and the past without taking the society into account . 
  yes , monarchies have absolutely been the gold standard government all over the world for a very long time - but the few that are left are mostly artificial constructs supported by foreign money or entirely powerless . 
  what is `` natural '' is changing at a rapid pace . 
  the classic authoritanian systems that dominated the world after the monarchy became obsolete are either changing at a rapid pace ( china for example ) or start to crumble ( syria , egypt ... ) who knows what the future will bring ? 
  only one thing is sure : the boundaries that define the nationstates we all live are vanishing , fast . 
  so fast that we do n't have any precedence cases and models we can look at to predict where we will be 20 , 30 or 40 years from now . 
  globalization is `` f\u00fcr uns alle neuland '' . 
  few countries on this planet do n't have either significant immimgrant populations or large numbers of expatriates that make the formerly sharp borders much less important than they used to be in the pre world war world . 
  democratic systems were experimental at best during the 19th and early 20th century , but nowadays it has become a gold standard - so important that even openly authoritarian systems use phony `` democracies '' to legitimize their actions towards the increasingly more globalized citizens . 
  `` especially former west germany '' `` dresden '' i think you should look that up on a map :d in many cases the solid brick walls of the buildings survived and bricks from destroyed walls were used to repair damage to the front side , which is why you ca n't easily recognize rebuilt from spared buildings . 
  ww2 was 66 years ago in 2011 . 
  the people born in germany during these times mostly went through periods of malnourishment in the late stages of the war and the time immediately after - i would think this has an impact on the life expectancy . 
  - small talk among strangers is very uncommon , instead people will prefer to ignore you even if they sit right next to you in public transport . 
  do n't be intimidated by the barrier of silence , most people are a lot less grumpy than they appear at first glance . 
  - this goes mostly to any asians who are coming here to study , but may apply to some other europeans and their decendants : if you need help moving your stuff or have any other problem other people may be able to help you with , ask them directly asap . 
  if you do n't they will assume you do n't need help . 
  edit : important info , this applies mostly to northern germany . 
  i think cynicism is something we all have in common ... including northerners, 
  byow - bring your own wood, 
  vodka can be made from anything containing sugar . 
  rye , wheat , corn , molasses ... whatever you could * potentially * use to make alcohol , someone probably makes vodka from it . 
  ** cork man beat wife to death with slippers **, 
  let 's not pretend that direct democracy is the solution to all problems . 
  indirect democracy does not always represent the will of the voters , but that can be a good thing - masses of people can very quickly mobilize and make extremely stupid decisions that elected politicians would not make so quickly . 
  how about the minaret referendum in switzerland ? 
  that was the direct result of direct democracy , driven by xenophobic demagoges and voted for by people who never saw a muslim in real life . 
  or the referendum about the school system in hamburg , promoted by rich fucks who feared their spoiled kids could come into contact with those of `` lower classes '' , which ended up wasting millions of tax-payer money that had been invested in schools that became obsolete over night and resulting in huge chaos . 
  or the outstanding referendum in catalonia , driven by nationalistic sentiment , threatening to tear apart the country with unforeseeable consequences for the local economy . 
  indirectly elected politicians * in a working system * are not exempt from making this kind of policy . 
  but they have much higher stakes in the consequences of their actions than the individuals who vote for a referendum - they will be directly responsible when they fuck up . 
  a guy voting on a referendum is responsible to nobody but himself . 
   an official state department report update disclosed russia has 1,643 nuclear missiles ready to launch they apparently did n't bother to double check . 
  they have 1643 * warheads * on nuclear missiles ready for launch . 
  the entire article is very confusing . 
   in july , ( korvin mikke ) declared in english that the minimum wage should be `` destroyed '' and said that `` four million niggers '' lost their jobs in the us as a result of president john f kennedy signing a bill on the minimum wage in 1961 . 
  he went on to claim that 20 million young europeans were being treated as `` negroes '' as a result of the minimum wage . 
   korwin-mikke has also called for the vote to be taken away from women , has claimed that the difference between rape and consensual sex is `` very subtle '' and said that adolf hitler was `` probably not aware that jews were being exterminated '' . 
  damn , this guy is a walking stereotype . 
  [ push button for drama ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=316azlyfazw ), 
  [ damn ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/zetelverdeling-fk-2014.png ) [ here , i got something to neutralize the pain ] ( http://www.dw.de/image/0,,17115161_302,00.png ) i hope it cancels out . 
  it 's funny that growing marijuana is so cheap that they plan on beating market prices by half using the * military * to grow it . 
  [ karpfen blau ] ( http://www.lecker.de/media/redaktionell/leckerde/kochschule/rezeptklassiker/hbv_25/karpfen/hbv_1324/karpfen-blau.jpg ) - carp cooked in acidic brine , with potatoes , onions and butter . 
  i thought the sarcasm was obvious , 
  you 're right , the diagonal contrast from top left to bottom right does n't match with the shadow on the mosaic . 
  but it looks very odd - what kind of mound causes such a clear cut contrast ? 
  i would expect much more inhomogenous shading . 
  i would love to see a high quality image of this .
