  raiding can be fun . 
  pvp almost always fun to watch for me . 
  a question here . 
  i 've been leveling tank through a past few weekends but due to constant 585 error for a last few days i 'm only lvl 15 . 
  do n't you think that sometimes while dodging it is possible to lose agro ? 
  while fighting mob packs i find it sometimes more efficient to dodge heavy nukes but to take some damage to keep pack attacking me . 
  so is it me being bad and i should maybe be able to keep agro while dodging or is it better to lose agro sometimes ? 
  thanks . 
  imagine the following situation :, 
  i 'm playing adc . 
  our line is going pretty even . 
  top lane too . 
  mid just keeps feeding . 
  before anything could be done his opponent got 3 kills and a decent cs advantage and continue snowballing . 
  what are my actions in this situation ? 
  is it my mistake that i have n't been trying to help mid when i 've realised that he 's doing poorly and our jungler ca n't do anything about it ? 
  thanks . 
  because i was hitler in a previous life apparently and my karma is shit i tend to blindly pick the most underpeforming class in almost all mmo 's i try . 
  so it 's tank-warrior so far . 
  surely i 'm gon na stick with this choice anyway . 
  the funny thing is that a well-made pokemon-type mmo would have probably become more popular than most current ones . 
  that was pretty painfull joke , you know . 
  my hopes just got very high for a second . 
  well , after putin has raised gas prices for ukraine he can easily redirect those money to crimea . 
  right !, 
  if that 's the way you want it -- cardinal !, 
  poke her with the soft cushions !, 
  upvote for visibility, 
  those who speak spanish should really like that name . 
  that 's too bad . 
  i 've played sw ` bout a year ago ( maybe more ) and it was really nice game then . 
  it had it 's issues of course but not in the early game . 
  mind telling me what had happend ? 
  just interesting . 
  good for you . 
  hopefully not . 
  we all know how it goes . 
  buff-lcs-wannabes in ranked-nerf to the ground . 
  `` all the good countries '' is pretty vague , you know . 
  * vodka summit, 
  cold war and modern media . 
  internet tends to make things slightly better though . 
  try jax or tryndamere . 
  it 's easier to carry with them in low elo . 
  you ca n't oneshot enemy carries as a tank . 
  and that 's basically that most low elo trynds and jax tend to do . 
  you do n't really have to splitpush even . 
  win the lane . 
  start roaming . 
  grow to god-lvl . 
  carry your team to the victory . 
  silver 5-3 people have no idea what to do about it . 
  first ranked match today . 
  wow - . -, 
  they can boycott qualification just to be sure . 
  if someone thinks that 1984 is about spying on people he have probably missed the point . 
  the reference is kinda forced to be honest . 
  if donetsk goes to russia it will cripple ukranian economics even more . 
  damn . 
  totaly forgot to save the screenshot i 've made earlier today . 
  time to try zonyans , ga zilean . 
  exept ukranians think that they will join eu a bit faster . 
  like in a couple of years . 
  and speaking of europe they think about paris and berlin not about slovakia or croatia . 
  so for some people higher income and lower taxes is not the point . 
  i 'm not even talking about simple patriotism . 
  ask riot support . 
  that 's in fact where you should have started . 
  that 's not even close to be the stupidest thing they have come up with for the last few years . 
  cold war-era actions might have something to do with it . 
  i do n't need your fuckin ' sympathy , man , i need my fucking johnson !, 
  can we please once again see yi soloing baron in 5 seconds with stacked flare as the only item ? 
  i mean , nobody is deleting this item from the game . 
  there still will be divercity when it comes to jungle . 
  but it will be nerfed and this nerf is well-needed . 
  rageping . 
  rageping is the only answer . 
  yeah , fuck that man for saying that he 's sorry . 
  nobody should do that . 
  ever . 
  mind naming some other items that allow you to do similar stuff ? 
  should also give fear on first aa, 
  try working on all role till you are comfortable with all of them to the point when you are sure that you can most of the time go even or carry . 
  by that moment you 'll get enough game experience to decide what you like playing most and likely some favorite champions too . 
  so kust keep filling and your problem will solve itself . 
  so you are saying it is possible to deliver both shen and ori ults on invisible twitch ? 
  so i guess i know what i 'm doing tonight . 
  those bloodthirsty luxembourgians !, 
  and jinx 's sister . 
  who also have killed the elder yasuo was protecting . 
  was to be expected tbh . 
  still rather painfull news . 
  as one of many russians who actually disagrees with actions of the government to the point of protesting i thank you . 
  it is so kind of you to think not only about a bunch of politicians who are responsible but to care about whole russian population that did nothing to deserve such an attitude . 
  we ca n't even stop him from becoming a president as many times as he wants . 
  what jail are you talking about ? 
  i 'm sorry but get real . 
  not to mention the absurdity of proposed measures . 
  he 'd be a great support . 
  yelling inspiring orders from the backline as a true king .
