  check the philosophers of that time . 
  that was partly the reason why the revolution was even possible . 
  and no , napoleon have n't `` taught '' anyone anything . 
  that was n't his priority . 
  what he did was for his country not for the higher purpose . 
  and he kinda attacked other countries ( check portugal ) and got thousands of people killed . 
  just so unlike hitler you know . 
  you see its a problem of a point of view . 
  hitler is considered a monster not because of all the conqering but because of his ideolody . 
  and people tend to forget about it everytime because they are so used to think of him as a monster and napoleon and every other conqueror as of some `` guy with ambition '' . 
  doublethink is strong these days . 
  this sub is all about circlejerk . 
  that is the only thing this survey shows tbh . 
  omastar , is dat u ? 
  is he black ? 
  i mean if you kill everyone and leave him alive people would think that it 's because the colour of his skin . 
  so you should probably ghost that guy too . 
  not to be called a racist . 
  age 16, 
  no questions shaunz . 
  just thank you for doing this ama . 
  tahm 's and dunkmaster 's taunts are all pretty op . 
  oh , nice joke mate . 
  maybe if you continue repeating someone else 's posts long enough you would even be able to come up with something original . 
  step-two : lcs forg1ven 's toxocity level ? 
  so you are saying it 's somehow ok to flame four complete strangers in the game as long as you look ok in interview with thorin afterwards ? 
  nice . 
  yeah , his inability to play kalista when she was one of few top tier adc was n't even part of the problem . 
  i mean no one says that he was the only problem but you ca n't deny that he was a part of it . 
  sure . 
  i highly dislike a very certain part of it . 
  yay !, 
  i might even be able to make it home by then . 
  need more mourinho . 
  or as an option you can always play on ru . 
  you can constantly proclaim that you are feeding , proceed to 0-20 game , add any amount of racial slurs and walk away with it . 
  well , i think that pain can pull an upset againts clg . 
  sub jungler and tiltinglift . 
  [ i 'm sorry , but those gears ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfcue5rhbpa ), 
  it is very nicely done . 
  the only thing that bothers me is that it is very `` clean '' . 
  i mean , i do understand the reasons but it does n't look natural this way . 
  more like an expensive toy . 
  i 'm not sure that i was able to convey the thought correctly . 
  maybe someone else has a similar feeling . 
  yeah !, 
  that 's the word . 
  all new and shiny . 
  real tech rarely looks like that . 
  for me jatt is like michael owen of riot 's analysts . 
  and the big fuss about his commentary just builds up the hype for cloud9 games . 
  so , yeah , i hope riot wo n't change anything but also please let people hate him for these commentaries and argue and start holywars . 
  that 's all just part of any major sport event . 
  i 'm confused , reddit . 
  what circlejerk should i support ? 
  i was n't all that hyped about kindred . 
  and then the vo . 
  god bless those who made it . 
  but ... but ... but ... 
  i 've already got myself a pitchfork ... 
  i 'm very emotional about this game sometimes . 
  tried muting people but that never worked for me . 
  more than once i 've found myself more focused on proving that someone else is wrong than the game itself even before i mute the guy . 
  and i felt like shit after those games . 
  so that 's the way that helped me more . 
  not saying thatbits a better way . 
  ref got some balls ... 
  ... just left them at home , i guess . 
  or math . 
  something something fuck costa . 
  make spacerace not baserace . 
  ok . bard removed . 
  working report system for ru server . 
  or this . 
  and even good vayne players are toxic whiners most of the time . 
  that 's my experience though . 
  could be completly wrong . 
  i usualy allow everyone else to pick whatever they want so that our team would have 4 players on their strongest or 2nd strongest position . 
  the thing is with allowing people to take what they want you are decreasing chances that they 'll feed and increase that they 'll carry . 
  imagine yellowstar picking zilean just to troll you . 
   ninja has more talent than keane, 
  and this conclusion is based on what exactly ? 
  you understand that you are comparing the guy who have played several splits in lcs and had his ups and lows and basicaly guy who has barely played ? 
  and you are focusing basicaly on keane 's worst games . 
  i wanted this :, 
  same , unfortunately . 
  add this to being arsenal and torpedo moscow fan . 
  fml . 
  i 'm russian and pretty old . 
  still remember them being one of the top teams . 
  not my point really . 
  i 've started following arsenal in 98-99 season . 
  so i remember the glory days . 
  and i remember the invincibles . 
  and the way arsenal perform when they are at top of their form . 
  and now team is struggling and is only a shadow of former self . 
  there are talented players and moments when you look at them and see that arsenal sure but they are too inconsistent . 
  well , the same you can say about gambit . 
  pretty much . 
  though the only trophy i 've really witnessed winning was the cup in 1993 .
