  it 's not like he 's changing it for vulcun forever . 
  i 'm still on that `` pain '' stage . 
  do n't know why are you getting downvoted . 
  i speak russian , english , spanish ( losing it rapidly without any practice ) , bit french and have been studing german back in school . 
  english is one of the easiest languages to learn . 
  36 weeks, 
  it 's a dickplane . 
  2 weeks, 
  what if my best friend is me ? 
  if you are obsessed with winning to the point of forgetting your manners you probably should stop playing for a while . 
  more like `` oh no . 
  i 've been a jerk because of a freaking computer game '' . 
  yeah . 
  better stop playing . 
  not banning thresh was so stupid . 
  lord bendtner for he is the greatest striker that ever lived . 
  lucky you . 
  the thing is that some russian troops may then appear to feel an irresistible urge for so syria vacation . 
  that was done million times before during the cold war . 
  with all those `` same as '' i think that table would be a bit better of a fomat for this . 
  you are too old for the internet if you remeber him , dude . 
  that 1998 kit though . 
  i 'm sorry but that probably means that you are `` not there yet '' . 
  which means that on your current elo lvl you are not a good player . 
  you get weak lane opponent - you carry . 
  strong one - you feed . 
  that is not the only explanation but the most probable one . 
  if i were you i would focus only on that games you 've end up feeding . 
  was that the result of you trying to make plays when you were behind ? 
  were you not playing carefully and let your opponent to snowball ? 
  had that happen because you did n't know the matchup ? 
  after you learn not to feed and keep kinda even on lanes that you are losing it will be much easier for you to rise . 
  one universal rule is to play extra careful when you are behind and you are not sure that you can prevent lane from snowballing . 
  maybe even losing cs . 
  also try to keep in mind that game does n't end on the laning phase but can easily be lost there . 
  `` i 'm from eu and na  eu '' - richard nixon, 
  tbh they were looking pretty grim even before this . 
  most pensions in russia are barely enough to survive . 
  i 'm russian . 
  why did you stop at g2 ? 
  try this, 
  so basicaly silence +100 % slow ? 
  totti is the reason i like roma of all italian teams . 
  forg1ven incoming . 
  i 'm not changing my flair till complexity is back to lcs . 
  and i 'm not even from na . 
  well . 
  you had azir . 
  of coarse you won . 
  he 's op as fuck . 
  nothing changes in three month . 
  that 's just your perception . 
  mid : but i ca n't play anything else !, 
  i 've started playing too late to get championship riven . 
  oh , the tragedy . 
  everything has been said before, 
  there 's nothing left to say anymore, 
  when it 's all the same, 
  you can ask for it by name, 
  i was asking for gank for 20 minuts !, 
  0 ganks !, 
  report jungler !, 
  sk vs. picks and bans . 
  round 2 . 
  eu team playing . 
  jesiz pick fking ziggs !, 
  you ca n't play anything else !, 
  he got tired of this cruel world . 
  january 2016, 
  riot need to allow 4th teams from na and eu to compete for that wildcard spot . 
  if some team is better than 4th na and eu team - no problem , let them go to worlds . 
  otherwise these wildcard teams are just free points . 
  and they are not in korea . 
  yeah . 
  competing for wild card spot with 4th place teams still leaves a chance for team like dp . 
  if they fail they are most likely to go 0-6 on worlds . 
  fifa wc is n't really a model since every year more people start talking about how fun it was with less teams . 
  when it was a competition between the strongest teams , you know . 
  tres . 
  japan , iraq and other small teams are still good enough to take points from the bigger ones . 
  wildcard teams in lol are just free atm . 
  i have never expected to see anyone with this flair . 
  can tsm surrender now to save their faces ? 
   wonder what regi and loco are gon na say then . 
  `` analists are shit for not rooting for us '', 
  his performance for spartak ( apart from injuries which should also be a concern ) was pretty much shit though . 
  just watch competitive scene and see what are the most contested picks . 
  that would be your top tier . 
  of coarse there are some differances for soloq but they are minor . 
  anal lis at its best . 
  win group b , my ass . 
  dude , as a fellow skeelz player i have an advice for you . 
  i got my dounia free when that was still possible but have checked current market offers and it was 250k . 
  tbh it is fairly easy to grind those money . 
  play daily tournaments for free credits . 
  save them till you have enough to buy boosters with newly released cards . 
  wait for some 4-5 lvl golden one to get released . 
  buy as many boosters as you can . 
  with the starting hype you are likely to sell it in the first few hours for 50k + . 
  with darien making vo for him .
