  that is why i want to see subs becoming more of a thing in competitive lol . 
  at this point g2 would lose nothing after switching trick for a inferior but less tilted jungler . 
  you should not forget that some teams or/and players tend to choke hard performing at the international level . 
  g2 underperformes massivly at msi and worlds . 
  friar trick, 
  got murdered by zven, 
  if skt wins i 'm losing 10 kilos the next month . 
  he was one of the best if not the best cis toplaner before moving to jungle . 
  oh , that 's simple . 
  you go to kgb and say that you are an experienced redditor looking for a job . 
  after that all you need to do is to go r/worldnews / now and then and say that russia is the greatest country in the world and everything it does is right . 
  putin is great btw . 
  you are correct . 
  putin does n't need to rig elections in russia to win and is still very popular . 
  there are three main reasons to that : 1 ) government-controlled media . 
  they do a great job really to justify any of putin 's actions . 
  and large part of the country still believes the news 2 ) while with the spread of the internet in russia most big cities and youth mostly have adopted some of western mentality most of the country is still stuck with soviet-era ways of thinking . 
  3 ) there is no real opposition . 
  navalny is there but i 'd rather die than trust him to run the country . 
  only thing that is remarkable about him is that he is not afraid to critisize the government . 
  at this point there is no one as experienced at politics as putin that is willing to contest him . 
  only western media concidered nemcov to be a real threat to putin . 
  by the time he died he has been a `` political corpse '' for years , tbh . 
  that is why it is more likely that he was killed by some of his shady business partners ( most russian politics and businessmen have some connection to russian criminals ), 
  is that solmyr at the background ? 
  calm down , dude . 
  rito had to send 1034472 jacket . 
  that is a pretty huge numer . 
  your 's is surely on its way . 
  i should become a porn actor then . 
  he looks like a son of george clooney and nicklas bendtner . 
  alex `` do n't call me alex `` alex sanchez '' sanchez '' sanchez, 
  i think diamond is pretty happy playing for gambit at the moment . 
  thanks , mate . 
  you are a savior . 
  yeah , lulu is more like gonorrhea, 
  i 'm a simple man . 
  i see alex ross , i upvote . 
  likkrit has good mechanics and knows how to play laning phase . 
  but afterwards he is a total disaster like half of his games . 
  his shotcalling mid to lategame is awful and him being a sore loser does n't help either . 
  m19 could have won so much more games this split should they not have a late-game macro of a soloq team . 
  so , yes , he is more mechanicaly gifted than edward . 
  but he needs a good shotcaller in his team . 
  edward is more reliant and experienced support player . 
  so it is really disputable . 
  tbh i 've played with some yasuo 's that were good . 
  even those few were toxic as fuck though . 
  raging , blaming and inting whenever they were not satisfied with a team . 
  it 's like there is certain something about an oriental swordsman with a tragic backstory and carry potential that makes people of a very specific mindset to main him ... 
  group mid and push . 
  by the time kog gets his items the game is over . 
  well , i guess that must be darien for cis . 
  i think `` crushed '' refered more to that 3-0 score than anything . 
  m19 can win for sure , two teams are pretty even in the early game but gambit 's lategame was a little bit better during the regular season . 
  kassadin 's daughter . 
   russian people as a whole hate western democracies, 
  words fail me . 
  how many russians have you met exactly ? 
  why on earth would you need an ign with a name like max soong ? 
  sorry if that 's the wrong place to ask it , guys , but i 've been trying to get full version of certain derek wallcot 's poem for quite a long time and failed . 
  the part of it can be seen here : http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/1998-04-19/travel/9804090169_1_nada-stones-egret, 
  but it interupts closer to an end . 
  can maybe someone post a full vertion ? 
  thanks . 
  guys , can someone explain to me how the challenger scene and promoting teams to lcs work right now ? 
  i mean where do those team that compete for three spots come from and when does it start ? 
  thanks . 
  hi everyone . 
  i played sw ` bout a year and a half ago and have n't visited the game since then . 
  i really loved the setting and story but pvp balance and endgame felt lacking for me . 
  so can anyone tell me what has changed ? 
  is pvp any fun now ? 
  are there still heavily dominating builds ? 
  what about endgame content ? 
  how many players are there ? 
  owerall what is current state of the game ? 
  thanks . 
  guys , sorry for the stupidity of the question but those timezones are killing me . 
  can anyone tell me how many hours till finals ? 
  [ darien has picked him up recently . 
  ] ( http://www.probuilds.net/darien ), 
  just a quick tip for those of you who are tired of constant flaming , raging and general toxicity of chat in lol . 
  step 1 . 
  drag the chat window to the edge of your screen so that none of chat is seen . 
  step 2 . 
  leave it there . 
  basically that have solved the toxicity problem for me . 
  i 've noticed [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pbgny2h.jpg?1 ) only when the dude scored td . 
  [ yeah . 
  ] ( http://data2.whicdn.com/images/90592937/original.gif ), 
  [ removed ], 
  [ murmana corki confirmed for worlds 2016 finals . 
  ] ( http://www.probuilds.net/genja ), 
  hi , guys , feel free to downvote as i have no idea if this question does even belong here . 
  i have a problem with european riot merch store . 
  the thing is : i live in russia . 
  that leave me with no possibility of purchasing goods directly from there . 
  so i thought that maybe someone had already faced the similar problem and can give me a hint what should i do or where i might ask . 
  thanks .
