  nice . 
  on the other hand : fiora and gp open . 
  pick quinn . 
  wtf ? 
  cis is shit . 
  most of ex-gambit players share this opinion . 
  it is an option to get payed and have practise while you have some team issues ( alex and diamond ) but not really a good career decision . 
  moon is so good at evelynn . 
  with all those pink wards he still managed to stay invisible . 
  it 's funny how casters are saying that it is the first jhin in competitive game when he was picked mid yesterday at lcl . 
  they are still alive !, 
  at moments like this i understand how much i miss phantoml0rd . 
  inb4 new name , same meme . 
  ao shin/10, 
  renegades are getting fucked over again and again by their own shotcalling mid-endgame . 
  like 1 out of 20 decisions they make is good . 
  every other backfires . 
  you are getting downvoted but i 'm afraid that might be true . 
  in russia with enough money you can pretty much bribe your way out of army . 
  and there are dozens of ways . 
  i 'm not sure about greece though . 
  those kog changes are so great !, 
  shaking fuco !, 
  philosopher 's stone returns . 
  tbh all this post looks like a desperate attempt to save fiora from further nerfs . 
  i shit you not . 
  just played with ad lb top in my team . 
  thanks , reddit . 
  at this point i would assume neville 's toad . 
  i mean they might come to this . 
  some day . 
  in pokemon epsilon and zeta maybe . 
  oh , glorious days of like a couple of years ago . 
  those were dark times !, 
  dark times indeed . 
  [ even more ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-f_ppuk9eice/vruc92cbjti/aaaaaaaalvg/ckl6rhhikkk/s1600/4xkftpg.gif ), 
  thought so . 
  too good to be true . 
  so the black company ? 
  cook is pretty popular here in russia among the older generation of readers . 
  mostly garrett , of course , but the black company is usualy his second thing people try . 
  get baron , end game . 
  lgbt festival would n't be allowed in russia . 
  there is a law against it . 
  kill riot with riot !, 
  ( and other not so important to mention regions ) . 
  thank you , op . 
  hate me whatever you want . 
  i 'm russian . 
  i 've started supporting arsenal not because of its history and of coarse not beacause it is my local club ( for those reasons i support torpedo ) but because of how team was playing . 
  and i am aware that it was wenger 's arsenal that i first saw , that i fell in love with and that i support with all my heart . 
  i 've seen good times . 
  i 've seen bad times . 
  and those were some truly shitty years recently . 
  but i still love wenger for what he 've done for this team and for the multiple arsenal teams he has created . 
  i do n't care if we do n't win any more trophys under him . 
  i 'm willing to let this man to end his career at arsenal on his terms whenever he wants . 
  because for me he is arsenal that i 've supported . 
  and i can wait . 
   no man is bigger than the club . 
  what do you even mean by that ? 
  people waving this phrase seem to fail to understand that board keep wenger not because he is the club legend at this point but because club is stable under him and functions with very small transfer investments . 
  do you really think that should wenger go the new coach will get 300mil on tranfers ? 
  or do you think someone will get much more of this team ? 
  i hate `` revolutionaries '' . 
  you people are realy good at explaining why we should break whatever system you do n't like but have no idea what to do next , when it 's broken . 
   the perfect season for the team, 
   city , united , and chelsea are all dire, 
  so you are saying we should get rid of wenger and join city , united and chelsea ? 
  because i have n't seen the answer for the following quesions :, 
   do you really think that should wenger go the new coach will get 300mil on tranfers ? 
  or do you think someone will get much more of this team ? 
  nice . 
   do you really think that should wenger go the new coach will get 300mil on tranfers ? 
  or do you think someone will get much more of this team ? 
  can you please answer before we continue this little conversation ? 
   i do n't know the answer to that question, 
  so how do you think assigning the new coach would magicaly bring us trophies and fame but not throw us to the mid-table to compete with liverpool for europa league ? 
  the only few ways i see is either wenger being totaly incompetent as a coach now so like anyone else would do better ( doubtful ) or us getting top-coach better than wenger ( also doubtful ) . 
  so midtable it is . 
  answering your question . 
  this season was also perfect for mu , chelsea and city . 
  but those three teams are all suffering from poor coach choices . 
  once again you are dodging uncomfortable questions . 
  i 'm very sorry but you have to answer them if you want to continue . 
   so how do you think assigning the new coach would magicaly bring us trophies and fame but not throw us to the mid-table to compete with liverpool for europa league ? 
  the only few ways i see is either wenger being totaly incompetent as a coach now so like anyone else would do better ( doubtful ) or us getting top-coach better than wenger ( also doubtful ) . 
  as i thought . 
  i am for moving forward . 
  tbh should klopp be available i 'd be happy to see him coaching our team . 
  but the change needs to be weighted . 
  that 's why i ask if guys demanding immediate wenger 's resignition know any better options that are available now . 
  because there is a huge risk to end up like united after sir alex left . 
  and if there are no better options on the table i 'm willing to let wenger continue building the team . 
  after he leaves we 'll take that risk no matter what . 
  in russian it is used by gamers but that 's more of a calque . 
  in russia we also have a huge population and are the best in the world at hockey ( either we or canadians ) . 
  we love soccer more than hockey . 
  we suck at it . 
  [ nah ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3v4jj5/elderwoodfiddlesticks_by_korhiper_on_deviantart/ ),
