  it did n't seem that he had something coming . 
  at first i was like : oh , i should try singed once more . 
  and then i kinda saw his kda . 
  [ obligatory . 
  ] ( http://finalfantasyviipc.com/images/media_bike_big.jpg ), 
  wow . 
  it 's more alive than the champion itself right now . 
  i can understand amusment of liverpool fan . 
  their attackers are rarely involved in goals nowadays . 
  and meanwhile moscow 5 ( the new one ) are n't going to iem cologne because of visa problems . 
  some things never change . 
  i can swear i 've seen the same post with the same jokes in the comments ` bout a year ago . 
  am i going mad ? 
  it all depends on what you like more . 
  the list itself is pretty good . 
  i 'd recomend foundation and gal\u00e1pagos . 
  they are by far my most favorite there . 
  all my favorite jungle champions are c-tier . 
  i 've always thought bergkamp to be smarter tbh . 
  and he already has some experience . 
  tbh even in russia like half of toplaners were looking great against meziljie . 
  he rarely can get to endgame without jungle help . 
  man , they should take your laugh if they decide to make another hyena skin . 
  so zed 's real name is john kramer ? 
  10/10 would have reported . 
  i like the idea behind this interview . 
  i hate the execution . 
  pause for another interview . 
  inb4 frontpage is flooded with pinoy deleting dl . 
  best picks and bans for over a year from gambet . 
  both diamond and edward speak pretty fluent english . 
  edward even lived like a year in us . 
  dlift is like lol 's steven gerrard . 
  well , insanity was clearly involved there . 
  that is very poorly written tbh . 
  far too many arguable statements to go without any analysis . 
  i like how czaru secured those 10 gold for genja distracting the enemy botlane . 
  true support . 
  if 26 is old i 'm a fucking living corpse by now . 
  i did everything i could to prevent it . 
  only to crimea . 
  rest of russia is still ok . 
  that 20.20 sona ult and flash . 
  why did j4 used full combo after seeing that blue is not there ? 
  while rumors are intersting i try to avoid actual leaks . 
  riot put a lot of effort into building up hype slowly . 
  and leaks kinda make all those efforts useless . 
  so : speculation is great , leaks are bad . 
  he 'll kinda need that back to carry them . 
  * outplays a minion . 
  ftfy, 
  since the sacking of coruscant !, 
  pressing r ai n't easy , mate . 
  i like that dust guy . 
  he 's already got a club named after him . 
  but the fact that we are paying our own dust for him is slightly troubling me . 
  you call that bold ? 
  terry slips and arsenal wins the league . 
  so support in my team desides not to build gold itemor sightstone and keeps taking creeps from our adc . 
  he is gold-smth . 
  he 's not exactly trolling as he thinks that building straight ap is the right way to win the game . 
  and those gold items or sightstone are just waste of money . 
  i guess my best option is not to report him at all . 
  right ? 
  he 's being playing much better in starladder . 
  the most troubling issue was overagressiveness tbf . 
  nah , that 's u/riothastur, 
  it all part of wenger 's plan . 
  he ca n't repair our defence so he 's buffing the attack so that we would just score more goals than gift to opponents . 
  le faker, 
  red horse  blue horse, 
  i see you 've practiced that signature a lot . 
  now when the most important thing is dealt with you can work more on the drawings themselves . 
  but anyways , cool signature . 
  i ca n't remember getting any good ones . 
  like ever . 
  still fun . 
  can confirm . 
  still have vodka left from ny-party . 
  do n't care about skins :d, 
  gmb is hidden op . 
  god . 
  i hate watching stoke games . 
  it 's not even football half the time . 
   around 6 weeks, 
  half a year it is !, 
  [ shoot him again !, 
  his soul is still dancing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfcvpfpxuni ), 
  amazing is too busy practicing with origen . 
  he ca n't answer . 
  that 's basically ru-server all the time . 
  red pony  blue pony !!, 
  ! 11111one, 
   `` once a bandle gunner , always a bandle gunner . '', 
  god dammit , riot . 
  now i have to play her . 
  he 's doing pretty good work emulating igor shevchenko from torpedo moscow . 
  ftfy, 
  op , can you please name some of your favorite books ? 
  so that i could decide whether i should trust your opinion or not ?
