  new support confirmed . 
  and my axe !, 
   the best thing they can do now is make a really solid product which is less ambitious than an mmo . 
  perhaps the bigger , better , sequel to bloodlines everyone wants , or something along those lines . 
  while i agree with idea that 's more of a wishful thinking . 
  i somehow doubt that ccp has resources for something like it right now . 
  so my idea is that they 'll still do nothing with ip despite of anything they say now . 
  they stared at the road . 
  `` maybe some terrorist -- ? '' aziraphale began . 
  `` not one of ours , '' said crowley . 
  `` or ours , '' said aziraphale . 
  `` although ours are freedom fighters , of course . '', 
  gone too far with that `` twitch rework '' , eh , riot ? 
  you 'll grow out of it , dude . 
  you are saying nice guy forgiven is possible ? 
  you should n't flame people . 
  i mean that 's not their fault that they are bad . 
  i usually try advicing something that will help them improve . 
  suicide , uninstalling lol etc. 
  join burger king . 
  no slavery . 
  only good old fashioned feudalism . 
  major armstrong skin is inevitable . 
  kilt is nigh inevitable . 
  guess that guy has watch only brotherhood . 
  that happens a lot nowadays . 
  mainsteam midlaner in a year . 
  as usual . 
  greek : \u03b2\u03c1\u1ff6\u03bc\u03bf\u03c2 , br\u00f3mos , meaning `` strong-smelling '' or `` stench '', 
  and great propoganda war continues . 
  if we start speculating here , his kit probably gon na inclued : sustain passive , self-sustain ability , buff or cc , massive ally protection ability . 
  there are still plenty mixed russian-ukranian teams both in dota and lol . 
  so not only gambit is concerned . 
  on the other hand the source is rather unreliable and i ca n't find any official statements on this matter . 
  the hero of poros , the man they call braum . 
  and that is not exactly bad . 
  it 's hard to balance champions by buffing them and not make them op . 
  so it 's circlenerf with an average power lvl staying somewhat the same . 
  there are many examples of game developers trashing the balance complitly because they are affraid that heavy nerf may cause players ' discontent . 
  i used to report every summoner code violation when i just started . 
  but the thing is that in low elo you 'll have to report people like 90 % of your games . 
  and i felt somehow bad about it . 
  i mean everybody can have a bad day . 
  so now i try to report player that are constantly toxic . 
  those guys that spend more time flaming than actually playing . 
  i 'm not sure if it is a right thing to do but otherwise i feel like an asshole for constantly reporting people . 
  zero fucks given by russian population . 
  but there are only 18 lvls . 
  he 'll never be able to evolve : ' - (, 
  going to the first ranked game with a champion and role you 've hardly practiced is not a good idea . 
  i know that that 's 20 lvls too early but 4 men in my team would have really appreciated not having that noob zyra support . 
  this needs more upvotes and forum topics on all servers . 
  the rest part of update is wonderful . 
  but `` rat-ta-ta-tat '' just sounds wrong . 
  should have named it `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' then . 
  just imagine deficio pronouncing it . 
  fsb-book . 
  no shit . 
  that is the first time when i 'm hyped about support champion . 
  to be honest the article is very misleading . 
  the fact is when it comes to soviet past some russians do feel sad about `` losing a great country '' but those who were born in the period after 1975 ( and that 's a majority now ) are very negative when it comes to bringing it back . 
  as for the article itself it just twists the facts to fit the main idea . 
  i mean putin brought up soviet example to justify taking crimea , patriotism was a milestone of his politics for ages and banning foreign travel by police officers is more to do with state of corruption inside police force not bringing back ussr . 
  but of coarse ignoring the facts and scaring people with `` return of evil ussr '' atm is too tempting to resist . 
  they were n't exactly popular at the start of the season . 
  coach 's unwillingness to bench zuna to the point of making him a jungler made things a bit worse but shit had finally hit the vent after bloodwater story . 
  well , it 's agatha . 
  i mean , have your even seen her ? 
  i can imagine this team not getting a single dragon . 
  those skins are pretty awesome . 
  worth . 
  [ this valoran ] ( https://www.google.ru/maps/place/valoran+usa/@30.2779959,-97.7457072,16z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x8644b5753d6f2f7d:0xc855162e9ecf0e5e?hl=en ) , i guess . 
  you have to be a dick ( or rather extremly selfish ) to really matter when it comes to poltics . 
  look at switzerland . 
  really wonderful country . 
  but who cares about it 's opinion ? 
  look at the usa on the other hand . 
  meh , just ewoks , i guess . 
  clg zuna confirmed, 
  somehow i 've managed to read the name as `` enzo '' . 
  that 's probably because i have n't played assassin 's creed but i have read `` snowcrash '', 
  trinity force jungler . 
  well at least he 'll be focus on league . 
  i heard that all that matters . 
  too soon, 
  what are the optimal runes for ad and ap now for beginners ? 
  upvoted because shakspeare . 
  so long op carry-junglers . 
  i gon na miss you . 
  smurf it ? 
  why should i smurf it ? 
  not a big deal . 
  that yasuo seems to be carrying . 
  nah ... that 's just the power of usa 's last last last really last warning . 
  the difference between skill level of na and eu casters is inversely proportional to the difference between na and eu teams ' skill lvl though . 
  where 's the fucking money , yanukovich ? 
  that seems to be true . 
  but you do n't think that the larger part of rebels are russian troops , do you ? 
  as a matter of fact it does n't take much effort to organise an angry mob . 
  not that again .
