  do n't believe the media so need you opinion here . 
  thanks . 
  but ... but ... that 's only because of leavers i 'm still not platinum ... 
  or let 's not agree . 
  that of all things will make him reconsider . 
  sure . 
  sorry , mate , `` common ukranians '' are above that shit really . 
  as a matter of fact it 's quite a good time to pull something like this off . 
  media 's and people 's attention if focused on crimea and though this is noted no one will care much as the referendum is coming soon . 
  firm beliefs , man . 
  you do n't say , estonia ? 
  he 's saying rt is heavily biased and publish only that info that benefits russia . 
  just imagine western press discovering zhirinovsky . 
  arrow : 1, 
  kills : 2, 
  no need in fact . 
  i mean sure they 'll be proclaimed to be paid by west but no one gives a shit about this protests in russia . 
  exept for those involved and putin , of coarse . 
  media somehow overlooks the fact that average salaries in russia are considerably higher than in cremea . 
  like several times higher . 
  on its way to join russia , i guess . 
  can anyone tell me why rengar is rarely seen in competitive play ? 
  thanks . 
  i 've never mentioned 400 % . 
  i have relatives in krasnodar , cherkessk and nizhnevartovsk . 
  i also have friends in ukraine both in kiev and crimea . 
  salaries in russia are higher . 
  it 's a fact . 
  please note that i 'm not implying that crimea should join russia on that basis or even join at all . 
  just some people here tend to think that crimeans are made to chose a worse option . 
  which is not certainly so . 
  i hope someone there has enough brain not to make it a new ossetia . 
  have you never encountered ad taric ? 
  can you please wait a couple of years ? 
  i was thinking about moving there really . 
   crimea was flooded with murderous thugs from russia, 
  have you tried talking to real politically-neutral cremians ? 
  of coarse , that 's just me . 
  everything else is cool . 
  in jail more likely . 
  he has been charged several times already . 
  nope . 
  interplanetary war is highly unprofitable . 
  and i know ukranians hoping to get russian passports now as quick as possible because of the current goverment . 
  that 's not exactly the point here . 
  what are those `` murderous thugs from russia ' that have `` flooded '' cremia ? 
  were they murdering people left and right ? 
  were their number that high ? 
  to be `` murderous thugs '' one should at least seek an opportunity to kill someone . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  i mean , yes there were russian military in cremia , nobody disagrees . 
  but that kind of reaction was way over the top . 
  not to mention that people in crimea and especially on it 's borders were afraid of any military not only russian . 
  my favorite champ, 
  everytime i see videos like that i go to lol and try playing yasuo . 
  and then i fail misserably because i 'm apparently bad at this game . 
  as much as i wish there were more face options , more hairstyles and some body customization at this point i 'll be perfictly ok with slightly polished current character generation . 
  i mean i ca n't see devs adding much more but i also do n't think that this eyebrow-thing gon na stay untouched . 
  no one will notice couple hundreds russ ... unidentified armed soldiers there anyway . 
  it 's hillarious how autor of the article could n't resist mentioning stalin to make putin still look evil while keeping people fit is n't a bad thing . 
   and the russian people, 
  nope . 
  most of those who have other sources of info than tv and newspapers are highly sceptical about the whole thing . 
  on the other hand the amount of anti-russian bullshit in the western media does n't help really . 
  using words `` stalinist '' and `` whip '' in the headline is n't coincidental , you know . 
  i 'm not sure what is the right term for this but that is kind of lexics that have some additional emotional meaning . 
  and rode into the sunset on a giant t-rex playing van halen 's eruption with his feet . 
  sure . 
  we are getting paid in vodka , comrade . 
  bear cavalry and dolphin navy . 
  i kinda wonder what is putin 's plan for airforce ? 
  female names : nikita, 
  khrushchev is sad . 
  my best friend 's name is viktor . 
  and he 's been working with lasers some years ago . 
  well , so it goes . 
  no response within an hour . 
  probably there was one . 
  have you seen their metal bands ? 
  satan 's country , no shit . 
  chris brown is on reddit . 
  only explanation . 
  now it is getting really scary . 
  in other words : `` they will join us or die ! '', 
  i hope no one will start balming sk for that . 
  who 's nick allen ? 
  i 've kinda missed that part of the story . 
  ddos just got real, 
  my vote goes to allistar `` mad-eye '' moody anyway, 
  yeah , we all know that would be chess . 
  you can always buy rp , you know . 
  they are n't that expensive . 
  but it will be better for you to play free adc 's . 
  12 out of 12 yasuos i 've played with during this free week while raising my smurf account were complete assholes . 
  i see a pattern here . 
  i find eso character development system more interesting and really like the visual part of that game but in terms of gameplay i prefer wildstar . 
  ca n't see it becoming next big mmo . 
  more like a very good niche one . 
  that depends . 
  it 's boring to watch someone farming sure .
