  so it goes . 
  did they start giving oscars for attractivness ? 
  i 'm kinda serious because i stopped watching years ago . 
  4 games . 
  1 death on tabzz . 
  that 's fcking impressive . 
  but eu lcs is over !, 
  normaly he 's pretty ok adc . 
  one of top adcs in russia . 
  but that performance at gamescom ... welp , ca n't drink hard enough to forget . 
  as for the team itself i hardly see them achieving anything . 
  russian proscene is pretty weak and they were struggling sometimes even there . 
  meanwhile darien keeps spaming him in soloq . 
  stange enough but i think that bilgewater syndra is far more interesting concept . 
  and proceed to build full ap after dying 8 times in first 10 minutes . 
  i love the fact that he has qwe on that glove . 
  yeah . 
  that is pretty good photo of darien . 
  but how does this explain gnar ? 
  like half of russian lol players i know think that ru server is too toxic to play on . 
  they play on eune and euw . 
  he 's currently playing for rox.kis . 
  i 'm not sure if he 's in russia though . 
   witchd hunting will begin . 
  ftfy, 
   arguing on the internet is like competing in the special olympics . 
  even if you win , you 're still retarded . 
  no difference here . 
  i 'd just like him streaming more often . 
  but it is really easy to take kills from another lane . 
  you know , just because you can really use early gold to get rolling . 
  flame ? 
  you are lucky . 
  i 've seen one vayne starting feeding because her support `` stole her kills '' . 
  said his doctor . 
  thanks . 
  not sure why you got downvoted . 
  vodka jokes are always funny and like 1 out of 3 times are true . 
  arsenal , borussia dortmund , olympiakos , as roma, 
  that will be something like this . 
  russian clubs get most of their money from sponsors . 
  they usually do n't care about this aspect that much . 
  cats over politics , dude . 
  even russians do n't believe that `` neo-nazi '' bs , you know . 
  well , those of them who got other information sources apart from tv and newspapers . 
  you should try streaming . 
  did he get this name by always banning gnar ? 
  `` i see no lightsaber . 
  that would be a copyright infringement . 
  i see a psionic spirit blade . '', 
  and twitch was banned only once, 
  i was wondering how viable is roa into lich bane build on diana ? 
  i saw darien going with it once and ending up pretty decent . 
  also what is current `` meta '' build on her ( assuming one 's playing mid ) and why is n't she played much ? 
  thanks . 
  still better transfer window than ours, 
  god bless you , dude, 
  i think that the word `` fuck '' is gon na be extremly popular in comments . 
  not hiding . 
  just not on reddit . 
  there is freedom of speech in russia to some extent . 
  if you are not celebrity , politician or well ... somebody you can call putin a dick anytime and you wo n't end up having any troubles with it . 
  that big things that count . 
  and tbh many russians are just indiferent because they know that they ca n't change a shit and protesting ( large group of protesting people counts as something big enogh ) will more likely get them into trouble than anything else . 
  damn the snow . 
  its senseless beauty, 
  pours a hard light, 
  through the hemlock . 
  thelonious is dead . 
  winter, 
  drifts in the hourglass ;, 
  notes pour from the brain cup . 
  damn the alley cat, 
  off lenox ave. 
  thelonious is dead . 
  tonight 's a lazy rhapsody of shadows, 
  swaying to blue vertigo, 
  & metaphysical funk . 
  black trees in the wind . 
  crepuscule with nellie, 
  plays inside the bowed head . 
  `` dig the man ray of piano ! '', 
  o satisfaction ,, 
  hot fingers blur on those white rib keys . 
  coming on the hudson . 
  monk 's dream . 
  the ghost of bebop, 
  from 52nd street ,, 
  footprints in the snow . 
  damn february . 
  let 's go to minton 's, 
  & play `` modern malice '', 
  lord ,, 
  there 's thelonious, 
  wearing that old funky hat, 
  pulled down over his eyes . 
  5 weeks, 
   copenhagen wolves for a week, 
  common !, 
  that 's not that big of a sacrifice .
