  are you , by any chance , american ? 
  romana i : look !, 
  radiation levels you would n't believe !, 
  the doctor : good heavens !, 
  you could fry eggs in the street . 
  romana i : but that means ... 
  the doctor : what ? 
  romana i : there must be a huge nuclear war going on down there !, 
  the doctor : none at all , no . 
  romana i : well what else could it be ? 
  the doctor : i do n't know . 
  probably someone throwing a huge breakfast party . 
  why do you always assume the worst ? 
  romana i : because it usually happens . 
  the doctor : empirical poppycock !, 
  where 's your joy in life ? 
  where 's your optimism ? 
  romana i : it opted out . 
  k-9 : optimism : belief that everything will work out well . 
  irrational , bordering on insane . 
  the doctor : oh , do shut up , k9 . 
  listen , romana , whenever you go into a new situation , you must always believe the best until you find out exactly what the situation 's all about . 
  then , believe the worst . 
  romana i : ah , but what happens if it turns out not to be the worst after all ? 
  the doctor : do n't be ridiculous . 
  it always is . 
   good lane opponents from the dead lane opponents . '', 
  ftfy, 
  in alaska . 
  i really like playing jayce into her . 
  you 'll be able to farm relatevly safe , poke her and kill her 1v1 . 
  thought jayce is n't a hard counter . 
  it would be a skill matchup . 
  ziggs is one of the easiest mid champions if you are good with landing skillshots . 
  it 's easy to farm on him even if are not good at lasthitting , he has tons of aoe and utility in teamfights , has great waveclear and decent endgame scaling . 
  try him . 
  what putin is trying to do right now is saying `` that was n't russia or rebels '' in so many ways and so many times so that after first community backlash calms down nobody will be really sure about the whole story . 
  some ten years after nobody will be . 
  eune ? 
  you 've apparently never played on russian server . 
  let 's put it nother way : they show discontent with putin and all of a sudden they have no money and are in jail . 
  i 'll write to riot support i guess . 
  according to this chart i 'm in fact a challenger . 
  swain guide is still ok . 
  `` you ca n't 1v1 him right now . 
  just farm under tower , mate and do n't die . 
  i 've being smurfing a lot . 
  wasting few more seconds on typing can save lives . 
  but messire , ich bin el extranjero !!!, 
  at this point i do n't believe ukraine any more than russia . 
  niq is playing better than rest of the team at the moment . 
  he 's not alex though . 
  ca n't carry them . 
  gambit need someone who is able to make decisions . 
  tbh they need to revise their whole gameplay atm . 
  warding , teamfighting , picks , calls , dragons , lining . 
  i 'm not sure if the problem is in player or in coach/analyst but they seem to be stuck . 
  wisdom stat is great for endgame . 
  but charisma is much better early on . 
  you do n't realy need wisdom bonuses till you reach lvl 40 + . 
  inb4 both countries hold referendums to join russia . 
  yeah . 
  seems legit . 
  we got towns where you can get water like two times a day !, 
  two times !, 
  for like an hour each time !, 
  no sane man can resist that !, 
  wtf , dude ?!, 
  you were n't playing swain !, 
  himself, 
  welp , nobody thought that russia or us realy gave a shit about ... you know ... people in ukraine . 
  all about money . 
  so it seems that botrk and trinity are the two most popular items on kog ` maw now . 
  how do i chose the order of building them ? 
  when should i go cutlass and rush trinity ? 
  or should i always finish botrk before ? 
  any situations when i should start trinity ? 
  how do i decide when is it a goo time to build lw ? 
  any alternative builds ? 
  they 'll cancel it half the way through season 1 anyway . 
  why is lucian so happy ? 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  and let the hype begin !, 
  good to be russian . 
  at least sometimes . 
  gnaryan choi confirmed . 
  all hail jinx 's sister !, 
  [ this guy ] ( http://forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=949490 ) totally . 
  all planed 3 years ago . 
  [ better image ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130704190446/looneytunes/images/b/be/taz_big_grin.jpg ), 
   were-yordle, 
  dude , google what `` were '' in `` werewolf '' means , 
  quick tip : not `` wolf '' . 
  i hope you are not taking my post seriously . 
  there are at least two more old concepts with the same name . 
  they have also borrowed and modified house greyjoy words : `` we do not fall '', 
  i just hope all this drama wo n't affect lmq 's performance . 
  they are by far the most enjoyable na team to watch . 
  oh god . 
  another superweek .
