  first of all play her . 
  playing the champion really helps you to see her weak and strong points . 
  you 'll get better with her skill ranges and combos . 
  it is much easier to play against the champions you are familiar with . 
  after that it depends on your pick . 
  early mr and safe farm for all of them . 
  they might be saying that it 's game changes but do n't listen to them . 
  it 's cool vu . 
  genja builds last whisper only when he wants a penta . 
  but he 's too noble to do it every game . 
  enemy team should have a chance at least . 
  too bad braum is banned . 
  the season has n't even started and it 's already an 8 team tie . 
  those europeans ... 
  i guess vulcan has good chaces of winning this split then !, 
  `` l '' just crawled there by accident . 
  that was pretty painfull to watch . 
  but as an arsenal and gambit fan i see it as karma . 
  one wins something , another plays really bad . 
  is it a figure of speech or do you really fancy a bet ? 
  that illustrates how much we need another fear champion . 
  and by undead we mean heroes v 's necropolis residents , eh ? 
   pie jesu domine , dona eis requiem, 
   flying putinists . 
  ftfy, 
  nami and quinn are my friend 's two favorite champions . 
  i 'll have to pay him a visit now to find where he hides riot 's families that he apparently holds hostage . 
  i 'm russian and can we please stop bringing that 20 million figure ? 
  they have died protecting their homeland not supporting putin . 
  how the fuck is that even relevant ? 
  that will be still less painful than your puns . 
  that was to be expected . 
  it might be cruel but behind every revolution there is rather a small group of people minding their own interests than a will of many people . 
  carry me , lmq !, 
  and now we are officially better than dota . 
  ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ least ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ one ^ ^ ^ aspect, 
  i 'll just wait a year till it goes f2p . 
  not to blame tsm tbh . 
  his ego on the other hand might be part of the problem . 
  the last time i saw such a backlash was when some big player has ditched chelsea . 
  he got buried in shit . 
  i 'm not saying nb3 is perfect but the amount of hate is ridiculous . 
  the funny thing is that a month or two ago people were saying that only lucian is in a good spot and the rest need a buff . 
  so i 'll rather just wait for the rise of kog ` maw . 
  you can get karma for the decription lyrics though . 
   pointless shit like vu, 
  brings far too many new players . 
  ergo it 's not pointless . 
  i still like old yorick skin more . 
  if i take kill it 's because you suck at lasthitting champions and this is my way of showing you that you should practice more and i am much superior to you , my dick is bigger and that exactly what your mom said last night you noob . 
  yt , adc-playing-support . 
  mid or feed . 
  sincerely , count von douche de midlane, 
  too many gambit players in cyanide fantasy team . 
  i bet his name is richard . 
  for the same reason . 
   `` black man with a chicken bone in his nose '', 
  oh , come on , doctor facilier was gorgeous !, 
  buy vision wards and ga. 
  play very careful . 
  group with your teammates . 
  i know that some people like quinn top . 
  what about assassin quinn ? 
  is she viable ? 
  what build should be used ? 
  welcome back to gambit , alex. 
  if you believe that whole nation are homophobes that 's something wrong with you , mate . 
  it is pretty easy to climb if you can carry most of your games . 
  if you ca n't play to improve till you can . 
  and you do n't even need to be that good of a player to carry the games in bronze 4 . 
  just decent mechanics on a few strong champions and general understanding on how the objectives work . 
  but if you are really scared of trolls and unskilled players to the point of being afraid to play ranked i suggest focusing on normals . 
  choose a few champions for every role and try to get good with them till the end of the season . 
  after that you might want to wait till the start of the next season and go through promos again but well-prepared . 
  just consider every teamfights as series of actions and reactions . 
  going there you know what is your team capabele of and what enemy team can do . 
  after that it just clear understanding what is your goal in teamfight , what to do if you are jumped on , if you team startes losing and if your team is winning . 
  much less chaos if your think like that . 
  yeah . 
  that was an ... intresting combination of action on screen , landscape and music . 
  bring back zorozero !, 
  am i the only one here who still likes lightbringer the most ? 
  that is brilliant . 
  well , you got two good games where you were lucky not to get punished by enemy team . 
  i still understand your teammates . 
  say . 
  you are playing adc . 
  the guy who lastpicks with only support role open picks adc . 
  he goes with you , takes as much farm as he can and never wards . 
  your reaction ? 
  i 've never stated that you did . 
  you just freaked the hell out of your adc . 
  that was n't very polite to begin with . 
  not saying that flame is justified but it is understandable . 
  this is the first game i really like niq playing . 
  cw decided to build their play around him . 
  and that worked for some time . 
  but the moment gambit could start picking him up the game was pretty over . 
   russian strategy . 
  you mean somewhere midgame cw held a referendum and 97 % voted on losing ?
