  the problem is not pickorder . 
  the problem is duos with a huge skill gap . 
  that needs to be adressed . 
  it 's perfectly ok to play with your friends no matter what your skill levels are . 
  but please consider this : if you are playing for fun is it that important for you to go play ranked ? 
  i mean why not normal drafts ? 
  of coarse some people will be discontent there too but they only lose the game there not their promos . 
  any general numbers for cs for different roles at 10 , 20 , 30 mins ? 
  i mean , i know that it depends on many factors but what are the average `` good numbers '' ? 
  i 'm trying to improve my skill and need some orienteers . 
  need nip flair for this week . 
  i , for one , welcome our new chinese overlords, 
  well , best xdg player this season has left now . 
  that 's a shame . 
  riotplz !, 
  americans welcome every mexican come to their country !, 
  thierry henry and tim cahill are na players !, 
  you should cheer `` usa '' everytime you see them !, 
  or rather not . 
  because they play for na club but they are french and australian players respectivly . 
  new york red bulls is an american team but that does n't make them american players . 
  so : tsm and lmq are american teams . 
  bjerg an lmq-pleyers are eu and chenese players . 
  yeah . 
  openly wearing russian uniform , i guess . 
  and russia is willing to send those guys there because ... well , no idea why . 
  i have some friends in ukraine . 
  in kiev in fact . 
  those guys are not into politics . 
  just common guys who care more about themselves and their families . 
  and i kinda belive those guys more than tv and internet propaganda . 
  basicaly they do n't like current goverment but are very sceptical when it comes to opposition . 
  they ( as a vast majority of people ) do n't know who will lead the country if opposition wins and misstrust those leading the riot . 
  once again , not only i 'm kinda ignorat when it comes to whole that situation but also i live in russia . 
  our media shows us demonstrants shooting police forces , burning police stations and violantly beating captives . 
  german news on the other hand shows picture of quite clean and calm kiev only with minor riots on the steets ( no burnung of police stations whatsoever ) . 
  the poit is i might be completly wrong . 
  but i do n't really trust any media at this point . 
  in fact , as i see it this is a fight between two groups of powerhungry bastards using people to achive their goals . 
  and while i do support the idea of taking down current corrupt government i 'm afraid this wo n't really change anything . 
  at least for a long period . 
  beacause nerfing to the ground is wrong . 
  because currently riot is working on it . 
  because they are testing changes on pbe servers . 
  edward with russian flag . 
  beacause there should always be russian in gambit . 
  tnx . 
  if you are playing in low elo - try amumu . 
  very rarely peoply know how to counter him there , you 'll have reliable cc for ganks and wonderful ulf for initiating the fights . 
  build tanky and try to create good opportunities for your team . 
  search mobefire for a guide on this one . 
  i 'm sure they 've got dozens . 
  i do n't really see a problem with mid lulu . 
  she 's not godlike strong to be nerfed . 
  so now i can make enemies move in the very direction i want for 2 seconds as fiddle purely by positioning myself right ? 
  nice . 
  - that depends on how far off topic is he . 
  all that `` gay propaganda '' thing is rather scary atm . 
  no blackbagging but some problems with law for sure . 
  not everywhere of coarse . 
  mostly . 
  there are some exceptions but they are rare . 
  - yes . 
  sure . 
  afaik teachers in russia are given quite a freedom when it comes to chosing the ways of education and material . 
  source : my aunt and her husband are both history teachers . 
  no nerfs also . 
  great work there , agent kerp !, 
  that 's just media not specifically russian . 
  you 'll find newspapers and articles like that in pretty much every country . 
  so you are saying only russian press lies to sell stories or to make something look good/bad ? 
  well , that 's 1st channel . 
  they were like this for years . 
  what have you expected ? 
   fenrir, 
  felt that he should be there instead of scylla . 
  cheap popularity and better work perpectives . 
  itt not that many, 
  was to be expected really . 
  still ca n't see anything preventing it . 
  you might be suprised but many people in crimea want to join russia . 
  and some just do n't care that much . 
  your diary does n't downvote you thought . 
   crimean tatars, 
  that 's not large minority tbh . 
  there are people ( not only tatars ) that do n't want to join and that 's understndable . 
  i 'm not even sure how the voting would have gone . 
  but that crimean tatars story is more of a media fiction . 
  there too few of them to realy matter . 
  you know , that 's funny but i have a lot of friends in ukraine . 
  and some of my friend 's reletives live there . 
  i 'm not saying that there is no hate to russia but you do somehow exaggerate i think . 
  20 minutes in queue for a mid role only to play against kassadin . 
  teambuilder is good though . 
  for those of you who are n't familiar with russian media in terms of credibility mk = the sun . 
  i know , right ? 
  should have stuck to `` weapons of mass destruction '' routine . 
  no respect for traditions !, 
  can anyone comment on that law please ? 
  is the article true about it ?
