  i mean , can you image some footbal player doing something like that ? 
  fans would be out for blood . 
  i would like to see giroud played by nick cage . 
  lets stay real here, 
  wife finds a way . 
  ftfy, 
   something awesome !, 
  it looks more of a fumble though . 
  kill her, 
  it was kinda funny in russia . 
  people buying vhs ( that were mostly illegal copies here ) were getting the movie + something . 
  like , those vhs had some free space after the movie , might as well add some shit there . 
  and anime happens to be just of the right format . 
  so that was like a lottery . 
  you are getting a movie + some bonus episods of some anime . 
  not the first ones often . 
  just some . 
  and good luck to you , buddy , getting the rest . 
  [ timeless classic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joh0t0xuyra ), 
   russian project, 
  it was dead the whole time . 
  i 'm sorry but russian game industry is fucked up 99 times out of 100 . 
  inb4 you ask stalker and metro 2033 are ukranian games . 
  at this point i 'm more interested in single-player wod game . 
  never thought that making mmo is a good idea for fucking `` personal horror '' . 
  i did n't care about a tutorial when i have started playing . 
  i needed guides . 
  what is meta ? 
  what 's a gank ? 
  what 's toplane ? 
  how to jungle ? 
  what to build ? 
  is soraka mid a good idea ? 
  and video or wiki formats are far more preferable than obligatory tutorial . 
  that 's just how i see it . 
  but of coarse !, 
  or do you know any other pros that are currently in jail ? 
  he has outgrown coaching this team . 
  that is really debatable . 
  for me the thing i like the least about batman comics is ... well , it 's batman . 
  gotham is great . 
  supporting characters are great . 
  villans are great . 
  batman most of the time is just ok . 
  [ wenger right now ] ( http://technabob.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/anime-fansub-fail-1.jpg ), 
  let dlift go . 
  keep both teams . 
  all part of the plan . 
  because it 's reddit and `` dynamic queue '' is a new circlejerk here . 
  i mean it would be reasonable to wait and see what of those ideas will come live and how they are going to work . 
  but once again it 's reddit . 
  it 's circlejerk because the words `` dynamic queue '' in the title appeared only due to the fact that bashing it is trendy . 
  how do you define `` valid concern '' ? 
  reddit is concerned about every little change and starts hating it on the spot . 
  i think that should riot let this system go live with a minor fixes people will eat it . 
  and some will like it . 
  and all this `` dynamic queue is bad '' will be forgoten like `` zed is dead now '' and `` riot killed the jungle '' . 
  reddit always overreats . 
   firstly , it is unfair that animals have to suffer and die for such stupid reasons . 
  say it to cows , sheeps , pigs etc. 
  the fact that there are less elphants left does n't make a difference from a moral perspective . 
  but what is funny some people are hypocritical enough to mourn death of some single animal somewhere in africa all while eating a couple hamburgers everyday . 
  i think that the creator of this video has also seen that . 
  unfortunately this rarely happens in soloque . 
  adc is about to kill the enemy ? 
  eat him !, 
  full hp and in good possition ? 
  eat him !, 
  jungler needs to smite the dragon ? 
  better save him . 
  enemy jungler is close . 
  ffs . 
  that should be either teemo or fizz . 
  do n't know who 's better . 
  zilean casting bomds on corki while he 's destroing tower ? 
  tried grinding for elo the last month . 
  ended up hating the game . 
  stopped playing completly for a while . 
  pro tip : do n't be like me . 
  great players do n't always mean a great team on pro-lvl . 
  they 'll still need a good coach . 
  that 's something for uncle enzo to deal with . 
  i 'm sorry dude but like many others who are concerned about dinamic queue you are just scared . 
  what you describe is the worst case scenario happening all the time every game . 
  and that wo n't happen . 
  sure , some games will suck but they always do . 
  but not every game and tbh i doubt that will even be half of your games . 
  i work in a bookstore in russia . 
  and the answer is yes . 
  that is for adults not to be shy while buying it . 
  russia went a bit further in this direction though . 
  they are `` anti-stress '' here ( maybe not only in russia idk ) . 
  and promoted as some kind of psychotherapy . 
  [ this thought is n't new . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qnrxamst2m ), 
  get them up against the wall !, 
  e-sports journalism , mate . 
  he 's a fan . 
  he knows better . 
  that 's matryoshka as long as we are discussing foreign languages.t,
