  on the other hand any sane person would n't give a shit about that . 
   uk visa applications take 4-6 weeks to process from russia, 
  4 weeks if you are lucky and all your documents are ready and perfect . 
  us casters keep underrating lmq so much . 
  speaking about lmq inconsistency while they are tied for a 1st place . 
  never asking any us teams about inconsistency . 
  i thought that is how you beat tsm . 
  he deserves to be a starter and play but kos and mert are just better . 
  i hope he finds himself a good team . 
  napoli seems to be quite a good option . 
  not jumping on riot hate train but i think only a few have enjoyed this match . 
  that nocturne mid should be really op if shc were willing to give sk kassadin for it . 
  the reason why people keep going afk is that after the have left the game due to client problems they are getting tracked and killed while in game by their former teammates . 
  so if someone goes afk in your game this person is probably already dead and the text in chat is typed by a murderer to confuse police later . 
  quinn question here . 
  most pros seem to choose botr over bt on her . 
  what is the reason ? 
  [ something like this ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctee_yrhpm8uxufsm7d-ptdc5ib3pl2vedxphwhvnaioxabiust ), 
  he got hungry . 
  that 's understandable . 
  dude , i do n't mean to sound disrespectful but he is the reason you were able to get to the second place . 
  why would you wish to get rid of him ? 
  i do n't support putin but i kinda feel that at least half of americans would love to have a president like that . 
  might be wrong of coarse . 
  on mars . 
  the movie itself is n't good i 'm afraid . 
  jeffery combs ** is ** herbert west though . 
  therefore the movie is worth watching . 
  yeah . 
  time is soooo biased . 
  i 've seen some people playing jungle jayce . 
  what is the idea behind it and how do you build ? 
  god i 'm getting downvoted for this but that 's pretty unfunny . 
  i mean it 's hotshot pretty much humiliating nightblue . 
  i 'm just so sorry that shc ended that game . 
  should have destroyed the towers and let svenskeren go try that lastminute build of his . 
  not really . 
  he still can go even or win against any eu toplaner . 
  but he 's tilting way too easy it seems . 
  that and warding . 
  and overagression . 
  i hope someone in gambit ( even with edward remowing himself from social media ) will see this . 
  because they are a great team still and now they need support . 
  ironicly it seems in russia they are getting a lot of shit due to there perfomance . 
  the thing that bothers me about recent diamond and edwards 's posts is that they write how much they are training . 
  alone . 
  the problem is that gambit players are still somewhere among eu top players mechanicaly . 
  it 's their descision making that was their weakness . 
  they are trying to make plays and it backfires and they end up losing the game . 
  changing roster seems to be harsh but most logical descision . 
  that will give both darien and diamond new motivation maybe and will provide gambit with player that will be willing to prove themselves . 
  i like both players but going 0-5 half of the games even if you are camped and applying zero map pressure as a jungler is a problem . 
  and i still remember people hating wenger for that back at 2010 . 
  damn . 
  i knew i should start learning chinese asap . 
  also he has a huge problems returning to game when he fells behind early . 
  farming as swain pre-6 is n't easy ether . 
  tbh , as soon as you get roa swain becomes much less blue-dependent and most swain players start with rushing it . 
  as long as you do n't keep your ulti on 24/7 you are ok . 
  genja is the only player that started to perform better since alex has left the team . 
  he is also the most consistent of all gambit players . 
  edward is the only other player who has n't been underperforming on a regular basis . 
  it 's strange to see only one russian player left in gambit but after watching starladder i think that it is better this way . 
  tbh nip jungler is performing extremly well . 
  so ... any na team in need of jungler ? 
  i usually build roa , zhonya 's , deathcap and void staff . 
  roa is a core item for swain and zhonya 's are op with his ult ( it keeps working ) . 
  deathcap and void staff for ap and magic penetration . 
  add boots and one item that is mostly situational . 
  i know that some people like liandry 's on swain but any of 4 items above seems to me to be better on him . 
  omg genja was right !, 
  i know how you feel , bro . 
  25 years old and would gladly take lessons on computer maintenance . 
  do you really expect people making skins asking dudes balancing the game if they are going to nerf a certain champion in the next , say , 6 month ? 
  fuck you !!!, 
  sorry , mate . 
  habit . 
  god i love russian client . 
  me and my friends have smurf accounts all named the same way due to the fact that russian client allows to use cyrillic latters mixed with the latin ones and some ( `` a '' , `` o '' , `` e '' , `` y '' ) look the same . 
  so we got three people with the same name and currently planning to force two more friends to join . 
  i guess bronze have to pay more , bro . 
  nothing to do there . 
  to get out of bronze , i guess . 
  kou is doing quite good right now . 
  i 'm still not convinced with his champions pool but his playing much more agressive than diamond and that works for nip . 
  edward in his top form would definetly be an upgrade over voidle i think but he 's not there at the moment . 
  and yes , they are friends with alex. 
  victory awaits . 
  the star wars holiday special , i guess . 
  in the finals of russian starladder they 've banned malphite over kassadin ( that was of cource instapicked ) one game . 
  and join some spanish superclub later . 
  i do n't think darien was benched because of his champion pool or skill . 
  warding , overagression and maybe unwilliness to change , adapt or communicate are more likely to be the reason . 
  god bless you , mate . 
  it 's nigh impossible to get them where i live . 
  yeah !, 
  go diamond . 
  now get back darien . 
  even when feeding he is better than kubon . 
  god , i 'm trying so hard not to believe a thing till it 's all confirmed officialy .
