  well , you see , when a large mass of people is manipulated ( not forced ) by minority that does mean that they had there own motives in the first place . 
   2 . the rebellion is actually popular . 
  oce rip !, 
  well , i know there was a lot of negativity about russia ( and for a good reason ) for the last few months . 
  but i hope nodoby will take this seriosly . 
  milonov is a joke and he is widely hated even in russia . 
  maybe i 've put it a bit wrong . 
  he 's a retard . 
  everyone knows it . 
  except government itself . 
  i downvote threads without reading . 
  ama . 
  how do i build jayce top ? 
  is it 9-21 or 21-9 ? 
  are there any matchups that you should avoid at any cost ? 
  should i rush manamune on him and if not when should i buy it . 
  thanks . 
  the whole city ? 
  i have accounts on three servers . 
  the reason for it is that i 've started my `` main '' account without knowing anything about lol on a server that seemed to be a natural choise ( i 'm russian so it 's russian server ) but after leveling account to lvl 30 i 've realised that i in fact want to move to euw or na because of community and lvl of play there . 
  the problem is i ca n't really do that as some of my friends are on ru . 
  so i had to start two new accounts . 
  one on the server i like to be on and the other one on the server my other friends are playing on . 
  three accounts . 
  and the problem is that because of work and , well , life basicaly i have very limited time that i can dedicate to lol . 
  2-3 games a day . 
  it 's like 1 on each account or less if i want to play more on my main one ( which happens quite a lot ) . 
  my only option today is buying exp-boosts . 
  which does n't help a lot in fact . 
  i 'm not saying that riot should change anything . 
  just providing the example . 
  gmb faker confirmed, 
  rip alexich ? 
  well that sounds ... strange . 
  russia would like that back too . 
  just saying . 
  1v1 me noob !, 
  nobody plays support, 
  i was expecting you to say that he is using `` confirmed on saint 's stream '' mantra wrong . 
  also he stole apostrophe from the title . 
  and by 2045 russians will become immortal, 
  soviet cinema , theatre , sports , science and literature were quite good . 
  far better than contemporary russian ones . 
  i 'd like to have those things back . 
  but the statement that half of russians want ussr back is simply bs . 
  he 's surely getting something out of it . 
  otherwise this man is an idiot . 
  madlife 's reaction was priceless, 
  far too many players ca n't be tryharding without trying hard to flame the living shit out of their and enemy teams . 
  i wonder does his passive proc on hydra ? 
  braum - eastern europe, 
  wukong - china, 
  swain ( skin at least ) - russia, 
  sivir - australia, 
  exept that gypsies have n't been proven to origin from there . 
  moreover afaik most popular theory is india . 
  we can also place warwick in denmark just to make deficio happy . 
  corki - germany, 
  jayce - france or england, 
  amumu - egypt, 
  ok . a bit of a hell scenario : bot lane snowballing me hard . 
  let 's say my opponent is better than me , support is trying hard to stand behind my back and failed gank resulted into double kill for enemy crry . 
  several minutes late after me and support dying 3 times to the enemy botlane they basicaly can kill me under turret every time i come back to lane . 
  i know that the best solution is not to give those kills earlier but once it happend i 'm really confused about my further actions . 
  i mean i ca n't fight them and ca n't even get close ( if playing champion without escapes ) because i 'm just a walking free kill at that point . 
  both times something like that happened to me in game my team was just ignoring the line . 
  so anything i can do there ? 
  feral flare does n't solve any of jungle shen 's potential problems . 
  what ? 
  no one 's threatening to report anyone for a whole 5 mins , dude . 
  that 's an exceptional day in low elo !, 
  a few questions :, 
  for the last few years international events were dominated by asian teams . 
  what is the reason in your opinion ? 
  better stratagies , more daily practice , better team organisation ? 
  what does c9 need to win the worlds ? 
  are there any significant differences between support playstyles between the regions ? 
  doumbia seems to be decent in russian league but not top quality . 
  and he 's been getting worse for the last year . 
  once again russian league is not strong really . 
  can see him being better than any of our current team . 
  russian league has very poor defence ( exept for a couple of teams ) so it 's easier for a striker to shine there . 
  i 'm not saying that he 's bad . 
  but those numbers can be misleading . 
  20 russian helicopters ? 
  everything 's good while there is no wagner music . 
  well , teso kinda failed a bit and now people are starting to look for a new mmos to move on . 
  the same thing was with swtor and gw2 . 
  i still hope to see legat from team dragon playing on pro-lvl . 
  donger dragons, 
  gosh , i 'm so glad i 'm already through this shit ... and then i kinda recall that work and getting there takes ` bout 11 hours of my day and i 'm usually too tired to play more than a couple of games . 
  and there is also an analyst who analyses those two analysts . 
  or that can be completly different dragon-themed chapion that comes before ao . 
  holly fuck !, 
  nine fucking years of my nerves . 
  worth it !, 
  do n't interupt it . 
  can you please provide any link ? 
  afaik ukraine has quite a debt that has nothing to do with paying extra 40 % . 
  might be wrong though .
