  but once again that 's only my opinion and as long as people do enjoy them i try to keep it to myself . 
  it just seems pretty funny for me seing people getting mad about `` ignite '' when `` warriors '' were generic as hell . 
  we are still lacking a world-class forward and this will cripple us later this season . 
  i think alex is good against teams that are attacking themselves . 
  but there are a few that just play against us trying not to concede and maybe , just maybe , use our mistakes . 
  and that is when alex wo n't be enough . 
  here we go again . 
  [ i 'm sorry , mate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfcue5rhbpa ), 
  not an insult . 
  i just do n't really like gears that are thrown for more steampunkish look . 
  when they do n't seem to be a part of mechanism they look a bit stupid . 
  we were getting stronger throught last few years . 
  and this summer we 've finally got some player we need for depth . 
  so it 's only logical to be possitive . 
  fuck it !, 
  i 'm taking a team flair for the first time since gambit . 
  well , you can try and guess my nationality . 
  dude , half of anx are from ukraine and like half of my friends . 
  no matter what our leaders think but those russians and ukranians that are capable of thinking are still ok with each other . 
  so '' / s '' is a little bit redundant in this case . 
  you can always steal one from like anyone near you . 
  that 's evanna lynch , they 'll understand . 
  not `` sir '' !, 
  get out of bronze and your chances of meeting satan are pretty low . 
  arsenal esports buying tl . 
  over and over again, 
  i still remember anti-ghostcrawler shitstorm . 
  this is something vey similar . 
  people making conclusions based on a limited info . 
  this . 
  yasou and vayne . 
  got slytherin every fucking time !, 
  proofpic ? 
  because even wildcard should look down at someone . 
  if your laners are strong enough to survive early you can carry later . 
  that 's a gamble but sometimes it 's worth trying . 
  so us might monitor elections in russia and tell how rigged they are ( and they really are , let 's be real here ) , but russia ca n't monitor electins in us ? 
  most people here still live with some kind of cold-war era mindset . 
  i can understand why western media need russia as an enemy though . 
  him and darien . 
  but it 's still a deathmatch , am i right ? 
  muthu fkin gen is my favorite pokemon gen ever . 
  to live i need three things : air , salt and her name . 
  russia has lived in constant threat of terrorist attack for the last 20 years if not more . 
  police there has a lot of experience . 
  most likely to be true . 
  russia has n't got any resourses to conquer anything . 
  crimea was more of protecting russia 's interests and its naval bases there . 
  while the voting took place it was most likely rigged and had no legal basis to begin with . 
  they should have left the incident totally annoticed . 
  that is how diplomacy works . 
  it is all about being honest and polite . 
  i 'm pretty sure bayern would be a bit upsed should they face torpedo , 
  we all know it , mate . 
  now we just need to beat bayern to face barca . 
  with zed 's shadow it is already a threesome . 
  on behalf of all russian redditors i want to that you kind sir for saying that my country is homophobic . 
  not government that we - lets be honest here - do n't really choose , not some biggots ( and we have plenty ) but `` russia '' . 
  the problem with current russia is that our education system has been taking a beating for decades now . 
  people are dumbified ( idk on purpose or not ) . 
  and stupid people are rarely opeminded . 
  but even now most people are not homophobic . 
  not that much as western media shows it . 
  there a lot of gays ( or at leat it is rumored ) among our politics and pop-singers . 
  so now there is a certain very loud group of idiots , a large mass of indiferent people and a small lgbt-community . 
  i mean those 50 % are most likely to be correct but that comes from ignorance not hate . 
   country stance is dictated by the people who are `` elected '', 
  so should i wait a couple of years and start saying that america hates muslims and mexicans and does n't give a damn about global warming ? 
  i mean they have elected trump and whatever fucked up lunacy he comes with should be considered america 's will . 
  at least that 's your logic . 
  nice deadly kennen there . 
  [ the same scene from the warwick 's perspective . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgdhlralqfe ), 
  they are posting propaganda ? 
  yes . 
  but the fact is : most news tend to do it . 
  rt just posts propaganda you do n't like . 
  yeah , lets start banning things we do n't like and laugh at russia 's lack of freedom of speech . 
  `` orwell feared that the truth would be concealed from us . 
  huxley feared the truth would be drowned in a sea of irrelevance . '', 
  i fucking love neil postman, 
  i 'd prefer him going to a decent actor . 
  but that works too , ok . 
  or dead, 
  it is sad that people in the us do n't know much about modern russia except for that info that they get from news . 
  and when you are ignorant it is easier to manipulate you . 
  so when it come to russia they imagine some kind of neo-nazi racist gay-bashing warmonging country that is lead by a violent corrupt megalomaniac . 
  and what makes it even worse people here rarely read articles . 
  mostly headlines . 
  so the idea of protests does n't realy fit here . 
  well , tbh most russian oligarchs have a strong ties with russian mob . 
  not only putin wants them dead . 
  why are we doing it exactly ? 
  adc yasuo have been played competitively tbh . 
  move to russia , comrade . 
  here we do n't give a fuck what kind of wierd-ass animal you might want as a pet . 
  bear , unicorn , dinosaur ... you name it . 
  even if it 's illegal , money can settle your little misunderstanding with the law . 
  ( also , you can legaly have fennec fox as a pet in russia ), 
  and they 'll keep on making movies about that till the end of time .
