  there can be only one !, 
  i in fact like that eune is so laggy . 
  it helps me with my game addiction . 
  i mean for the last few weaks i 've spent more time walking and reading than playing league . 
  and that is kinda cool . 
  so what i 'm trying to say is : relax . 
  riot will fix their game eventualy . 
  but while the sever is lagging switch to something else . 
  at least we all can agree that dl got outclassesed by brtt following your logic . 
  oh , common . 
  it 's arsenal . 
  nacho will be playing three positions at least with our injury rate . 
  maybe all at the same time . 
  supporting arsenal since 1999 . 
  fully agree . 
  most of you guys never wanted vardy to begin with . 
  but now if the transfer fails i fear for this subreddit . 
  pretty agree here . 
  the thing is i have noticed that for the last few yars using the internet to learn about new pokemon before starting the game became so dominant in community that some people do n't even concider the other option . 
  for me , not knowing is more fun but that 's just me . 
  just cocained, 
  we need to get onopko back to defence . 
  that 's the only way berezutski and ignashevich would look young enough to still play on the national level - . -, 
  some people in russia still mix them a bit . 
  should have changed the music as well . 
  since he has started playing against russia , 
  only dzyuba and akinfeev look decent . 
  our fans are among the worst . 
  so it is really possible unfortunately . 
  yes !!!, 
  for motherland fuckers !!!, 
  that 's part of the problem tbh . 
  certain people are so used to brawl with omon in russia that police in france was pretty nonexistent . 
  good luck to ukraine . 
  first zhirinovsky and now his son . 
  idiocy runs in the family i guess . 
  and people here fail to understand that both of them are making their names stating the most ridiculous shit and appealing to a wide audience of biggots and fuck-ups in russia . 
  somehow everyone tends to think that it is an official position . 
  twitt that provides zero context on who lebedev is does n't help . 
  always thought that he 's a backstabing talentless cunt . 
  never wanted him here . 
  which is completly untrue , of course , if we sign him eventualy . 
  maybe there is a mirror somewhere . 
  that is funny but game keeps crashing everytime i play against mei . 
  that might be because my toaster is too old for this shit or - what is more likely - because mei is satan . 
  should i have added / s or it obvious ? 
  sanogo is coming back from loan . 
  and here i sit in russia , envious as hell . 
  [ cough ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/30/2b/ba/302bbadc39130adb13518ea7debb212b.jpg ), 
  fucking great news !, 
  i 'm silver trash anyway so i 've just picked the champion that i like aesthetically . 
  20 + yo is still a kid for me . 
  you need to get through some shit and learn to take care of yourself and accept responsibility to be called an adult . 
  marilyn manson fan for sure . 
  might want joining stormtroopers . 
  there is always evil gay-hating , freedom-bashing , crimea-annexing , doping-using , plane-shooting russia in case potus wants to distract public . 
  i mean , obama should be really grateful to putin for his foreign policy . 
  him and cold war era steriotips making russians west 's bad guys . 
  because if you think of it more than anything russia is us 's twin brother . 
  thanks for one of my childhood 's favorite characters . 
  can wait to see messi in an arsenal shirt !, 
  but does this peng chum enjoy being fucked by peter ? 
  try hard and you will climb there , bro . 
  from the day one of every transfer window of the last 5 years i believe that we are signing no one . 
  so every little kid from some african country i 've never heard of that we get is a turn for a better for me . 
  this keeps me alive . 
  and beer . 
  this stuff too . 
  obviously they said that we are signing messi . 
  its right there . 
  just need to read btween the lines . 
  dude , drugs are bad for your health . 
  just saying . 
  not gon na happen till next season at least . 
  but chanting is good for health . 
  only till the groupstage is over . 
  what is happening now is not `` criticism '' it 's hysteria . 
  people want us to sign someone ( anyone ! ), 
  so desperate they will belive every shitty tweet , get hyped and get disappointed . 
  media sees this as an easy way to get readers and wenger is too stubborn to change his ways after so many years . 
  so `` wenger out '' . 
  as if sacking headcoach right now is n't the stupidest thing we can actually do . 
  stop it , rostov . 
  they are dead already . 
  oh , come on . 
  `` wow , this anivia is so fed . 
  report mid . 
  boosted animal '', 
  i 've spent 5 minutes looking for mu or chelsea . 
  god ... 
  no `` wenger out '' this time ? 
  only when it comes to great coaches . 
  never heard anyone saying something like `` it 's a great honour to play under novruz azimov '' . 
  the fact that chinese media is full of shit does n't make news from us-backed radio a lesser propaganda source . 
  western lies !, 
  he rides his battle-bear obviously . 
  i thought he was refering to `` waiting for doggo '' by mark mills . 
  he 's a chelsea fan . 
  he already does basically support money in football . 
  tbh , all 3 song are rubbish imo .
