  beacause op is 12 . 
  are you a sea by chance , sir ? 
  its just like football . 
  they come here to play and they go to na to get money and retire . 
  but i thought `` cyka blyat '' is like `` glhf '' from my csgo experience . 
  i 'm a bit sad at the moment but that at the same time feels as a some relief . 
  supporting the team through the last 3 splits was hard and though i really wished they stayed watching lcs at least wo n't be so painful . 
  that 's not about him being dumb . 
  that about his inability to convey the simplest thought without looking a butthurt hypocrite . 
  dyrus vs kira ? 
  poor dyrus . 
  for some reason i thought he had died to wolves again . 
  we 'll go 1-0 in first 20 minutes , concede some stupid-ass shit just before halftime and score the second one only after 80 minutes . 
  then there will be some heroic final seige that will end in futility . 
  at this point eu lcs should consider just broadcasting random challenger games . 
  that 's what they said a year ago . 
  at this point i feel realy easy to believe that most guys that are complaining about cs win are either salty because they were overhyped about this match / stayed late to watch it or just lack game knowledge to understand the value of that cs win . 
  i think that match was beautiful . 
  its all about trying to kill your opponent while being 50cs and 2 lvls behind and standing in the minionwave . 
  that is how the things are done in bronze - manliest of the devisions !, 
  100cs is a win condition . 
  if you watch carefuly you can see people playing around it . 
  so that 100 v 95 is huge in fact . 
  it is as much of a effort as winning with 5hp left in all-in . 
  is it wrong for a guy to like pussy ? 
  dies . 
  that ult to prevent defending the tower was pretty swag . 
  full tank zed from froggen . 
  win by cs . 
  nb3 gon na like that . 
  doctor, 
  poor man . 
  literally . 
  damn . 
  came here thinking exactly the same . 
  everytime that he was n't injured during the last few years he looked so promising . 
  why do we even vote when we already know that bard wins this ? 
   indiana `` froskurinn '' black, 
  rip twitch-chat, 
  that is basicaly the shit that makes me hate modern superhero comics . 
  they die , but death is not final . 
  iconic characters always return or there is always some alternative universe where they are alive . 
  not only it 's frustrating but i think that we are getting close to that point when all the possible stories about superman , or batman , or whatever have already been told . 
  but instead of introducing something new , instead of moving forward a very large segment of industry is stuck there because that is profitable . 
  and when the profits start to fall they just fake-kill someone off to get people invested . 
  now he is . 
  that 's because putin 's opponents at every election are either placeholders put there by him or guys who have little to none experience . 
  putin did a great job of destroying any possible opposition . 
  you should appreciate him being able to keep it shut for so long . 
  kylo seems very weak-ass . 
  i mean he had some force and fighting training and still got beaten by a girl who had no previous experince . 
  i bet he had never asked for this . 
  wait for episode viii : the internet strikes back . 
  eu lcs gon na be so much fun . 
  at this point i just feel that reddit is going back to its circlejerk tendencies . 
  i mean should i missed her casting yesterday i would be thinking by now that she is some godawfull amateur that is terrible to listen . 
  and that is not the case really . 
  even if she 's lacking she is n't bad . 
  and its a bit strange to read all this after the attitude she has already gotten from the twitch-chat . 
  woah , dude !, 
  you needed those 2 rp that much ? 
  nothing special . 
  i just hit challenger with full ad fist . 
  ama . 
  [ i heard he learned drawing from putin . 
  ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/kylzokymx3e/maxresdefault.jpg ) and , yes , that 's a cat . 
  [ rengar needs debonair skin . 
  ] ( http://www.hellofriki.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/alex-ross-astro-city-v2-14.jpg ), 
  depends on the team that was interested . 
  misses smite - stvicious . 
  misses the game - santorin . 
  oh , come on . 
  it was the same couple of years ago . 
  edit : for those downvoting , it was bloody +3 \u00b0 c in 2013 . 
  and snow was nowhere to be found . 
  proof : https://www.gismeteo.ru/diary/4368/2013/12/, 
  so that dude saw shit like that . 
  i 've seen lots of shit like that in the last 10 years . 
  unfortunately for every master of vayne that is there in league there are thousands of masters of whine . 
  but i ca n't unsee this . 
  ] ( http://worldofplayers.ru/attachments/8480/ ), 
   better than bergkamp . . 
  i just gon na start praying for giroud every day . 
  if he gets injured we are so fucked . 
  that 's what you get for playing devourer shyvana . 
  one good player is usualy not enough . 
  cis have seen a number of good mid and top players . 
  one good strategy is usualy enough though . 
  well , cis got alex ` ich for a brief period of time . 
  judging by this theory your name is a bit inaccurate . 
  now i 'll just waiy for g2 trick to pick udyr . 
  nah , you are talking about not-so-old soviet union , comrade . 
  in good ol ` soviet union he would end up in gulag . 
  now they are just 1 man short of a football team . 
  i just want an ionian adc . 
  can i have one ? 
  please ? 
  [ we all have our dream champion concept , are n't we ? 
  good night , sweet team :(, 
  and that 's the moment when you realise that those players are just kids and some of them are not very smart .
