as this saying is probably derived from russian '' \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u0432\u0430\u043b\u044f\u0435\u0448\u044c - \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u0435\u0448\u044c '' ( meaning that it is difficult to cook without droping something in process . 
  usually used ironically adressing someone 's clumsiness ) it 's more like `` one does not simply play without feeding '' . 
  maybe it is n't that wise to base the whole prediction on current state of things . 
  for example though fnatic looked rather poor this preseason one ca n't really make any conclusions as those games were semi-official . 
  the same with the other teams . 
  also . 
  for me op lost all credibility after stating that darien is gmb 's weakness . 
  i think reasons are slightly different , mate . 
  `` darien feeding '' tends to be a joke most of the time not an actual matter . 
  any good tips , tricks , advices for a new swain player . 
  also should i try to roam or just farm till i get items ? 
  well , as opposed to wow lol have a very influential pro-scene . 
  if things turn to worse as many of you say ( i 've never played wow , so i ca n't realy make any conclusions ) he 'd probably get far more serious backlash . 
  i hope so . 
  minor shyv and nasus nerfs , riven nerf ... mundo 's going to rock !, 
  a fellow of infinite jest , of most excellent fancy . 
  blue time is a constant in this situation . 
  situation on line on the other hand depends on many factors . 
  it might be a good idea to take it into consideration . 
  it 's sometimes easier for a jungler to change his route a bit rather than for a midlaner to be at blue in the exact time . 
  funny thing is that most adc can do buffs without taking more than a couple of hits . 
  well , there is a certain spot near the buff that makes it possible for any range champion to kill it without taking any hits as long as they aplly constant damage . 
  with enough attack speed you can solo baff on lvl1 taking only 1-2 hits in fact . 
  relax . 
  he 'll be buffed sometime . 
  the circle of buffs and nerfs continues . 
  being an arsenal fan i know how you feel . 
  get this feeling every january and summer . 
  the trick is to turn off your pc and means of communication , crawl under the bed and hit yourself with something heavy every time you feel that demons of hope are approaching . 
  no you do n't . 
  can start playing them whenever you want . 
  that 's for science !, 
  i ca n't really understand why people keep bringng all this `` soloque mentality '' thing . 
  i mean it 's not like nb3 will be the first player to get from soloque to a pro-team and he seems capable enough of changing his ways if needed . 
  i do understand that all that `` kinda-hype '' around his persona irritates some people and some are just always sceptical . 
  but it seems to me that it is his decision making that one should be worried about not `` soloque mentality '' . 
  and now i need an acc on the brazillian server - . -, 
  really like earthrune skin . 
  have no idea why is it bit unpopular . 
  i 've played a game once that have never nerfed anything but instead devs were making new characters even stronger than fotm . 
  so after 2 years of this policy all the old characters were unplayable trash and the new ones were coming with like instakill abbilities . 
  all that did n't end well . 
  i 'm not saying riot 's nerf policy is perfect . 
  but it is somehow justified . 
  and anyway even if some champion gets nerfed no one really restricts you to playing it . 
  i think , people will always complain . 
  when op champ recieves a `` soft '' nerf or even several people still complain that he 's op . 
  when is is getting `` hard '' nerf people complain that riot have killed the champion . 
  i do agree sometimes they nerf or buff to much but at least this way we are getting different `` mostplayedopchampions '' on the lcs . 
  not 40 same champions ffor years . 
  i bet you already regret ` bout asking . 
  `` pick poppy latest game , go 18/10 '', 
  stainless steel poppy ? 
  good news anyway . 
  glad for him . 
  it is true that low elo does n't automaticaly mean `` always wrong '' , but i 'd rather listen to some guy with hundreds succesful games against skillful opponents . 
  just little something that makes me believe he has a better overall understanding of this game . 
  once again that 's just me . 
  on the other hand all this elo-arrogance should n't exist between people who tend to consider themselves adult . 
  it is good as a joke sometimes but all that crap `` lol those bronzies are so damn stupid '' is rather embarrassing . 
  well , i 've upvoted it because it 's a damn good video  the only thing that matters rly, 
  i 'll be that downvoted partybreaker that says `` no '' . 
  lol is a pvp game and i like it this way . 
  so basicaly i have nothing againt this option but wo n't be interested , thank you . 
  in l.a. 
  at first i thought you were talking about his ult-form . 
  then i 've imagined a crow with a tiny human on its shoulder . 
  you do n't need reverse swain . 
  believe me . 
  no sleep for me tonight , i guess . 
  thank you , kind sir . 
  are you playing against diamond when you do this ? 
  it 's more like : `` decent game + no flame = honor '' . 
  multihonor if carried . 
  some 60 years before gulags would be full after this olympics . 
  someone is extremly lucky it 's not the ussr anymore . 
  i 'm still waiting for lmq to come to lcs . 
  xiaoweixiao is god !! '', 
  i have rarely seen darius lately . 
  what 's the reason ? 
  `` na  china '' does n't sound as catchy , 
  and annie-bot threatens to go afk if not given mid . 
  i really hope new matchmaking system that riot are working on will allow to set your role while queueing for ranked at some point . 
  because i have a certain concerns about all this pick order change . 
  flamewars up ahead . 
  the larger grows the community the more toxic it becomes . 
  nothing to do here really . 
  that 's just the way society works . 
  miniature giant space hamster . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  on his smurf nb3 was keeping buffs to himself partly because he was playing with people less skilled than himself ( while going from bronze todiamond ) and was able to carry games really hard . 
  so if one wants to do the same thing in soloque he should be 100 % confident that either he is able to carry the game almost all by himself or his midlaners is bad and giving him blue is almost like giving it to the enemy team . 
  because there some matchups that can backfire really hard if you leave your mid without blue buff . 
  good thinking but it takes more than one champion to make spell viable . 
  what will you sacrifice anyway ? 
  flash , ignite or barrier ? 
  yeah , more like god-tier . 
  most lol-players are single anyways . 
  not gon na make a difference . 
  twitch chat gon na like it,
