  there is also one part of `` i suck at this game ... '' that most platinum and higher players think but rarely tell : '' ... but most people suck more '' . 
  i 'm ok with us not signing cesc . 
  it 's just far too painful to see him going to other english team . 
  i think it 's just because you need time to get used to it . 
  ater that it 's pretty gorgeous . 
  it seems like cw just enjoy finding talanted adc 's and making them suffer . 
  that explains his love for rotations in fact, 
  i 'm fully agree that they do fine but the idea that you need to compare them with shit-lvl casting is somehow wrong . 
  `` listen to casting from another country/e-sport '' . 
  i would like to see l'equipe being right just one time . 
  markov playing the victim says that russophobia can be a cause for wwiii like `` antisemitism caused wwii '' . 
  and reddit goes insane . 
  i do n't think will ever know that . 
  or at least nothing will be proved . 
  it is in fact funny how many people think that democracy is some kind of ultimate form of running the country . 
  it has it flaws and does n't work as intended basicaly nowhere . 
  still people are comfortable enough not even to try to move further forward . 
  the funniest thing is that people still do n't pick lmq players that much . 
  i 've been able to get all of them ( with a sad exception of team itself ) in the league i just joined . 
  why did lissandra disappear from proscene completly ? 
  do n't see her in soloque either . 
  one for all mundo . 
  i kinda forgot what fun is by the end of it . 
  the mere concept of it . 
  anivia, 
  when two hype trains collide asian one still beats european . 
  na casters are a bit biased . 
  lmq for example perfoms exceptionaly but compare them talking about lmq play and c9 / \u0421lg / tsm . 
  chinese overaggression vs calculated na plays . 
  i 'm exaggerating a bit but it 's there . 
  kassa is pretty much permabaned . 
  i just wonder if you had read my post in the first place ? 
  and i 'm not living in a wealthy country . 
  it is debated if you can call it first-world one . 
   arsenal could win the league/cl this year but your national team would be terrible for the next 20 years . 
  russian here . 
  that whould be quite a bargain . 
  russia ai n't winning anything for the next 20 years anyway . 
  well , alex stated on stream the zorozero is not coming back . 
  we can exclude him at least . 
  picking altec or woolite is a gamble due to their teams . 
  dreamtraining . 
  poldi 's gon na be a monster on wc . 
  and ukrain government would be a bunch of fuckers to do so considering how many families are split between russia and eastern ukrain . 
  they are . 
  only that does n't make others saints . 
  i mean that is not mutually exclusive . 
  it 's good to be a gambit fan today, 
  i 'm in fact ok with sagna joining city . 
  he 's old and he needs money . 
  they can propose much more than us . 
  good luck to him . 
  dude , lcs is everyweek !, 
  spain vs holland at the worldcup ... you ca n't miss that !, 
  roccat winnig this one, 
  they did it !, 
  right before the spain vs holland !, 
  it 's easy to ge more popularity by hating russians right now . 
  i do n't think he believe anything he says . 
  ukraine has already contacted him . 
  first half a year were good . 
  after that he never showed anything relatively close to his wc form that 's true . 
  it 's a pitty he was n't bought 3-4 years ealier though . 
  might have ended differently . 
  best of luck to you , guys . 
  chances of russia winning anything are nonexistent but there is quite a chance of having usa-russia match in the playoffs . 
  and that is what i want to see . 
  current ukranian goverment is going full yolo . 
  i doubt they care what will happen to country 10 years later . 
  couple of years ago russian commentator called russian goalkeeper `` shit '' and gave some thoughts about his wife 's death thinking he 's off the air . 
  german commentator is an extremly polite man . 
  brazil 2 -1 mexico, 
   or punch, 
  ftfy . 
  i 'm highly pessimistic when it comes to current russia team . 
  i might be biased but the results of last year 's games were rather poor mostly . 
  moreover russia is notorious for losing to weaker teams . 
  i 'd like to have some kind of `` serious night vale '' . 
  more of a horror podcast than a comedy . 
  but it takes way more talant to make one . 
  something like a voice constantly screaming : `` i have ultied you , bastard !, 
  do n't you fucking dare not to die ! '', 
  no matter how cool this skin is i 'll stick with nosferatu . 
  yes, 
   so if putin does not invade the ukraine then he will suffer a huge backlash . 
  that is only an oppinion . 
  most of people i know do n't think that russia should invade . 
  and there are plenty of those who hate current ukranian government and usa at this point . 
  gazzaev 's stache all over again . 
  can i please add visa to my lcs team . 
  already 4 kill this week . 
  i 've been working quite a bit with visas in russia lately . 
  the luck is surely involved . 
  you should start preparing everything far in advance and if you have any issues ... well , it depends , but sometimes that literally means that you are fucked . 
  you can fail to get visa in time even after starting preparing documents month and a half in advance and not doing eveything wrong . 
  i ca n't say what is the sitution in gambit though because there far to many details to be taken in concideration . 
  and it 's a game vs roccat again . 
  10 points already . 
  i 'll save the joke about visas scoring more than complexity till trash talk thread though . 
  well , i still remeber how smooth people reacted on that one character in me3 ...
