  lmq seems to be the best na 's chance at something this year, 
  with that much `` r '' it becomes a pirate song . 
  so , you are russian ? 
  that 's the url of origami that confused me . 
  great work , mate . 
   i hate that i was born russian, 
  well , fuck you too , i guess . 
  i would take overpow over niq any day tbh . 
  not that niq is bad but overpow knows how to play agressive assassins not only mages . 
  henry would n't hurt either . 
  so , i see riot love necropolis from homm just as much as i do . 
  yeah . 
  lets make it imagine dragons vs. 
  dark passage . 
  they ca n't handle that many words at once . 
  i understand what you are trying to say and tend to agree . 
  but using the world `` shit '' here is harsh and tbh unfair . 
  many people will have fun playing it . 
  the only problem is that we are out of its target audience . 
  so , 97 is a year of birth , right ? 
  it 's like saying : i watch football and remember why i love this game . 
  but then i go to play and one of the guys is a jerk and the other one keeps kicking me the whole hour . 
  i give up . 
  i 'll never play football again . 
  wtf , dude . 
  shit happens . 
  carry on . 
  so , does casey love ... 
  craft ? 
  anivia, 
  am i the only one that time to time goes to normals with a champion he sucks at only because the skin is so good ? 
  `` ok , guys , let 's buff quinn ... 
  nah , just kidding . '', 
  try eune , bro . 
  you 'll see what `` lagging '' means . 
  most watanabe 's works have nice soundtracks . 
  it is my most favorite skin in the league though . 
  vo is simply op . 
  ward ? 
  she 's just retired from grandma pro-scene . 
  there is m5 team right now in russia . 
  they are playing in starladder finals tomorrow . 
  rly ? 
  tower icons look like dildos . 
  that 's the only problem . 
  i choose you , ~ ~ pikachu ~ ~ leona . 
   p2w/rngstone, 
  and magic still does n't give a shit . 
  you have misspelled `` whine '' . 
  now back to returning graves his cigar !, 
  i wonder how many of that 3000 ranked games has he been flamed in lobby after picking urgot ? 
  nah , that bronze 5 darius is the real deal !, 
  somehow the first two words from your post that i saw were `` poro '' and `` main ' . 
  now i ca n't stop thinking about maining poro . 
  that muggle though, 
  hive-mind champion would be totally cool concept . 
  like those `` tines '' in vinge 's `` fire upon the deep '' or the gibberlings in allods . 
   maokai looks beautiful !, 
  so , you are saying riot is going to nerf him , right ? 
  better nerf irelia, 
  i just hope those guys that made a smurf-account to have fun with exploit will recieve ban on the main one . 
  i have very little time for league and wasting one of two games a day that i can play after work on such jokers is really frustrating . 
  `` wag the dog '' all over again, 
  he talks in maths, 
  plot twist : his second spell is actually observer . 
  playing zyra support i always try to get more damage than my adc ( frostqueen 's , sightstone than liandry 's voidstuff and more ap ) . 
  if we lose i blame him saying that he ca n't even outdamage his support . 
  that buff and no global gold is so worth it . 
  people love their nostalgia . 
  and iem without gambit seems strange and unnatural . 
  how the fuck did ziggs get those 8 health ? 
  they grow so fast nowadays . 
  that metal gear solid joke !, 
  it makes me somewhat sad that people talking about doctor who usualy mean the `` new '' doctor . 
  and all those `` best things about '' usualy based on this doctor . 
  and i do n't want to say that it is wrong . 
  but guys . 
  there is so much more . 
  bless the maker and all his water . 
  bless the coming and going of him , may his passing cleanse the world . 
  may he keep the world for his people . 
  from now on i 'm only supporting as lee sin . 
  as i know that it is the best support in the universe and no one will ever be upset as qt himself did it earlier . 
  i also learned the valluable lesson that it 's ok to take vlad support , zed support or rumble support as long as i 'm trying to win . 
  i 'm so very relieved to know that community is so unbiased that should someone write about it they will jump to my defence . 
  because there is no way that people are justifying this pick only because qt did it . 
  we need more usual joe `` joe miller '' miller rutine itt . 
  [ do n't move you 're surrounded by armed bastards !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4us7ygiuii ), 
  if you add `` eye of the tiger '' there that will become a video of faker coming to power . 
  wtf graves jungle ? 
  fnatic went full gambit there . 
  is n't that `` trabaja '' ? 
  gon na ask to give me jungle and promise to play godlike tf the whole next day . 
  just for the sheer horror of my teammates . 
  it 's 6 a.m. , i have n't slept for 24 + hours and i 'm so happy i 've watched this game !, 
  are n't you by chance also one of those chelsea + real + bavaria fans ? 
  imperative mood maybe ? 
  alex is pretty unlikely . 
  he 's being playing for rox again lately .
