  champ # 5 . 
  so zed , vi , sona and garen were involved in some cruel experiments on humans at some nazi-ass camp , and the said number 5 was the only one to survive and escape . 
  so now he 's going to destroy the government . 
  almost tricked me with all those teasers , rito . 
  almost . 
  it is eu2 lcs officially now . 
  til i 'm actually undead . 
  had like 1 day rest during the holidays and already back to work . 
  nice one . 
   he 's called jensen now ... 
  [ every fucking time ] ( http://b-i.forbesimg.com/insertcoin/files/2013/10/fired.jpg ), 
  fuck , rito , i want to sleep !, 
  can confirm . 
  just played with zed in my team . 
  he was wood for sure . 
  too bad riot stole all the fame with deadeye teaser . 
   get that inferiority complex chip off their shoulders, 
  na salt, 
  na : c9 , rng , nrg . 
  players : alex , edward , cabo , diamond , freeze , zven . 
  that is so cool . 
  anybody knows who made the voiceover ? 
  inb4 lux picked in eu lcs . 
  made sure to pick gamsu in those fantasylcs leagues where he stayed available . 
  no worries we have that supercool cis team ... 
  ... shoot me . 
  i 've been following cis for 2 years now . 
  i do n't really think that there are any good teams . 
  i mean , best cis team would be doubtful even to make it to lcs . 
  i wo n't define that level as `` good '' . 
  when i saw trickg2 i should have suspected bronze subwars broadcast . 
  reddit is a crowd ( no offence but that is what you call a large group of people of different backgrounds , ages , nationalities ) . 
  reddit has karma system that enforces the posts like by the broadest audience to go up . 
  that means , that the most basic things are likely to be the most upvoted : memes , jokes , etc. 
  and also the most basic emotions to rule over community . 
  like fear or social paranoya . 
  just because they are more basic and easier to relate to . 
  and that is why you ca n't really accuse reddit of overreacting . 
  for the most part overreaction ( circlejerk ) is the only natural reaction this system can produce . 
  and i 'm pretty sure riot understands that . 
  that was the first try that showed that there are multiple issues . 
  riot wo n't anyone to start a new ranked season with this system in the state that it is . 
  that is only logical . 
  unfortunately now more than anything people need to vent their frustration . 
  so will have like dozens of hateposts on the frontpage everyday till they calm down . 
  he already had one . 
  and the first dragon is everything you should care about with games being so short . 
  how about watching something when you live in fucking russia . 
  took me a year and a half to track down and get it on cds back then . 
  carried enemy team nice and fast . 
  what the fuck is wrong with poland ? 
  that is n't fencing tbh . 
  i mean when you are twelve that kind of lightsaber fight looks cool and exciting . 
  but i prefer something that involve less jumping around and more thought . 
  felt fucking dirty . 
  i do n't understand how can anyone wear that shit willingly . 
  eu west west . 
  jhinstantly, 
  i was hoping someone would make this reference when bard was released . 
  better late than never , i guess . 
  support and fill . 
  3-5 seconds usually . 
  long dead so rito gave up on him . 
  i demand a tribute !, 
  you can share it with them , comrade . 
  that also works . 
  with half reddit going there - i doubt it . 
  guitar on babylon vampyres is fucking tasty thought . 
  i can see them . 
  ca n't see myself . 
  at this point i would really like to see riot deleting tahm . 
  reddit 's reaction would be gorgeous . 
  so jihn and ziggs share a birthday ? 
  because qui-gon rules , of course !, 
  dude , i 've farmed 3k with no bonuses for the last two days with one of my arms being broken . 
  coke , koke and keko ? 
  well done , madrid . 
  they wo n't be able to pay you and you 'll have to buy your own food , but if you like russian winters and eager to live in a box you are welcome . 
  4 guys on my lane and derping jungler in my team guarantee to tilt me when i know that i myself play like shit . 
  i dig my hole , you build a wall - bard 2016, 
  are you a joke ? 
  i just want gambit to make it to lcl and this sub to have lcl flairs . 
  you are still forgeting that dl is a girl . 
  nemtsov was n't a threat either . 
  adc top , adc mid , adc jungle , adc adc . 
  we only need adc support . 
  `` rito , why all skins cost so much ?! '', 
  riot makes cheaper but simpler skins, 
  well , it keeps falling over and over again . 
  i mean , classic comedy . 
  so echo fox vs nrg ? 
  they 've killed off most of the characters i hated . 
  happy enough for me . 
  gareth bale, 
  have no idea who the fuck uberdanger is but yasuo player flaming somehow fails to suprise me . 
  we need to start kickstarter compain . 
  masha is russian for mary . 
  gosu is a grill . 
  confirmed on darien 's stream . 
  hi i 'm feeding .
