  i 've been one of a few russians that drink little and rarely . 
  and then gambit 2014 happened . 
  gon na grab some beer on my way home . 
  use smite/ignite more often than flash =  flash on f, 
  gmb 4-0 believe . 
  i ca n't remeber exactly who was the first human to journey into outer space ? 
  should have the title been `` russia '' instead of `` ukraine '' and we 'd already had crowd with pitchforks . 
  hypocrisy is n't one-sided . 
  the pot thickens ... 
  nah ... that 's gnar obviously . 
  how the freaking hell were you looking at her pinkie ?!, 
  explain !, 
  yes . 
  you are not the only one . 
  you are awesome3 . 
  glad we got this sorted out . 
  [ shoot him again !, 
  his soul 's still dancing !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxnfhb9b6y0 ), 
  russia is in fact working on it . 
  i do n't know the state of things and i do suspect that most of the money they 've spent on develping it has been stolen ( usual situation for governmental ordes in russia ) but as far as i know they were working on some kind of russian smartphone with russian os for the military . 
  darien started playing toplane diana . 
  get him back for one game at least . 
  you , of coarse , may disagree with this report . 
  the cost of disagreement will be added to your gas bills . 
  i hate you . 
  gon na be a hard month for my wallet . 
  putin is smart enough to wait for the winter . 
  then many eu countries might find themselves temped to forget about some events that took place recently . 
  i do n't think that any major figure in modern politics care about people . 
  it 's all about influence , short - and longtime profits and internal popularity . 
  ramsey 's a freaking monster so far . 
  what have the romans ever done for us ? 
  which is good starting from mid elo . 
  while smurfing i lost many games by doing things that seemed perfectly right to me . 
  i mean , i 'm pushing my lane , completly shut down my oponent . 
  i 'm taking objectives and 3 guys from the enemy are camping me . 
  ok , i 'm not roaming but my chamoion is n't that good at that . 
  why are we still loosing ? 
  welp , because i 'm an idiot . 
  you ca n't count on that other guys will push free objectives while you keep enemy team busy . 
  what you should do is go join the team and help them win teamfights . 
  there was one situation when my team stoped pushing the objectives to go chasing for 1 kill into unwarded enemy jungle . 
  i got the tower . 
  they got fucked . 
  that has repeated a couple of times and i went as far as nexus towers . 
  got both of them . 
  after that we lost the game . 
  the thing was that the enemy teams was so far ahead that we could n't teamfight at that point . 
  they just kept diving us , taking objectives and closed the game in like 15 minutes . 
  what i should have done is feeding kills and assists to our team . 
  i should have stayed with them even when they chose stupid chase over objecctive just to keep them in game . 
  because it ended with me having the only relevant build in my team and all the objectives could n't save us . 
  they need to understand that in the first place . 
  rest in pyjamas, 
  they 'll buff warwick , give shivana insane ap ratios and make tear viable for aatrox . 
  hard random believe . 
  there should be a russian team at worlds . 
  i throw the game into the pit, 
  forgot to ward , let abilities hit, 
  to face the fear i once believed, 
  the tears of the baron , for you and for me, 
  welp , that bot was n't all that useful . 
  upvoted . 
  karma restored . 
  the hardest thing is to keep demons of hope calm . 
  and i remembered the fourteenth book of bokonon , which i had read in its entirety the night before . 
  and riven should have final fantasy fanfare playing everytime she kills an enemy . 
   fan service, 
  = possible, 
  gragas is god . 
  confirmed . 
  top lane - heaven . 
  beard . 
  beer . 
  also there is jungle purgatory where poor souls are traped in the eternal circle of nerfs and ineffective items . 
  are you really judging him by those three games only ? 
  you do n't loose class that fast . 
  god . 
  swain nerf incoming . 
  curse  freeze, 
  how the fuck should i be happy about this ? 
  now people will start picking him in soloq . 
  100/10 would buy . 
  does n't matter . 
  it is very hard to cope with a teen with a bad attitude . 
  especially if you have zero ways of influencing him . 
  you need a special education to pull this through . 
  league of the apes . 
  it 's like midgame those guys realize `` wow . 
  wtf i 'm playing urgot !, 
  too many dots ... ... 
  it 's in fact funny how many americans were laughing about russia 's sanctions . 
  yeah they do n't harm america . 
  but some small countries in europe are pretty much fucked by them . 
  inb4 warhunter changes his ign to witch-hunter . 
  fun fact : in russia instead of `` ss '' they use `` cc '' ( `` c '' is cyrillic for `` s '' ) . 
  `` better than gambit '' lol . 
  next time russian force plays at any tournament please take trick2g as a caster . 
  someone picks victor in korea , he becomes mainstream at lcs , gets to pick or ban status and is nerfed into oblivion afterwards .
