  my dream just came true . 
  not in lol . 
  they play in starladder now . 
  i 'm not sure about the current roster but was mainly russian ( if not all-russian ) a year ago . 
  m5 icon , guys !, 
  i guess i 've played too much hotline miami . 
  yeah , i know . 
  but the masks !, 
  was that michael owen ? 
  [ nobody fucks with the jesus !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9w9eiltz_a ), 
  so guys , is naut only viable as a support right now ? 
  i know he 's been picked top in korea but to little succes . 
  what about jungle ? 
  alex performed better than gambit yesterday . 
  usually i hate these videos . 
  but that one is really good . 
  ru = bronze, 
  danmark , russia , poland , korea and china will have strong teams . 
  everybody else are fucked . 
  how the fuck porpoise is jungle instead of oddone ? 
  you mean both of them are imaginary ? 
  and you can drop that `` graphics '' part . 
  marcus flint is actually a gunner . 
  who would have thought ? 
  while with russia we just know from the start that process rights were violated . 
  but guy 's dead so no one cares . 
  does anybody know if everyone from hr managed to get visas for this ? 
  oh , usual midseason drama . 
  best of luck to leviathan . 
  do n't care about his coaching , he was epic at analyst desk . 
  and i 'm totally buying all of them - . -, 
  avalanche of sci-fi movie trailers released !, 
  ok , ok , 4 trailers . 
  not really an avalanche but still . 
  ok , batman vs superman is not exactly sci-fi . 
  and fantastic four . 
  and jurasic world . 
  and star wars . 
  basically fuck you . 
  tl ; dr marvel should hire warren ellis more often . 
  not her fault she 's clueless . 
  she provided some kristen stewart level performance there though . 
  oh , i 'm sure riot will add it to replay system . 
  how about : stop feeding !, 
  when you are 0-3 before i end my third camp it becomes really hard to help you . 
  nightmarehoon . 
  i miss normalhoon though . 
  unpopular opinion but that was pretty lazy . 
  it could be any movie made into generic girl-series . 
  i mean you can take away all the marvel characters and replace them with star wars cast or game of thrones characters and that will be pretty much the same sketch . 
  still waiting for ranked teambuilder . 
   his ult stops/resets time for 4 seconds, 
  fake . 
  assassin with a supportive ult that is both useless and hard to add to game . 
  fake . 
  but a good one at least . 
  meanwhile in russia it is cheaper to buy vodka , get drunk and imagine using a skin than actually buying it . 
  fuck after all that hype that was so satisfying . 
  how can we trashtalk when trash is already out ? 
  called bullshit on all that time rewind ult . 
  people waste a lot of time . 
  then they wish for more . 
  some people waste no time . 
  still they wish for more . 
  yes, 
  this week or the next one . 
  while this week seems more probable they can reveal kit first and add him to pbe later . 
  you know , i really want gambit to try archie from current m5 roster if edward choses to go . 
  i never follow those pings . 
  first enemy team ask you to feed poro and the next second they are trying ti rape your ass . 
  password is taco, 
  scarra - back in black . 
  ninja and the emperor - sounds like some kind of cheesy heavy metal ballad . 
  on my team : 40 minutes afk farm even wjen a 4v5 teamfight is next to him . 
  and then he comes with his 10 stacks . 
  on the enemy team : fucking raidboss . 
  he oneshots your adc , rape towers , splitpush 24/7 all while spaming dance . 
  riot creative team . 
  those guys rock . 
  but john dies at the end !, 
  the book is much better . 
  the easiest way is hard engage . 
  take supp blitz , tresh or morg . 
  once she 's cc 'd all in her . 
  dead zyra or zyra with no summoners . 
  lets face it : you could have used words `` rebuild russian empire '' for examle insted of `` ussr '' . 
  the fact is : he does n't . 
  in that case the change of ideology would be nessesary and i do n't think we are returning to communism anytime soon . 
  what he does is a simple expansion of russia 's territory . 
  i played hell lot of this guy but i still feel insecure early as i tend to get shit on by guys like zed and generaly have a hard time playing against assassins or high burst brusers . 
  i was frozen today !, 
  let 's not forget that darien and genja used to flame their teams a lot . 
  they just rarely did it in the game chat . 
  mostly they did it offline . 
  and that is basically the difference between a smart guy and not-so-smart one . 
  there are passionate people who get invested in this game very much on the emotional level and ca n't suppress the frustration . 
  but there are different ways to express it . 
  just win more, 
  lol , i 'm not even sure if system is live in russia .
