  it still did n't stop brexit happening , because people voted not based on recent events , but because they fundamentally disagreed with the direction ththe eu was heading , and our role in it . 
  everyone i know who voted leave is pretty pleased . 
  why are pro eu folk so classist ? 
  he never promised it would get spent on it ,, 
  well he did n't, 
  wow , some people will believe anything if it gives them another reason to hate farage . 
  yeah , they did a good job about the migrant crisis . 
  there is never going to be a `` good '' time to have a referendum on the eu . 
  all it does is lurch from crisis to crisis, 
  i voted leave , feels good man . 
  populism is just a word to insult popular things, 
  absolute fantasy to think stuff like that is seriously going to happen, 
  did you read my post ? 
  he 's not part of vote leave . 
  it 's a separate group to his . 
  and he very clearly did n't endorse that figure before . 
  so you 're either misinformed or lying . 
  '' # 350m a week is wrong , its higher than that ... gross contribution is # 55m a day ... rebates , grants , agricultural support comes back at # 21m a day ... easier to say # 34m a day , # 10b a year which is too much , spend that money here on our own people '' https://youtu.be/u1uucdfzlbk?t=43m40s, 
  nigel farage is n't a member of vote leave , and did n't use that figure to begin with . 
  are you lying intentionally or just ill informed ? 
  ... `` who are consistently wrong '', 
  the eu is n't europe . 
  it 's a political body . 
  these seem pretty good http://www.betteroffout.net/campaigning/campaigning-materials/ you can pick holes in them like any campaign material . 
  but they 're not like the shit that gets upvoted here as `` representative '' of the general leave campaign, 
  funny how the most upvoted leaflets in this sub are cherry picked shitty leave ones and good remain ones . 
  how is brexit not the british way ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  hard to debate when you get downvoted to the point your posts are hidden, 
  almost as if leavers are n't much of a presence here !, 
  but it is vastly pro-eu membership . 
  when do you finish sixth form ? 
  cool . 
  i think they 're more likely to respond to one-on-one messaging . 
  i chose those two because they 're pretty good with technology and online stuff . 
  here 's the email addresses for two eurosceptic politicians i 'm sure would be interested in doing an ama here . 
  daniel hannan , conservative mep daniel.hannan@europarl.europa.eu douglas carswell , ukip mp douglas@douglascarswell.com, 
  yeah , i think this is the mods not too subtle way of endorsing the in campaign while having a degree of deniability . 
  it 's pretty obvious any questions that are n't pro uk-staying-in-the-eu will get downvoted and not answered . 
  so what 's the point ? 
  inb4 britain votes remain because of this, 
  could say the same about the pro eu posters who call the uk `` england '' . 
  but they still get upvoted, 
  when does the flag of europe get used for anything but the eu ? 
  it 's a simple error, 
  clearly the british public think the house is collapsing already , and would much rather leave it, 
  but it is n't bullshit . 
  kinda proved itself true really, 
  nobody knows what will happen tomorrow . 
  not sure why that means you should be afraid of it . 
  there was literally one poll that showed a 1 % lead for leaving in that referendum . 
  nothing like this . 
  every single poll of its user base has / r/ukpolitics as being very balanced , with most polls having a slight majority for remaining . 
  the only reason you 'd think it was quite right wing is because you 're so used to right wing posts being downvoted into oblivion or deleted, 
  except when it restricts your posting, 
  meanwhile , the ops perfectly innocuous thread is downvoted to 67 % imagine what a post actually critiquing the eu would get, 
  utter bollocks . 
  nobody is remotely suggesting this is done, 
  `` farage be bad man , he want brexit , that make brexit bad ! '', 
  what more could you possibly need to know ? 
  ignoring the fact that by voting remain , farage would still be speaking for us an mep, 
  yeah , i guess you prefer the remain campaign stuff ? 
   they rarely take the sensible option they 've backed the winning party in every election for the last 50 years but keep belittling brexiters . 
  it will surely help, 
  can i get a link to the thread with this info ? 
  i 'd like to discuss it !, 
  thanks, 
  and these are the pollsters who have regularly had remain with a significant lead in the past ... 
  sure, 
  wow , mocking a desire for democracy . 
  well that 's bollocks, 
  yep , brexit is so terrible . 
  that 's why david cameron decided offering the referendum was n't worth the risk ... oh wait, 
  have a look at / r/unitedkingdom some time , most brexit threads are competitions of who can call brexiters racist idiots the most . 
   comedian makes joke what a bastard, 
  why use the bnp as an example ? 
  we did n't even get a referendum on the maastricht treaty . 
  so the scottish nationalists can fuck right off if they think a referendum will be approved within the next ten years, 
  / r/ukpolitics is decent . 
  mostly because it has a wide balance and variety of political viewpoints, 
  easy to say when you are n't the ones getting your posts hidden and restricted because you keep getting doenvoted, 
  you guys should leave too . 
  many will follow , and a simple trade group can be made afterwards without all the bullshit the eu has, 
  so it takes forty five plus years in between eu referendums , but less than five for 2 scottish referendums ? 
  unfucking likely . 
  well tough titties . 
  even the vast majority of the brits who are voting remain are opposed to further integration . 
  so we 're not gon na suddenly join the euro and schengen if we vote to remain, 
  aaaand you get downvoted just for supporting leave . 
  this subreddit is pathetic, 
  so no reason to downvote it then, 
  why do any eurosceptic articles get instantly downvoted on this subreddit ? 
  are europhiles here really that petty ? 
  one mans truth is another mans trolling, 
  seems pretty broke to me already tbh, 
  maybe you remainers would have better polls if you stopped patronising brexiters and treating them like retards ? 
   i bet a huge number of people would be happy to stay in europe if the borders kept the foreigners out . 
  at least from the scary countries they ca n't point to on a map . 
  i mean seriously , you sound like a cunt . 
  so germany is in charge of the eu ?
