   massive backlash so massive she 's now shadow home secretary ... 
  where 's this quote from ? 
  that 's a lot of words to say `` muh feels '', 
  diane abbott for example, 
  free speech until it 's `` hate speech '' `` hate speech '' meaning whatever the current establishment deems unacceptable . 
  amazing historical revisionism , the eu was hardly a * central * tenet of the campaign . 
  the ability for scotland to keep the pound was the biggest , and that should tell you something about scotland 's love of the eu project, 
  that 's what i was saying idiot . 
  brexit was n't about the economics of it either , and yet all this place talks about was how stupid brexiters are for leaving because it hurts the economy , while at the same time praising the idea of scottish independence despite it being an even worse idea economically, 
  uk votes for brexit `` you stupid morons , look at all the money you 're losing !! '', 
  scotland might vote for independence `` it 's not about the money guys '' hmm ... 
  not much of a u-turn ... 
  it was n't even policy, 
  yeah . 
  much better to blame the westminster boogeyman, 
  still waiting for the eu to deliver the same for british citizens if they do n't it 'll show just how shit an organisation it is, 
   most of the u.k. is against brexit shame they were too lazy to vote ... 
  so in other words . 
  you do n't despise everything they stand for, 
   despise everything ukip stand for no you do n't, 
  they propose replacing it with a british bill of human rights , not just scrapping them and leaving it at that, 
  nope, 
  not sure how anyone can complain about this when the eu has n't garaunteed the rights of uk nationals either, 
  did n't see much humour from the mountain of salt that was remainers after the eu ref, 
  what about all the other eu members who cherry pick ? 
  or are we supposed to ignore that so we can shit on the uk some more ? 
  `` remainer thinks brexit is bad '' stop the presses, 
  an eu supporter complaining about a government body taking its time ? 
  oh the irony, 
  do you not understand what `` earliest it could happen '' means ? 
  in case you did n't realise this . 
  david cameron wanted to remain . 
  a big part of his campaign to remain was to create as much uncertainty as possible regarding the potential brexit . 
  this included announcing he 'd invoke article fifty the day after a leave vote , which we all now know was a lie and nothing more than a ploy to scare people . 
  as well as him ordering the civil service to not assist leave campaigning mps nor to create any plans for brexit themselves . 
  no idea what you 're talking about in october . 
  january was said to be the earliest it could possibly be triggered , and that was by someone who was n't in a position to say so . 
  march is the first date said by someone who actually wants to leave , and is in the position to do so . 
  no ... last time they said the earliest it could happen was in january . 
  do try to keep up, 
  it was true at the time, 
  would go faster if the eu did n't refuse to talk until article 50 is triggered, 
  hahahahahaha, 
  we are m8, 
  oh yeah , i forgot the eu stopped all wars and brought peace and prosperity across the land . 
  yep , that eu stability sure feels good for the record high unemployment in southern europe, 
  fuck the eu . 
  no idea why so many here have a love affair with an artificial undemocratic government . 
  ... because elections involve getting new officials , whereas if they did n't follow the result of the referendum , nothing would change, 
  why ? 
  if you do n't learn from your mistakes you 're doomed to repeat them . 
  ignoring those who were right about not taking them in is n't a good idea, 
  pro tip , there is no point in staying in the eu . 
  it is literally just artificially sustaining its existence, 
  was n't aware you had to have a political union to co operate ... 
  it got old in the first couple hours after leave won . 
  now it needs to be put out to pasture, 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the national polling had a majority for leave in 2010 , 2011 , 2012 and half of 2013 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum, 
  that never happened . 
  brexiters had to wait 41 years to get another chance , these remainers want to simply ignore reality and force what they want through despite the democratic will of the public . 
  remainers suddenly agree with farage huh, 
   but that 's not the case . 
  cameron promised that if we remained we would still try to reform and get as much separate from the eu as possible without actually leaving . 
  which is absolutely meaningless , since camerons beloved `` reforms '' we 're nothing of consequence . 
  how is a march literally demanding we not leave the eu not an attack on leavers ? 
  i do n't think the protestors were leave voters, 
  4 % actually, 
  considering it takes longer to type europe than eu, 
  typical remainer , hates the country, 
  yeah . 
  fuck 52 % of the population !, 
  and do n't come back !, 
  you 're gon na feel like a pillock in a few years, 
  the only reason cameron promised a referendum was the threat of ukip poaching tory voters, 
   considering i live in london , i know the exact situation the uk is in london is pretty different to the rest of the u.k. , as the eu ref results showed . 
  whatever , this guy had it right . 
  other than constantly being called idiots , racists and general scum ? 
  why would people listen to a group who do nothing but insult them ? 
  what `` deluge '' ? 
   want to privatise the nhs not this bollocks again ... 
  is there any hard evidence fethullah gulen is involved in this failed coup ? 
  yeah , we should listen to experts like our friends at the imf ... 
  pope francis is a terrible pope . 
  just constantly submitting to islamic domination . 
  it 's pathetic, 
  jihadi johns name was mohammed emwazi, 
  would n't want people to know its mohammed and osama doing these attacks rather than john and richard eh ? 
  i think he would have wanted to not be murdered a jihadi, 
  it was only brexiters who seemed to know that, 
  thanks merkel . 
  funny thing is the germans will re-elect her still, 
  i could respond , but it 's pretty clear based on the downvotes nobody cares to hear opposition . 
  yes , but it 's not impossible for them to both be decent . 
  nothing that farage said implied otherwise outside of mental gymnastics, 
  that 's a real stretch . 
  by the same logic me calling my mum a loving mother would be implying that your mother was n't loving ? 
  utterly ridiculous . 
  yep . 
  all those millions of ukip voters are bloody racists,
