  the eu is a supranational political entity . 
  europe is a continent of people , cultures and landscapes . 
  not sure why i ca n't love one but not the other, 
  link to your `` lords in av referendum '' point ? 
  you do n't think poverty kills ? 
  you do n't think making the uk have less money to spend on its health system kills ? 
  i suspect brits do n't have the same knee jerk revulsion to mass surveillance because a ) we do n't have the same history of fascism or authoritarianism as many continental european countries do , so we have less of a fear of our government . 
  b ) we have a long history with terrorist attacks , mainly the ira , when you live under the looming threat of your pub being bombed , knowing gchq might be looking at private details does n't seem such a big deal, 
  national referendums so far have used the standard of `` anybody who can vote in a general election can vote in this '', 
  if you ca n't convince someone something is in their interest , it probably is n't really in their interest . 
  if eu citizens were allowed to vote , it would be obvious the government were just stuffing their ballot box since they would clearly vote remain . 
  eu citizens were n't given the vote because they ca n't vote in general elections either , and thats the standard used for national referendums . 
  the british people were n't `` wrong '' , they just wanted something different than you . 
  the eu do n't want to pay the required costs for nato membership . 
  the eu want to freeload on the uks self-funded intelligence service , and simultaneously want to give us a deal that will result in less money , money which is needed to keep funding the intelligence service !, 
  how is opening a subsidiary office an `` exodus '' ? 
  nah , after all the people here saying referendums are a terrible idea we decided to listen to you , and not give scotland one . 
  just like brexiteers hate the eu , not europe . 
  conflating brexiters with trolls is n't fair either . 
  ... do you guys think the eec and the eu are the same thing ? 
  you did n't grasp my point then . 
  optimism about brexit is n't allowed here fella, 
  do n't think you 've really thought about the way this map is structured . 
  the logic behind the map would mean ... 
  if 90,000 poles , 90,000 romanians and 90,000 greeks moved to the uk using freedom of movement , india would still be considered the single largest group for having 95,000 . 
  treat eu countries migrants as one entity and they 'd clearly be the biggest group, 
  i keep getting told by snp members the snp are n't just about independence ... 
  were they lying ? 
  ... so where exactly did i moan about scotland 's mps ? 
  why are you ignoring the times labour was in power , often with scottish high ranking cabinet members or pms . 
  why do you think the tory scottish mps and votes are not important ? 
  ditto to you about increased support, 
  why 'd you delete your post ? 
  thanks, 
  do you not know what `` per capita '' means ? 
  and do you think england is a big homogenous entity ? 
  that an english mp from manchester wants the same things as an english mp from kent ? 
  so there has n't been a meaningful increase in support then, 
  after looking at a few profiles , no , they are n't . 
  funny how it has n't actually shifted the independence polls that much then, 
  yeah , a citizen of scotland is equal to a citizen of england . 
  what meaningful increase in support has there been ? 
  the polls show basically the same result as they did for the previous referendum . 
  not to mention sturgeon said she would n't seek a referendum until support for independence was over 60 % , i guess she realised it ai n't gon na happen, 
  it did ensure their place in the eu , right up until we decided to leave it . 
  besides , that was literally one argument , the way it 's talked about on here you 'd think it was the defining campaign point . 
  because you voted to remain part of this country , that includes making decisions like this as a country . 
  sure , that 's why i said we should n't do it in the middle of it, 
  good thing may will block it , absolutely ridiculous posturing from sturgeon and the greens to try and get another referendum less than five years from the previous one , in the middle of the biggest negotiation we 've ever had . 
  edit : sorry for interrupting the anti uk circlejerk guys , i 'll just let you get on with it . 
  has anyone here watched the video ? 
  really let that guy get to you , huh, 
  the worst of it was immediately after the referendum , you 'd get people claiming britain was literally unsafe to be in and that roving gangs of leave voters were lynching poles . 
  so we have to rely on every pm and government for the rest of time vetoing it ? 
  that does n't sound like a good plan , nor a healthy relationship with the eu, 
  hows malmo this time of year ? 
  reminder that ukip only came first in the eu elections for the uk in 2014 . 
  before that every other party came first , all of which were pro eu . 
  but no , blame ukip for the eus problems . 
  feels like they have a chip on their shoulder, 
   access to the single market do you mean membership of the single market ? 
   pay the bill legally , we are n't required to pay the arbitrarily created bill . 
  well , sure we would n't if it 's been deleted, 
  yeah , the real underdogs were the guys who were already in power !, 
  he was literally seen as a joke by the mainstream media and by the political establishment , his own party hated him , clinton was given absolutely huge odds to win . 
  having `` huge press coverage '' is n't much help if all the coverage is about how racist and evil you are . 
  political memes only seem to be good when they 're backing the underdog . 
  trump was the underdog ( and in media terms , still is , since most of it still shits on him constantly ) brexit was the underdog . 
  it 's not easy to argue that the eu is the underdog, 
  if they vote to leave it 'll be a `` democratic triumph over their evil colonial english oppressors '' or some such bollocks . 
  the people who were young in the 70s voted to remain in the eu then , are now the old folks who voted to leave this time . 
  why are you so certain that a 16 year old remainer will stay that way ? 
  so i guess these people are as bad as farage then ? 
  also from today 's `` unite for europe '' march in london http://i.imgur.com/gs7kqew.jpg, 
  always nice to see another self hating brit . 
  the culture of ... 
  wanting to leave a political union ? 
  no , why would he ? 
  we 're british , we know how to queue . 
  we tried to get the eu to end fom for us , they were n't interested , so we had one of two options . 
  either a ) ignore the will of the people or b ) leave the eu, 
  so why do politicians promoting multiculturalism never say what i previously talked about ? 
  raised by and within a middle eastern community . 
  being in kent does n't magically turn him into an englishman any more than i would transform into a thai person by getting raised in an english community in bangkok, 
  i do n't recall farage saying that all terrorism is because of multiculturalism , so i do n't see the point you 're trying to make . 
  that 's convenient . 
  so even when certain cultures end up wrecking everything after coming here , you can still say multiculturalism is working fine . 
  if i was born in thailand and raised in an english community , i guess that would make me an `` easterner '' ? 
  ... so why should we trust the representatives you believe in the rest of the time ? 
  who 's to say they are n't only supporting eu membership because they thought it 'd be a good career path after being an mp ? 
  only if you think multiculturalism means `` some cultures can get along , but others ca n't '' , which is something i 've literally never ever heard from advocates of multiculturalism . 
  integrating europeans into another european country is n't particularly impressive . 
  well , yeah . 
  they wanted to reduce immigration , quite badly in fact . 
  they were told it was n't possible because we 're in the eu . 
  so they voted to leave the eu . 
  not really stupid unless you think their view that immigration needed to be reduced is somehow invalid . 
  either multiculturalism has succeeded or its failed . 
  it 's entire concept relies on the idea that all cultures are equal , when clearly they are n't . 
  so remainers are following farage now ?
