  the representative we elected decided a referendum was a good idea . 
  and if they lose the second , perhaps a third ? 
  the daily mail is one of the best selling papers in the country . 
  why post such a ridiculous statement like `` we both hate '' it ? 
  perhaps what you mean is , a segment of the left wing reddit user demographic hates it, 
  it 's also beneficial to them to ignore the problem and act as if islam is fine, 
  i 'm happy we win the referendum . 
  i 'm happy we will be leaving the eu . 
  i hope we can part amicably , so i hope the eu is n't actually full of some of the people posting around here , calling us `` backstabbers '' for leaving a voluntary organisation because the public do n't want to be members . 
  yeah , let 's just let the well educated and upper middle classes vote . 
  having access to the sea is n't good enough , they need to have a powerful navy as well . 
  something not really focused on when you 're already surrounded by land bordering enemies . 
  slavic countries did n't have the naval power required for colonies , russia only managed because they happened to live right next to them, 
  the european countries that did n't have colonies only did n't have them because they were incapable of doing so, 
  call one then nicola , nobody is stopping you from holding your own . 
  let it change to an acceptable level before coming here then, 
  wonder how the current state will compare to 2016 after brexit is finished . 
  so we just have to wait a few hundred years ... why are we allowing muslims to mass migrate here currently then ? 
  as a brit , it 's clear that they hate us , cus they ai n't us . 
   many muslims a meaningless statement . 
  i 'm sure `` many '' paedophiles do n't hurt kids , it does n't mean i want them in my neighbourhood . 
  do n't hey have internet access in muslim countries ? 
  why do they need to move by their millions to europe to `` learn '' from us ? 
  even if they somehow did learn from us , it would hardly help the islamic countries back home . 
  here 's a poll of british muslims on various issues , it 's from 2007 , so unless you think they 've rapidly become enlightened in a decade i doubt it 's much different . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/6309983.stm here are some extracts . 
   62 % of 16 to 24-year-olds feel they have as much in common with non-muslims as muslims , compared with 71 % of over-55s  37 % of 16 to 24-year-olds prefer sharia compared with 17 % of over-55s  36 % of 16 to 24-year-olds believe if a muslim converts to another religion they should be punished by death , compared with 19 % of over-55s this shows that they are not integrating , but are in fact becoming more radical each generation . 
  then there 's this more recent poll https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law  however , when asked to what extent they agreed or disagreed that homosexuality should be legal in britain , 18 % said they agreed and 52 % said they disagreed , compared with 5 % among the public at large who disagreed . 
  almost half ( 47 % ) said they did not agree that it was acceptable for a gay person to become a teacher , compared with 14 % of the general population . 
  moderate islam is possible , just not in a meaningful way with the current immigration policies and encouragement of multiculturalism over integration . 
  perhaps , but do you think it 's fair to force westerners to have to live with people with values from centuries ago , in the hope that perhaps hundreds of years from now they 'll catch up to where we are currently ? 
  acting in accordance and believing in the same values as the average westerner , something the average muslim does n't do . 
  there 's a reason most islamic countries have terrible human rights by western standards https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_islamic_countries, 
  polling consistently shows that the average muslim has views considered extreme by western standards though , all you 're doing is lowering the bar for extremism when it comes to islam . 
  right , so you consider a christian opposing a policy to be radical . 
  what makes you consider a muslim to be radical ? 
  what is `` moderate '' islam to you ? 
  because i doubt it 's what mainstream islam actually is . 
  we consider muslims radical when they try to kill people we consider christians radical when they oppose homosexuality . 
  consider how low the bar is set for a `` moderate '' average muslim . 
  i do n't want europe to become a muslim continent because islam is backwards . 
  lmao at all these downvotes, 
  so surely you 're against scotland doing that then ? 
  what on earth is an english nationalist then ? 
  `` you guys '' referring to the anti uk brigade who post round these here parts . 
  well , since we 're leaving the eu , and the snp want scotland to be in it , yes it would change . 
  you 're right , perhaps the uk should act more european and just not give scotland a referendum . 
  would that make you guys happy ? 
  damn , did n't know you were holding a grudge for victorian era britain . 
  glad i voted to leave the political union you guys had a stake in . 
  you sound like the only rabid one here . 
  clearly the answer is to leave the uk , who they have four times as much trade with as the eu . 
  as long as we 're just deciding what 's worth debating , scottish independence is n't worth debating . 
  glad that 's settled . 
  yes , i 'm sure the snp would simply stop constantly shouting and bawling for another referendum if the government did everything they wanted . 
  oh please , the snp will demand a referendum every couple of years until they win . 
  last i checked , wales voted leave , along with just under half of ni and around 40 % of scotland . 
  but yeah , fuck the english , those colonial bastards have gone too far, 
  scots get their own regional parliament , but if the english want more control over england then it 's suddenly a bad thing . 
  interesting , ukip is an english nationalist party that stands in seats all across the uk ... really makes me think . 
  actually circumstances have n't changed yet , as i keep hearing from you guys . 
  we have n't left yet !, 
  i think another scottish referendum should wait until 2020 or 2021 , enough time for brexit to be finished and the effects to be known . 
  ... you know the difference between a trade deal and trying to join the eu , right ? 
  i 've seen plenty of remain voters arguing for soft brexit , unfortunately they often seem to get drowned out by radicals who think we should just ignore the referendum and call leave voters bigots . 
  it was n't a scottish referendum . 
  it was a uk wide one . 
  a kind of referendum they agreed to when voting to remain in the uk less than five years ago . 
  thanks for the opinion fam . 
  now tell me about all the economic benefits from scotland becoming independent . 
  tha depends , did their country just have a vote on the referendum in which they won ? 
  the answer in this case , is yes . 
  english nationalists ? 
  i do n't recall any major movements for an independent england . 
  as for hard brexiters , funny how the snp were anti eu right up until the tories started liking it , eh ? 
  at least you 're honest instead of peddling the usual `` freedom from le evil english '' bollocks, 
  the u.k. 
  came into existence through the act of union , which had the kingsom of scotland officially joining with the kingdom of england . 
  wales was n't a country at that point , and was n't one right up until the mid 20th century . 
  it wo n't be up to `` england '' when wallonia vetoes a trade deal, 
  fuck the leave voters in scotland then ? 
  there is no real argument for an independent scotland if you voted remain for trade . 
  scotland had 60 + % of its trade with the uk , so if scotland joins the eu and the uk leaves , then it 's effectively fucked them . 
  oh boy , ca n't wait to see all the continentals hoping and cheering for the destruction of the u.k. again, 
  but ... 
  he did n't say what that guy put in quote marks . 
  why am i being downvoted ? 
  who are you quoting ? 
  i 've seen more hate for conservatives than for minorities on here . 
  so in response to his perfectly logical complaint , you just go off on a tangent about how he would need to google something . 
  lmao, 
  really ? 
  if it was run in an ethical way then the remain campaign would n't have had millions more than the leave campaign by using government funds to send a letter to every house in the country . 
  remain would n't have had a pm saying he 'd trigger article 50 immediately if we voted leave , and a chancellor threatening a `` punishment budget '' along with it . 
  the remain government would n't have denied access to the civil service to leave supporting mps . 
  we would n't have had our remain pm doing a fake negotiation to try and trick people . 
  he only did that after the maastricht treaty got voted in by the gov without a referendum, 
  oh fuck off , nobody is calling people traitors of democracy for voting remain . 
  at worst , people are getting called traitors by a tiny minority for trying to overturn the result, 
  lmao,
