  for the greater good, 
  just voted conservative feels good man, 
  not really principled then, 
   independent, 
  trump asks for eu nations to pay the 2 % nato demands juncker freaks out and says no then says its up to europe to manage its own defence ... u wot m8, 
  literally writing your own narrative now , lmao, 
  embarassing . 
  this is trump style politics from corbyn, 
   nobody is suffering 7 people are dead and 20 are severely injured you 're sick mate, 
  learn to read . 
  in that case i already rebutted your point , jog on, 
  is it a point ? 
  all you did was make a snarky comment regarding brexit in the middle of a terror attack, 
  only simple human emotion that 's at play right now is a pole being angry and taking a political decision wayyyy too personally . 
  the highest polling reason to vote leave was for sovereignty . 
  not `` poles stealing jobs '' . 
  get over yourself . 
  maybe next time try not to crack wise about your butthurt over brexit when a terrorist is murdering people . 
   you voted for brexit because you thought poles `` stealing jobs and leeching of welfare '' was uk 's biggest problem . 
  translation : `` i know exactly how the biggest british political event of my lifetime happened , far better than you in fact , because i read all about it in the independent ! '', 
  you literally took the uk suffering a terror attack to shit on brexit voters, 
  well , no actually . 
  he said it was a tory plot . 
  if you 're a falkland islander , corbyn literally wanted to let you live under the thumb of a foreign fascist dictator , because sending troops to kick out invaders is a `` tory plot '', 
  well that 's a lie, 
  hardly a pyrrhic victory if they win a majority , and can thus do whatever they want regardless, 
  fair enough , i 'll be sure to report all personal attacks on me in the future . 
  i never said it was my only reason you ducking mug, 
  really makes me think, 
  `` if you do n't vote tory . 
  you must think tories are cunts '' nice logic fuccboi , guess even more people think labour are cunts, 
  im not a tory , i just do n't irrationally hate them for vague reasons, 
   everyone you realise they are still the highest polling party ? 
  the left wing delusion is real ... 
  so they have n't actually vetoed it , since it was n't even put forward i would hope they did veto it while we 're still members , i do n't think we should have to pay towards it, 
  ca n't wait for the tories to win just to see the smug arrogant ridiculous people like you cry, 
  what has the uk veto ' since the vote ? 
  as far as i can see they 've barely interacted since it please give an example of them vetoing something since the referendum, 
  you 've moved the goalposts to now the person has to be one of significant power ? 
  fuck off , there is literally nothing i could say that would n't just coke with more situpulatioms from you, 
   for once `` muh media bias '', 
  lmao . 
  how many more do you need ? 
  muslim migration to the uk before the 60 's was so minimal it 's irrelevant on a national scale . 
  as for a figure who opposed it , enoch powell for one , he even cited the ongoing and endless conflict between muslims and hindus as an example for why peaceful multiculturalism was n't a realistic prospect . 
  i 'm the same ideological group , conservatives who are against mass migration from incompatible cultures please , stop dodging the question, 
  so will you admit the people initially opposed to muslim immigration at the time were right ? 
  to be fair , we 're the same people who did n't want to let the , in in the first place . 
  if you 'd ha e listened then , we would n't be having this problem, 
  or i just disagree with the muslim council of britain ? 
  not like they 'd be likely to be biased in favour of muslims , eh ? 
  when they inevitably outnumber us ? 
  yeah . 
  8.1 % of all school age children are now muslim . 
  by the next generation , they 'll be pushing 20 % of the overall population . 
  `` what culture '' real tired of people demanding brits define their entire culture within a reddit post . 
  literally no other country gets this kind of bollocks, 
  but we have no culture fam , `` we '' did n't do anything, 
  `` define your culture within a sentence '' do n't be silly mate, 
  when the alternative for change is objectively worse ? 
  yeah . 
  scottish culture is about as different to english culture as northern french to southern french culture . 
   that 's different well , yeah ? 
  first of all , it 's not our country , we do n't decide spain 's immigration policy second of all , they 're hardly a self perpetuating group , since they 're too old to have kids, 
  up to you , not our place to decide your immigration policy . 
  feel free to hug a jihadi if you want mate , i 'd rather stay away from them, 
  do n't really get what you 're saying here ... 
  if the conservatives have less than half the seats , then they wo n't have a majority, 
  not any worse than the people saying we should n't crack down on radical islamists because `` it will drive them to isis '', 
  yeah we get it , you hate tories . 
  change the fucking record . 
  plenty of threads with percentage points in the 80 's on the front page , just salty europhiles downvoting positive uk news here, 
  nope, 
  still not sure why brexit is supposed to be bad simply because it 's `` populist '' ... 
  if there is no support for eu membership , do n't you think it 's wrong to essentially force the public to be in it anyway ? 
  who knew answering a simple question was so hard when it came to the euro ... 
  i 'm not trying to get them to do my arguing for me , i 'm asking for their perspective . 
  i guess that was too optimistic of me . 
  sorry mate , you 're hopeless . 
   back to england because only the english voted to leave ? 
  and as we all know , no `` rich toffs '' backed remain , am i right ? 
  a ship of tears ... 
  does n't work nearly as well as the whole `` sea is from the tears of europhiles '' thing . 
  nice effort though , with some work you can improve . 
  since you 're having problems understanding a simple question , i 'll break it down for you . 
  i 'm asking you why you think people do n't want them , not why i personally do n't want them . 
  the purpose of the question is to find out what your view is on why things are as they are . 
  i understand you may have some cognitive issues , so take your time in a response . 
  have a think . 
  just proves my point . 
  thanks mate . 
  you did n't answer the question . 
  why would n't people want them ? 
  damn , he supports the euro and ca n't utter a word in its defense ... 
  since you 're already here , maybe you can answer this simple question . 
  if the euro and fom are so clearly great , why would n't people want them ? 
  woops , confused the two irishmen . 
  easy mistake . 
  great comment . 
  can you explain why people would n't want to join the euro and have fom if it 's so great ?
