  i keep getting told he was elected , so which is it ? 
  if you thought the eu were at all better than our politicians , you 're sorely mistaken, 
  so juncker was merely pretending to be retarded ? 
  lmao, 
  i 've seen enough already thanks, 
  lmao , you calling someone else 's justifications desperate . 
  literally all i had to do was enter `` snp vote '' into a search engine . 
  but please , keep praising my herculean effort, 
  lmao , `` just take my word for it brah , otherwise you 're a fucking loser for taking five seconds to check something '' nice try fuccboi, 
  where 's this agreement that involved us paying money for nothing in return ? 
  where 's the broken agreement ? 
  we simply used article 50 , a part of the existing agreement, 
  because the magical eu prevents war or something, 
  always nice to see another britain hating thread . 
  may is right , you know . 
  how is that edge ? 
  did daddy make you pay him tribute ? 
  `` boohoo , why does n't the uk want to pay us money and receive nothing in return ? '', 
  mate , you very clearly support scottish independence , you 're seriously telling me you did n't vote snp ? 
  what was it then , greens ? 
  ew , middle aged and older people ? 
  cancel brexit now !, 
  see you election day fam :d, 
  so you 're saying he intended to read a 2000 page document over dinner ? 
  sounds legit, 
  the remain vote grows smaller by the day . 
  thanks for showing your true colours eu !, 
  lmao , do you seriously think the reminder led government was right not to plan for both possible outcomes of a referendum they devised ? 
  eu really fucked up if they actually wanted any deal ( i suspect they did n't ) . 
  the tories are going to get a big poll boost from this , and the new government will be one devoted to hard brexit . 
  juncker has done his best to convince the british public that no deal is better than a bad deal , and it 's working . 
  reminder that several people reported merely seeing nigel farage on television as a hate crime hate crimes are a meaningless statistic . 
  what `` obligations '' ? 
  the eu is making shit up , if they suddenly said we owed them 500 billion , and we did n't pay that , you 'd say we were breaking our obligations . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  eu started it by specifically including a spanish veto over gibraltar as part of their brexit dossier . 
  not to mention , all that lord said was that we 'd defend british territory if it came to it , if you consider that a threat , then try not invading us, 
  if the best argument against brexit is that the eu is a spiteful unreasonable bastard who wo n't let you leave without punishment , then no wonder brexit won, 
  only because the irish moved to so many colonies and territories . 
  there are more irish living outside of ireland than in it . 
  funny how this budget you talk of seems to magically get bigger each week ... 
  almost as if it 's bollocks, 
  `` immigrants should have a job or they have to leave '' literally a bloody nazi lmao, 
  but ... 
  these are n't even `` debts '' , they 're just numbers brussells is pulling out of its ass, 
  good thing we left now than later on when we were even more integrated then, 
  i remember when the europhiles were telling me the 60 billion figure was arrived at as a predetermined cost based on what we owed care to explain why that `` predetermined cost '' suddenly jumped 40 billion ? 
  the eu is a gang that would sooner break a members legs than let them leave amicably . 
  fuck the eu, 
  they were the ones in government , and they were the ones who voted in favour of a referendum . 
  they should have planned for it, 
  it 's the fastest growing religion in the world, 
  what does not wanting freedom of movement have to do with nationalism ? 
  is the eu nationalistic for not having free movement with the rest of the world ? 
  what are the positive aspects of brexit ? 
   it seems like the uk political groups kind of imploded and no one made any kind of preparation and/or consideration for what brexit actually involves or would cause . 
  yeah , because the entire political establishment backed remain and thought planning for a potential brexit would make voters more likely to vote leave , as it would n't be a `` jump into darkness '' then . 
  ergo , the remain camp is to blame, 
  have you ever considered the possibility that the british are right and brexit is a good thing ? 
  we warned you, 
  britains military intelligence is the best and biggest in europe, 
  its not up to you to decide what the people really wanted , otherwise nothing would ever technically count as the eu overriding it, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/r_ ( factortame_ltd ) _ v_secretary_of_state_for_transport, 
  he 's just another self hating europhile brit , pay no notice to him, 
  scottish independence is retarded . 
  feels good to say it, 
  great comment , really makes me think, 
  i like how saying you 'll defend your country is now `` threatening war '', 
  it means you can vote for a party that will then be able to implement the policies they campaigned on , instead of the government being impotent because the eu restricts what they can do, 
  nah , you can have all the muslims you want mate . 
  except they 're not all already in europe , are they ? 
  you 're basically saying we should n't try turning off the water main because the floor is already wet , it 's stupid . 
  unless you have a time machine . 
  not sure what good moaning about that does to help alleviate the situation now, 
   racist rant what ? 
  uk had the best idea out of everyone by funding safe zones in syria instead of just having a free for all with open borders, 
  got us another self-hating brit here . 
  yeah , show those nasty people proud of being english what for !, 
  disgusting racists . 
  and ? 
  the snp do n't want it . 
  hell , they 're useless without the launch codes , which are in whitehall , in london . 
  really makes me think ... 
  man , england would still win that fight easy . 
  lmao , the lack of self awareness from you is astounding . 
  * tips fedora * plus , stop stalking me, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  damn , you must be really smart to be able to have entire conversations with other people without consulting them . 
  grow up kiddo . 
  doubly embarassing that you care so much what others think on a forum, 
  let 's stop the racism by bringing more muslims into europe !, 
  diversity is our strength, 
  great response , ca n't attack the message , attack the messenger . 
  embarassing, 
  when ? 
  lmao , `` it 's your fault we have a hard border , you should just submit to the eu like us '', 
  really does show the difference politically between germany and the u.k. cameron immediately resigns after backing the wrong horse in the eu referendum , since the public would n't have stood for him staying on as leader , and he would n't be able to control his own party .
