  that 's good then , because i think the uk joining the euro is a bad idea . 
  do n't even know what point you 're talking about mate , i literally asked a question with honest intentions of trying to find out why he thinks people would n't want something if he thinks it 's clearly great , instead of getting an answer i get all these bullshit tangents trying to distract from the question ... 
  either answer the question , or do n't . 
  he started it miss !, 
  cool , because i called you being butthurt, 
  `` how dare you question the greatness of the euro '' stay pathetic kiddo, 
  which is far worse than the `` no cherry picking '' bollocks i keep hearing around here, 
  yeah i do , but then i think , `` hey , atleast i 'm not as lame as / u/finndacool '' and manage the strength to pull myself out of my depressive pit in order to laugh at the butthurt you endlessly flaunt for my enjoyment . 
  please continue !, 
  yup , asking questions definitely proves his point . 
  was that comment anally pained , or simply butthurt ? 
  hmmm . 
  is that your explanation for the aforementioned change of vote ? 
  it would be hard for any subreddit not to swing to the right from / r/uk , that place is mental with tory hate and lefty love-ins, 
  why do you think people do n't want to accept the euro and fom if they 're so self-evidently great ? 
  not sure what your point is ... 
  the vast majority of this place is pro eu , but you call out anti eu folk for posting ? 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think the political opinions of the young will remain the same . 
  why do you think the youth of the 1970 's who voted to remain in the eec became the elderly who voted to leave the eu ? 
  did n't know the sea was made through the tears of europhiles, 
  lmao , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   the point is not to scare them the dude literally said he wants to stop people being brave lmao, 
  is that why remain still wins every single poll on / r/ukpolitics ? 
  stop talking out your ass, 
  do n't know how much tougher they can make it considering we 're already going for a hard brexit, 
  i 'd vote to leave eurovision if i had the option . 
  it 's terrible . 
  damn , this comment really makes you think . 
  more like friend says unless things change to suit him he 'll leave , things do n't change and the rest of them tell him they wo n't change , so he leaves . 
  then the rest of them act like this came out of the blue . 
  an analogy is supposed to be somewhat representative, 
  christ , do you guys seriously see the eu in terms of a `` lover '' ? 
  that 's fucking dumb, 
  nice, 
  do it again but with the u.k. gdp taken away from the eu, 
  so why ca n't you articulate an answer ? 
  does n't really answer my question . 
  theresa may literally said we 're leaving the single market , so what do you mean ? 
  did n't really answer the question, 
  lmaoooo , juncker shows he 's the one not taking negotiations seriously with shit like this . 
  embarassing, 
  he also shit on the europhiles in labour and the tories for years though ... 
  we 're all brexiteers now, 
  yeah . 
  she 's crying all the way to a supermajority what on earth are you on about, 
  how is invoking article 50 , something that the eu agreed to , `` stabbing you in the back '' ? 
  the only real twats vote labour, 
  hardly farage to blame for labour and blairs actions, 
  stay mad, 
  literally seen brits get called island monkeys on this subreddit , learn to take a joke, 
  the u.k. 
  has n't left yet . 
  once it leaves , and does n't burn down and turn into a third world nation like remainers thought , other eu members wo n't be so worried about leaving, 
  lmao , if she betrayed the electorate they 'd wreck the tories , and the eurosceptic tory faction would rip the party apart . 
  this was n't a conservative poster evidence : 1 ) there is not , nor has there ever been , a `` ministry of repatriation '' 2 ) conservative election material never says `` tory '' , it always says `` conservative '', 
  except the eu also does n't want the uk to receive the assets it 's paying for ... 
  a bill which includes things that the uk would get in return . 
  except the eu does n't want to give the uk the assets the bill stands for, 
  stop assuming tabloids are brainwashing anyone you disagree with, 
  self hating brit detected, 
  the more strain the eu tries to put on the uk , the more the brits will hate the eu and be willing to do anything and live through any hardship to stand against them . 
  what 's the percentage difference between 51.9 % and 48.1 % ? 
  leave had about 5 % more of the vote than remain , not 1 %, 
  lmao he literally was n't in the campaign , not sure why you think he 's a liar for something boris said, 
  foolish if that 's what their goal was , because all they 've done is make it politically unviable to pay any of that sum now . 
  this is the campaign that used the 350 million figure https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/vote_leave and this is the campaign farage was in https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/leave.eu if your ignorant of this stuff , you should n't speak about it , it just makes you look foolish, 
  yeah , it 's him saying a campaign he was n't a part of made a mistake using that figure are you retarded or something ? 
  just goes to show how little you knew about the campaign if that 's your best link . 
  farage was n't even in the campaign that said that . . l, 
  the eu wants to torpedo negotiations, 
  lmao , the uk is a net giver . 
  the eu is n't spending any money on british infrastructure the uk could n't anyway, 
  i do n't think the eu is magic , i think it 's shit, 
   spending reduced this is the eu mate, 
  so the eu wants the uk to pay a bill . . before any guarantees about the kind of deal it will give ... nah, 
  wonder how you 'd feel about people saying the same about your mother . 
  do you really think signing something is the same as years of groundwork ? 
  major is responsible for about 90 % of it, 
  iceland , norway , switzerland, 
   all these issues such as ... 
  * tips fedora *, 
  i honestly do n't understand the hate from me pointing out not everyone hates thatcher lmao she won landslide elections for a reason , and for all the people here who seem to think they can speak on behalf of entire geographical regions of people . 
  get a fucking grip , you do n't . 
  actually yes , we are . 
  if you say so, 
  and like i said , just because you personally dislike her , it does n't mean she 's as unpopular as you think, 
  thatcher is n't nearly as unpopular as people who dislike her think she is . 
  please , tell me the great values ireland and the eu share . 
  can you do it without resorting to meaningless buzzwords too ? 
  you can either a ) think the eu is great because it means you 're moving away from past grievances with your neighbors in the name of co-operation b ) think ireland should hate the uk for past grievances, 
  the tories were the one who did the groundwork for the good friday agreement, 
  values such as low corporation tax ? 
  most councillors are retired and do it to occupy their time, 
  good, 
  what 's the matter bro ? 
  it 's was merely a joke , ca n't you take a joke ? 
  but then , god forbid , we might have voted against the grand project !, 
  same . 
  voted ukip in 2015 and voted leave in the eu ref . 
  quite happy with the tories now , voted for them in the local elections and will vote for them in the ge,
