  it was a victory for ordinary decent people . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  it would n't be illegal regardless . 
  it would n't be legally binding . 
  but neither was the eu one, 
  she could call one right now if she wanted . 
  hey , we warned you it would happen . 
  if you do n't learn from your mistakes and accept you were wrong in the first place , nothing will ever improve . 
  so no , it is n't pointless to argue about it, 
  do n't see how it would make it worse, 
  hey man , we warned you about the eu army !, 
  haha no problem, 
  did you mean `` now '' instead of `` not '' ? 
  tell me how that norway eu referendum went again ? 
   barbaric whoa lad , ca n't be using phrases like that , could be offensive, 
  the guy you just watched in the video, 
  hannan is pro-leave too, 
  notice i did n't say it should n't be illegal to call people racists though, 
  you think death threats are the same as racial slurs ? 
  well the law has n't actually deemed these as officially being attacks then , since they 're just reports from the public as opposed to fully investigated . 
  ... they 're both just words, 
  misleading though . 
  if i ran into a building screaming that i was `` attacked '' and it turned out somebody called me a wanker , people would n't be amused . 
   the vast majority of these incidents involve abusive and offensive language can we have some perspective here ? 
  the way this is reported made me think people were getting attacked en masse for a second, 
  the public voting does n't change how negotiations will go now, 
  so to gain political power ... 
  he joined a party that was essentially a fringe pressure group ... then over twenty years led them to third party status ... then resigned when he is at peak popularity ? 
  sounds legit, 
  they were n't even in the same campaign ... 
  the majority of left wing redditors ? 
  yeah everyone else ? 
  not really, 
  good luck opposing something with one mp who hates you, 
  itt : people fail to understand farage is n't in government, 
  ... you realise there was no possibility nigel could have given that order anyway right ? 
   he simply can not understand that his views about the world might not be the absolute god given truth . 
  europhiles could learn a thing or two from this, 
  i do n't think that 's fair really . 
  he campaigned damn hard for us to remain , it was just hard to take seriously when his negotiations yielded nothing . 
  he did n't say we should be part of it though, 
  best not have elections then . 
  would n't want instability !, 
  lmao , brexit has n't even happened . 
  market instability is almost entirely speculative at this point, 
   ' i think that the people of this country have had enough of experts from organisations with acronyms saying they know what is best and getting it consistently wrong , ' slightly different to `` people in this country have had enough of experts '' is n't it . 
  source is the daily mail , ca n't link it because the mods auto delete posts with dm links, 
  that 's interesting . 
  because after googling it , the full quote is `` the british public are tired of experts who are consistently wrong '' nothing about being tired of all experts . 
  that 's interesting . 
  because after googling it , the full quote is `` the british public are tired of experts who are consistently wrong '' nothing about being tired of all experts . 
  why do you say that ? 
  lmao , we shall see mate . 
  i just hope you are n't too upset when we get the deal we want, 
  wanting to control your own country 's borders is arrogance ? 
  delusion in here is stifling . 
  lack of pragmatism is one of the reasons the eu will fall apart, 
  you 're right . 
  never underestimate the poor judgement of the eu . 
  the eu can not afford to not make a decent trade deal with the u.k. , including ceding to britains demands . 
  they did n't believe in owning land , they were a nomadic people, 
  sure , as soon as it 's given back, 
  main difference between the eu and the uk is . 
  if you fuck up badly in the uk , you resign . 
  if you fuck up badly in the eu . 
  people applaud and say it 's good . 
  what 's wrong with stockbrokers ? 
  actually it was decided by politicians ... 
  it 's called a parliamentary enquiry, 
  no , it really is n't . 
  ukip have been vindicated . 
  expect a surge for them in the polls, 
  ... because they did n't want to support federalisation just goes to show why we left . 
  it was either federalisation or irrelevance . 
  i 'd rather be out of it alltogether, 
  he never had power in the eu anyway . 
  uk meps are irrelevant, 
  proud to say i voted for him, 
  he has more power now than ever before, 
  kim is a shit politician . 
  the bankers the bonuses !, 
  post the bit afterwards where he complains about putin jailing journalists, 
  apologising for your country voting for independence is pathetic . 
  yeah , everyone i know who voted leave expected some short term chaos . 
  i 'm saying pro eu folk . 
  who 's support is spread around, 
  agree to disagree then . 
  ukip is a party with high support amongst the working class , which is why he used the phrase `` average ukip supporter '', 
  being pro eu is n't a class . 
  you do n't personally consider people saying your class would be lucky to scrub a toilet to be classist ? 
  great . 
  well i do . 
  which part of my post is classist ? 
  only if you the left wing media, 
  too late to take it back now mate . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  i reckon without that murder leave would have won by another five percent . 
  you said they 'd be lucky to do it , not that they 'd be unlikely to do it . 
  it 's pretty obvious you were talking about lower class people mate , no need to backpedal now . 
  a pro-remain mp was murdered by a pro-brexit fascist literally three days before the referendum .
