  good luck planning something involving economics , diplomacy and multiple treaties in detail for the government to enact with zero access to the civil service, 
  david cameron ordered the civil service not to plan for the possibility of leave winning the referendum , so he could use uncertainty to scare people into voting remain . 
  so you can blame remainers for there being no plan at all . 
  that is a monster assumption . 
  especially since immigration is overwhelmingly the single most important issue for the public according to polling . 
  it would seem far more likely that many remain voters who are n't europhiles `` aka , the vast majority of remainers '' would rather we left entirely in order to control immigration . 
  i 'd be happy with the same deal korea got, 
  tell that to the pakistani asylum seekers, 
  i would certainly hope so , having more refugees than immigrants would be even more embarrassing than your current situation, 
  first of all , i 'd say the uk is more like india in this scenario , and second of all , because sweden ca n't get enough pakistani refugees . 
  considering swedens asylum policy . 
  funny hearing that from you, 
  yes . 
  unless you think non european nations are somehow inferior , i do n't see why they should n't compare to us . 
  that 's interesting . 
  so not wanting open borders with all of europe makes them extremist in your view ? 
  i suppose japan is extremist for not having open borders with china . 
  or india for not having open borders with pakistan ? 
  which immigration policy of theirs is `` extremist '' ? 
  i like how not wanting to engage in a new cold war makes you pro kremlin, 
  from europe as well not sure telling people to be scared of a trade deal either america because we might get `` ooooh scary chlorinated chicken '' is gon na work fellas, 
  was n't there an article here yesterday about how the eu has such great food standards so stuff like this does n't happen ? 
  that 's funny , i keep hearing snp supporters say they are about more than just independence, 
  my evidence : a referendum and subsequent polls showing remain with a large majority you 're evidence : muh perspective, 
  scots do n't want independence , deal with it, 
   the vast majority you think most of over half the population is retired ? 
  they did n't have a plan to leave because making one would 've thrown their whole `` do n't vote leave because it 's scary ! '', 
  campaign in the bin, 
  the question itself shows that, 
  it does n't matter if the end result is the same thing . 
  that 's like saying murdering someone and killing someone in self defence is the same thing because they both end in somebody dying . 
  i can only post one at a time , i posted the one i found most interesting not sure how i could 've avoided `` shaping the narrative '' by your logic, 
  surely you understand the difference being willing to go through pain in order to accomplish something . 
  and actively wanting pain to be inflicted just to `` teach them a lesson '' ? 
  yes . 
  source : https://twitter.com/yougov/status/892332529457483776, 
  lmao , stay mad, 
  the 1975 referendum was on the eec , not the eu why do you think british governments refused to allow referendums on the many treaty changes since then ? 
  because they knew the public would never vote for it . 
  fuck off already , we get it , you hate brits . 
  wales , scotland and northern ireland get their own pics but catalonia does n't ? 
  effective because it 's true, 
  brits and european continentals died in dunkirk . 
  real classy to mock brexit with it, 
  the pm and the whole remain campaign said that leaving the eu x meant leaving the single market . 
  we voted leave anyway , that 350 million pound thing was a big deal to practically nobody , i honestly have never heard anyone outside of reddit talk about it, 
  lmao , how does this disprove anything ? 
  thank fuck we 're leaving, 
   the british sovereign what ? 
  and he was elected on that basis , he deserves that money, 
  that campaign was funded by the government though, 
  europhiles thought the british economy would collapse if we did n't join the euro , hardly realists, 
  the europhiles are the cultists, 
  `` we can do it ! '', 
  well you certainly need all those extra jobs for all the doctors and engineers you 're importing from arabia, 
  you 're right fam , only the true thinkers agree that the uk will be an apocalyptic wasteland after leaving a political union, 
  anything that is n't indicative of the uk falling into anarchy = lying to yourself really makes you think, 
  just sounds like europhiles are upset that people are n't terrified about leaving their beloved project, 
  nope . 
  if i did i would n't have pasted the whole article here, 
  even if that 's true , why would panicking help ? 
  do n't understand why not panicking is supposed to be a bad thing tbh, 
  british government ministers are keeping calm and carrying on , in public at least , in the face of the many challenges posed by brexit negotiations . 
  this apparent lack of urgency has created bewilderment in brussels . 
  and among british businesses , there is growing anxiety over the absence of a clear vision of the government ` s desired future trade and economic relationship with the european union . 
  britain 's brexit secretary david davis was at his most serene this week when he spoke to parliament . 
  yes , the u.k. can get a preferential trade deal and customs arrangement concluded before it leaves the eu in march 2019 , he said . 
  he acknowledged that there might need to be a transition or implementation phase after brexit day but that , he said , would be mostly to give the french , dutch and belgian customs time to get their procedures in place . 
  mr. davis gave no sign that he was taking seriously what his negotiating partners have been saying : such a trade and customs arrangement is impossible to negotiate in that time frame , even though some broad principles about the future relationship may be agreed . 
  fabian zuleeg , chief executive of the brussels-based european policy center think tank , says agreement on an interim arrangement is possible . 
  but regarding a long-term trade deal , he said , `` i do n't think we 'll agree anything in the two years . '' it is n't clear either how closely mr. davis listened to what businesses were telling him last week when he met them at the government 's country retreat . 
  the confederation of british industry , for example , spelled out that it wants a multi-year transition -- with the u.k. ideally remaining in the eu 's single market and customs union -- to avoid a cliff edge 21 months from now . 
  but while they are sympathetic to an implementation phase of some sort , british ministers are currently ruling out those two options even as an interim step , remaining true to the unyielding vision of brexit set out by prime minister theresa may before the election in june . 
  there have been some signs of a softening of language since last month 's election , but the official government line remains unchanged . 
  if that position holds , trade friction at the u.k. 's borders will rise sharply and quite soon . 
  britain 's customs and revenue service estimates that it will have to handle as many as 255 million customs declarations annually from march 2019 , compared with 55 million now . 
  there is a risk , the u.k. 's national audit office said thursday , that the agency 's computer systems wo n't be able to cope . 
  pulling out of the customs union in march 2019 would increase the urgency of some other unresolved questions , such as how to avoid creating a hard border on the island of ireland , which will become the site of a new external eu border . 
  citing their planning horizons , businesses say they need to know the nature of a transitional deal soon ; otherwise they will be compelled to make investment choices on a worst-case basis . 
  settling on the nature of a transition deal late in 2018 , they stress , would be too late . 
  the government apparently has n't abandoned a hope expressed in its brexit policy paper in may : that a `` comprehensive , bold and ambitious '' post-brexit free-trade agreement `` may take in elements of current single market arrangements in certain areas . '' many eu officials and politicians say the british government is delusional to suggest that the u.k. could preserve its membership in the single market in some business sectors -- say automobiles and banking -- and abandon it in other areas it considers less appealing . 
  from their standpoint , it is this `` cherry - picking '' approach that most sticks in their craw . 
  while such arrangements might benefit some in the eu , like the german car industry , they would undermine the bloc , these officials and politicians say . 
  their greater strategic imperative is the coherence and unity of the eu and its single market . 
  `` from an eu perspective , there is not going to be any give on this . 
  politically , economically and legally , there are too many reasons not to do it , '' mr. zuleeg said . 
  if the u.k. persists with this approach , eu unity will be tested . 
  after all , the u.k. can point to norway and switzerland , both with different relationships to the eu , as countries that are inside some but not all parts of the single market . 
  from a negotiating standpoint , it will be a while before the u.k. has to declare its approach . 
  the eu wo n't move on to questions of future relations until it is satisfied with progress on citizens ' rights , the financial divorce settlement and ireland . 
  the next stage of the negotiations on these issues starts on monday . 
  in the best case , talks about the future will start in november . 
  for the moment , ministers ' statements should probably be interpreted as a mixture of substance , negotiating tactics and playing to the domestic political gallery . 
  however , the longer it the u.k. and the eu appear to be on a collision course over their future relations , the more nervous many business leaders will become -- and the more investment decisions will be put on hold . 
  well that 's bollocks, 
  if they stay , they have to put up with living next to a bunch of irish, 
  yup , glad to see the polish government standing firm on not being forced into taking refugee quotas by the eu, 
  thank god , i was worried we were n't gon na get our hourly anti brexit article, 
  delet this, 
  what really pisses of off about this whole situation is that it 's european services who are bringing them here .
