  for all i know they wrote down that he stole their cars too , what difference would it make ? 
  i know there is no real evidence against him, 
  sure you do . 
  except the so-called evidence is non existent . 
  lmao , imagine a trial where they condemned a guy , then just said `` there 's plenty of evidence , no need for you to see it though guys '' i know mods are n't elected , but at least be honest about the banning of people for personal reasons, 
  reasons were so fine they could n't post a simple response to say what they were . 
  fair enough . 
  still , i know for a fact he was banned for bs reasons , so i do n't have much faith in it being better today . 
   we do not make stuff of this kind public , but we present the banned user with evidence if he asks for it . 
  well , now i know you 're either lying or ignorant , i know that guy personally and know for a fact he never got a reply telling him what rule he broke or any evidence against him . 
  where 's the evidence he `` stalked and personally attacked '' a mod ? 
  if you do n't make such evidence public we might as well assume you say that to justify banning literally anyone . 
  specifically , which rule did he break , this should n't be a hard question to answer . 
  from the huge array of people complaining about their bans and post removals in / r/europemeta for example  i was banned a little over a week ago for saying `` sweden is literally paying people to colonise them '' in response to this threads story of the swedish government spending 10 % of it 's budget on migrants and refugees in response , a mod told him  `` who the fuck even unbanned you ? 
  get the fuck out and do n't show your fucking face ever again '' he asked for the reason for his ban , but never got one https://www.reddit.com/r/europemeta/comments/3u5hgr/mod_being_overly_aggressive_in_ban_and_in_language/ his post was n't racist , it just went against a certain agenda, 
  that 's what 's made them go sour, 
  gives a cold hard dose of reality for the loony europhile . 
  comments like this serve no purpose whatsoever . 
  i 'd certainly prefer that than having minority rule thanks for the downvotes by the way guys , i 'm sure it helps the cause, 
  keep being a coward then . 
  pretty cowardly . 
  the independent is the daily mail of the left . 
  i fully expect reduced economic growth for the short term , longer term i believe we will be better off . 
  besides , the economy is n't the be all and end all of life . 
  the eu and the uk simply were n't compatible , we wanted different things and there did n't seem to be a way to reconcile that . 
  sure , if it looks like being in the eu would 've stopped it, 
  really makes me wonder if all the people who think brexit is going to fuck up the uk will admit they were wrong when it turns out fine . 
  i 'm guessing they 'll just pretend they never thought it would, 
  actually , i know you 're wrong . 
  the vast majority of my posts are in / r/ukpolitics and are not brexit related . 
  calm down dearie, 
   the conservatives signed maastricht and the won the 1992 election on that promise . 
  yes , they signed the maastricht treaty , no , they did n't say they would do so in their manifesto beforehand . 
  i know , it 's supposedly just a `` joke '' but it 's certainly targeted on one country with purpose . 
  dissapointed to see this get instantly downvoted , i thought a positive brexit image would be a nice change to all the negative ones . 
  edit : atleast it 's a net positive in points now , thanks for up voting it guys !, 
  sure , but did they join them under governments that were elected saying they would join the euro ? 
  no uk party has ever won an election by promising more integration . 
  the closest you can find is blair promising that he 'd give a referendum on any decision to join the euro and on the lisbon treaty . 
  the euro referendum never happened and we never joined . 
  no referendum was given for the lisbon treaty , it got signed anyway and labour lost the next election . 
  well , the only way we would 've joined is by referendum , and the british public have never had an appetite for it , that 's why the government has never given a referendum on any eu treaty change , they knew they 'd lose it, 
  / r/europe thinks the uk should keep giving its intelligence to the eu , as well as gibraltar . 
  lmao, 
  the article : david cameron spent the day that theresa may triggered the brexit process at an event in ukraine backed by a local billionaire . 
  the former prime minister , who has made a series of lucrative speeches across the world since the vote for brexit torpedoed his premiership , was said to have spoken at an event at the invitation of the tycoon victor pinchuk , whose company supplies pipes to the russian energy giant gazprom . 
  in a hint that he is coming to terms with the brexit vote , mr cameron said that he had always disliked `` the european flag and the european parliament '' . 
  however , he praised the european union for its effective joint action in protecting ukraine 's borders from russian incursions . 
  he suggested that his leadership of the remain campaign did not stop him being a eurosceptic . 
  `` i think it is worth understanding that britain always was uncertain , in fact opposed to the idea of the deeper and more integrated political union , '' he said . 
  `` we looked at the european flag and we thought , ` well , we do n't really like the european flag , we 've got our own flag ' . 
  `` we looked at the european parliament and we did n't really like the european parliament . 
  we 've got our own parliament , which we are very proud of . 
  `` i led the campaign to stay in and i did n't like the european flag and the european parliament . 
  we were always uncertain about that political union element . 
  i was passionate about my side of the argument , i threw myself into the argument , i made every argument i could , i fought as hard as i could , but i knew that if i lost i would have to think about resigning . 
  `` having argued so strongly the way i did , i knew it would be hard to have the credibility to continue to take the country forward in the direction that people wanted it to go in . '' it is not known how much mr cameron was paid for the appearance . 
  he also met the ukrainian prime minister volodymyr groysman and president poroshenko to discuss reforms in the country . 
  `` the parties discussed preservation of the existing eu sanction regime towards the russian federation as an effective instrument , '' an official account of the meeting said . 
  mr cameron 's office did not respond to a request for comment . 
  the ira attacked places other than pubs, 
  a british europhile peer that worked for the eu, 
  there fair share is n't a fixed cost , it 's 2 % of their gdp , so it would be lower for poland and higher for germany . 
  so if we ignore the bill the eu gives us , it is n't our obligation ? 
  thanks fam, 
  dude , there were dozens of attacks a year , not sure why you think focusing on two towns is important, 
  what do i need to know about the ira that would somehow discredit my point ? 
  more eu hypocrisy . 
  one non binding deal is apparently important , the other is n't . 
  non binding , just like the concessions given to cameron that the uk would be exempt from ever closer union, 
  yup, 
  ... which made them the same country, 
  right , so you do n't have a problem with the president of the eu telling the member states of the eu to ignore their obligations ? 
  do n't worry , you 'll have your chance to vote for scottish dependence on the eu, 
  i like how in your entire response , the idea that maybe the eu itself could 've been the problem , and that the british public simply did n't want it , never crossed your mind . 
  wo n't be the worlds biggest trade bloc after we leave it, 
   the uk version of free movement you mean ... 
  living in the same country ? 
  the arrogance of the eu shows in just how little thought they out into legislating article 50 , they seriously thought there was no chance anybody would ever want to leave . 
  which member of the eu is n't in nato ? 
  it 's an obligation of the nations that make up the eu , so the eu is actively encouraging its members to not pay the bare minimum for nato membership . 
  junckers reaction to trump saying `` hey , europe , pay the 2 % you agreed towards nato '' was telling eu members to `` resist '' american pressure , as it was an unreasonable demand . 
  that 's the president of the eu sabotaging nato and freeloading as far as i 'm concerned . 
  thanks, 
  neither did those who voted remain . 
  some wanted more integration , less integration , a federal eu , or the status quo, 
  pretty sure the countries that experienced dictators and fascism had more obedience to authority . 
  also , your latter point is meaningless , i did n't say `` the second a bombing occurred mass surveillance began '' . 
  if the eus constituent countries do n't want to pay their fair share , so be it, 
  whatever , feel however you want to feel, 
  not giving up control of your borders to another country is n't `` hostile '' , it 's actually how the vast majority of the world works . 
  do n't see why you 're so bothered that the uk wants to have a manageable immigration system . 
  stay mad, 
   leaving eu means not wanting to travel to europe and/or not wanting to let europeans in your country no , it does n't . 
  unless you think free movement is a prerequisite for wanting people to travel to your country ? 
  in which case , i suppose the eu does n't want anybody outside of europe to travel to it, 
  not in terms of whether or not you like the culture and people of britain, 
  such a joke of a country , you rely on it to keep you safe lmao, 
  i 'm talking from the perspective of the people saying they want a bad deal for the uk, 
  i do n't agree with conflating the people of europe with the eu considering how far removed the leaders of it are .
