  the `` smugglers '' just put a bunch of africans on sinking barges and push them a bit off of the libyan shore . 
  then , ngo 's from europe who have sailed 95 % of the way to libya , pick them all up , and instead of putting them back in africa , sail alllll the way back to europe . 
  it 's a fucking ferry service here 's a video of it https://youtu.be/tbic1lzqiaw, 
  the european union does n't * really * care enough to act because it wants a large non european population in the eu . 
  why ? 
  because without large homogenous populations it becomes easier to dissolve european nation states into a united sttaes of europe . 
  call me crazy if you want , but i have little doubt this is the case . 
  we brexited for a reason, 
  lmao , as if the eu cares about the european people, 
   it the cool thing about the eu , you get a vote and a voice in the direction it takes as a citizen . 
  the only things you can vote for are meps , and they ca n't even draft legislation it 's the unelected part of the eu that decides it 's direction, 
   59 % good news for brexit britain ? 
  unacceptable , downvote this shit !, 
  why do you think england is all the same ? 
  north and south england are as different as scotland and south england . 
  we have to stop these dangerous attempts at entering the uk by making it clear that people who get here illegally will not be given asylum . 
  thus removing the incentive to come here illegally in such life threatening ways, 
  except it is n't `` objectively more fair '' , it just makes it more difficult for the majority of the population to affect change . 
  how is making a vote in northern ireland or scotland worth more than a vote in england `` more fair '' ? 
  is it cool to say we should be deporting muslims who do n't integrate like this ? 
  or is that hate speech ? 
  we should 've never joined to begin with, 
  or because we do n't require supermajorities in any other referendum we do , including the last eu one would be rightly seen as rigging the result if we suddenly changed the method for the eu ref, 
  would that be fair in an eu referendum , when no such requirement was used in the 1975 referendum ? 
  ah yes , choosing to not be in a political union we disagree with is `` irrational '' . 
  glad to see the discourse here on brexit is as top notch as ever, 
   independent, 
   independent, 
  london is * the * financial hub of europe , it 's the best place to get workers for financial institutes , and the best place to make connections and deals with companies who would literally be your neighbors . 
  if every banking firm ends up just opening a seperate eu office that only has a couple dozen people in it , and that affords them the same level of operability that they had before ... what possible reason would they then have to take their central office out of london ? 
  nope , i literally saw people on here calling brits `` island monkeys '' and saying they hoped scotland and ni would leave so the uk would be destroyed, 
  thanks fam !, 
  i voted leave then and i 'd do it again now . 
  europhiles want britain to suffer what a surprise, 
  no wonder remain lost if that 's the best thing you could come up with for a poster, 
  lmao . 
  you guys are desperate . 
  if you think you can define an entire culture in a reddit post , you 're a fool, 
  i voted leave and every day i 'm glad i did so, 
  hahahahahaha so remainers just boycott the vote and it ends up not mattering very clever europhile, 
  there was 40 years between the uks eec referendum and eu referendum hardly seems that bad, 
  any evidence that it was n't the remain voters who googled that ? 
  bit meaningless to thank them as if they makes up for ruining the discussion, 
   he 's one of the best political commentators in the uk all he does is invite pre-screened idiots onto his show , ask them to tell him a specific figure , then act as if them not knowing proves he right about everything . 
  worse yet , when somebody that actually does know their stuff manages to get onto the show , he 'll just shout over them instead of letting them answer . 
  see this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1hjdosjcv8, 
  that 's not what i said, 
  tories promised to hold a referendum on the eu in their manifesto and delivered labour promised a referendum on the lisbon treaty and did n't deliver . 
  i know which one was more poorly thought out, 
   do you think people are flag poles and change their opinion on things so massive on daily basis you 're right , corbyn always supported leaving the eu , he opposed joining the common market , and voted against every act of integration . 
  it was only once he became labour leader and had the pressure of party opinion that he campaigned for remain , and even then he could only force himself to say it was 7/10 lol now he is free to air his real opinion, 
  all i said was corbyn backs brexit , which is a fact not sure why you ca n't accept it, 
  forget it mate , if you ca n't even try and think about why people would support something outside of calling it delusional , there 's no point talking . 
  so we should n't hold parties to account for their manifesto promises ? 
  unlike you , i can try and look at things from other people 's point of view . 
  lmao , may also backed remain . 
  what 's your point ? 
  here 's corbyn backing brexit and leaving the single market , along with labour chancellor john mcdonnell saying labour is committed to leaving the single market . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/brexit-single-market-jeremy-corbyn_uk_593d320ee4b02402687a2460 here 's kier starmer , labour 's brexit minister `` reasonable management of migration and moving away from freedom of movement has to be part of the referendum result '' https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/apr/24/labour-vows-to-rip-up-and-rethink-brexit-white-paper that enough for you ? 
  except i 've already explained that labour back leaving the single market and ending fom . 
  so what good deal-soft brexit do you mean ? 
  how far would you hope such a disaster would go ? 
  would you be ok with letting people die if it made people reverse brexit ? 
  this sounds awfully fucked up mate, 
  so is that seriously the biggest difference you can give me between soft and hard brexit now ? 
  rhetoric ? 
  why do you even care then ? 
  i 'm just talking about it from your perspective , personally i do n't think it would be a disaster , if i did , i certainly would n't want to make it worse like you want to, 
  the only policy difference is that corbyn wants to pre-promise to let eu citizens remain here , while may wants to negotiate our citizens in europe status as well . 
  other than that , how is it softer ? 
  you think it 's good to try and make a disaster worse ? 
  not sure how brexit going from having 52 % of people voting for it to 85 % of people voting for parties promising it is `` undermining '' it, 
  corbyn backs brexit edit : downvoted for posting a fact, 
  labour back brexit too, 
  labour back brexit , leaving the single market , and ending freedom of movement . 
  i 'm not surprised , just trying to enlighten some people who keep claiming this election result is a result of some revolt against hard brexit, 
  you have n't explained why, 
  yes , and when you talk about the will of the electorate , you only include the stats of those who voted , those who do n't vote give their choice over to those who do . 
  ... you realise labour promised an end to free movement right ? 
  you do n't include non voters in electorate statistics , because that would be dumb . 
  jeremy corbyn said time and time again , that voters were voting on the labour manifesto . 
  he himself said that freedom of movement would end after brexit in the debates . 
  you may not personally want it , but you voted for the party that promised it . 
  why ? 
  both tories and labour said they were going to end free movement in their manifestos . 
  ending freedom of movement is not possible in a soft brexit . 
  how is there not a mandate for a hard brexit from having over eighty percent of the electorate vote for that ? 
  they 'd have to do it every two years forever to keep the uk in now, 
  fair enough, 
  then surely you understand how i ca n't trust a man who went on record saying we should withdraw our troops from our own territory , and stop our defense of it against a foreign dictator . 
  because they have n't advocated changing the basis of any of those . 
  although i suppose if you 're such a partisan person that you assume the tories will do evil regardless , it 's irrelevant, 
  you seem to be ignoring the fact that we 're replacing old human rights legislation with a new one , not just erasing them alltogether . 
  my uncle served and fought in the falklands . 
  i can not in good faith vote for a man who says he and his friends we 're just some unemployed blokes sent to die for a `` tory plot '' . 
  they went there to defend brits from a foreign dictatorship invading british land , and they did so . 
  the problem is that there never was a 48 % after a while . 
  people just do n't care about the eu as much as they hoped . 
  the vast majority of remainers never wanted more integration , and the few still fighting to remain are the hardest of hardcore europhiles . 
  i voted conservative .
