  having a referendum was the ethical thing to do, 
  the u.k. is a country of countries . 
  scotland being a country does n't stop it being within a larger one . 
  where did i say scotland was anti english ? 
  you realise you 're counting english people in scotland as immigrants , right ? 
  they are n't immigrants if they 're moving around their own country you know, 
  itt : europeans do n't understand hyperbole , or are willingly misinterpreting it scottish posters doing their obligatory virtue signalling about how they 're `` not like those racist english down south , let us in the eu pls ! '', 
  if england demonises foreigners so much , why do millions of them call england home ? 
  why do more immigrants as a proportion of the population live in england than the oh so welcoming scotland ? 
  that we have to leave the eu if you do n't want open borders with it . 
  it 's funny , the same people who voted to join the ec back then voted to leave the eu now . 
  gues they did n't like what it turned into . 
  `` real facts '' from the remain campaign have already turned out to be bollocks . 
  the fucking bank of england have admitted they were overly pessimistic in their predictions . 
  based on what ? 
  this single article ? 
  * tips fedora *, 
  look for yourself , i 'm not here to spoon feed you , especially after down voting me . 
  just read through some of his other posts . 
  he 's a remainer , and this is n't sarcasm . 
  honestly does n't look like sarcasm to me , ahead and call it that though . 
  anybody who is n't using an eu flag could see it is n't, 
   please punish the uk - we deserve it for being so stupid remainers are pathetic . 
  le read a book, 
   where did he wish harm on his own country ? 
  right here  i actually really hope eu gives a fuck you to the rest of the uk, 
  fyi . 
  voting remain did n't mean you loved the eu, 
   edit : downvoted for not wanting to be in a political union . 
  shocking . 
  i understand it 's frustrating to live in a country that nobody cares about . 
  but that 's no need to take it out on a country that 's actually relevant . 
  how much you wan na bet ? 
  if he was so unpopular why did the tories need to spend a hundred grand over the spending limit to keep him out ? 
   well i was then my post remains the same not to mention those `` hate crimes '' we 're massively overstated . 
  when you said `` this year the covers came off and you saw the ugly crap we have been hiding '' i assumed you were talking about us voting to leave the eu , what were you talking about ? 
  something tells me if they 'd asked separate questions on being positive towards either europe , or the eu , that would be far below 50 % while the europe question would be far above it, 
  atleast right wing circlejerks arent competitions about who hates their country the most . 
  to quote ddosn `` except ... the analysis doesnt show that . 
  predictions see the uk going back to 6th place by 2020 due solely to the rapid development of india , which was inevitable anyway . 
  after that , we 'd likely stay in 6th for a long time , as the closest nation behind us is france , and they arent predicted to get much of a noticeable increase in their economy , although they may close the gap that has developed between the uk and france again . '', 
  better yet , stop ignoring what the majority of the population wants and calling `` shitheads '' , then acting shocked when they vote against you . 
  love you too bae xx, 
  if posting comments on reddit meant you gave a shit . 
  trump would n't be president and remain would have won, 
  i 'm not the victim here , just the folks who actually give a shit . 
  west midlands , near birmingham, 
  i like europe , but i do n't like the eu . 
  i voted leave and i 'm glad we 're leaving . 
  always embarrassing to see so many self hating brits in this place we get it , you 're a european , you wish we voted remain , stop being a bloody grinch at christmas, 
  why is this so heavily downvoted ? 
  most brits in this sub seem to love the eu , so not sure what you 're talking about, 
  just do n't see how you can say his life 's work is going to be destroyed when he 's objectively already succeeded in his main goal, 
  how do you see that happening ? 
  i 'm not talking about the referendum act , i 'm talking about the motion they passed in the last two weeks http://news.sky.com/story/mps-vote-to-back-government8217s-timetable-on-article-50-10687026, 
  considering they 've already passed an act with a huge majority saying they will vote to trigger article 50 , i doubt they 'll have trouble doing so, 
  nope , you 're wrong . 
  it 's about voting on the final deal . 
  what would the point of a vote be ? 
  if they voted against the deal all it would do is mean we still leave but with no deal ... 
  utter bollocks , he did n't try to `` justify that murder '' , how delusional can you be ? 
  * tips fedora *, 
  no nuclear power ever encroaches on mainland territory of a nuclear power there 's a reason ukraine only got invaded after they gave up their nukes, 
  yup , and it 's all thanks to nukes . 
  thanks to nukes . 
  yeah , and nothing bad happened after it either , right ? 
  you 're only half right on perception terms . 
   brexit vote damaged uk 's reputation in europe , however non-european g20 countries thought brexit added to britain 's appeal . 
  glad i voted leave . 
  one less corrupt inept institution to deal with . 
  if it is n't insulting people they do n't like , why do they use it towards every leave voter ? 
  are they the ones responsible for the ad campaign ? 
  a butthurt subsection of remainers arent bored of it because it lets them insult people they do n't like while hiding behind the excuse of it being a joke . 
  nope , pretty sure it 's just boring seeing literally the same thing typed in every thread perhaps you would like that written on the side of a bus to help you understand ? 
  i said it was an epic meme , how much cheerier do i have to be ? 
  easy to publish unrealistic promises when you know you wo n't have to fulfill them, 
   it 's about discussing the insanity of a nation that decided to vote leave without having the slightest clue about what to do after leaving unfortunately , the vast majority of our politicians are unrepresentative of the public , and are pro eu . 
  this included our prime minister . 
  david cameron , who as part of his campaign to remain , ordered the civil service not to plan for the possibility of leaving . 
  he did this to create uncertainty , the idea being the public would n't dare vote against the status quo into uncertainty . 
  he underestimated how much this country does n't like the eu , and that we knew we would never , ever get another chance to leave it . 
  edit : why am i getting downvoted ? 
  if something is bad for the uk , it gets them off, 
  no , economically he derives from thatcherism . 
  which is a neo liberal economic theory . 
  conservative economics is quite different to that . 
  the fact that you separate mainstream political ideologies into `` good '' and `` bad '' is worrying . 
  cameron was quite insistent he would remain pm regardless of the referendum result , right up until he actually lost . 
  legalised gay marriage , does n't sound conservative to me, 
  sickening to see the eu use people as bargaining chips, 
  only if you 're as obsessed with him as you are, 
   the coming collapse top kek, 
  do n't see how making it into an even bigger city and renewing it means he hated it, 
  can tell how you only get your news from / r/europe from the very beginning of your post , scotland is nowhere near leaving . 
  neither the roi nor the uk want a hard border in ireland , so funnily enough the only way tensions will begin again is if the eu forces one the rest is n't worth responding to . 
  they 've left the almighty eu , it 's only a matter of time before the entire nation turns to dust !, 
  * - * adolf hitler, 
  why bother ? 
  i already beat the remainers lmao, 
  yeah , i suppose cameron was a genius for not planning for one of two possible results to the referendum .
