  i registered ages ago . 
  got my polling card a couple weeks back . 
  vote leave !, 
  have you stopped beating your wife ? 
  any uk party that joined a free movement deal after leaving the eu would be committing electoral suicide, 
  sure worked for cologne ... 
  yes . 
  two thirds of economists said the economy would be harmed if we did n't join the euro . 
   but only see articles like this one passing by and pretty much none which are for leaving the eu this subreddit is very biased towards the eu . 
  most eurosceptic articles get downvoted pretty fast, 
  commenting on things you do n't understand is n't a sign of intelligence . 
  brexiters / = boris johnson, 
  yeah , jesus sure did a lot of conquering . 
  i 'm a protestant , you dumbass . 
  the pope is a traitor to christianity imo . 
  not the eu then . 
   the council president added that the only alternative to the eu was `` political chaos , the return to national egoisms , and in consequence , the triumph of anti-democratic tendencies , which can lead to history repeating itself '' . 
  straight from the horses mouth , you can only have democracy with the eu . 
  how on earth did we manage it before ? 
  and how does switzerland manage it now ? 
  but i did n't vote for them, 
  so people should n't complain about the decisions of their politicians ? 
  hey , we warned you all about what happens when you devalue the meaning behind accusations of being like hitler . 
  the left did n't care because it helped them, 
  many do , yes . 
  why not , worked for lefties when attacking any right wing person ever, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4j5t1o/why_brexit_would_be_the_perfect_gift_for_vladimir/ ? 
  the eu worked long and hard for its negative reputation in the uk too, 
  to be fair , this subreddit has the same attitude towards doing anything putin may like . 
  how long until it can do those things ? 
  its a government , not sure why you wo n't admit it, 
  what do you consider the european parliament to be , if not a government ? 
  funny , never before in history have countries needed to share a government to be able to trade with each other . 
  russia wo n't ask us to give up our sovereignty to trade with them . 
  why bother , speaking for everyone else is the standard thing to do on this subreddit . 
  just look at any britain thread to see a bunch of english lefties apologising for the british existing . 
  and many argue jews having their own state has n't worked out too well for palestinians, 
  well , most of this subreddit balks at the idea of european ethnicities having their own states . 
  putin ai n't as big a deal to the uk as it is to continentals . 
  i 'd prefer we work with him more, 
  so literally every decision we make has to be weighed against whether putin would like it or not now ? 
  so clear you 're incapable of saying it ... 
  if anyone is trolling here it 's you . 
  but i think it 's more likely you just did n't understand the speech, 
  what do you think `` rivers of blood '' meant in the speech ? 
  please , i 'd love to hear it . 
  wait a second ... you thought powell was talking about literal rivers of blood ? 
  lol, 
   some guy getting stab does not bother me ok then, 
  can you not be a crazy person who is also a muslim ? 
  victim blaming ? 
  that 's pretty fucked up . 
   maybe in the future there will be more federalisation there is n't a maybe about it though . 
  and i did n't say i wanted to tear down the house , just that it was unfair that tearing it down is the only way to get sovereignty back as eu reform only goes one way , with more power to brussels, 
  i just do n't understand your use of the word pre-emptively . 
  what exactly do you think it would be pre-empting ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't see why they 'd be actively offended by us leaving . 
   but i do n't want it to seem like i 'm sticking a middle finger up to europe . 
  you 're seriously considering voting remain in case some eurocrats act offended ? 
  that 's like saying you can add parts to a house , but to remove any of them you have to tear it down entirely . 
  that 's the problem with the eu . 
  reform goes only one way , ceding more power to brussels . 
  it would take electing an anti federation government every time for every election to ever come to prevent more federalisation of the u.k. 
  it only takes one pro federalisation government getting elected to allow it to happen , at which point it can not be undone . 
  answers ops question . 
  so he gets downvoted . 
   well then we can leave in the future or try and change it from within leave how ? 
  this is our second referendum and it took more than forty years . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think we 're likely to get another anytime soon after more integration . 
  and change it from within ? 
  what a fucking joke . 
  yeah , and the same arguments for staying in the eu were made for why britain simply must join the euro about 15 years ago look how that turned out, 
  yes, 
   i want to watch the world burn anyway well , you 're an eu supporter so that 's a given . 
  so anyone else think it 's fucking creepy that the eu literally itself holiday for citizens to celebrate it ? 
  north korea type stuff . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say, 
  germany and italy rejected it , two nations dependent on russia 's gas . 
  really makes me think . 
  another self hating brit ? 
  is london average sized ? 
  it 's one of the bigger cities of the world as far as i can tell, 
   says meps fifty meps out of 750 who are part of the green party , not members of the majority party the independent is as bad as the daily mail for misleading headlines , only reason it gets upvoted so much around here is because it 's pro eu, 
  what about the ultimate islamic playbook , the koran ? 
  do you believe muslims follow that too ? 
  if so , why would you want so much more of them, 
  the only naive idiots here are the ones chanting for open borders , wearing blindfolds as we allow millions of culturally incompatible people to move and live here, 
  the idea that islamic terrorists * want * you to turn against islam is ridiculous . 
  how far are you going to push this multicultural madness ? 
  eu hypocrisy strikes again, 
  did n't answer my first question . 
  lmao , how many voted remain by your logic then ? 
  why should it require a supermajority ? 
  we did n't have that when we voted last time, 
   a minority referendum in what sense ? 
  how exactly is it ? 
  i already told you , i know the guy personally , i live in the same city as him , i read the whole damn thing from his account on his phone . 
  i did n't believe it myself until i read it . 
  hell , it would n't surprise me if they really did * say * that was the reason .
