hey , why are we letting convicted rapists move into the country ? 
   yeah , it 's a good thing the rest of the country does n't have rape , am i right !? 
  lol great point comrade . 
  not all eurosceptics want to leave the eu . 
  ... who were chosen by the public , who are eurosceptic even the remain side of the public and political spectrum of the u.k. is almost entirely comprised of people against further integration . 
  britain will never have a `` stronger leadership role '' because it 's goals are inherently different to the rest of the eu . 
  so unless you 're satisfied with the uk simply going along with things it disagrees with in order to pretend to be the leader , i do n't understand your point at all . 
  what queue is this ? 
  do pro-eu people believe you can only make one trade deal at a time ? 
  voting to stay in the eu because you do n't like the tories is just pathetic . 
  sure worked out well for greece, 
  so who limits the eu ? 
  yes . 
  and voting to remain staying in the eu is likely to last forever . 
  and we have no idea what form the eu will have years from now either . 
  more uncertainty to remain, 
  yeah , it 's all ukips fault ... because they 've totally existed since the beginning of the eu . 
  nobody knows what a corbyn government would look like either , best not to vote labour then ? 
  merkel has n't u turned yet, 
  europe is less free than the usa . 
  if you have to give something , it is n't charity . 
  except for natural law ... 
  so you 're telling me we had no mass shootings before those two ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  i did n't try and decide for anyone , he did . 
  making guns more legal does n't import the culture along with it . 
  britain had the same level of guns legalised until the late eighties , and they never had the same trouble with mass shootings . 
  i said speak for yourself because you just unilaterally decided that `` we '' do n't need something . 
  speak for yourself . 
  it 's not vigilante action . 
  it 's self defence at that point . 
  if they stop them , they do n't become rampages so it 's hard to say . 
  the guns the terrorists used were illegally obtained , so i do n't see how gun laws would help . 
  if a law abiding citizen had a gun they might 've ended the terrorists rampage early on . 
  makes sense , just have to weigh up whether you think terrorists or your law abiding citizens are a bigger threat to security . 
  ireland did n't fight the nazis either . 
  europe is culturally christian . 
  the way we see the world and act is largely in part due to our culture . 
  the idea that you can just say `` we 're secular , religion is irrelevant now lol '' is ridiculous . 
  if you seriously believe that , you 're not looking very far into it . 
  i 'm not talking about the eu i 'm talking about europe . 
  now is not the time for jokes, 
  well , you 're wrong . 
  so you 're telling me european culture is n't built on christianity ? 
  no , but adding to the problem further is n't ever a good idea, 
  european law and culture is built on christianity . 
  just because modern europe is secular it does n't diminish the fact that we are culturally christian . 
  i 'm still waiting for the lefties to admit we were right about it being a terrible idea . 
  massive crack down on islamic immigration . 
  stop bringing muslim refugees to europe . 
  end the doctrine of multiculturalism and mass immigration . 
  tell potential immigrants that europe is a christian continent , and that they must respect that . 
  offer free repatriation to any muslims who want to go home . 
  of course , the main problem is getting politicians to lift a finger to care about the issue of islam or immigration to begin with . 
  not sure what this means ? 
  yes . 
  islam is not the same as other religions . 
  the attacker in paris was clearly harboured and covered for by `` moderate muslims '' , this issue is n't just limited to the terrorists but the ones who passively support them . 
  of which a significant amount of the muslim population seem to be . 
  no , turn back the boats, 
  this is a terrible deal . 
  the eu has failed . 
  a pro merkel opinion post is stickied . 
  why ? 
  th turks elected them . 
  it says more about the turks that they wanted a theocratic authoritarian regime as their government to be honest, 
  i hate it . 
  brits are split on whether to stay or leave the eu . 
  brits are very much against any further integration . 
  it 's pretty clear brits at large do n't agree with the the direction of `` the project '' , so what 's the point of being in it ? 
  meanwhile , obama is coming over soon to campaign for us to stay in the eu because it 's in american interests lol, 
  if you think european countries are as different to each other as american states you 're kidding yourself . 
  that 's literally what i just said . 
  it works just fine . 
  admit commonwealth countries with similar standards of living . 
  ireland does n't want to be in the commonwealth , so no . 
  so what merit is there in discussing politics in a pan european way , let alone the existence of a pan european political body , if basic ideologies can not even have an agreed upon definition ? 
  so you think the definition of `` civic nationalism '' is something that can change from country to country ? 
  do you believe the same thing about communism , or fascism , or capitalism ? 
   french civic nationalism is secular says who ? 
  proof it is n't civic ? 
  it 's a widely accepted idea https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/civic_nationalism, 
  liberalism is about self determination of the individual . 
  liberal nationalism is about self determination of individual nations . 
  no thanks to merkel, 
  they are n't `` extreme right '' though, 
  net migration is over three hundred thousand a year . 
  that is indeed high, 
  england or the uk ? 
  uncertainty affects the economy , what else is new ? 
  should we not have elections either ? 
  they cause uncertainty after all . 
  great public transport in the netherlands , wish we had more like it in the uk, 
  bring in the french army , if people get aggressive act aggressive in response . 
  i swear , this is like the fifth time i 've heard the french government say they 're clearing it out for reals this time, 
  thats funny , because labour were elected promising a referendum on any such reform , then did n't give one . 
  impossible say . 
  they do n't have any documents to prove otherwise , 
  pretty sure calais is in the eu, 
  source on the government officially supporting staying in ?
