ca n't believe i got downvoted for taking the piss out of my own country for its obsession with eurovision, 
  [ how australia sees europe  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saolvejejv4 ), 
  oh spain , if only you could take the advice of that german woman i met the other day in a madrid group interview : `` southern europeans need to be more disciplined '' . 
  it 's easy to make someone look a dick when you cut their quote in half is n't it ? 
  he 's pretty much rephrased a winston churchill quote about democracy being the worst system of government , except for all the others . 
  the only way a secession could happen is if the * people * vote for it , not the parties . 
  and to suggest that all people that are anti-partition are right wing or racist would be frankly pretty offensive to a lot of them . 
  that does n't change the fact that he avoided a question and responded by insinuating that the only people against secession are right wing or racist . 
  i have spoken to a lot of people about this issue , many left spanish republicans are against secession ( socialists often hate partition ) and many are also for it . 
  it 's not black and white , i think a lot of young catalan nationalists assume this to be a simple left or right issue . 
  edit : for what it 's worth i 'd be in favour of the referendum ( however i do n't see how it 'd be possible without first changing the constitution ) but against secession ( do n't like partition ) . 
  1 . you were asked whether there are spanish people in catalunya that may be opposed to secession - a pretty direct question 2 . you then responded * only * by suggesting that there are far-right wing cities in catalunya , some of which are racist - by doing this you * obviously * insinuated that one has to be either far-right or racist to believe to be anti-secession . 
  you completely ignored the question to paint your opposition as far-right or racist . 
  i 've met/interviewed ( i 'm a freelance journo ) people on both sides on this issue who have been of all stripes and political allegiances , so naturally i do n't appreciate when people try to stigmatise the opposition . 
  so he asks if there are spanish people living in catalunya who may oppose the movement , and you respond by insinuating that the only reason people could be anti-secession is if they 're far-right racists . . i understand your position and passion for this issue , but your posts are so marginalising and one-eyed they 're laughable . 
  you 're absolutely right , it wo n't divide your family up despite the spanish ties , sorry if it seemed like i was drawing that conclusion . 
  i was more-so trying to suggest that while a lot of catalonia does feel very divided/separate already from the rest of spain , barcelona ( to me , anyway ) still seems to me ( through experience/studies ) to be very much a spanish-catalan metropolis , rather than just a catalan one . 
  the only problem for your family might be the potentially very messy situation that arises if catalonia becomes independent and the eu/schengen area stuff does n't go too smoothly . 
  but it 's absolutely you and your family 's decision to weigh the pros/cons and choose yourselves . 
  good luck, 
  george galloway has a big web-army and sadly people just like to circlejerk over his youtube clips and opinions rather than challenge them . 
  edit : but not to suggest he does n't raise a few good points and is n't a formidable debater, 
  and the manner in which you have conducted yourself in this subreddit , expressed your views and now alienated me only for my nationality as a european resident all leads me to think even less of your opinion . 
  do n't like my opinion ? 
  then rebut the logic ( or do what unfortunately so many others do and downvote on the basis of disagreement ) . 
  oh and i now expect that you 'll be belittling the opinion of every other european who has n't lived in catalunya for an extended period of time , too - seeing as your `` what the fuck would you know '' stance is so thought-through and consistent . 
  ad hominem attack about where i 'm originally from ? 
  pathetic . 
  what the fuck would a person who makes such an argument know , really ? 
  good , glad to see that you can back pedal when prompted . 
   those two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  just keep digging - i can do this all day long . 
  i never suggested that they were , because see , you 've only just modified your position to that now . 
  i just tend to believe that partition is a bad thing , but i would support catalans to seek independence in any legal way possible - so they should probably start with seeking allies in the millions of other spaniards who also need to change the constitution to achieve their goals . 
  just my opinion , but please continue down-voting on the basis of disagreement , it speaks volumes . 
   at least the catalans have a legitimate claim to be a separate nation . 
   it 's neither for you nor me to decide . 
  it 's for the people of catalonia to decide . 
  so by your own assessment , you should n't have made that first statement i quoted . 
  haha !, 
  do you know what is meant by ` partition ' ? 
  i know you were being sarcastic , but to even mention it . . and what 's the legitimate claim to independence that catalonia has ? 
  last time i checked , spain is such a beautifully diverse place in which many regions have their own languages and cultures . 
  ` legitimate claim ' is a bit subjective is n't it ? 
  i think in parts of catalonia you 're right . 
  but barcelona itself is very linked with madrid and the rest of the spanish state economically and culturally . 
  i originally assumed differently , but i 've found that in madrid , andalusia and ( perhaps more predictably ) zaragoza so many people have cousins or other relatives in barcelona who speak catalan etc. 
  the whole deal . 
  i think in smaller villages/cities of catalonia there is a different attitude , but in barcelona ( despite the recent surge of nationalism ) the city is very linked with the rest of the state culturally , economically and personally . 
  your spelling/english is fine , relax !, 
   nationalism is awful ftfy partition is also pretty awful in its dividing of people . 
  turns out socialists are n't all that keen on nationalism and partitioning . 
  people are ultimately divided by class etc edit : for what it 's worth i think every spanish autonomous community should have the same rights and be states under a fed government . 
  giving different rights to different communities like navarra/basque country is absurd . 
  well hopefully the people 's party is obliterated at the next election . 
  decentralisation is the only real model for such diverse nations in southern europe like spain, 
  my bias is slightly against this movement on the basis that i 'm usually against partition in general . 
  against it in ireland , against it in palestine and i 'm against it in spain . 
  from living here i 've learnt that perhaps the * one * good thig that the catastrophic fascist dictatorship of franco has done is that it has given * most * spaniards a healthy distrust of nationalism . 
  that 's why to someone of my political persuasion , the nationalism and flag waving in catalonia is unsettling . 
  it 's a beautifully diverse country , and i really think federalisation would be a good path for the country to take to empower regions to take matters into their own hands . 
  haha . 
  in the same page you cited this appears in the first paragraph :  there are several theories advocating either a purely catalan or a purely aragonese origin for the symbol . 
  the point is that the historical claims to the origins of the flag are dubious , and anyone who claims absolute certainty over such unclear origins obviously has an axe to grind ( like someone believing it gives weight to their secession cause ) . 
  edit : historical reasons for secession are by far the weakest . 
  i always chuckle when i read secessionist recounts of the spanish war of succession , as if it were all about ` spanish troops ' killing catalans . 
  persue self-detirmination , because pushing completely refutable historical arguments just undermines the cause and annoys people who know anything about historiography . 
  it 's the original ? 
  is that why those red white stripes are referred to as the bars of arag\u00f3n ? 
  there are several theories as to where the flag came originally came from , none of which can be deemed conclusive . 
  citing completely unspecified `` documents tombs and buildings '' is always the sign of a strong argument , is n't it ? 
  and you 're right , catalonia was not a municipality in the crown of arag\u00f3n , [ it was a principality ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crown_of_aragon#composition ) , ruled over by the aragones crown - my mistake . 
  catalonia was a municipality , that 's why the catalan flag is just the aragones flag without the coat of arms ( as it was n't a kingdom ) . 
  the new king/queen had to be crowned in ceremony in saragossa , and the political capital was really just the county of barcelona - the municipality of catalonia was irrelevant in comparison to that particular separate entity . 
  they wo n't vote , the yes vote will be inflated and it 'll push the movement on . 
  it 's all a big mess . 
  i agree , i lived in utrecht for a year and copenhagen at least seemed way less bicycle-y . 
  madriz, 
  do n't stress it , english is weird . 
  and as a result , you 're amazing conversationalists . 
  the one-liners i heard in dublin over a few pints . . 
  lousy means bad , lame . 
  i have spanish residency , these are the ones i think are true of the spaniards : - usually arrive late to things - they love to party . . village-parties , city-parties , regional parties and national parties . 
  - they love to sit out in a plaza eating , drinking and talking for hours on end , i swear it 's all they do come the weekend . 
  - there 's a lot of red tape for some pretty simple things and bureaucracy is even slower than most places . 
  that said i really love this place edit : format, 
  as someone from a federalist country that seems to me to be 100x more homogenous culturally than spain ( fly 4 hours to somewhere in my home country and people have sliiightly different accents ) , i just do not understand why such a culturally diverse country as spain is not a federation . 
  maybe at some point i 'll be permitted to vote here , i 'd love to know the pro-federalising parties . 
  brainwshing here obviously being used as an expression to mean in this case to teach garbage to children in schools for political purposes . 
  which i think you 'll find is true if you ask the average catalan nationalistic student about the history of spain and their region . 
  and considering that education in catalunya is in the hands of the catalunya autonomous community , they can pretty easily get away with it , too . 
  he was wrong to make a petty `` stalker '' jab at you . 
  but at the end of the day . . you demanded sources for an opinion , once 9 were provided you read `` some '' of them , said `` bullshit '' and ran off . 
  i 've been to a few village parties in arag\u00f3n this summer , catalans coming over for the fun and getting involved in historical debates is always amusing . 
  even heard someone say `` the crown of catalu\u00f1a '' without hesitation a month ago . 
  edits : clarity . 
   although the crown was titularly `` of aragon '' , it was a confederation of proto-states , the most important of which was catalonia i would n't go as far as to say that all of catalonia was the most important region of the crown . 
  certainly barcelona being a port city was the most important city of the crown , strategically located for further expansion - but catalonia as a whole was a mere municipality . 
  the show was indeed mainly run by the house of barcelona , but there 's a reason why catalonia 's flag today does n't have a coat of arms like that of aragon , valencia etc - it was n't ever a kingdom . 
  however fascinating ( yay history nerds !,
