i 'm confused ... 
  elaborate on how the rate of our minimum wage is a ` failed policy ' ? 
  and given the fact that you wrote in plural ( polic * ies * ) , what are all the other ones ? 
  i 'd love to know . 
  well sure , but honour requires nothing but absolute economic leadership within the slavic world !, 
  sarcasm aside , i have nothing but joy seeing non-western eu states growing and converging towards the eu average . 
  if only slovenia also had a more robust ( and more importantly , quicker ) post-recession recovery ... looks like we 're gathering speed at last , 
  watch out czechia , the slav gdp per capita crown shall be ours once more !, 
  * laughs diabolicaly in slavic *, 
  i was just mentioning some relevant stuff . 
  every country guards it 's national interests vehemently and i ca n't see how opec selling oil in dollars is n't in us interests . 
  i do n't know the ( conspiracy ) theory , but what i said sounds like common political sense . 
  plus the military-industrial complex is a big economic driver in the us ( definitely bigger than in the eu ) and going to war is kind of a keynesian uplift for the economy . 
  never said the above written is cause for the us going to war , just that it makes the us better off in the end from a political stand point . 
  well there is this other thing . 
  iraq switched 15 years ago from selling oil in dollars to selling it in euros , which probably did n't sit well with american interests and the global hegemony of the dollar . 
  agreed , there 's a big cultural difference . 
  i do n't think our highways have anything to do with that . 
  as of may it 's 1.613,73 eur gross and 1.050,78 eur net . 
  actually i know some croatian students in zagreb and they understand like zero . 
  i mean , i 'm not a good speaker of croatian , but i can at least understand most of what i hear . 
  from my experience , you guys do n't , 
  yeah right , just got home from zagreb and nobody understood me while i was there . 
  i think it 's inflated by negative population growth as in some other ee countries . 
  otherwise i 'm very happy with the growth , our southern neighbours had a stagnating economy for waaay too long . 
  you guessed it . 
  read through the piran bay part and wow , we really do have much better grounds . 
  i can see why they decided as they did . 
  what a day to be alive :d, 
   guys , you really do n't have other problems instead fight over small ~ ~ sea corridor ~ ~ everything ?? 
  ~ ~ politicians ~ ~ balkans in nutshell . 
  nobody paid anyone . 
  the judge that we appointed and our representative were communicating contents of the proceedings while they should n't have had any contact . 
  it was shameful and condemned here in slovenia . 
  they both resigned . 
  there are rumours that they 're being sued by the government , but the ministry of foreign affairs wo n't give out any info on that because of privacy rights as it 's all in the early stages . 
   thinks that it belongs to them because they had it during titos yugoslavia . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but when did croatia control the bay of piran before yugoslavia ? 
  afaik it never did : * under a-o , the whole of istria was under the austrian crown land of austrian littoral . 
  croatia was n't even in the austrian part of a-o and the coast of istria was predominantly italian , while the hinterlands of southern istria were croatian . 
  * and even before that it was part of the kingdom of illyria , an austrian crown land and its capital was ljubljana . 
  * and before before that it was part of the illyrian provinces , itself a province of napoleonic france , with the capital in ljubljana . 
  all of this is fairly interesting , but digging up historical irredentism is stupid and largely irrelevant today imo , just throwing it out for meaningless discussion . 
  do n't take this as a serious argument . 
  edit : added extra historical circle-jerking and paragraphs . 
  tell that to croatia ... 
  in other words , croatia never did . 
  what victims perspective ? 
  you 're making no sense . 
  and there was a problem from the start because the border was contested from the beginning . 
  that 's why we 're all in this mess . 
  do n't fabricate history just because you 're ignorant or because it suits you . 
  and by the way , your choice of words does n't really strengthen your argument , unless you 're trying to convey that you 're butthurt . 
  that 's my understanding as well . 
  so apart from sticking to principles ( because of the whole colluding fiasco ) , why ca n't we just be pragmatic about it and enforce the ruling ? 
  or is this just politicians pandering to the patriotic electorate ? 
  because i do n't see how 10 + years and extra money spent on another deal is better , if this one already is fair for both sides . 
  nothing 's gon na change . 
  i downvoted because yes , our side was caught cheating , the whole thing was shameful . 
  they resigned , the court was made aware of the situation and upon reflection decided , that this violation does not inhibit it in reaching a fair verdict . 
  obviously they , as experts and the only ones with full knowledge of the whole matter , know better than you and me . 
  do n't you agree , that the verdict is n't at least from a layman 's view fair to both sides ? 
  we both lost and gained something , what did you expect , that you 'll get everything ? 
  so yeah , quick and shallow conclusions ( from both sides ) on a matter as complex as this are dumb . 
  no disrespect intended . 
  i do n't know about other ex-yu countries , but here in slovenia , the only people i know that own guns are hunters ( and they only own hunting rifles as they afaik are n't interested in handguns ) . 
  no one else has one . 
  edited for clarity . 
  ibrahimovi\u0107 , is that you ? 
  well sure , it was different back then . 
  though admittedly , being a 90 's kid , i never did experience yugoslavia first hand . 
  but from what i hear from people here , life was just as peaceful . 
  if you conformed to the regime that is . 
  yeah , we did n't get that here , the war ( well ten days , but let 's be realistic ) . 
  so there 's not a lot of that mentality to go around . 
  i had paris and brussels in mind , both cities that i otherwise enjoyed . 
  vienna ( best city ! ), 
  was different , felt safer . 
  as a side note , ljubljana has 280.000 inhabitants , so it 's a small city . 
  but man , never have i ever felt uneasy while walking home from the city centre at 3 am . 
  and that 's something i do quite often . 
  well , you do have a muuuch more beautiful coast than we do !, 
  i adore it . 
  i do n't know what you 're referring to , but life here is as peaceful as it can be . 
  on the other hand i felt a lot less safe in the more desolate areas of western capitals . 
  but i guess you ca n't avoid stuff like that in million + cities . 
  liked them very much though !, 
  : slovenia ranks 7th in the 2017 global peace index . 
  so that 's a no-no on violence . 
  ahem . 
  yep . 
  ca n't really complain about nothing really . 
  amen . 
  yesterday news of 5.3 % gdp growth , today this , what the heck is going on ? 
  am i dreaming ? 
  colour me surprised , did n't think i 'd see growth rates north of 5 % anytime soon . 
  your move , czechia !, 
  ah yes , the great romance . 
  at least they have water . 
  ca n't wait to go to kor\u010dula this summer , it 's amazing !,
