  dormammu with 4-3 makes wolv proc his obe , than oneshot with 5 . 
  or 5 into 3 with damage proc . 
  or 5 into 5 . 
  odin with 5-4 doing the same . 
  maybe gear up your characters to be more dps than tanks with invul obelisk and stark backing ? 
  i did . 
  5 % heal for 5 sec is not a 100 % heal . 
  you can outdps it with no problem . 
  you can oneshot wolverine with 100 % hp with most native t2 and characters like sharon rogers , no amount of healing and obelisks will save him . 
  i play manually , ai is weird and ca n't defeat some teams at all . 
  once baby groot wiped the flood with my odin and dormammu , it felt bad . 
  so yeah , manual control is your choice to beat wolverine . 
  x-men , t2 normal characters . 
  none of the bo are worth it if you can already clear wb and sl and have best natives . 
  literally `` shutter island '' . 
  the answers are yes and yes . 
  kinda . 
  he 's a victim , but in the film 's main line more like an antagonist in the end . 
  videos ? 
  it 's more like battle.net ( blizzard app ) integration with chat and stuff than a proper remaster . 
  except our deadpool guy . 
  he can be one of the x-men then a colourful lamp and then a nice guy again . 
  i guess it works only marvel -  dc , not the other way around . 
  yeah , and what will you do if he 'll reply `` i just did , but you 're still a pathetic noob '' ? 
  throw in some more love mails ? 
  how well can ps4 handle simulation of a big city ? 
  it lags on a some good pcs and i 'm not sure if this will be a good port to play . 
  numbers 2 , 4 and 5 are like 10-15 meters tall , but the quality of the post is here for sure . 
  hive queen ( 2 ) , biteweed ( 4 ) and bat ( 5 ) . 
  also , spider ( 8 ) is around 4 meters , reaver is the same as the queen or little smaller , and fork on the art looks like it 's around 0,8 - 1 m. 
  source - am playing wow and have seen those in game . 
  btw an art pieces are revealing height of the minions without any doubts . 
  with or without the reigning one ? 
  on the artwork artist created a flamewreathed draenic bat . 
  basically , bats can be mounts in the wow , so you can guess their size and size ot their wings . 
  for example this is a 2,1-2 .4 m tall character on the bat . 
  that 's like saying `` it 's worth buying lotery tickets - someone won 1 trillion dollars so we can too '' . 
  usually he 's thinking before bying in other mobile games , idk why he 's doing stupid shit right now . 
  maybe nm paid him a lot of money to spend on epic quests . 
  pile on . 
  wow , dat spidey uni looks like shit . 
  please , nm , do not put more useless speed characters in the game , we have enough of them already . 
  almost every update brings `` meh '' or bad speed , it 's time to stop . 
  why the hell do you need a dodge builds for cho and mordo ? 
  you do n't and never will . 
  magneto - worth it : more damage , more buff 's and debuff 's duration . 
  he 's a beast in sl even at t1 , at t2 he melts the enemies . 
  cyclops - so-so : not a game changer , but a nice boosts to dps . 
  does n't change anything about gameplay . 
  rogue - worth it : dodge , damage reduction and buff duration/empower turn her into very strong speed character . 
  beast - not worth it : nothing really good to add to his base kit . 
  also very weak stat wise . 
  storm - so-so : she has nice dps but really lacks defense . 
  her t2 improves passive skill which is a joke itself . 
  no , that wo n't work at all . 
  nothing good will come out of trying to get a dodge with mordo and then rolling a 50-50 to get a bonus damage , forget that . 
  flat damage is way better . 
  same story with cho - he 's well defended with his buffs , he needs more damage , not more dodge rolls . 
  want defense - get an invul \\ heal proc obelisk . 
  same logic can be applied to everyone . 
  why does strange needs an attack set ? 
  sharon rogers ? 
  they can clear everything fine with a heal sets . 
  but do they need that ? 
  baron mordo already has 2 i-frames and a shield , do you really need more defense ? 
  why would you press skill 1 which roots him in one place and deals no damage if you can press skills 5-3-2 to blow the enemies away ? 
  also i do n't get your choice - you have a dodge build and stark iso set which works when characters gets hit . 
  what ? 
  i 'd like to have :, 
  life on hit leadership , or % of damage is working like a lifesteal . 
  we have a phys immune , time to have an energy immune too . 
  i 'd like to have more `` on swap '' leaderships because they are more fun to play with more characters , not like `` put 1 leader , 1 fodder for bonuses or lols and main killa '' . 
  shield for 2 hits for 5-6 secs , first hit is always a crit etc. 
  swaps are fun !, 
  more `` against '' types . 
  against female , heroes , blast , speed etc. 
  more elemental damage leaderships . 
  `` we have filled '' is not `` we will fill it '' . 
  they already did it . 
  they will stay in your inbox . 
  ca : cw is actually before ds since he 's ( strange ) refusing to operate warmachine in the beginning of the film while driving car right before crash . 
  forgot about marine part . 
  yeah , you 're right , it is not rhodes . 
  thanks for the citation . 
  i do n't remember anyone in the mu at 35 with broken back . 
  but we did n't . 
  icecrown is not the same as the death knights ' themed expac . 
  but the frozen throne is located on top of the citadel , not inside !, 
  now you have to win a game with him . 
  because of pve gear . 
  there are no pvp sets with bonuses anymore and . 
  there are no pvp legs and pvp gear usually rolls pretty low in ilvl , and good luck trying to kill some 920 + tanks and healers and not getting rekt yourself . 
  not funny at all and not worth any time . 
  well , there are like 2700 mbt in service in russia . 
  all the other are on conservation or going to be scrapped . 
  and most of them are t-80 , t-72 and more ancient models . 
  so there is that . 
  you should compare active mbts per 100k , there will be much different numbers . 
  he gets sent to gulag , of course . 
  ca n't swing on the ring ?
