  amazing guide . 
  i guess no fully awakened iso - no 100k points . 
  also , 114kk gold @ not all uru are amplified . 
  y u do dis ? 
  not jane for sure . 
  thor is an good t2 , can kill 1v1 targets or male relay if played good . 
  needs an unworthy uniform . 
  t2 cho is good only with uniform . 
   none of my characters have a set of fully awakened iso . 
   fully awakened iso set has 96 * . 
  my ulik 's is 72/96 , my nebula is 80/96 , my bullseye is 72/96 . 
  i should 've worder it more correctly without `` fully '' since all of your iso are partly awakened and it gives more bonuses from set than 20 % default . 
  it helps greatly - i learned it hard way with 99k scores . 
  it was cheap when there were adventures around since they gave a lot of value for the price . 
  now it 's not . 
  20 $ for adventure is like what , 10-15 packs ? 
  how 's your chances to get so many good cards in 15 packs ? 
  ca n't even hope for 1 leg in those packs . 
  i like thor more . 
  elsa in the long run since you can upgrade her uniform and get more stats . 
  at raw t2 ofcourse kate , at no upgrades uni + t2 i personally like kate more but elsa is way more safe play . 
  depends on your playstyle . 
  iso set is always an attack one , but obe could be invul proc or damage proc . 
  i use mediocre one ( def.pen , crit rate ) with invuln proc , it helps me clear some wb if i want to or late sl stages . 
  first or last . 
  or throw the dodge ones away and get a real one , with def.pen \\ itgb and such . 
  his passive is not the best way to build character around , not enough consistency . 
  first 5 is always the same : wt , lincoln , crystall ( or ironheart before ) , groot and ronin . 
  9 is always destroyers , so yj or mordo , 11 is ultrons for loki , 15 is again destro for bm or yj . 
  stages 6-8 , 10 , 11-14 and 16-20 always depend on the rewards or difficulty . 
  venom ( 21 ) is my playground for different 1v1 : i 've used satana , clea , sugi , angela and others . 
  stage ( 22 ) is either carnage or enchantress , rarely someone from bo . 
  for 23 i use hellstorm and used satana once but it was too hard . 
  luke are for sharon rogers , and on the last one i test solo dps : thor , mk , if , kate , elsa etc. 
  usually some strong t2 to test my rotations . 
  wew lad , it 's almost like nm wants top players to score 10 mil at the end of the week . 
  what 's next , kid 's buff working for the team , since speeds are only without teambuffs , right ? 
  no , he is not . 
  check the wiki , mate . 
  he is weak too . 
  mythic grade uniform is the tier 3 . 
   nadia , mankrik 's wife, 
  i wonder ... 
  transformers : the dark knight . 
  it 's not good for gwenpool or anyone . 
  itgb/dodge ignore/def pen + damage proc . 
  i am a paying customer who have invested a lot of money on packs and adventures , and i find it extremely disturbing when my 96000 dust full golden only legendary midrange control paladin deck is being outclassed by a 1040 dust f2p midrange hunter deck which does not feature even a single legendary or epic card . 
  this is simply not acceptable since blizzard have previously responded to the feedback from the community and nerfed previous budget decks such as face hunter and otk warrior . 
  why have they not done anything to remedy this situation ? 
  if this blatent disrespectful behavior from plebeians is left unchecked , then blizzard will lose a lot of money from paying customers such as myself . 
  please nerf those budget decks blizzard as they are not fit for the high class and very skill based game that is hearthstone . 
  one simple question - how ? 
  there is something with the update , my phone keeps heating up high as fuck . 
  never before i had this problem . 
  so , battletoads ? 
  get an attack iso and damage proc obe . 
  consider a snare resist if you are aiming for eab . 
  also , ironheart . 
  carnage is a combat villain , av - combat hero . 
  there are at least 2 more options for eab for ch day , while none as good as carnage for combat villain . 
  odin is faster , try some rifts or special missions . 
  also , depends on your gear . 
  he 's still the king . 
  not much , except inhumans ' special missions . 
  odin is faster . 
  is there a way to avoid misses ( or not hitting a beast actually ) with sharon rogers ' 4th skill ? 
  it pisses me off greatly . 
  project `` a '' . 
  i have xiaomi mi5 pro , and it lags like shit since asgardians , was better before . 
  emulator lags too , but not that bad , and fucking ipad air 2 works like miracle . 
  new material to obtain , 5 new t2 from scratch to unlock jean , new epic quest - months of farm to come . 
  i wish there was a simplier way to unlock jean , not five fucking tier two with the new material to farm . 
  no bioselectors available is also so funny . 
  why do i even level up the fucking shop if i ca n't use selectors ? 
  imagine getting clea to t2 . 
  i 've managed to get her to 20 gears month ago with non-stop farming almost since the beginning , getting her to t2 would be another two months . 
  i do n't think forcing people to t2 new characters is a good way to do . 
  what the fuck with nebula 's model ? 
  it looks bad with those proportions . 
   for surver stabilization, 
  yeah , more typos . 
  i have a problem with facebook connection . 
  when i try to connect my brand new fb account , game only suggests that i do not have a save game and wants me to start anew . 
  how to fix this and connect my current gamesave ? 
  i can link to fb , just ca n't save on a new fb account . 
  what a stupid system . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  well , it looks mediocre at best . 
  character models are the same as before , face are straight of of the me : andromeda patch 1.0 , frames are low even in the fucking trailer , come on !, 
  how bad it will be optimized if even trailer dropping frames ? 
  unity all over again ? 
  wow . 
  another rogue nerf , lol . 
  why ? 
  everytime i see my numbers and numbers on my warrior i cry . 
  dormammu and odin are killing him in 2 blows . 
  there are no problems at all with wolverine , he is bad in tl against other native t2 except himself . 
  5k + rating teams . 
  is it bad ? 
  i do n't think so .
