commander ? 
  i want it all !, 
  i want it all !, 
  i want it all and i want it now !, 
  null field + feedback , which blinds and confuses foes ( 8 and 9 in illisions ) , staff 's 5 chaos storm + zerker from gs are your best friens from now on . 
  with the reduced cooldowns on the glamour skills there will be no problem with the aoe tagging . 
  yep , 20 secs or something with the traits . 
  maybe it 's better to have another healing spell ? 
  like glyph ( different boons from different attunemets ) or renewal to cleanse some conditions ? 
  ptd the most useless healing spell for elementalist imho . 
  the amount of ap and glory hunters on our ( sfr ) server is too damn high compare to our rivals at the moment ( ps and vs ) . 
  some can say that they 've got it too , but how many people got transfered to vs/ps , and how many to sfr , # 1 for a month + now ? 
  i ca n't even join a borderlands for 2-3 hours and my guildmates too . 
  i 'm really jealous about vs community right now , they are handling mad queues for a year now , and every time we 've got those - massive leaves are happening . 
  so , in my opinion , leagues are fine , but achievs are not !, 
  remove ap from the wvw league - everything will be good . 
  and matchmaker of the league should be purged by fire for putting the hardest match first , when madness are goind around and nothing could be controlled . 
  this . 
  as i remember , it covers your problem as well . 
  it 's actualy good , you should try it . 
  in russian it is called `` melted cheese '' for some reasons . 
  lable '' \u041a\u0430\u0440\u0430\u0442 '' ( `` karat '' ) is one of the oldest in the country cheese manufacturers ( 1934 ) . 
  you can read more here :, 
  just do n't forget to use a translator . 
  source : i 'm russian . 
  you did already - it 's a warrior . 
  d/d ele is n't actually a class , just a spec , so reference is not so good here ( like rifle warrior ) . 
  in that case , take a staff for non-spvp activity : it 's good for both pve and wvw . 
  and the answer is :, 
  `` still going to be better to just wait for level 80 before you start using it on a character '', 
  yeah , like it was on maidan 2 months ago . 
  this is how i roll over some unlucky guys nowadays . 
  food is optional , against necro lemograss ( -40 % condition duration ) is better , sometimes standart + power + vit/tough food is good too . 
  and i like to swap aoe to cleansing fire , coz `` perplexity nubs '' on the bls are 80 % of solo roamers . 
  btw another 10 % is `` i 'm full pvt warrior with 3k per sec regen kill me pls if u can while i capping ur camps and running with all move skills in the game '' and another 10 are all other classes , so this build is doing well against them . 
  i think we should get awarded with points while taking objects , and the more object is graded , the more points we get . 
  i mean , taking t1 garrison is like 200-300 points , taking full t3 should be around 2-3k . 
  with that fully graded map can award an attacker a nice boost to the score to lower the gap . 
  second thing is to lower ppt gaining . 
  hard to tell how balanced it could be , but sitting in the keeps should be almost as bad as staying on the warcamp doing nothing . 
  yeah , you are own full map with 3 waypoints , so what ? 
  no enemy to attack it , no events , nothing . 
  and why you should get awarded for that in ppt terms ? 
  solution is simple -- get points if only there is an active event to defend . 
  and only if it was completed . 
  the more you manage to hold the place under siege , the more your server will benefit from it . 
  and this should scale from the numbers of attacking side at the end/beginning . 
  same here . 
  almost 6 weapons on 3 chars with sigils skinned as wvw/zenith are holding my sigils as hostages . 
  this shit are like 10 + g each , why ca n't i just salvage it ? 
  i do n't need exotic stuff from it , just my sigils . 
  poisoneer build does not have 6 rune in the armor . 
  fuck you thoughtsteal !, 
  yes i am playing priest and managed to do 2 rank last season but fuck this shit why am i always getting poisons , shiled slams or other useless shit ? 
  where are axes , backstabs or somewhat good ? 
  by the light , you halforc motherfucker !, 
  i will hunt you down !, 
  time to get my rogue to the race and play stupid miracle shit or reroll into nobrain huntard !, 
  the pleasure is mine to hunt you down for the wild !, 
  sap yeti back . 
  hand it over to the one of the 2018 competitors - problem solved . 
  `` de facto , it is a debt-for-financial-aid transaction , which wo n't require budget allocations since we are talking about syria 's debt payments to russia that we could n't receive due to the syrian war . 
  now these funds , which are still in the syrian budget , will be spent on syrian social projects '', 
  quote from the news . 
  read it first . 
  stop saying stupid shit about gas and other things . 
  because it 's a cheap way to get achiev and icon on the character select screen . 
  they got him . 
  dear god , please , let me have an option to turn the effect off . 
  i ca n't enjoy the style of this game with so many bobbleheads around . 
  it 's okay to be dumb sometimes . 
  good to know , thank you . 
  a businessman would like to talk about business and his profits instead of `` boring '' politics . 
  who would have thought ? 
  that 's a good news for both frodan and tempo storm team , they will learn a lot of things from each other during his coaching , i think . 
  he should be punished for that , no matter why it happened . 
  just for an example for others . 
  disqualification for the futute events for like several months is enough . 
  remake was the best solution , but did it happen ? 
  i mean , we all must do respect the rules and bear the responsibility for our friends and friendlist . 
  it was not his personal fault , but maybe it will be an example for others not to do that . 
  i woud n't recommend celestial gear for staff coz it do not have enough stats now for main ele purpose - bring the hell 's flames on the heads of the enemies ( lack of power and other stats ) . 
  mix of cavalier + bers + optional pvt is good enough to have like 8k + crits in tornado form while meteors are singing their song . 
  and 8k is good enough even for heavy melee group . 
  easy 14k hits for low armor targets is real life . 
  build could be 0-2-0-6-6 , with 6 in air and alacrity ( 8 ? 
  ca n't remember the number ) in water for less cd on the water spells . 
  in gm arcane i often switch from 11 to 12 : rolls for more defensive and root/blind from arcane spells for more offensive playstyle . 
  healing does not do much from ele , blasts are the kings of the heal . 
  raid and group comp is diferrent form guild to guild , so no point in agruing here , i agree . 
  focus groups are rare in my opinion , usually 1-2 people , and it is not that hard to blink away and ask for cover , and with 16k hp and 2,5 k armor you could live long enough to deal all the damage you can and not die . 
  and runes - yeah , strength are op , but i run both strength and divinity sets . 
  sab themed finishers ? 
  gib big green toad pls . 
  anet pls . 
  i know . 
  but it would be so cool if they introduce a toad finisher . 
  toad  wizard . 
  probably because of group design buff-wise : no point in having 3-4 classes of one armor type ( light-heavy , since medium is not that popular and desirable ) , it 's a way better 2-3 each , so everyone will have guards and warriors for the buffs and good surv . 
  sometimes guilds lack numbers to do that , so groups will be 4-man only .
