  will swing in the mine !, 
  summons doomsayers all day . 
  sandman . 
  from 8 to 11 . 
  you have plenty of time to clear . 
  feels like eu , right ? 
  or get fucked by 15 \\ 15 jades . 
  druid for sure will be having those if there are only 3 cards in his deck and they 're idols . 
  i did n't say `` multiple 15/15 '' . 
  it is the smallest guy in the jade town by `` i am almost out of cards '' turn , he and his older buddy ( or several ) will otk you with wild roars and no amount of aboms or puny shit tier tricks with spells can stop them . 
  i forgot to add '' + '' after 15/15 , my bad . 
  valeera is a blood elf , where the fuck is her ears ? 
  all elves have a giant ears in warcraft . 
  artist clearly forgot about that part and it makes the pic not so good . 
  that 's not valeera , that 's an imposter . 
  it ca n't . 
  the only explanation is that when she died the ears dropped off . 
  look at her one more time , frostbite could 've gotten to her whole body . 
  her armor is more like night dress . 
  the answer is probably no . 
  by your turn 6 druid may have already 5 \\ 5 + golems , and the idols are not the only source of them . 
  yes , it will hurt them , but deck still should be able to finish the game with solid board presence . 
  well , my last 10 games against jade druids were exactly like that . 
  i think it 's mid game card , not a curve one . 
  it can be played t5-t6 + with flametongue totem and thing from below in evolve/aggro shaman decks . 
  those decks do not run expensive cards so skipping 3 mana next turn should not be a big deal . 
  and dealing with 2/8 or more buffed taunt for most decks means a hard removal or several spells/trades . 
  is your scd maxed out ? 
  iso - damage . 
  obelisk for pve - def.pen / crit rate with damage proc , for pvp - i 'd say itgb and invul proc . 
  as others pointed out , do not hit wiccan with 2 and 4 . 
  i 'd suggest a rotation of 2 cancel -  1 -  3 -  spam big aa button for a few sec before immune goes out -  5 . 
  it happens from time to time . 
  odin , thanos - they can prevent the shield casting . 
  not only in tl , but in ac too . 
  if thanos punch her while she casts a shield it wo n't appear if you are not guard break immune i think . 
  otherwise she will be knocked back , but shield will appear . 
  or i 'm making shit up here and do n't know a thing . 
  you kinda will do this . 
  you will farm a lot of dungeons to grind some gold to buy them from gemstore . 
  how about we choose what stat 4th gear have ? 
  i do n't want ignore defense on several of my characters since i 've maxed out id with obelisk/cards . 
  free obelisk unequip would be nice in that regard . 
  we ca n't reroll base stat . 
  it 's not the base stat . 
  it 's an optional one . 
  base stat is orange , optional - light blue . 
  you should read my first message again . 
  and then read the patch notes . 
  my question is - how am i supposed to cap 5-10-15 % of any missing stat with those changes ? 
  rolling the dice with uru , right ? 
  that 's the real intention of the change - more ways to spend gold to gain ideal stats . 
  what 's easier to get - 6 star uru or 200 of rating from 4th gear ? 
  we must have a slight misunderstanding here . 
  my first question did imply changing of the fixed stats , not the optional . 
  since a lot of us have mixed stats on 4th gear it will be a real pain to update characters for the new reality , and it will be a ten times easier if we could have change all stats and not only the optional . 
  this way we can somehow reroll 3 stats instead of only 1 . 
  damage . 
  it does . 
  yes it does . 
  wow , thanos ' uni is such a cash grab - 3 new uniforms required at first and easiest stages . 
  wow . 
  will any of those changes come to co-op ? 
  fucking open day !, 
  i 'm sick of wrong timings on my damage proc , i 'm sick of fucking evading and bugged beast . 
  last time i 've got 520k , today i ca n't top 460 after 20 tries . 
  like wtf ? 
  why does he keep evading attacks ? 
  fuck this . 
  yes , it stops for me too . 
  anytime between 5 and 15 sec . 
  recommended by whom ? 
  have n't seen one . 
  usually people recommend defensive obelisks with hp or inv procs . 
  there is only 1 problem - jade druid is not fair . 
  all of sw skills are destroying my phone in preview . 
  first time , no other hero does that . 
  2 is especially bad for performance . 
  yes it does . 
  yes . 
  i play every 3-4 hours now , it 's so much better that before . 
  i can now utilize reset timing a lot more since i usually was on my trip to home from work during reset and wasnt using hot time at all . 
  with new system i can play safe after coming home and do not bother about running all the pricey stuff next day during most intensive workhours trying to keep an eye on my inventory , missions , etc. 
  qs is better . 
  do n't think so . 
  2 semi-iframes wo n't stop the frost beast from silencing you . 
  basically , no immune = no abx . 
  sandman should be better . 
  strange first . 
  you need 4 star lvl 20 heroes . 
  20 per stage . 
  yeah , lvl 40 , my bad . 
  yes , another 20 . 
  up to max stage 6 . 
  yes , i 'm sure . 
  you can check your stage in-game on the co-op character select screen . 
  depends . 
  70 + mill for sure . 
  why the missiles are not shot down ? 
  i thought there are a lot of high tech military equipment capable of doing it in sk and japan , mainly american ones .
