  at t1 she 's just bad . 
  even builded fully offensively she ca n't outdps most of the bosses and sl stages due to low defense and lack of invul \\ i-frames , does t2 improve a situation ? 
  proxima \\ corvus first . 
  sugi next . 
  never seen any clears with emaw , but i guess he should be able to do some relays and bosses . 
  i have an unifrom , problem is i do n't know the right rotation . 
  any tips ? 
  for example , against venom boss in sl or easy wb like proxima \\ bd . 
  crit damage \\ crit rate and damage proc . 
  i think any damage proc is good enough . 
  i like glass cannons and i 'd like to master all available characters . 
  and yes , i have the one - anad . 
  yea , that 's ok . 
  that one or any attack set if you like it more . 
  that one with iaag or one time damage . 
  loki 's clones now gain uniform 's buff too even without uniform . 
  and guess what - it works like enchantress ' charm and strange 's timefreeze . 
  but does those immigrants share his views or just want some welfare 's benefits from germoney ? 
  what 's rotation with new ms hawkeye ? 
  black panther , kamala khan , white tigress - all solo . 
  if any of your friends can open 10 man rift i would not expect it will not stay empty for long , plus count in some leachers . 
  there is no good way , only restarting game . 
  anad ( black one ) . 
  5 cancel ( after 1-2 craters ) into 4-2-2 and repeat . 
  obelisk is an okay one , itgb and proc is the best one . 
  sin - not really . 
  nothing great about her , just mediocre . 
  a13 - good leadership , low dps , but she has an invul trick like ws and can clear some low sl stages . 
  sister - she 's good at t2 . 
  not much at t1 . 
  ancient one - yes . 
  hellstorm - fuck yea . 
  jane - not really . 
  ultron - no !, 
  yellow jacket - fuck yea . 
  clea - kinda no and yes . 
  she is good 1vs1 or 1vs2 . 
  cleared 11 lvl rocket with her 18 gears and shitty iso \\ obelisk . 
  but she is hard to level up . 
  thor - uniformed ( unworthy ) and t2 . 
  spiderman - uniformed ( cw ) and t2 . 
  ironman - only for leadership and as wb bonus , not much for himself . 
  you are good enough without kate . 
  level up gwenpool instead . 
  moon knight . 
  attack set . 
  super giant 's 5 . 
  it 's ok , but for him to shine you have to max his dodge first , otherwise he 'll be kicked out too easily . 
  try to find an obelisk with dodge stat included , for me it changed a lot . 
  cap his dodge and get anad uni . 
  she is worth it , but at the same time still fine at t1 . 
  i have mine at t1 and she does the job . 
  wrong rotation ? 
  luke cage even doesnt get any damage with his t2 , that 's really weak . 
  out of those 6 not a single one is worth being t2 , sad !, 
  it 's almost non existent right now or not gon na benefit him at all : i doubt he will clear bd or sl levels like carnage because his damage output is so low . 
  pay or not pay - it does not matter at all . 
  he 's ingame and he 's playable and he 's better . 
  and i 'm not comparing luke to carnage , i 'm talking about physical damage dealing opponents - like world boss black dwarf or shadowlands carnage , level 20 . 
  it 's better to avoid him . 
  i expect from them being decent enough at t2 , not `` sin '' level . 
  and i still do n't get why you are trying to bring up carnage into discussion . 
  i did n't mention him as a hero at all . 
  yep . 
  sl levels like carnage = sl levels with phys attackers . 
  but her t2 is not . 
  5 cancel after 1-2 craters into 4 into 2 into 2 . 
  repeat . 
  satana is easier to farm so she 's faster going to be 20 gears . 
  my t1 satana clears 21 venom solo . 
  those are old guides . 
  they mark skills as you got them : 6 is 6 stars or 6 * etc. 
  but recently nm marked all the skills on the screen from 1-5 , excluding passive 4 star , so most of us right now use it like that . 
  1 : black panther , white tigress . 
  2 : kaecilius , lincoln , wasp for rumble . 
  3 : one of above or wiccan for relay . 
  4-5 : usually it 's universal , so you have plenty : captain marvel , ronan , ghost rider , thor etc. 
  depends on your roster . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  ask reynad for help , he 's good with girls and ranks with his tempo moves . 
  tell that to ironman . 
  buff him . 
  stone 1 . 
  so , your kate is dead and you have t2 elsa . 
  how does it even justify saying she 's like mini-carnage ? 
  you could 've died on like 10k score point and clear the rest with elsa alone . 
  noneless , kate is nano-carnage or less , mini is too good to be true . 
  she 's pretty meh . 
  good dps but no defense . 
  i have trouble clearing with my fully offensive angela any boss stage , but i 've seen people killing 21 venom with ease . 
  overall , you have to forget about defense and fouc on attacking side . 
  my obe on her is 24 +25 % + fire damage 120 % proc , poah . 
  hyperion , odin , hellstorm , corvus - all of them can benefit from having an itgb effect but none of them really would like to have an invincibility added instead of damage . 
  what 's your rotation and iso ? 
  songbird and wiccan are great , white tigress is ok , squirell girl is meh and hulkiling is tier hulkling . 
  i use sb and wiccan at t1 for sl levels < 15 , wt at 1st . 
  i heard sg level is fastest . 
  female relay and supergiant , level 17 + . 
  is it even possible after electra 's rework ?
