  gears - 1-3 is obvious , 4 is scd \\ def.pen mix if not capped by scd or def.pen . 
  crit.damage if you are capped . 
  corvus , then go for supergiant if you need 1 more clear of sl \\ wb \\ great striker . 
  after corvus or sugi odin is your best choice from abx \\ speedfarm standpoint . 
  no , it 's not a must , but very helpfull and can be beneficent for you abx . 
  your obelisk is not good enought for abx , you must have a damage proc . 
  wvw development team will handle it , do n't worry . 
  level of the character . 
  t1 ancient one is good enough . 
  baron mordo can do it ( but it 's hard ) . 
  no , that 's cantha designers . 
  my t1 groot with uni soloed lvl 8 universal relay with 3 star iso-8 and shitty obelisk . 
  at t2 and decent gears i bet he can do somewhat in low teens . 
  also , t1 antman once killed 9 racoons by himself . 
  your list is half decent , half bad . 
  well , half is overstatement for sure , but at least 1 \\ 3 of your list is innacurate or misleading , judging by comments in the thread . 
  add wong , sg , red skull , deathlock with his new t2 , jj . 
  mockingbird with uni is okay for 1v1 boss like antman was for me ( 9 lvl racoon ) , i 've seen a vid somewhere with her dealing enough damage and not dying fast . 
  t2 singularity can beat female relay . 
  and t2 angela can beat venom with almost permanent breaks . 
  also , i think t2 vision is good enough to clear some stages if he can beat i-thanos and other wbs . 
  i think your list if fair if you 'd add `` at t1 '' , because t2 is really a game changer for the most of the characters here . 
  def.pen / lightning damage + damage proc . 
  def.pen / itgb + damage proc . 
  gear up for damage to be able to clear higher sl lvls . 
  iso-8 is any damage set you want , obelisks - with damage procs . 
  ca n't add anything about mk since he 's abx geared for me but i guess recovery \\ def.pen + damage proc is okay . 
  for silk you could use def.pen + proc . 
  mine has a shitty one : itgb + dodge + proc . 
  itgb helps against blast rumbles . 
  it is up to date . 
  a mediocre one : snare resist + irrelevant all def + 120 % damage proc . 
  i use 3-5-4 and 1-2 or 2-1 , depens on the situation . 
  hard to tell , but captain 's is the only one i 've seen mentioned before for falcon . 
  30 stones . 
  rekt . 
  new if uni seems to be just like the black one , but i bet there 's a twist . 
  like skill change or something . 
  fucking doomsayer was right all along . 
  currency ? 
  fast , upgrade your uru to max !, 
  and that 's it , sadly . 
  he 's still bad . 
  rip gold . 
  lmao those heels on new sif 's model . 
  why , nm ? 
  all of them . 
  yes he can , at t2 thor has a 70 % chance to pierce immunity and can deal with universal relay with ease . 
  try to ride a horse or some kind of animal with bare ass like that . 
  you 'll find it pretty interesting expirience . 
  cards and alliance and \\ or gear and \\ or uru and \\ or uniform . 
  check this card guide . 
  yes we can . 
  satana can do venom stage . 
  if you have a character who 's combat potency is greatly improves with an uni ( i.e. 
  elsa ) so go for it . 
  if is an upgrade for sure , for others - ca n't say . 
  and it sucks ass compared to damage proc . 
  how is it even a question ? 
  would will your 5 * hyperion will do ? 
  yes . 
  ingame numbers are helpful too . 
  think of it as a spell - every other class have a basic 0-2 mana spell which deals 2-4 damage , but warrior lacks it . 
  instead he got a weapon for 2 mana and has to pay a health price for using it . 
  so in my opinion it 's fairly balanced across the classes with early game removals and face hitting . 
  t2 mm - yes . 
  t2 destroyer - he can , but it will be a painful one . 
  t1 bp - yes . 
  t1 jane thor - not sure . 
  probably not . 
  pls no uniforms for native t2 . 
  well , that 's a strange case - all characters released in movie-based update got their `` classic '' and an uniform looks but odin \\ dorm and bo is another thing . 
  i do n't think they really need more power right now . 
  also i think mr. dr. sucks without his uni , and can hardly say that about other natives . 
  he 's in the film ? 
  depends . 
  with off it 's easier to time damage procs . 
  well , you did good , son . 
  both things !, 
  why not 0-10 ranking system ? 
  what 's with those 2.5 or 1.5 ? 
  why the ratings are 1-4 and suddenly there is 5 - the top character ? 
  your ranking is slightly off . 
  for combat characters : groot does not need a hp iso , he needs an attack one and possibly dp obelisk for him being somewhat good in sl and wb . 
  kk is speed with uni so ca n't count her an a combat . 
  also , why is she a support ? 
  as support she sucks ass , you know , our howling buddy is miles ahead . 
  luke is b , but sif , wt and hb are c ? 
  you overestimate his t2 in tb and in sl . 
  for kate i 'd say she 's solid 4 overall . 
  she can do everything and do it great , but you have to t2 her and play well . 
  even buck was frosted by unstoppable fuze . 
  how can she be top tier speed with such low dps ? 
  i do n't think she 's on par with elsa \\ kate \\ yondu \\ bw at all . 
  tanky , but lacks damage . 
  actually , for introduction of the 3 new characters and for 5 major dc 's heroes 170 min is might be a little too short . 
  they should 've plan a 2-part film , or some things will be cut or speed up too much and the result will be a squad-2 . 
  there are as many opinions as there are people . 
  you forgot about murlock knight , he 's 4/3/4 + inspire effect . 
  so , he is 6 mana now , right ?
