  really bad one !, 
  but bd 's attacks ca n't slow her so she runs away from spin-to-win attacks easy enough . 
  invul could help too if shields are off . 
  you should learn about bd 's rotations to avoid getting stuck in spins . 
  check out this post : https://www.reddit.com/r/future_fight/comments/53du4g/korean_future_fight_data_translation/d7shl5y, 
  kingpin is ok with uni . 
  he can clear 6 ( 5 ) \\ 7 with t1 team and t1 strikers ( but you have to have those strikers ) . 
  spidey is meh . 
  not a good choice for wb/sl at t1 , slightly better at t2 . 
  keep in mind upcoming update , you may want to save some crystals for new uniforms . 
  with loki you do n't need to switch , she 's capable of dealing with bosses solo . 
  also you could try to use an emulators like bluestacks to reduce lag . 
  those are much much better than 1 , 2 , 5 or 7 . 
  his 3 * skill gives him 2s immunity to all damage , and you can cancel it right after casting and just spam 3-1 , 3-2 , 3-5 , 3-6 ; he 's basically immune to all damage all the time . 
  this plus 10 % boost to stats from uni makes him very useful against blast relays , i 've managed to clear up to 14 just by him with 16 gears and 6 iso-8 . 
  i find those not so useful as mine listed . 
  yes , he can solo a floor , but mine uniforms are good not only for sl , unlike ronan 's . 
  he 's pretty useless outside that 1 universal stage , just `` good for leadership '' at all other places . 
  and for leadership you do need any uniforms . 
  bw ( cw ) can solo speed ab , groot solos the same relay and used everywhere else , ws ( cap ) is much like bw . 
  so in my rating ronan 's uniform is way lower . 
  just press the skill and immediately press another one . 
  try yourself ingame in the preview mode , you should see uniform activation in top left corner of the screen . 
  you will no longer be able to tap 2 skill buttons at the same time . 
  ws and a13 . 
  sad day to me , -2 sl clears . 
  not really . 
  a13 - probably yes , ws - no , you have to almost immediatly press second one . 
  it 's the last one with desmond 's story , so i 'd say you have to play it once . 
  plus dlc campaing is good enough . 
  what 's the best t2, 
  it has nothing to do with your location , for example i 'm playing with koreans all the time and i 'm in moscow , russia . 
   11/16 07:00 am ~ 12/18 06:59 am pst, 
  there is something wrong here . 
  huh . 
  i 'm clearing up to 20 lvl ( because of small roster ) with alliance levels 14-17 ( we are leveling up yo ) , never heard before that bonuses doesnt work up to level 24 . 
  til . 
  gratz man . 
  t2 hellstorm is way better than any of new t2 . 
  any , since almost all the damage is dealt by clones . 
  hello 1 % !, 
  pics or did n't happen . 
  i 've had shit like this in 5.1 too . 
  but only twice and both times on oregon . 
  restarting the game solved the problem , so it 's clearly not a driver related issue . 
  nm giving free t2 ticket just for playing the game and yet people are bitching about `` paywalled '' mega-t2 . 
  easy games ? 
  yeah , you wish . 
  i do n't know about you , but in casual last ~ 50 games or so i was matched with \\ against plat and diamond rank players , so it 's almost like no difference for me what mode i am playing in terms of difficulty . 
  and most of the times those players do not want to play cheese games , they wa n't to pilage and burn . 
  no , remember last holiday , halloween . 
  they did n't and they will not . 
  i 've cleared lvl 16 gamora + ronan + mobs with her solo ( but with team up bonuses with lvl 1 odin and starlord ( ! ), 
  leadership ) . 
  at t1 she is 4 stars indeed - dps is very low , and if charm doesnt proc - sad times are coming . 
  it took me almost 2.40 to complete , and twice i 've failed because ronan feared me to death with charm resist . 
  for curios , specs of my ench - 4 gear all cd , obelisk - crit . 
  dmg +25 , dpen + 14 , 110 % dmg proc \\ 10s . 
  hawkeye iso with 4-6 star iso-8 . 
  so yeah , i think her rating is fair enough . 
  for shadowlands only . 
  what heroes are rated not right in your opinion ? 
  sure , i 'd rate her not 4 but 6 stars ( overall ) myself at t1 and solid bo level at t2 . 
  is sl 16 lvl low ? 
  lvl 16 loki stand undefeated , for example , i didnt have enough dps to kill her , her shields and mobs . 
  well , wb , tl and ab - she can faceroll it with no prob . 
  but !, 
  wb is about strikers , tl is about dr. 
  strange , and ab is pretty easy with almost every blast character who can put enough dps . 
  amora at t1 can , but barely . 
  her kit is not that good , moves are slow and soft . 
  she is great 1v1 , and i 'll t2 her today ( i hope ) , but at t1 she is not that great . 
  for me both t1 silk and if are the same - bad leadership , nice unis , can clear different floors no overlaping each other . 
  at t2 i think silk is better or i 'm just ca n't play if properly . 
  songbird is that low because there are better blast characters and heroes available . 
  that 's it . 
  why ? 
  loki can clear all stages you want him to clear . 
  same as bo . 
  disagree , check the discussion itt . 
  buy him uni and t2 him , he will . 
  why ? 
  is n't 4 star rank means already `` can do '' ? 
  dps is pretty low compared to hb . 
  pretty meh t2 doesnt help also . 
  because he 's universal villain with not that great leadership . 
  strange and odin just better at clearing sl than thanos , he 's not that low at # 2 . 
  author is explaining his methods of rating characters but i did n't understand a thing from translation . 
  you can try it yourself . 
  12-7 is surtur , so no hellstorm and ghost rider . 
  and t2 captain marvel should do more dps than ancient one . 
  and why would you ever need his leadership for someone besides thanos himself ? 
  any uniform is improving character significantly just with the stats boost . 
  from your list i 'd pick :, 
  black widow civil war, 
  quake agents of shield ( only if you are really using her ), 
  ancient one, 
  other - wasp is great for tl \\ bw , spi-doc is a must for him being somewhat good for early sl , malekith is great for sl , bb is must for his use . 
  ca n't say anything about bp . 
  but they are so-so compared to those 4 in my list .
