  strength of the heroes with and without uniforms . 
  what ? 
  every one of your heroes can solo him ( although wasp has a very low dps ) . 
  strange and carnage just roflstomp him with no problems . 
  do n't know about automode - probably there is no hero right now who could do it . 
  t1 - scd set or any defensive like stark . 
  t2 - any attack set ( overdrive is the best ) . 
  great job again . 
  any tips about corvus beating loki ( btw in your roster corvus is 5 \\ 5 , but in video he 's clearly 6 \\ 6 \\ 58 ) ? 
  i guess rotation is 5 into 2 and keep the clones all time ? 
  2-1-5-4 and 3 if you will , repeat . 
  always start with the charm and maintain shield . 
  black panther , moonknight . 
  or is it villains only ? 
  do n't remember it well . 
  i guees it is jane . 
  t2 makes her viable . 
  if not specified in notes , than not . 
  there are 2 `` amazing spiderman '' cards - # 533 and # 535 . 
  which one is the best ? 
  there are 2 `` amazing spiderman '' cards - # 533 and # 535 . 
  which one is the best ? 
  well , man , you 'd better check it out yourself cuz he 's saying it clear : amazing spiderman is top tier card out there and he 's using it himself in his build . 
  oh , thank you then . 
  attack set . 
  any , depends on your cards . 
  you have to had a lot of def.pen to do it . 
  let 's see . 
  insane cards ( ~ 40 all atck , 15 dpen , 31 scd ) . 
  check . 
  t2 ww and daisy . 
  check . 
  great strikers . 
  check . 
  with those any hero can beat ithanos so fast . 
  this particular video shows nothing of bullseye 's dps and his skill , it shows the power of all above . 
  i bet almost all of your clears are solo - are team-up bonuses were that helpful ? 
  found one after 10 mins of searching . 
  it is a level 28 open for all alliance , multi language one with a grey shield emblem . 
  glad i could help !, 
  for tl \\ bw : wasp ( also good in sl ) . 
  for sl : hellstorm ( good at t1 also , but amazing at t2 ) , yellowjacket ( good at t1 , t2 is just a great boost in damage ) , thor ( unworthy uni is recommended ) . 
  sister grimm is good , but not that much . 
  blackbolt is good at t2 . 
  1 gear : en atck by lvl + all atck \\ en attack . 
  2 gear : phys def by lvl + all def . 
  3 gear : hp by lvl + hp, 
  4 gear : scd . 
  5 gear : recovery 48.7 % snare resist 120 % dmg boost . 
  all skils are 3 lvl except 3rd skill which is 6 . 
  amazing review !, 
  those gifs with a skill previews are neat . 
  too bad nebula is not so great in comparison . 
  in my opinion she 's just bad . 
  her dps is so low even with a leadership and against speed chars she punches like a baby . 
  watched your sl25 video and saw the numbers - too low for an uniformed t2 with the best leader and team up . 
  yes , she ( and you ) did the job , and that 's a plus , but overall not that big of a deal and that 's why i ca n't agree with your conclusion - i think she is not worth to be in any roster if there is any alternative available , and there are plenty . 
  is there a bug with t2 bonuses ? 
  my sr 's t2 does not work in wbi at all . 
  no icons in the corner , no boosts , nothing . 
  and it was like that for a several days at least with couple of other chars ( 1-2 i think ) . 
  yeah , even before a fight starts . 
  even before all players are loaded . 
  nice mechanic . 
  she 's so worth it . 
  at t2 she destroys bosses and relays in sl . 
  her burst dps with damage proc is insane . 
  supergiant is on proxima 's level . 
  and he played equality before rat - he 's just bad af . 
  or it 's a bot . 
  so , who is the best in speed xab ? 
  it 's the only ab i 've never passed more than 80k . 
  mine speeds are t2 elsa , t2 gwenpool and t2 silk . 
  i heard people are praising bw and yondu , should i focus on one of them ? 
  or i 'm just bad and should stick to elsa and learn a few tricks ? 
  i find it hard for mordo to solo those rumbles . 
  venom and doc often control you to death with no possible way to break out . 
  perhaps an invul obelisk would help , otherwise i 'd suggest to use him in boss stages or relays . 
  thanks . 
  i guess all your heroes are t2 , right ? 
  and without t2 bw it 's almost impossible to reach high score ? 
  yeah , this week i 've used ao on 15 + floor , and my low gear wasp on 2nd instead . 
  mordo was brutally murdered several times by venom and i gave up . 
  warmachine has stun if uniformed , so he 's indeed can make a difference . 
  im - not much ( uni or not - not that different ) , just a body to fear \\ stun around . 
  or two , if no uniforms are available . 
  but nonetheless mordo is a waste on stage 2 . 
  try at least villain 5 + with him . 
  or malekith ~ 17 . 
  as i said before , i 've used low gears wasp . 
  it was as easy as ancient one . 
  next time i 'll try lincoln campbell . 
  he 's amazing in every gamemode and the best character for universal villain abx . 
  you are doing something wrong . 
  in my turn i 'd say sharon is better than yj at t2 : her boosts are much more powerful and will make her top tier without a question , who can compete with all other characters in game , while yj will deal more damage and that 's it . 
  hulkbuster or kamala . 
  she can clear floor 1 , hb can be usable up to level 8-10 . 
  shang chi , hulkbuster , black panther , sif , kingpin . 
  he used to deal drugs , now he have to get used to aftermath . 
  i 've seen several comments and videos about t2 angela being good , but how good ?
