  did they broke something ? 
  out of 70 + attempts to beat rumble level 2 and relay level 3 ( usually it took 1 try in weeks before ) i 've managed to see cap 4 times and hulk once . 
  oneshoted by blade 's attack - around 20 times . 
  not managing to capture enemys at the same time - more than once every try . 
  saw them walking over my sphere several times , charging through and running out of it at least 5 times . 
  i do n't understand how and why is it happens . 
  at t1 ? 
  i think no . 
  maybe low level boss ( ~ 10 ) . 
  with uniform and team-ups and \\ or phys immune lead . 
  elsa was better even with old uni , and she 's still better than kate . 
  new uni just buffed her even more . 
  5 sec invul at t2 is way better than just i-frames . 
  it 's great and very useful . 
  poah or he or od . 
  i 'm not capped with scd , so scd and def.pen is mixed on my 4th gear . 
  itgb + def.pen . + damage proc . 
  she 's good in every gamemode she 's able to do . 
  but i find her lack of invincibilty is not for my gamestyle and sometimes it is hard to me stay out of damage . 
  i 've managed to defeat all wbs ( even bd , i-thanos is pretty easy with her dps ) , ab and sl floor . 
  but not abx - iso-8 are only 5-6 star and my cards really suck . 
  max i 've got is around 90k . 
  rotation is 3-5-4 . 
  wbs , ab , abx - phys lead and 1 fodder for bonuses . 
  sl - mostly solo . 
  look above . 
  1v1 boss , energy reflect relays . 
  female relay . 
  never used her higher . 
  permastun are amazing , but you can fail if you do not stun both relay targets due to lack of invincibility . 
  none . 
  8 \\ 10 , no invincibility , lame leadership . 
  abandon your hopes . 
  it was a `` pay 1000 $ and get an uni '' promotion . 
  not available now . 
  pretty rare , but ms. marvel uni is almost identical . 
  you had to buy chests to get pieces to fuse them together to get even more pieces and unlock uniform . 
  pure paywall shit . 
  check this out of try fo use search in the old sub . 
  innovation award no man 's sky - hello games, 
  i get why the idea of the game is great , really do . 
  but execution of that idea is so horrible that i do not believe it deserves any awards for that . 
  you just ca n't say one thing and do the other while getting awarded for the first . 
  operation : amiens , second sector . 
  as defender - always destroy walls and windows ( it also destroys rooftop ) from cannon \\ tank on the 2nd and 1st floors on a and on the other side of the road near b. 
  this way you can take out attackers near railroad on b and cappers on a from the other side ( basically , from spawn ) . 
  1 support and \\ or 1 sniper could stop full team from pushing from this side and take out anyone from the flag room . 
  kate . 
  carnage , enchantress . 
  you are trying to log in . 
  he \\ she is good enough at t1 . 
  wow , he even deleted all of his posts about 3.0.0 and 2.9.5 mix up . 
  so impulsive , him leaving a mod team is for the best for sure . 
  it 's an okay obelisk but strange needs an itgb effect for abx !, 
  there are no such guides . 
  usually people just reroll and hope for the best . 
  yes . 
  try starting with 2 skill ( it 's an i-frame ) following by 4 , than 2-5-3 and repeat . 
  this rotation works for venom , i think it should for loki too . 
  iaag . 
  at t2 and with an uni ( unworthy ) you should consider pure attack set if you can play him well . 
  for any day but corvus : personally i use proxima-corvus-sugi for pure damage capabilites and for much needed for i-thanos move speed bonus and sr-dr . strange for damage and timefreeze . 
  for corvus : 4-5 dodge ignore and dr.strange . 
  timefreeze is so good you ca n't ignore it at all . 
  properly played ds can do it alone . 
  team up bonuses are for speeding things up . 
  t2 wasp is not needed . 
  master your rotation and it 'll be easy . 
  besides damage proc ? 
  probably yes . 
  but sometimes not being stunned \\ feared \\ broken is more beneficial for damage dealing than raw crit or def pen . 
  so it all comes to the modes and characters you are referring to . 
  ha-ha , suez or sinai ? 
  fucking fao - there is the problem with the last sector . 
  there is no route to great flank , and defenders still spawn in the keep when 1 or 2 points contested . 
  flanking b on suez near rails is easy as it gets , and defending c on sinai is piece of cake with the tank . 
  but what good will tank do in fucking fortress ? 
  big steamy pile of shit sometimes ca n't even get to the b - nade spam are so hard you ca n't see shit through gas , flames and explosions . 
  they should move spawn point for defenders in the keep far more back , like on the other maps , or it will continue to be a nade-zerg shitshow . 
  daisy already was a pain in the ass in the rumble , what now ? 
  time to ignore those stages i guess . 
  wish there is a way to relocate hot timer by your will . 
  i got one hot time at 4-7 pm while at work , and second one is 4-7 am - totally wasted . 
  5 - 3 cancel into 2 . 
  repeat 3-2 until 5 is off cd . 
  again . 
  that 3 * iso though . 
  actually , your remarks about her low dps is made me worried : you 've got an insane damage proc obelisk , all skills 6 lvl , full uru ( nvm level 3 , still full ) and 6 * iso-8 overdrive . 
  and still average damage ouput ? 
  i guess with no uru , no 200 % damage proc and with low lvl skills \\ iso she is garbage , right ? 
  master strange 's rotation . 
  he 's almost 100 % invincible with the right one and can beat odin with ease . 
  if you can beat sl 25 \\ 25 it 's 1 month max . 
  have you seen screenshots of 2 supports throwing each other an ammo packs entire match and getting 1 and 2 place with 0-1 \\ 0-2 ? 
  they did nothing in the game , but i assure you , one of them is mvp for best support and best ammo supplyer . 
  and there is a lot of ways to grief system like that . 
  before implementing something like packs for mvp dice should redesign mvp system a bit . 
  oneshot him twice . 
  iso - damage , i prefer he since i 'm not scd capped without it . 
  obelisk - itgb , def.pen , damage proc .
