  in sc it 's too easy to spot shit like that and run away . 
  plus aiming and spotting is harder overall . 
  again , big difference , the only map is the map on the main menu , and it really helps sometimes , and sometimes i just got killed watching it . 
  playing with it is so easy to spot enemy . 
  not fun at all . 
  minimalstic interface . 
  no ammo , no hp , no nothing . 
  count your shots , bro . 
  no killcam . 
  low hp . 
  oneshot with .308 , 3-4 shots from carbines and rifles , lmg are good and shotguns are very good . 
  more realistic to kill people like that and not spraying bullets . 
  less hackers to play with \\ against . 
  7 ... n - you name it . 
  no autoheal , no spawn everywhere , etc. 
  cons :, 
  less playbase and not so many servers . 
  you are legend now , man , there is a card made specially for you . 
  do n't let the bad things and messages overwhelm you . 
  wish you the best !, 
  `` foward '' , huh . 
  tl : dr for those who did n't read the article :, 
  putin says nothing at all , his critic says that and other stupid things . 
  op is being op as usual . 
  damn , those tank are not messing around with friendly fire . 
  thanks for pitching in !, 
  played in beta , but right now can not allow yself to buy with full price . 
  can someone with 2 keys send me them via pm ? 
  greatly appreciate it , thanks in advance . 
  ca n't find any in this thread , all taken . 
  well , i 'm from russia , and it 's a lot of money right now . 
  she can counter pulse . 
  kinda . 
  you can find his active device by using yours and shot him through the wall first or warn your team about his whereabouts . 
  not really . 
  he 's probably ne druid , judjing by that moonglade point . 
  stellaris ? 
  9 of may is a little bit closer than 13 of june . 
  implying communist rule was not a dictatorship . 
  new wow expansion - no doubts about it . 
  there is always a new addon coming . 
  new diablo project , not just expansion - a lot of info can be found about new project in the universe of diablo , not a new addon . 
  hearthstone , overwatch , heroes of the storm - no so big news , some maps , heroes , adventures . 
  possibly due to improvments to tickrate . 
  right now it 's 20 ( which is very bad ) and up to 60 in custom games , but custom games are crashing almost every time with 60 tick . 
  i doubt we will see any good competitive gaming with only 20 tickrate servers to play on . 
  there will be control meta they said . 
  look at all those good cards they said . 
  much cthun such nzoth very yogg wow yazaszatrzz . 
  turn 6 lethal and `` greetings traveler '' he said . 
  fuck ^ this ^ shit . 
  gw2wvw.net is a saltmine , and a part-time forum . 
  fixed that for you . 
  reyand and ekop in one group ? 
  that 's some quality trolling here . 
  ant-man and ww . 
  try to log in in the game , then check ps again . 
  it worked for me that way . 
  but still there is a maintance going on . 
  tip : loki 's shield or clones break am 's animation , for example . 
  almost all similar skills do that . 
  after that he 's an easy target . 
  600 years ? 
  2200 + 600 = 2800 , right ? 
  gz bro , thanks for the packs !, 
  none of them are good enough , but out of 4 i 'd say red skull . 
  the best combat villain for abx is carnage . 
  combat for vb - groot , moonknight , iron fist . 
  speed for vb - ant-man , red skull , black widow , elsa . 
  all t2 , of course . 
  sg since her skills and t2 are better than yj . 
  no it wo n't . 
  use the guide section of the subreddit . 
  yes , mine mk has one and i clear all that i want to clear even with stark baking . 
  use it on hellstorm , since he is a better character that gr . 
  this ? 
  i bet shot in the horns counts as headshot . 
  yes . 
  bold star = t1 ( or t2 if only t2 is available ) , empty star = progression from t1 to t2 . 
  3-star at t1 and +3 ( 6 combined ) stars at t2 . 
  it 's a crowd control skills , as you may noticed . 
  comes in handy in tl \\ bw . 
  she is n't better than sg , because of her leadership she is more versatile . 
  i guess she is good at high floors in sl not just as a leader , but as a playable character as well . 
  her t2 allows more team setups to be played overall , like solo-duo some floors . 
  i 'll try to dig up some info later . 
  no mention of wb or other modes at all . 
  even in the name of the guide \uc100\ub3c4\uc6b0\ub79c\ub4dc \uc804\ub7b5\uc138\uc6b0\uae30\uc6a9 - for shadowland strategy development . 
  iron fist , black widow for current roster . 
  black one for if and civil war for bw . 
  overall there are too many good characters to pick , you can check some of the guides about wb \\ sl . 
  speed - silk . 
  she is great in both wb and sl even at t1 . 
  combat - well , you do have if and carnage , so just farm if and he 'll net you another win . 
  blast - yellojacket . 
  mine is t1 and clears 6 \\ 7 with good strikers ( both t1 and t2 ) . 
  hype lead and loki or sharon should be an easy win . 
  max out your characters ( 6 \\ 6 \\ ~ 20 ) and important skills , like shield and summons for loki . 
  and then just spam shield + clones and run in circles . 
  mine loki has obe with stats something like +30 % cold dmg ; immune to slowing effects ; recovery +8 % if hp < 50 % .
