  improve your rotation . 
  i used 1-2-4-5-3 for 8 relay last week . 
  but my iso set is dde , which may or may not be a deciding factor . 
  i wonder how people survive spikes of meteor + beast damage without an invul obelisk . 
  for me it procs 1-3 times in every abx i use strange for . 
  yes . 
  wasp for tl . 
  hellstorm for abx and overall bonuses . 
  bb for him to became viable ( he 's similar to elsa 's t2 , it 's the only thing that helps him to git gud ) . 
  yj only for more dps . 
  you had troubles with typing your ign ? 
  so , 4k crystals just to unlock him ? 
  30 t2 and ca n't clear 12-8 ? 
  something 's not quite right . 
  bruh , ms marvel is not a speed . 
  huh , i didnt expect that uni change . 
  yes , he can . 
  both t1 and t2 . 
  unifromed and not . 
  how good is odin for hero abx ? 
  is he better than hellstorm ? 
  if yes , what team is required for him to be able to clear it and earn some points ? 
  are you jaden smith ? 
  go for strange . 
  dormie is an universal villain with unknown capacity , while strange is blast hero and the star in abx . 
  her damage is way low to be speed mk . 
  i 'd say thanos : he has better leadership , he is way easier to unlock and his kit seems to be better . 
  if it 's the only new stuff that 's coming our way with the new year i think `` moving cards to wild '' is equal to `` deleting cards from the game '' since no love for wild format is shown at all in the article . 
  standard that , standard those . 
  no wild changes , no arena , nothing . 
  5-2-3-1-2 repeat worked well for sl . 
  dunno about wb . 
  what 's the best emulator on pc ? 
  it 's worth it . 
  the proc can stack , and changed skill ( s ) are better for modes like sl . 
  lincoln is my solo clear for combat rumbles or relays up to level 5 ( never used him higher ) . 
  rotation is 4-5-3-2-1 , iso is shitty attack one with 6 isos , obe - 20 % lightning dmg , 10 % def pen and irrelevant recovery proc . 
  phil sucks though . 
  i got nox and while it 's faster than bluestacks i still have no idea where does it store my apps . 
  in blue it was in main folder , but nox does n't have anything like that . 
  so question is - where ? 
  it 's not just the damage , he can be fucking immune to it . 
  i know he has a shield , but my t2 carnage eats his shield in 2 hits , today it took like 7 seconds . 
  and after that fucking boss swings his axe and fucking deals 25k out of my 27k . 
  why you even lift , bro , you are strongest already . 
  she can clear some blast relays . 
  but it is too hard to justify her t2 . 
  you keep saying that you do not care about ab - you do not play this mode at all or simply do not play over 100k abx ? 
  check this guide :, 
  bb 's uni is great and improve him a little . 
  kamala 's just sucks , it makes her speed , and why do you even need her to be speed ? 
  there are a lot more better speed characters . 
  ca n't say about inferno , but here 's my opinion about others :, 
  clea is decent . 
  yes she can do some sl levels ( i did like 15 or 17 ) , but it 's not worth it . 
  wbs - meh , too slow . 
  hyperion is good . 
  i cleared with him 6 \\ 7 wb and level 16 if boss in sl at t2 , slightly lower at t1 . 
  i heard people did better , even i-thanos and higher floors , but i find him too slow to my playstyle and did n't bother trying . 
  ironheart is great . 
  with offensive iso and obe she invincible and deals nice damage , can kill anything you want . 
  t2 makes her even better . 
  but ... but muh gold and rewards ?!, 
  you do level up all those non meta characters and do not want more gold and iso 's ? 
  also i find it interesting that you killed thanos so fast , but could n't beat bd or cg . 
  blast male and free day , right ? 
  i guess it leaves us to a-force characters and such . 
  female hulk ? 
  good for abx . 
  technically it 's a combat day , not a combat villain day . 
  but yeah , not so much fun is going on compared to sl . 
  there is a post with translated info about wb rotations , it may help . 
   mods decided that memes are allowed and not allowed at the same time, 
  so , does it make this post a * low-effort * one ? ^ please ^ do n't ^ ban ^ me, 
  her kit is broken , and she has a useless t2 . 
  while she is playable , ih is way better with constant invincibility and t2 heals . 
  offensive iso , offensive obelisk : damage proc + defpen or else . 
  it 's better . 
  faster skills , more damage . 
  wt : offensive iso ( i got he ) , same for obelisk ( mine is damage proc and crit chance , really shitty one ) . 
  rotation for sl is 3-5-4-2-1 . 
  same for kaecilius . 
  ca n't tell you exact rotation since i have n't used him for a while but he can solo rumbles and relays . 
  i did floors 2-4 usually . 
  itgb does not seem to be priority number 1 for his skills . 
  damage proc is a must for all characters to compete in abx or sl . 
  if you do not plan to use him in those modes - play whatever you want . 
  usually i do cancel it . 
  did they broke something with rhulk rumble or lincoln ? 
  i 've been able to clear sl stage 2 with lincoln for several weeks witn no sweat in 1 try , but today i 've failed 25 times already : orb 's missing 1-2 targets , permastuns , fear , orb 's casting in strange places etc. 
  no consistency at all . 
  yeah , i know . 
  after a few more tries i gave up and tried lincoln in relay . 
  same results . 
  i guess it 's something with his kit . 
  you should , he 's great to have overall . 
  it is good still , but somehow ai always runs from my orb and puches me in the face . 
  or orb does not stun 2 targets , only one . 
  i wish there was somenone else who could give us some info . 
  so i repeat my question - does lincoln suck now ?
