  my guilraid is pretty small nowadays ( 15 max ) so we run in 3-4-5 groups , and each one must contain at least 1 guardian and warrior , so sometimes it 's just 4 man . 
  it 's old , do n't alt + tab from fullscreen apps . 
  i have shit like that every time i alt + tab from sc2 or gw2 . 
  it even allowed me to win that game !, 
  i can . 
  it just bugs sometimes with texture overwriting , it happens only on nvidia cards and mostly with blizzard games . 
  i recall times when exactly the same happened in world of warcraft back to 2010 . 
  two of my friends got the same bug in hs with fast alt-tabbing . 
  the problem is not the naxx itself , the problem is the time it takes to deliver an expansion like that . 
  shiny animations , funny sounds and interactions - it is good , but people wants cards from that damn card game . 
  that method is too slow . 
  i do n't care what kel ` thuzad have to say about mexxna , faerlina or my mom , i want new cards to fight agains cancer miracle or zoo . 
  or to buff them , but i want them faster than in 1 year from now . 
  even 1-2 cards per month is better than 15 in year but once . 
  game wo n't be stagnant and boring for 90 % of the time . 
  so he is basically like any nolife gaming teen or student or other kind of geek , called hikki or something similar . 
  like me 5 years ago . 
  1 week ago i thought zoo deck will get punished hard with those new cards . 
  1 hour ago i burned my house after 15 zoo in a row . 
  what the fuck blizz ? 
  the only playstyle now is zoo and anti-zoo , play something else - get rekt by zoo , play zoo - get rekt by zoo or anti-zoo . 
  play anti zoo - pwn some zoo and get rekt by some weird shaman scum . 
  nicely done !, 
  release this naxx shit fully now !, 
  sylvanas - mc for 6 . 
  it almost looks like us has sanctioned eu instead . 
  dear glorious leader , we missed you !, 
  oh , wrong sub . 
  trap will broke the game if there is wo n't be any diminishing returns or `` 1-time use on any siege , after that it become immune to the trap '' type things . 
  blue one for gold is fine , new should be rank/badge/gold , not 300 gold each . 
  commander must understand how the game works and how to lead people , so he should have a truckloads of badges and be a high ranked wvw player ( well , or somewhat decent , like 300-400 ) . 
  not that high , not that low . 
  new icons for wvw guys , right ? 
  so no problem here for me or for most people i play with . 
  400 rank , 2k badges and 50 gold - here , take it right now . 
  300 gold ? 
  not gon na happen . 
   area-of-effect revive skills no longer revive npcs from dead . 
  ( wvw only ) . 
  thanks god !, 
  no more banner ress trains for hours . 
  half of the people will not be happy about it . 
  other half will . 
  that 's how the civil wars have started in the past . 
  good thing that is impossible today . 
  wonder what those 45 % will do about it . 
  like raging worgen . 
  `` whosoever holds this hammer , if he be worthy , shall possess the power of thor . '', 
  so cap is worthy . 
  not a surprise . 
  there are others who would/could wield it also : ( spoilers ) :, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mjolnir_ ( comics ), 
  nice . 
  next item should give minor stats boosts , coz why not ? 
  those boosts are good enough to make a gobbler a must have item . 
  inb4 premium subscription . 
  card draw is very low . 
  wow , it must be a cool mask after that ls episode !, 
  * clicks *, 
  oh right ... 
  change your name from reynad to something else . 
  time to make a wish . 
  many jackie chan 's main heroes of his movies are called either chan or jackie . 
  armour of the god , police story , etc. 
  webspinner could 've been on ze rulez for 0 attack - heal to the 3 for 1 turn more to live instead . 
  bag-fit - equip an outfit to make your character look like a bag with vegetables . 
  with face . 
  sounds like `` you should never swap weapons , only 1 complect is allowed !, 
  what , you are an elementalist ? 
  only 1 attunement for you , get rekt lol . '' . 
  yeah , choose 1 spec and if you are not happy go level a new toon . 
  get him a new gear , ascended , of course . 
  buy some shit from gemstore also , like bags . 
  nice try , gamestore manager , we 'll pass . 
  why the fuck the rage thread was delayed ? 
  i forgot all the shit that happened to me !, 
  bring out your dead - yeah , phrase of my dreams and nightmares !, 
  no dead ? 
  here , have this gnome !, 
  or spider !, 
  or another gnome !, 
  so here i was , sitting at 25 health against a 4 health inferno-lord jaraxxus with 1 molten giant at the board at his side , and fucking flood of shit at mine . 
  easy win i thought !, 
  fuck no !, 
  po+po+soulfire+soulfire and hellfire to finish me off !, 
  that shit was so fucking surprising so i didnt even mad right now !, 
  i mad because next game was a rematch and that fucker killed me again but with dark bomb instead of hellfire !, 
  you know what ? 
  my anus can cast hellfire now without any mana cost !, 
  taxi . 
  time to mix new skins with the good old dragon 's jade weapons . 
  wow . 
  wish i will look like this in 52 . 
  present maps are huge too , but large portions of it are not used for anything : skritt and centaur area , jp , citadel area , middle ruins . 
  most fights are going on near the objects or between bottom towers , on that small piece of land . 
  so no hype or hope until test fights and proper exploration . 
  it 's the only mod i play . 
  no 3rd-person view . 
  it 's a huge deal on vehincles vs c4 . 
  like how are you supposed to know if you are being jeepstuffed while shooting tank in front of you ?
