i 'm french , can you teach me how to do it because that does n't seems true outside of the made-up realities by political figures ? 
  ahah you 're so dumb . 
  summon all the reresentatives at versailles is normal . 
  senate + national assembly = congress at versailles . 
  holland and sarkozy did that too . 
  that was ironic and a reference to the antisemit distrust of jews during this era ( and still kinda present nowadays ) . 
  maybe it 's gone too far . 
  do n't trust jews , for all we know they could have sided with the germans . 
  maybe because it 's translated i ca n't recall the movie ( i am french ) . 
  what is it ? 
  time to post this very interesting youtube channel who simulates war ( without nukes or allies ) between current countries : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcgahi38bfm, 
  harder on the physic black market , easier for the dark web . 
  it 's really useful for not giving money to homeless junkie though . 
  you have no cash so you do n't get coins so you ca n't have middle class guilt . 
  that 's like the times 100 . 
  it 's now a honor to be mentionned in it but it 's just about the most influential people in the world , not a popularity contest . 
  evil warmongers dictators ( assad , kim jung un ... ) have more influence than a pacific prime minister in a small country of europe . 
  hmmm ... we 're there with a bigger army and more projection in the world . 
  in usa maybe . 
  in europe circumcision is mostly for religious reason ( jewish and muslim ) . 
   e-sports capital of the world . 
  south korea would disagree with that . 
  oh yes totally . 
  i get your point . 
  eu rules forbid us to make a separate trade deal outside of the eu . 
  i 'm not sure however about the extent of our economic dependency of uk . 
  i rarely see goods from uk in supermarket but i think , considering our location , france is your main trading partner of the eu . 
  i do n't think eu want to make a point that much because you were n't a full member anyway , it even be a good thing for eu ( eu push for more integration and uk is the country who keep saying no to that , for legitimate reasons but that 's not the point ) . 
  if you were a full member , they would want to make a point and scare countries however . 
  trade deal is indeed for the economic interests of everyone involved . 
  inside my head it was coherent . 
  let me rephrase it : '' i agree eu has more to offer than just a trade deal and it would really have threatened us if you had euro and such ... 
  in this case , i think you can and you will get a trade deal and eu could have done worse ( no trade deal = hard brexit ) than that but it would be less beneficial than a full member , and you should n't consider getting less than a full member like a hard brexit or holding you at an economic gunpoint . '', 
  sorry for the misunderstanding , as you guessed , english is not my native language . 
  to be fair , we 're not that threatened because uk was never a full member of the eu . 
  it would have been a lot worse for enyone if you had euro or be inside schengen agreement . 
  you could have a trade deal but it will be logically less beneficial than being a full member . 
  a real hard brexit would have been no trade deal at all ( means you 'd get less from eu than no members like norway or switzerland ) . 
  if there is no bad consequence for leaving , why stay ? 
  states agreed to loose some of their power to brussels and they would gladly have it back if it means no economic hit whatsoever . 
  we have the same problem in france . 
  a lot of people claim to understand english because there is sometime a lot of shaming for people who can only speak french . 
  our own prime minister , somewhat ten years ago , when asked to speak something in english about a eu referendum , said [ that ! ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=julmkvvfyda ) . 
  he rather said that in the most broken english i ever listened than recognized he does n't speak a word of english . 
  that 's still impressive because i ca n't speak a bit of french quebec and even some dialects in mainland france . 
  eu do n't force anyone to be in . 
  but if you want benefits from it , you have some requirements . 
  england just want a brexit where they have benefits only . 
  you want to leave fine , but we can put customs duty like for any other foreign country . 
  why not ? 
  i think you 're the ones who put eu '' at gunpoint '' by threatening to leave every time we wanted to reinforce the union and then finally leave for whatever reasons . 
  if you think eu is only an economic union , you should never have join . 
  if you think tou can reap benefits of the union without being part of it , you 're just delusional . 
  carolingian empire 2.0, 
  it 's really not in our mutual interests . 
  when you abide to a trade union , you have mandatory things to do , just to make sure the concurrence is loyal . 
  that means , we must have similar norms and no discrimination between native companies/goods and eu companies/goods ( subsides , laws required , controls ... ) . 
  as an island , you 're far more dependant of imported goods than us but it 's really not in eu interest to let you leave without any consequence . 
  for uk politicians it is . 
  france spend more than germany for the army so i 'm not sure germany will be the one who fund it . 
  that 's also why first past the post system suck, 
  the whole `` elits against people '' is almost as simplist and dumb than the radical islam point of view `` muslims against western societies '' . 
  having the legitimity by winning two democratic elections is truly a gamechanger . 
  the left-wing of ps rebelled under hollande because they have the feeling that they betrayed their electors ( not entirely false ) , this time it 's in the program so if people choose em as a majority , he can reform labour law ( really needed according to everyone but not everyone wants the same things in the reform so we 're stuck with olds labour laws which are n't satisfying for anyone ) . 
  england does n't have open borders, 
   in france there are entire towns full of these `` paper french '' which are ready to kill anytime they feel like it . 
  no there is n't ... 
  it 's considerer as `` western policy against islam '' not against one particular country . 
  they consider themselves muslims rather than moroccan , uzbek or whatever ... 
  oh yeah that makes sense . 
  it 's pretty inconvenient . 
  what 's that ? 
  ( serious question , did n't find any answer on google ) . 
  they currently have 2, 
  like you had a choice , 
  they also called brigitte macron `` brigitte trogneux '' despite being maried . 
  that do n't really answer the question . 
  most of the thing here about trump is from libtards anyway . 
  try to conquer us if we 're that easily defeated . 
  this time , try to go further than the alps . 
  ok i have absolutely no idea of what happened there except that it was 4 days before the world cup . 
  what do you call modern civilization ? 
  how can a modern civilization have one birthplace because modern civilization is , for me , in a globalized world ? 
  what `` civilization '' have to do with birth of mankind ? 
  saying that europa is the birthplace to mankind with these evidences is so dumb . 
  that 's why you can never rely on mainstream media for scientific articles . 
  in the country where cctv cameras are everywhere ( and i mean everywhere ) . 
  like the republicans are n't xenophobic already . 
  we could have make them pay for it . 
  it 's a gift from the painter to our king . 
  so no . 
  ( and it 's called `` joconde '' :p ), 
  dailymotion ftw, 
  it 's a deal so . 
  you 're welcome italy . 
  france is a presidential system . 
  that means that people vote for a person not necessarily a party . 
  i will explain : - lr : the defeat is more the defeat of fillon than the party and sarkozy with baroin took back the control of the party . 
  they will be the main opposition party . 
  - ps : most of known politics of ps left for em .
