  yeah he 's way ahead of everybody , but lets not forget that we elected the first meme in 1994 when memes did n't even exist, 
  honestly though we ca n't even complain towards other eu countries , we 're the ones going into lybian territorial waters to get them so yeah ... 
  totally different thing with greece as they have hundreds of islands and its really difficult to halt the flux, 
  that haircut is straight out of an american 80 's sitcom, 
  wait what ? 
  is n't qatar extremely sunni ? 
  i guess geopolitics overrides religion in this case, 
  but where will they find the money to nationalize the railways , prevent cuts for the nhs and sustain the welfare program . 
  the money must come from somewhere ... corporate and civilian taxes can not sustain it, 
  i 've always been interested in politics plus i trade currencies , i have a short position on eur/gbp and i 'm long on gbp/chf so yeah basically i would make money out of this whole election . 
  funny that you make this point considering that this whole sub cheered throughout the whole french election for macron ( 90 % were n't even french ) so what point are you making ? 
  tomorrow will be a rough day for you lol, 
  its quite typical of leftist to cheer for a dead person , that shows how democratic and open-minded they are, 
  * i like prostitutes , we have tremendous prostitutes , the best prostitutes in the world , maybe ever . 
  believe me , i know a lot about prostitutes . 
  * - putin probably, 
  there is no `` shy labour '' effect . 
  the uk is very similar to italy under this political aspect , if you 're leftwing you 're automatically intellectually superior , intelligent and compassionate while if you 're rightwing you 're labeled as ignorant/close-minded . 
  the tories are often portrayed as `` evil '' people who do n't care about the lower classes while labour is the party that fights for social justice . 
  but in the end labour will lose because people with a basic understanding of economics acknowledge that the policies are inherently stupid , the cabinet is also composed of inadequate and unprepared people that would inevitably raise taxes in order to pursue their policies and the markets would literally bash the british pound into oblivion . 
  yes you can, 
  eh i think the media is hyping too much labour 's `` rise '' in the last 2 weeks . 
  umm yes that would be preferable , but there are lots of organizations ( including the mafia ) which profit from this migrant trade . 
  its all talk by politicians , nothing will change, 
  very interesting analysis , i fully agree, 
  germany can take them all . 
  what kind of degree did architects have in the ussr ? 
  i mean i understand the fact that they had to build apartments for many people with the lowest cost possible involved , but damn ... why does each apartment block look exactly the same, 
  kennedy ? 
  you and your dog probably did n't get the main joke behind the photo lmao . 
  they used theresa may 's body and replaced the face with nigel farage . 
  can you believe it ? 
  this is the funniest shit since the mongolian invasion of europe . 
  i do n't know , it just has a sad vibe to me and he does n't look happy either , do n't get the downvotes , people get shit too seriously ... 
  `` risk for markets '' lol they always say this bs . 
  they said this before the italian referendum , eventhough the no won with 55 % the italian index started a 4 week non-stop rally . 
  the markets adapt to the situation days prior to the election , everything else is just scare mongering . 
  how prevalent is full face veil in turkey ? 
  i know it depends a lot on the regions , but has it worsened in the last decade ? 
  i ca n't think of a saddest photo than this, 
  `` the independent '' yeah that 's a realiable source as the sun, 
  well this should be the norm even here in italy . 
  but you know what ? 
  here when a person fails to get the asylum status the police provides them with an expulsion letter and yeah thats it . 
  funny right ? 
  probably due to the frenetic working lifestyle , its not as bad as the us ( the suicide rates are higher ) , but its still a problem that should be addressed . 
  in many european countries going to a psychiatrist is seen in a negative light , so people end up trying to cope with depression and uncertainty all by theirselves . 
  they 're somewhat accurate since europe has had a declining population over the last 20 years . 
  obviously they are n't exact , but thats the trend unfortunately, 
  i 've seen a short documentary about the high levels of heroin and meth ( sheesheh ) addiction in iran , especially among the youth . 
  how bad is the situation there ? 
  and is the government actually doing something ? 
  500 thousand council homes or 500 thousand apartments within council homes ? 
  because there is a huge difference , 500.000 houses would be half of london, 
  but is n't the flux of migrants unstoppable ? 
  thats what they keep telling us , mhh weird ... 
  yeah vote labour so you can destroy the economy as blair and gordon brown did lol, 
  anybody who thinks the eu will last for the next decade is delusional . 
  we 're basically on the brink of destruction and we still have plenty of lobotomized people praising the european union for its policies, 
  nah mate , the euro is not `` rallying '' against the dollar . 
  i traded this currency over the last 5 months the eur/usd and i can tell you it was almost a certain bearish trend for the euro . 
  its just a normal technical rebounce due to macron 's victory and the the stark devaluation of the euro that occured from september 2016 , investors and hedge funds started strongly buying in the 1.05 - 1.06 range so its quite normal for it go regain some of its lost value, 
  i 'm a forex trader and i 'm quite sure it will never happen again lol . 
  the fed increased interests rates in december and plans on additional interest rates throughout 2017 . 
  maximum that the eur/usd will reach will be within the 1.15-1 .16 range , but even that will be quite a stretch imo . 
  well it would be nice , but i doubt they 'll do that . 
  problem is that we still have the 200.000 people which came here from 2012 . who blames them ? 
  its just common sense compared to the stupidity and dumbness of western countries . 
  in 2015 approximately 155.000 arrived in italy , only 9 % actually got the status of refugee . 
  just because a person is escaping from a poor country it does n't make them automatically a refugee although this is what the left in italy wants us to believe . 
  they are more refugees than the ones arriving in greece and italy, 
  there 's no will by the government to speed up anything . 
  the government will use most of these fake refugees as some sort of `` extortion '' towards the eu in case italy does n't respect specific financial regulations wanted by the eu . 
  while cooperatives in the country ( both christian and left-wing ) will continue receiving money from the government for providing housing and basic healthcare . 
  in 2015 the government actually spent 4 billion euros for the whole refugee crisis ( 155.000 arrived ) and the result was that only 9 % of the people who had entered the country were actually eligible to have the status of refugee and the detention centers are completely full throughout the country . 
  utterly pathetic, 
  the stocks were open , cac -0.91 %, 
  the french index plummeted , but thats because the markets had already predicted a macron victory as soon as the results of the first electoral vote were given . 
  the markets basically anticipate 2/3 days earlier what will happen , so today the major indexes we n't down ( cac -0.9 % , dax -0.18 % , ftse mib -0.26 % ) in regards to the euro it also went down against dollar , british pound and cad, 
  i 'm actually right-wing , but yeah i despise fierce and brutal neo-liberalism . 
  communism and neo-liberalism merely consider people as `` tools '' for economic development , pretty shit political doctrines to be honest, 
  `` sensible labour market reform '' oh god ... are you real ? 
  have you even hear of the violent riots and protests taking place because of the loi travail which was enforced by guess who ? 
  macron . 
  people like you are gullible enough if you believe there will be `` sensible '' reforms when he already planned a slash of 120.000 public employers and a reduction of working hours . 
  but hey , at least le pen and the russian hackerz did n't win , right ? 
  yeah the answer is copying what your country or hungary is doing ... its pathetic that politicians `` do n't know '' how to solve the problem regarding illegal immigration when there 's literally hundreds of ngo boats traveling directly to 3/4 miles away from libyan shores ( in full libyan territorial waters ) and transporting immigrants to italy . 
  there is in fact an ongoing italian judicial report accusing ngo 's of collusion with human traffickers . 
  you do n't have to be a genius to know how to solve the immigration issue , its not complex at all , left-wing parties just try to make it look like complex but the answer is straightforward, 
  and what is the solution of the left ? 
  opening borders to everyone ? 
  seems like the most retarded idea ever , but it does n't surprise me since being left-wing is actually a synonym of retarded, 
  do you think they actually care about europe anyways ? 
  the reason why the eu is so unwilling to deal with mass immigration is because they are actually in favour of it . 
  if they were actually against it there would n't be waves of immigrants without documents pouring in europe . 
  look it from a neo-liberal perspective , mass immigration will bring millions of people who will lower the wages and bring more competition for low skilled jobs . 
  have you ever been to paris or marseille ? 
  its not france anymore , sorry to burst your bubble, 
  i guess that the people at the `` top '' of these ngos are very aware of whats going on , the ones on the bottom are just delusional thinking they are saving the world, 
  and the dumb lefties still wonder why there is a growing anti-eu sentiment,
