  when the berlin wall fell in 1989 the communist party collapsed because the soviet union was n't able to afford anymore foreign funding of communist parties ( the pci received 80 % of the funds on a global scale from the ussr ) . 
  then there was a political scandal in which the christian democrats were involved in the 90 's , so the result was a formation of a center-left party composed of ex-christian democrats and ex-communist . 
  basically they put all the filth together and created a party , well you can clearly see the marvelous results ... 
  lol you 're cognitive dissonance is amazing , the tables are turning and each day lefties like you are becoming a smaller minority and are seen as traitors or fifth columns who seek to destroy europe with your degenerate policies . 
  its just a matter of 5-10 years , i 'd leave the country if i were you because people like you wo n't end up well ... 
  they banned me from r/italy for expressing my opinion against mass-immigration and i did n't even use slander or curse words . 
  and yeah 90 % of italian redditors are lefties , i 'm in the minority lol, 
  he 's just a puppet who acts as if he represents the will of the population . 
  even if there were mass protests all around the country of people demanding the closure of the borders , gentiloni and his party would continue with their rhetoric that closing borders would be bad and that it could economically harm our country ( i know its ridiculous ) . 
  but thats what you get when you elect a party which is entirely composed of ex-communist and ex-christian democrats, 
  remember that its not `` us italians '' its the government and the catholic organizations who are in favour the overwhelming majority of italians wants to see these illegals kicked out of europe, 
  you 're so god damn dumb , italy is becoming a shithole because of people like you, 
  open a history book, 
  the `` no global '' or the new `` antifa '' are a bunch of bourgeoisie degenerates who act as if they belong to the working class . 
  they have never been in favor of halting mass-immigration , actually they are the most pro-immigration people you can find . 
  they believe they are fighting globalization and the evil capitalist system while contemporarily being in favor of letting europe be flooded by hordes of immigrants . 
  they are too dumb to acknowledge that cultural globalization is inherently linked with economic globalization . 
  you ca n't be against globalization and in favour of open-borders , thats like trying to put out a fire with gasoline and claiming to be a firemen . 
  and in regards to the g8 of genova the police should have been more violent with those parasites , no mercy for vandals, 
  there is the mafia in sicily , without the support of the mafia not even a single american troop would have landed there in 1943 . 
  if they did n't want them arriving , not a single ngo boat would have arrived in a port . 
  its all planned, 
  christian democrats ( they existed even in italy up until the 90 's ) are exactly the same as the left, 
  this is just the beginning , the worst part is that other countries ( mine included ) want to follow germany 's disastrous policies . 
  the real threat of europe are n't radical muslims , the real threat is the left, 
  ngo 's are good , its the core-marxist ngo 's that are a cancer to europe, 
  they should n't enter in the first place , who cares if they want to go to germany or the uk . 
  in the end the majority stays here because eu countries are rightly controlling their border . 
  expulsion is the only solution, 
  do n't listen to them , they actually believe that what is happening to the country could potentially benefit us in creating a wonderful diverse and functioning society . 
  we are importing an obscene amount of illegals and the government is involved in it . 
  go back to r/italy , that place is a circle-jerk for humanitarian third-worlders like you, 
  lmao you do n't even know me i graduated in the uk and i 'm living on my own since i was 18 , maybe you 're the one who needs to leave mommy 's house and most importantly get a proper education, 
  you clearly have no idea of what you 're even talking about ... you did n't consider the drain of money in healthcare services , education and welfare programmes . 
  you 're simply repeating the rethoric that `` migrants = economic growth '' without having a clue about simple macro economics and the costs involved for the state in providing all the services mentioned . 
  i do n't know a single leftie who knows basic economics \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  it depends as to what you define as european imo its not cultural, 
  according to the left we need more migrants to stimulate the economy lol, 
  thats not how it works ... 
  yeah i actually studied in the uk , very few people took the loan and the ones who did , did n't actually pay it off . 
  i admit though that post-grad degrees can be quite expensive , but you 'd be paying it for only a year so, 
  people ca n't pay off a debt of 10k ? 
  i mean yes ... its a substantial amount of money ( for a young person ) , but its no way near the amount of money required to attend universities in the us . 
  wow bro , you 're so smart and progressive, 
  if the left ( pd ) cares so much about this law they should propose this miserable citizenship amendment in their electoral program during the next election . 
  but i doubt they will do that since they 'd lose at least 5 % of the votes, 
  we 're literally the joke of europe and a good portion of the population is still blinded . 
  so i guess things wo n't change anytime soon, 
  you are everything that is wrong with our country . 
  would n't be surprised if you participated in pro-immigration rallies and support ius soli . 
  apparently its impossible because `` muh humanitarian rights '', 
  il terzomondismo che t ` assale , cristo ... ps . 
  its impossible to argue with people who want open-borders . 
  according to them its impossible to halt the influx of migrants lol, 
  oh please , its quite obvious you 're a third-world leftie austria is simply defending their borders unlike us , we 're so `` progressive '' and `` humanitarian '' we go and collect migrants directly from the shores of libya . 
  so yes they have every right to place soldiers on their national border , your whining wo n't change that, 
  `` western values '' dude what are you even talking about ? 
  its not going to happen, 
  `` hurr durr orban is evil hurr '' - every article on orban, 
  the eu does n't `` fear '' the media lol its not incompetence either , its just their plan to bring in millions of them in order to lower the wages and the get rid of some annoying working rights . 
  this is basic neo-liberalism at work, 
  well it could be worse , it could be the eastern part of berlin, 
  i do n't get why you czechs get upset when somebody says your country is in eastern europe . 
  most people would consider it in eastern europe for the mere reason it was part of the warsaw pact , but i do n't get why eastern europe should have such a negative connotation for you lol, 
  people who invested in them 1-2 years ago made a fortune . 
  hell in december 1btc was at 700 $ and now its 2700 $ . 
  however the problem with crypto-currencies is that they do not have central banks behind them so they basically live on hype , as soon as the hype ends it crashes . 
  the netherlands and the uk have hands down the best ski resorts, 
  `` now we are doing pretty well '' yeah sure ... 
  assad will win though . 
  so what will he do about it ? 
  impose eternal economic sanctions on them ? 
  yeah thats the most important issues that germany faces right now / s, 
  yeah certain right wing parties adopt a strong neo-liberal stance so this actually fits their agenda too . 
  i consider them a `` plastic '' version of the right . 
  but in all cases the parties which call for open borders and in some cases unlimited mass immigration are the ones on the left . 
  very few people talk about solving the problem of low fertility rates , of course its not easy to solve the problem but surely reducing the taxes for families which have more than 2 children and granting free access to kindergartens can actually help . 
  obviously the amount of tax reduction should be decided by economists in order to make sure it does n't have a negative impact on the state 's income , but yeah overall its certainly not `` impossible '' to solve this issue . 
  been to wien a week ago , did n't expect it to be that hot ... 
  but you guys still have that cool breeze at night , so you 've got that working out for you, 
  `` hey guys we have a low birth rate , lets flood our country with people who do n't care or understand our culture and customs , this will surely fix the economy '' - leftists, 
  propaganda much ? 
  want to see what happens as soon as he passes the droit du travail, 
  hollande did the same thing in france as soon as he took power . 
  needless to say it was a disaster from an economic standpoint, 
  wish it was applied tho , because in many cases it certainly is n't, 
  yeah because the left is so compassionate and caring about the working class , right ? 
  thats why the voting block of nationalist parties is composed entirely by workers while the electorate of socialist parties throughout europe consists mostly of foreigners and middle-class snobbish intellectuals, 
  * neo-liberal policies stop with the bs that the right-wing hates the poor , its really low quality arguments, 
  they are , unless you 're a leftie, 
  honestly though , if i were a homeless man in norway ( idk if there are high rates of homeless or not ) i 'd commit a crime just to go in a norwegian prison . 
  they really look like hotels rather than prisons, 
  well the majority of the comments in r/italy were in favour of ius soli because `` muh multicultural society '' . 
  we deserve all of the shit that is happening and will happen to our country . 
  there seems to be a low prescription of anti-psychotics among muslims throughout all of the eu , the european medicine agency should clearly do an investigation ... 
  of that , damages resulting from legally disputed tax tricks ** ( cum-cum ) ** : at least oh i see ... 
  yes and that 's good , point is we 're bringing them directly to sicily which is 150km away from lybian shores when there 's lybia and tunisia right next to them . 
  400 thousand of them arrived since 2011 , i 'm sure there is no one profiting from this human trafficking ... oh and they 're not refugees , they 're illegal migrants, 
  and it states that we have a duty of entering lybian territorial waters ? 
  i 'm speaking of rescues at 5-10km from tripoli 's ports ... give me a break,
