did n't expect such a detailed answer thankyou very much, 
  well i study and live in the uk , in your opinion what are the most un-biased newspapers apart from the the times/financial times ? 
  maybe the independent was more appropriate as a comparison, 
  turkey needs secularism quickly or it will turn into a me country in a decade . 
  i wonder if a good portion of population is n't outraged by this, 
  the guardian is the lefty daily mail, 
  yeah they should go back to their `` war-torn '' countries lmao, 
  and being weak makes you easily a target, 
  but he did n't even give an explanation . 
  30 years , why not 40 or 50 ? 
  does he really think that in 30 years time the islamic population in the uk will be fully integrated, 
  either that or muslims become a majority in the uk, 
  the most important question is ... was the pasta good ? 
  i thought you meant superpower lmao , sorry, 
  implying africa will become some sort of superpower, 
  its actually the other way round . 
  women expect far more from men , thus the * figa di legno * thoery, 
  so basically the italian navy has always been patrolling italian waters but ngo 's and our coast guard freely transported people without documents on our shores and we never bat an eye ? 
  we 're smart af, 
  after the arrival of 400 thousand migrants since the fall of gheddafi in 2011 we 're finally patrolling our waters ? 
  i guess for us its a huge achievement , but in reality any serious nation would have taken a week maximum to resolve this issue, 
  butthurt much ? 
  its the truth , whether you like it or not, 
  what we need is two military ships patrolling our territorial waters . 
  its not some kind of impossible mission to stop a bunch of inflatable rafts, 
  leftist are good at shitting on themselves and ruin their own image pretty well, 
  ** ansa **  madrid - a reported 1,000 sub-saharan migrants on tuesday morning tried to storm the border fence between morocco and the spanish enclave of ceuta , armed with sticks and stones , but were pushed back by police officers from both countries , spain 's efe news agency reports . 
  at least three spanish officers and 10 moroccans were injured . 
  the fresh attempt to storm the double barrier surrounding the spanish enclave took place at around 6 am . 
  security forces from both countries were on high alert after yesterday some 187 sub-saharan migrants were able to push their way through the tarajal crossing by running in a compact group . 
  one spanish officer was wounded . 
  according to ceuta guardia civil chiefs , this morning 's attempt was violent with migrants brandishing sticks , hand-made spears and sharp objects and throwing stones at the officers . 
  the enclaves of ceuta and melilla in moroccan territory are today the main entry points for illegal migrants in spain . 
  as someone who trades it is indeed true that the italian stock ( ftse mib ) has greatly surged over the last months . 
  however , it is also important to mention that the index volumes oscillated between 35.000 and 42.000 in the pre-2008 . 
  nowadays its at 22.000 its a slow recovery , it will take time, 
  `` but also know italian '' eh ... been there 2 weeks ago , ca n't really say that from personal experience . 
  although i admit some of them maybe pretended not to know the language, 
  i was in warsaw last weekend , expected some pleasant cold breeze and instead got 31 c \u00b0, 
  he was constantly applauded on this sub and the media also played a big role in making him look as some sort of hero against the populist wave, 
  let me guess , greece ? 
  lobbying in europe is not to the same extent a problem like in america , but i do agree that it ` corrupts ' politics, 
  yes , they deserve to get mocked and even outlawed i really do n't care . 
  i ca n't trust an ngo which works as a taxi-service for migrants and that refused to sign the proposal of code of conduct for ngos of the italian government, 
  classical nordic architecture i love it, 
  damn , choosing between pistacchio and gianduia would put me in an existential crisis, 
  i think puffo is anise , a type of plant with which also gatorade is flavored if i 'm not mistaken . 
  they obviously add adulterants and colorants to it though, 
  the point you raised is valid , but the reason for which i brought up privatization of abortions is because my mother is a doctor and she has had several patients who have undergone 3 or even 4 abortions . 
  if those people had to pay for the abortion they would n't have committed the same `` mistake '' twice , but instead they drain the healthcare system with their stupidity . 
  `` extermination camps for immigrants '' source : m\u00e9decins sans fronti\u00e8res lmao, 
  i think euthanasia is a right , unlike abortions . 
  now do n't get me wrong i 'm not against abortions , i 'm in favour but i 'm also in favour of privatizing them . 
  its 2017 and if you 're dumb enough to get pregnant and do n't know how to use contraceptives then you should pay for the abortion . 
  euthanasia is a totally different thing though , a terminally ill person has a right to end his life in a peaceful way and going away with an injection of opiates and barbiturates is probably the best possible death . 
  i was in london throughout all of may and i can confirm it was actually very hot there . 
  somedays it reached 30-31 c \u00b0, 
  considering the kind of politicians we have running the country i doubt it, 
  there were lots of european battalions in the wehrmacht , but yeah i was trying to say that the choreography really makes it seem that they are still `` angry '' with nowadays germans instead of the nazis which were the ones responsible for the crimes committed during the warsaw uprising . 
  i actually do n't mind american pizza at all , but that pizza is just so bas lol . 
  i ca n't say i appreciate american pizza out in public as i would get stripped off my citizenship and i would probably get labeled as a traitor . 
  you won the ice-cream battle but you lost the ice-cream war ... * laughs in stracciatella *, 
  his economic program basically consists of cuts everywhere , i mean technically the only reason for which he was elected is because the alternative was the far-right , nobody even seemed to care about his electoral program . 
  pistacchio master race, 
  this would literally cause a political shitstorm on the left , there would be demonstrations throughout the country about migrants rights and marches of people chanting `` nobody is illegal '' ... 
  seriously though , this wo n't happen anytime soon, 
  the choreography is really impressive , however should n't they replace germans with nazis ? 
  i mean , like this it seems as if they are still blaming nowadays germans for what happened in 1944 . 
  ok maybe `` rigged '' was n't the term i wanted to use , more like misleading as i 've never heard in my entire life anybody who claimed to be an eu citizen, 
  european means that you are born in europe or have european background . 
  what does eu citizen mean ? 
  the eu is n't even a country its just a commercial and political organization . 
  why would somebody identify themselves with that ? 
  thats like saying i 'm a un citizen even in europe the most pro-eu folks would logically consider themselves as european beforehand as europeans existed before the eu , seems pretty straightforward, 
  but the article states `` eu citizen '' , there 's a difference between european and eu citizen as european identity existed before the eu . 
  i think there is a huge difference between considering oneself european or a citizen of the eu . 
  most people would consider themselves european rather than an eu citizen so yeah the statistics feel pretty damn rigged . 
  according to unchr approximately 95.000 arrived between the 1st of january and the 31st of july . 
  it does n't really matter if in july the number has decreased , we still got half a million of migrants ( not refugees ) from 2012, 
  considering how things are `` done '' in italy , expect another wave of arrivals . 
  there 's so much business behind this that it wo n't stop from one day to another . 
  please do n't take us as an example , it takes up to 2 years to identify who is truly a refugee and who is n't . 
  the ones who do n't apply for the status of refugees are then simply given a piece of paper with written on it `` expulsion '' . 
  yes , we 're a dumb country, 
  i hope you 're kidding its a constant circle-jerk of how migrants will benefit our society , it has reached levels of orwellian propaganda . 
  luckily enough the trust in corporate media has greatly declined and people are seeing the situation as what it truly is . 
  all media, 
  but from what i 've gathered posters on r/france were more in favour of melenchon, 
  oh my god what a surprise ... during the french election it was a constant circle-jerk of people who were praising and cheering for him as some sort of savior of the eu . 
  but the reality is different and people should start to acknowledge that jumping on the winner bandwagon is never good . 
  especially when you elect an investment banker as your president who repeatedly claimed that `` french culture does n't exist '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , he has an enourmous knowledge of macro-economics , but when it comes down to solve the social issues ( migrant crisis , rising unemployment , wage gap ) that are afflicting the country they have no clue what to do . 
  they are basically the prototype of the modern plastic politicians . 
  edit : sorry for any grammatical mistakes i 'm high on xanax, 
  merkel has been a disaster for europe ( not the eu ) , schulz would be the tombestone of 3000 years of western civilization, 
  i think i 've met 2/3 irish people living in italy over the course of my life . 
  yeah its not much lol , but they liked it here, 
  because generally speaking the right wing block does n't protest , they vote . 
  but there have been mass protests , the biggest one was in 2016 ( i think it was called stop invasione ) and it reached 1 million people . 
  from 1945 onwards the two biggest political parties in italy were the dc ( christian democrats ) and the pci ( italian communist party ) .
