this is really an non story . 
  the `` nato-option '' is has been a mainstay of finnish defence policy debate for at least since ' 95 . 
  when the subject of nato is brought up , the politicians in power always reiterate that we have a nato-option and are not planning to use it . 
  this is just that . 
  nothing new here unfortunately . 
  well yes . 
  that is why . 
  however there is a lot of bullshit and conservatism surrounding military service in finland . 
  relative success in ww2 against the soviet union led a lot of finns to draw the conclusion that we do n't need to be allied because finns are just so incredibly awesome that well beat an invasion without allies . 
  we are so unique in this narrative that we only need skis and our great finnish spirit to beat the russians . 
  i think the right lesson to learn from that conflict was this : never again alone . 
  a lot of young men in finland know that this is obviously cobblers and that we 're quite vulnerable . 
  to justify all keeping a huge reserve relative to population size people have come up with all kinds of bullshit reasons other than military capability to justify drafting all able bodied males . 
  bullshit such biiviz above was spewing : having to teach boys manners , and making boys in to men and some such nonsense . 
  i would feel a little better about it if i felt we have a sound military strategy and alliance backing . 
  i also think the draft should be gender equal . 
  a reserve army is the right choice for a country like finland . 
  proud and brave donbas people . 
  attacking a lone lady like that is unbelivably disgusting . 
  makes me think so much less of these marchers . 
  watching these vice dispatches paints a picture of the most retarded rebellion ever . 
  what the fuck . 
  what a bunch of assholes . 
  quite a glowing review here . 
  not everyone in finland thinks this way about military service . 
  i though it was a whole load of wank honestly . 
  i do n't need to be thought to take my hat off indoors or any such thing really . 
  claiming you learn a lot of useful skills is a dubious claim as well . 
  if you are shooting for a career as a police or a firefighter , then you may have some benefit from serving as an mp or in force protection . 
  for the majority there is very little career benefit from service . 
  you ca n't really translate shooting a rifle or a cannon in to a useful skill in civil life . 
  the usefulness of military leadership training in civil life is overstated in my opinion as well . 
  military command is very different from leadership in the workplace . 
  it 's not all shit all the time . 
  you certainly make friends . 
  but you can make friends in civil life too . 
  it 's just mostly shit most of the time . 
  i agree with this . 
  there are real concerns about erdogan 's goverment . 
  but this is just a theme party . 
  this is just confimation bias by people who do n't like the idea of turkey in the eu . 
  this party does n't prove anything about anything in my opinion . 
  i do n't think there is much chance of turkey getting very cozy with russia . 
  from historical disputes over the caucasus region to russian support to armenia , which turkey sees as an enemy . 
  turkey and russia were on opposing sides during the cold war . 
  and turkey is applying for eu membership and it is a member of nato . 
  i do n't think the west needs to fight over turkey with russia but we ca n't really let their membership application progress when the country seems to be moving in the wrong direction with erdogan 's goverment . 
  the challenge is to try to keep turkey from orienting towards islamism and dictatorship at this point in my opinion . 
  i really do n't know what the eu could do with turkey . 
  ca n't really let them join before the dispute over cyprus is resolved press freedom improved among other things . 
  but if we do n't they may lose slide towards less desirable paths . 
  in finnish it 's ven\u00e4j\u00e4 . 
  both names come from a more ancient root than the name russia , which came to be used during the viking age . 
  swedish vikings who sailed the rivers of russia established the first kingships over there and gave their name ` rus ' to them . 
  in finnish sweden is still called ruotsi , and in estonian it 's rootsi respectively . 
  our languages retain these more ancient names from before there were organised states that we recognize today . 
  in roman maps the tribes living in russia were called the veneti . 
  hope that clears things up . 
  yeah i did n't even realize until now that they are only in helsinki . 
  rubbish . 
  scandinavia does n't really depend on russian oil and gas . 
  norway has both . 
  finland needs russian hydrocarbon the most , but we do have lng terminals so we can also buy it elsewhere if we are completely cut off . 
  nordic countries also have lots of renewables nuclear power . 
  russia has leverage over ex soviet countries that grew dependand on russian gas in soviet times . 
  other parts of europe are less dependant on russian gas . 
  and russia is as dependant on europe 's gas market for income as we are for it 's supply . 
  that 's one of the reasons nord stream was built . 
  so russia can have leverage over ukraine but supply germany undisturbed . 
  and one might also draw some more positive assesments of further economic integration with russia . 
  building co dependence is a good way of reducing risk of conflict so we should be integrating with russia for everyone 's benefit . 
  putin is basically a crook . 
  most people know this in their hearts . 
  still , finnish officials are rushing to apologize to putin and calling it a mistake . 
  maybe it was but one ca n't help but sense some residual finlandization in this country . 
  where i live in finland only 18 hours of sunshine was measured over a period of 56 days in jan-feb this year . 
  last autumn it rained every fucking day . 
  this has been on of the shittiest years in memory . 
  to southern europeans . 
  do n't move to the north . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  living here sucks donkey balls . 
  yes . 
  rest in peace in peace . 
  i think finland is who you should be pissed at . 
  i do n't think sweden has taken part in assisting greece since they 're not part of the single currency . 
  it was us who demanded collateral . 
  it 's already [ spreading ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-24/vw-cheating-scandal-threatens-to-ensnare-bmw-as-probe-widens ) . 
  now bmw is under suspicion . 
  this could really turn into something . 
  i think it 's hilarious that they think finland is so terrible they 'd rather die in iraq . 
  it 's not even winter yet !, 
  seems like even our mainstream media is starting to pick up on the fact that there are a lot of opportunists as well as genuine refugees in the flow of people coming . 
  i think he means eastern in the ex communist sense . 
  so in that sense finland is western . 
  otherwise finland is definitely northern . 
  it 's only inevitable when you announce everyone is welcome and encourage the lawlessness happening in hungary . 
  i wonder how bad it will have to get for merkel to admit the current policy is n't working . 
  judging from the handling of the greek crisis : pretty fucking bad . 
  from the town i studied in [ panimo hiisi ] ( http://panimohiisi.fi/ ) .
