  when we were finally done and on our way home , we almost did n't manage to pay for the parking garage because it would n't accept a card . 
  another thing about germany . 
  words can not express how long we spent moaning about germany bureaucracy and rules , even when someone back home got on the phone ( do n't worry , it was handsfree ) we could n't shut up about it . 
  because the eu is a symbol of international cooperation and solidarity and so is socialism . 
  dude calm the fuck down . 
  the people that are closest to you are the most likely to influence you . 
  that works for both men and women . 
  plus when i have to present something big and important , i appreciate friends and family being there . 
  it 's called having a supportive and caring environment . 
  it can be controversial to the alt reich, 
  lovely . 
  and the dutch school holidays are about to start too . 
  i expect the traffic to be even worse than normal . 
  okay buddy , take it easy on the kool-aid, 
  that 's just a lie and you know it . 
  the outcome counts , so look at holland , germany , belgium , france , norway , sweden , denmark , switzerland and iceland . 
  that 's social democracy in action and the results are staggering : the happiest people on earth . 
  you 're using a fallacious argument by misrepresenting the point of social democracy - the equal weighing of both negative and positive rights . 
  that 's dishonest and you should n't do it . 
  slippery slope fallacy . 
  i guess i live in an autocratic state despite having like the best press freedom . 
  `` i think the railways , as an entity relevant to the common good of the country should be natio - '' `` labour scum '' `` well all i 'm saying is that increased funding for the nhs will incr - '' `` s-c-u-m s t f u '', 
  you 're comparing a man who wants to nationalise the railways , increase taxes and increase nhs funding to an autocratic nation . 
  good job mate . 
  reeeeeeeeeeee, 
  you 're being dishonest by massively downplaying the turnout rate difference . 
  it 's not a difference of 65 and 62 percent . 
  it 's a difference of 66 percent ( uk ge 2015 ) and 85 percent ( nl ge 2017 ), 
  why probably the same way as they do it here . 
  without applying for it , you only get to vote in your own municipal polling stations for national elections . 
  impressive . 
  most impressive . 
  `` alles '' `` alles ? '', 
  yes , that was the case in an earlier game as soon as the world congress was unlocked . 
  however it was added in intentionally in later games . 
  and even when it is n't a strategy , it is anti-competitive as it does not include spotify 's competitors . 
  yeah , in civ i. 
  they made him very nuke-happy in later games as an easter egg/joke . 
  you guys are literally doing the same lmao, 
  yes because the president of france should have told his people not to resist the fascists ... 
  right . 
  credits for daring to ask, 
  well tomorrow is liberation day . 
  expect free beers as a canadian . 
  i recommend the festivals !, 
  netherlands like right now ? 
  i mostly remember him shouting . 
  dude he lost to lodewijk asscher , and asscher is not a good debater . 
   netherlands : 20 ( no legal provisions for paid public holidays ) fucking embarassing . 
  very different from here : `` so , where are you going to spend your vacation this year . '', 
  `` oh we do n't know yet , we have n't booked yet . '', 
  that line was pre-conceived but pretty funny nonetheless . 
  i ca n't speak for the delivery though . 
  try counting the money the capitalists took from you . 
  it 's easy . 
  take your company , take its profits , divide it by the amount of workers , done . 
  fnv , sp and pvda always celebrate it together i do believe . 
  i mean media as in journalists . 
  `` grades plummet in turkey '', 
  it 's coarse and rough and gets everywhere . 
  and foreign media in north korea is probably just deported . 
  yes , we should be taking russia as an example . 
  of course . 
  ah yes the trifecta of ~ ~ evil ~ ~ rutte i : conservatives , liberals and national socialists all together in one big pile of shit they all want to forget about . 
  like some guy said on the top of the thread , common sense, 
  how the actual fuck is racism like that upvoted . 
  no , listen please . 
  i said that a more right wing mainstream party may decrease the support for a far right party . 
  well i do n't think that 's working very well to save the welfare state . 
  mostly opposed brexit but now they are all in . 
  they are scrapping most social security , are trying to undermine the nhs , have privatised the railways ( which is a major success of course / s ) , reintroduced grammar schools , etc. 
  which could in turn be caused by the fact that the mainstream big-tent right wing party ( cons uk - lr fr - vvd nl ) are less right wing in the continent than in the uk . 
  well , in the 2015 uk general election , ukip got 12.6 % of the vote , in the netherlands it was 13.3 % , a slight lead . 
  keep in mind , though , that that does not factor in the strategic voting in the uk , which is a strong force to take into account due to the first-past-the-post voting system . 
  no , that 's uninformed if incorrect , not dickish . 
  the way in which you make them , however , can be dickish . 
   see , you apparently do n't like doing research . 
  you can also discuss matters while not being a dick . 
  hmmmmmmmmmmm i like this ship . 
  also les escargots, 
  well i would n't want to speak on your behalf . 
   so it makes it difficult to organise fraud on a large scale . 
   you can literally only do one in a safe way , any time you involve someone else you increase the risk of getting caught . 
  no she ca n't . 
  fascism wo n't land on mainland europe ever again . 
  fillon - le pen m\u00e9lenchon macron is my guess ? 
  and you 'd be dumb af if you looked at erdogan and think `` i do n't like democracy and this is better . '', 
  then you 're a racist muslim with no understanding of both people and the concept of prejudice . 
  that , my man , is racism . 
  welkom , do you want bitterballen ? 
  could you not tell em about it ? 
  yes mate , everyone in america and england is insane ... 
  $ 35 for 50gb , unlimited calls and texts on the best 4g/lte network of the netherlands . 
  tethering is not limited obviously . 
  everyone has free eu roaming now . 
  chirac is a badass, 
  yes , it 's in an old interview . 
  april first, 
  maybe enough time if you 're in year 4 havo . 
  80-90 % is too high i think but it is certainly a thing .
