  it 's lying . 
  sp saying that health insurance companies are getting more expensive because they 're racking in profits . 
  it 's a lie , not an opinion , less is spent on non-healthcare spending than ever before . 
  touchy subject . 
  they tend to join pro-erdogan rallies and defend erdogan 's policies in parliament . 
  they were kicked out of their previous party because they openly criticised the social affairs minister 's integration policy ( last straw ) and because they and the rest of the party 's representation could n't agree , they parted ways . 
  edit : looked into it more . 
  the minister specifically said that some organisations ( milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs , the s\u00fcleymanci movement , diyanet , and the g\u00fclen movement ) were doing more to divide turks in the netherlands among eachother and other ethnicities rather than integrate them . 
  he criticised that and the two mps did n't agree to that . 
  the original op forgot about the olive oil bottle . 
  if you really want to include thierry 's list , add it after `` why '' with `` the eu is rigging our democracy . '', 
  i respect basically every party under the `` politicians '' label . 
  except for the pirate party , every party under the `` power hungry etc etc '' label practises fact-free politics . 
  i do n't respect fact-free politics . 
  yeah, 
  vnl populist pseudo-libertarian party . 
  eww vvd edit : just kidding , you can work with the vvd, 
  eww sp, 
  it 's more right wing than christenunie though, 
  out of interest , what do you vote ? 
  i 'm guessing sp.a ? 
  you tend to get to know the ins and outs , 
  i was afraid you 'd buy into the `` unfair trial ( by d66-judges ) '' narrative geert wilders was pushing ( together with sp-politician harry van bommel and fvd-leader thierry baudet ), 
  pvda barely changed ( except the pr fiasco that is `` taking responsibility , '' vvd also suffered this ) , and groenlinks only shifted slightly to the left . 
  groenlinks also does n't believe in pseudoscience , as far as i know . 
  but i 'm not in the `` obama party '' so i would n't know for sure . 
  actually i do know an example , nuclear energy . 
  apparently all leftist parties hate nuclear energy . 
  no , i do n't consider social democratic policies populist . 
  however , our current healthcare systems is one of the best in the world , in terms of money that goes into it relative to how much is spent on actual healthcare . 
  the sp , however , lies that healthcare is so expensive because all of the money is going to ceos . 
  they instead propose going back to a system where 20 times as much money was spent on everything that 's not healthcare ( overhead ) . 
  while ethically , deprivatising healthcare may be a good thing , it wo n't be a good thing for the country 's healthcare as a whole , and the current system is better , in reality . 
  ( fuck deductibles though ) . 
  the thing is though , it feels like a good idea to many people , and that 's why lying that that 's the reason it costs so much works so well . 
  la pen ( and farage/wilders ) do the same thing , but with immigration and euroskepticism . 
  their talking points feel good , and it sounds like we 'd be choosing for ourselves and our own good by blocking immigration and leaving the eu . 
  however , in reality , it 's not the case . 
  yeah , the way one party may think they are helping the country ( e.g. 
  christian parties banning cannabis ) is the opposite of mine , but i do n't think that makes them power hungry ( even though the cda could fit the `` establishment '' definition very well , since they 've been in most governments . ), 
  yeah , 50plus gets close . 
  otherwise for leftism without the social conservatism and populism , you can consider animal party , groenlinks or partij van de arbeid . 
  christenunie is pretty social too , and they 're a constructive party in opposition . 
  i 'd vote for them , they 've proven to be constructive . 
  economically leftist , but still with all the populism . 
  think `` muh pensions '' but also `` fuck the eu '', 
  ah the `` groenlinks is naive '' - meme has exited the closet . 
  no , more like the populism of le pen but a leftist swing to it . 
  well , i know many of the politicians currently in power , and they are both different politicians from those previously in power ( so no fixed establishment ) and in it for the good of the country . 
  i mean , yeah , just like everything in that general area, 
  it also means that you like barack obama, 
  i do n't vote groenlinks  edit : on this diagram , i ended up with vvd, 
  artikel 1 is an anti-racism party that only works to further increase the size of the gap between `` races , '' basically an inverted pvv that does the same thing . 
  d66 is like the liberal democrats in the uk . 
  pro-eu until the end of times . 
  better than pvv but not quite right . 
  ambiguous you . 
  as in ` on ` in french or ` men ` in dutch . 
  that you 're a very intelligent young man or woman . 
  or do , so we 'll finally get an elfstedentocht . 
  if you think that politicians are power hungry moneygrabbers , you must know very little politicians . 
  why trial between quotations ? 
  cda is having a boner over the whole draft thing again . 
  that 's not even the nsfw stuff . 
  for the nsfw stuff , google : ncilla tumblr . 
  terrible . 
  tbh the cda is more conservative than the christenunie, 
  go to the right . 
  the first question is to filter out those with a inferiority complex . 
  credits to / u/theresior, 
  legit though , madrid is much more well-known . 
  it 's because no one knows any other place in spain, 
  exactly , these are more civilised times . 
  yes and now compare it to when it is unified . 
  that uk war was in a unified nation , the eu has never had an internal war . 
   no national identity   who cares . 
  we are at least moving in the right direction and one day , latvians will have the same opportunities as finns, 
   which already has pro-akp elements . 
  [ citation needed ] , since the guy who 's quoted is literally a pvda minister !, 
  caesar augustus would turn in his grave, 
  the petition makes a good point . 
  did anyone say polder ? 
  point one is invalid because drug consumption is 1 ) not banned here , 2 ) always harmful ( rather than only harmful in situations where you are forced to wear a burqa , niqab or hajib ) and 3 ) something that is also not supposed to be banned in the first place . 
  points two and three are invalid because minors are n't adults . 
  minors ca n't consent where adults can . 
  that 's a very good point actually, 
  of course the solution to this is to ban women from wearing certain garments `` for their own protection . '', 
  `` sex psychologists '' aka sexologists already are working on it . 
  flying a flag on government buildings is an active deed and very different from just * not destroying monuments * but nice try . 
   would you leave nazi monuments ? 
  i mean , look what happened with nazi monuments like the nuremburg rally grounds , the olympia stadion and tempelhof . 
  why did you post this ? 
  everyone is until you get to sturgeon ... 
  except pope francis . 
   was n't untermensch used as in nietzsche 's philosophy ? 
  yes and the nazi 's appropriated the term, 
  aka london games . 
  it 's not like i do n't want la to get the olympics , but it would be amazing if the netherlands got it in 2028 , 100 year after 1928 when it was last here , where the olympic fire was invented . 
   the olympics are pretty small compared to the super bowl, 
  if counting is the only thing they ca n't do , i 'm confident it 's gon na be okay,
