  and whether you like it or not , we are going to have to move to a sustainable , green energy production soon . 
  everyone will have to do their part . 
  in this case , that only consists of tolerating a small wind farm in your horizon . 
  your very own link  `` specificatie omzet ienm ( x $ 1.000 ) '' for 2017 deltafonds : 369.192 ( flood protection ) hoofdwegennet : 934.967 ( main roads ) hoofdvaarwegennet : 457.109 ( main waterways ), 
  / u/conducteur, 
  no no no you misunderstood . 
  the point is , they wo n't be underwater after we 're done with em , 
   national water authority has an annual budget upwards of $ 2b rijkswaterstaat is also responsible for rijkswegen ( national roads ) such as these , where most of the money goes . 
  this whole saa project is a rws project . 
  maybe i can get arsed to foia it but i 've already done plenty of those in the past months, 
  well let 's all agree that at least the costs that automobility inflicts on society should be taxed 1:1, 
  not sure , but it 's not tulips . 
  yep that 's why it was built . 
  cool that it made it into maps . 
  also no lmao, 
   i live in the netherlands , publics transportation is ridiculously inefficient . 
  have you ever been outside of our country ? 
   but those can also be fixed nope . 
  tried that . 
  the reason it 's inefficient is because you 've got a 2m x 5m machine weighing 1.5 t transporting 1.4 people on average . 
  that is inherently going to cause traffic jams . 
  to be honest there is some truth to that . 
  i really do get a little anxious going up a high bridge . 
  it was built by brits , we 'd be scared shitless going on that !, 
  just kidding . 
  no , no fear at all . 
  aqueducts are cooler than tunnels  i love that picture by the way , it really shows a degree optimism in the european project and cooperation i just do n't see anymore . 
   cycling to the train station still takes time -  the more people use public transit , the closer these hubs can be to peoples ' homes this will quickly become faster than everyone taking vastly inefficient vehicles on a highway . 
   especially during peak hours bringing your bike either is not allowed or if it is foldable still not doable due to crowded trains . 
  ov-fiets/bikeshare/having two bikes . 
  well of course . 
  you probably have a bias towards walking on the right of the pavement ? 
  we have that bias for under the water rather than over . 
  the more people use public transit , the closer these hubs can be to peoples ' homes and the more direct lines you can have . 
  it really is an issue that solves itself . 
  and the last mile issue does n't exist in the netherlands : we 've got bikes !, 
  people want to drive because it 's the path of least resistance . 
  if every road is jammed and public transit is good , you can bet your ass people are going to take public transit . 
  https://www.google.com/maps?layer=c&amp;panoid=k3au-vn0avv_tirrobgbfw&amp;cbp=1,94.793205,,3.0,0.34294128&amp;shorturl=1 this is where the trains cross that body of water agree with you 100 %, 
  fair enough, 
  like i said , i concede the point about barcelona but not the rest of spain tbh, 
  - minimising noise pollution - minimising horizon pollution - ease highway traffic and shipping - this is because the bridge to the right can open , but that will only block a little bit of traffic . 
  the previous a1 bridge was a bridge that could open as well , but that would block a lot of traffic and cause a huge delay . 
  most people would go into the nearby town just to avoid it and that would cause a hinderance for locals . 
  - a bridge would be visible for miles, 
  well yeah if you take the easternmost bit of spain that 's correct . 
  but what about the rest ? 
  for madrid it makes no sense , and that goes for most of it, 
  the millau viaduct is a little bit more to the east , there is a more direct route to the west . 
  fair enough , i 'd make a detour like that haha, 
  it 's not exactly the direct route, 
  by that logic , new york city is my 16th favourite dutch city . 
  they greatly prefer it . 
  previously , traffic that wanted to go to the south went through town . 
  now , while that may seen like a scenario where they 'd earn a lot of money , reality was different . 
  the town was jammed to the brim every summer and most drivers were not particularly interested in buying anything anyway . 
  overall tourist traffic had a negative impact on their local economy , and the bypass was welcomed . 
  i do wonder how on earth you 'd pass by the millau viaduct on your way to spain, 
  leeeeeeeet 's not . 
  btw it does sound funny . 
  former president of the european parliament in coalition with eurohaters . 
  god i 'm so jealous of germany, 
  that politician was lodewijk asscher , our vice-pm, 
  i think it goes without saying i 'm really , really jealous of your choices . 
  that would be missing holland against hate on the malieveld, 
  also , it is n't particularly attractive . 
  when europeans go for power , they go for power . 
  when europeans go for good , efficient , comfortable driving , they go for good , efficient , comfortable driving . 
  we like the environment enough to not require that useless power on a commuter . 
  makes me want to play rome : total war again . 
  tbh if your family ( your children ) was threatened , what would you do ? 
  anyway , i think it 'll be fine if you also invest in czech infrastructure, 
  showing respect by showing up 20 minutes late, 
  donald trump a strong leader ? 
  ha , if only you were n't serious , it would be funny !, 
  merkel is a very , very good leader internationally . 
  i 'm not a fan of her domestic policy , especially with regards to economics and welfare , but internationally she 's a star player . 
  jesus putin is small, 
  interesting to see the contrast between asking in the us and the eu when it concerns israel . 
  and doing 110 km/h on the left lane of the autobahn , having passed a truck 5 minutes ago , but seeing another truck 50 km in the distance . 
  `` it is less safe to change lanes often and i 'm going fast enough . '', 
  https://i.imgur.com/4xqalfp.png 522,30 km ice speed = 320 km/h t = s/v = 522,30 / 320 = 1,6321875 hr 1,6321875 hours = 1 hour and 38 minutes it 's simple , you build a straight , direct ice track . 
  tbh i 'm all aboard that boat just because of my personal brexit salt . 
  the pvv is so economically left wing that they have the most in common with vvd in terms of voting in parliament . 
  it 's a joke , but d66 is definitely not the most libertarian . 
  you 're far more informed, 
  you know that first hand . 
  can confirm . 
  reformist party , very conservative both fiscally and socially . 
  overturning gay marriage , death penalty , anti abortion , pro israel , etc. 
  fun fact : they and cu symbolically banned swearing in some municipalities . 
  second person who tried to guess who i 'm voting for and wrong again !, 
  although i do enjoy roleplaying as a smug d66 ` er . 
  fun fact : the sp was co-founded by agents of what 's now called the aivd ( dutch intelligence \u00e0 la nsa ) to draw people away from the cpn ( communist party of the netherlands ) . 
  of course , it 's no longer run by them but it is a cool bit of history . 
  pvda is a more pragmatic party , sp more idealistic . 
  that reverses on social issues , where pvda is much mroe idealistic in its handling of refugees , racism , racial profiling , etc. 
  their current leader is trying very hard to imitate obama 's succes . 
  nobody has told him , however , that to do that , you do n't need to actually imitate the man himself . 
  deliberately lying to the public in an attempt to speak to the underbelly is n't an `` opinion . '',
