  that said , for most of the last school year , it was either school or volunteer work . 
  the bible belt . 
  no , really . 
  not the first two you mention but :  conservatism , religious hypocrisy and i 'd even venture to say gun ownership is above average here . 
  absolutely . 
  yes !, 
  like that ? 
  - a common cultural and spiritual heritage derived from greco-roman antiquity , christianity , the renaissance and its humanism , the political thinking of the enlightenment , and the french revolution , and the developments of modernity , including all types of socialism ; - a rich and dynamic material culture that has been extended to the other continents as the result of industrialization and colonialism during the `` great divergence '' ; - a specific conception of the individual expressed by the existence of , and respect for , a legality that guarantees human rights and the liberty of the individual ; - a plurality of states with different political orders , which are feeding each other with new ideas ; - respect for peoples , states and nations outside europe . 
  these are , to quote jan berting , pan-european cultural traits . 
  not may the third please , that 's when the ib exams typically are . 
  well there is pan-european culture just like any village has its own culture . 
  it 's just not as pronounced as national cultures . 
  i 'd love to roadtrip ` round the us, 
  stealing your jobs, 
  \\  left \\  d66, 
  i 'll tell you which performed worst : pvda went from 38 to 9 seats , a loss of 29 seats . 
  sp went from 15 to 14 , another loss . 
  overall , a net loss of 18 seats for the left . 
  thanks for being wise . 
  amsterdam absolutely . 
   unless it 's about giving way to each other . 
  or flipping the bird ... 
  i live in the east but did that make me a german ? 
  kidding , but i hear it here too, 
  ami 's is more common, 
  geert wilders adores him and started radicalising, 
  we called the last one buskruit in the netherlands . 
  aka gunpowder, 
  you 're not wrong , you 're just an asshole, 
  i call tons of people since i 'm in politics and it 's campaign time :p plus i actually call with friends sometimes if needed, 
  lol i 'm on 467 so far . 
  you know tmo is coming out with unlimited data for 35 soon right ? 
  not true , it 's both possible and common, 
  and then you have the dutch , free roads that are great, 
  at least you can see the potholes then, 
  i mean , it 's not like that stopped france, 
  was expecting schulz, 
   not having eu wide unlimited calling what is this the 90s ? 
  not sure about italy but in the netherlands we do n't have speed limit signs on roads with a 130 km/h limit, 
  mine did , both eu and national . 
  four poles , two for the two flags mentioned earlier , one for the school flag , and one for special occasions . 
  for example if a school from denmark went here , it had a danish flag . 
  for coming out day , it had a pride flag . 
  europe but same difference, 
  http://creativecommons.nl/2013/06/18/nederlandse-wikipedia-nu-een-na-grootste-wikipedia/ looks like i 'm 3 and a half years out of date !, 
  noaberschap is something that 's expanded to overijssel, 
  well , we do kinda have the largest non-english wikipedia, 
  stand left walk right from london in the netherlands, 
  in the netherlands you can change your name when you are naturalised . 
  dwdd is constantly on about promoting any other books , its glory days are definitely behind it . 
  pauw is good i will agree . 
  which talk show is better than late night , according to you ? 
  our rtl is quite good sometimes . 
  rtl news has some excellent investigative journalism and rtl late night is a great talk show . 
  but then they have to ruin it with stuff like rtl boulevard . 
  still better than sbs 6 on the whole though , that 's some proper shit . 
  big city , very european , close to germany and in france . 
  cities : leftist and progressive parties , countryside : right-wing and conservative or christian parties, 
  you 're welcome here . 
  convenient , it got america united against the axis . 
  never seen that, 
  gezin also lives under the same roof, 
  i live in a suburb of a small village , so it will be a little more car friendly and dependent than the average dutch city . 
  train station : 700m snack joint : 550m grocery store : 1800m pool : 1300m remember , that 's a very short distance on the bike , even if it is quite hilly ( yes we have hills ) . 
  if i take the train at the station , i 'll be in the city within 10 minutes . 
  from there on out : buses : 0m starbucks : 60m bank : 100m hotel : 190m dentist : 280m medieval city centre : 700m museum : 850m many stores and stuff in there . 
  from my old house in the city ( of 100-150k ) : snack joint : 71m bakery : 78m closest primary school : 110m bus stop 1 : 120m , 160m chinese restaurant : 170m bus stop 2 : 220m computer parts store : 250m ( and you bet your ass i was too lazy to walk . 
  bike ftw . ), 
  closest trade college : 350m closest church ( and it closed down because of atheism ) : 400m closest public primary school : 450m closest budget grocery store : 500m closest chicken thingy : 650m closest cheese store : 800m closest record store ( and i know the owner so i got a discount ) : 800m closest sports supplies store : 850m closest liquor speciality store : 850m closest quality grocery store : 1000m closest gym : 1100m closest college ( for teachers ) : 800m my primary school in grades 5 and 6 : 1100m my primary school in grades k through 3 : 1100m closest general college : 1200m medieval city centre : 1500m closest high school : 1600m closest station : 1600m , trains going to amsterdam , the hague , rotterdam , utrecht and much , much more . 
  my primary school in grades 3 and 4 : 1800m closest public high school : 2100m closest pool : 2000m closest football stadium : 2000m closest public college : 2800m my high school : 3900m ( on the other side of town ) . 
  does this help ? 
  nhs ? 
  no one 's mentioned das leben der anderen or goodbye lenin for germany ? 
  no one 's mentioned new kids turbo for holland ( jk ) ? 
  what has the world come to, 
  pretty embarassing that the / r/de mods have a better sense of humour than the / r/thenetherlands mods . 
  replace amsterdam with randstad, 
  at least it 's got a roundabout . 
  and it was the main town in that book `` the curious incident of the dog in the night time '', 
  it 's just called belgium . 
  big cities . 
  i 'm talking about the nyc/dc subways . 
  most tokkies in the randstad . 
   that 's pretty analogous to how it 's currently set up in the eu . 
   except the eu has 28 independent nations . 
  are you seriously comparing a multinational union to one nation ? 
   what 's your point ? 
   that you 're not a union of nations , you 're one nation . 
  not really sure if you 've been to germany recently but they 've been investing in infra ** hard ** lately , especially the ruhrgebiet . 
  and you notice it . 
  that 's all down to them having to build a whole new autobahn system in the former ddr since 1990 . 
   i 've been to the uk , spain , france , switzerland , italy , germany , austria , hungary , croatia , iceland , and greece . 
  the quality of the infrastructure varied significantly , just as it does in the us . 
  and yet it is equal inside the nations . 
  we 're talking in general . 
  us infrastrucure is painfully underfunded on the federal level . 
  check out the crumbling of america on netflix , a documentary that focuses on the underfunded infrastructure . 
  bike lanes , nothing compared to germany and the netherlands and looking at your bicycling commuting figures ( and the way it 's done ) , it 's not exactly accessible to the mainstream populace . 
  cutting car use is something very important for a happy nation . 
  public transit is good in the big cities , but falls short everywhere else .
