   or inferior un-ter-mensch sub-hu-man, 
  tbh i think they should remain for historic value . 
  he got upvoted for reversing the logic to demonstrate how shit it is . 
   it 's my gym and my right to welcome anyone i want there . 
  no , fritz , you can not discriminate on your own property either . 
  like he said , bad idea, 
  i believe 887 is still white , seems to change at 1000, 
  liberating holland, 
  literally gallowboob, 
  so the three governments where the french have a say ( except federal ) are fucked up, 
  yeah the branches . 
  except the pm and the president are both executive . 
  yeah also in breaking bad, 
  yes, 
  it would be a massive slap in the face to the people of `` hon hon hon ve want a parliament d'europe too in one of cities ours , ve care not about ze costs '', 
  fucking french demanding their own language and everything, 
  also 64 in bright blue and some men in darker blue suits, 
  i 'm having a hard time hitting the upvote button because i 'm laughing so hard . 
  i 'm tying this ~ 5 minutes later, 
  amazing political manoeuvring by schulz on all accounts then . 
  he used the election to make it happen in one week . 
  it 's an old meme, 
  tell that to nijmegen !, 
  both are true , equally . 
  thank einstein tbh, 
  read the article ya oaf, 
  it should, 
  at least buy me dinner first thanks, 
  mate , literally the comment i replied to . 
  i really wan na get that tshirt, 
  both, 
  that was also a thing in the netherlands back in the day, 
  i do n't think adolf hitler would take that trophy home . 
  dude you know you hold the record in this right, 
  it 's even danker now, 
  maybe stop linking youtube videos and start linking scientific papers and people will start accepting your argument . 
  you 'll find that that is a cultural matter . 
  agreed even though i did n't vote gl . 
  we need to escape the right wing frame that migration is badm, 
  idk last i spoke kees verhoeven he advocated it . 
  exactly , which is why it makes no sense to have far more men . 
  why would men be more competent ? 
  not so sure , theresa is driving her party into irrelevancy at a fast pace . 
  james may has a more approachable looking face . 
  you do n't get the point he 's making . 
  no , that 's what emigrant means . 
  he 's being facetious about the word expat . 
  basically skin colour is often the line between expat and migrant . 
  nah , adult education, 
  i 've been too busy with maths the last few days ... 
  i automatically put that as a power of e. 
  definitely holland , i can tell by the lines on the road ( 3-9 pattern rather than 6-12 ), 
  all roads lead to the a10, 
  not in the cities , 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/induced_demand https://www.citylab.com/transportation/2015/11/californias-dot-admits-that-more-roads-mean-more-traffic/415245/ please read this , 
  if you want to kill him , just run him over while he 's cycling to work ... 
  we 're too sober for scandals, 
  in american yeah, 
  that 's not that much . 
  my car did n't do 260 but 200 [ was reached ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hdvdvxr.png ), 
  it 's the holiday season , so cars have above-average occupancy . 
  odds are , he 's not the driver . 
  this is true . 
  we 're trying to organise a weekend in germany with our german sister organisation . 
  now , considering our organisation also has minors as members , we have to account for that too . 
  typically , that comes down to `` no beer for you '' as a vocal warning and nothing more . 
  none of that when we went to discuss it with the germans . 
  oh no ... definitely not . 
  so when we started planning , the germans asked us how many people we 're expecting to tag along from holland . 
  that turned out to be about 20-ish . 
  we discussed that we also have minors in our organisation so we quickly added `` we think less than 25 % of them are u-18 . '', 
  when they asked how old those would be , shit hit the fan though . 
  it turns out that for people aged under 16 ( we have a couple of 15 year olds that probably want to join in ) , you need adults with a special permit to `` control '' them . 
  a kinderleiterausweis , for which you would need to complete a training . 
  of course , when they added the synonym of kinderf\u00fchrerausweis we thought that they were joking . 
  it could n't be any other way . 
  they were n't joking . 
  you actually needed an adult with a permit to take 15 year olds on a trip . 
  and even then you 've got a limited number of u-16s you can take per person with the permit . 
  well that was easily solves right ? 
  just institute a minimum age of 16 and it 's all good . 
  well ... no . 
  i 'm going to have to add more context . 
  part of this trip is a pub crawl ( in our country , the minors `` do n't drink '' during this ordeal ) that eventually people leave for the sleeping accommodation , which would be a short walk away . 
  now , therein lies the next problem ... 
  in germany , it is illegal to be out after a certain period if you 're under the age of 18 without adult supervision . 
  this would cause a logistical nightmare for sure but we could handle it . 
  this was , however , the moment our german colleagues remembered that minors need written permission of their parents to be with a group of people . 
  so say , a 17 year old wants to go on holiday in germany with his 18 year old friend group , the parents have to sign for it . 
  in theory , they would be signing over their guardianship to a person potentially only a month over . 
  but it 's germany , the law is the law . 
  this was a nuisance but again , workable . 
  now , we 'd ( my fellow dutchman and i ) already been giving each other looks . 
  but here is what broke the camels leg . 
  when the germans went into detail ( which they did too often ) about the sleeping accommodation , they mentioned that we 'd need multiple rooms ( one for guys , one for girls ) . 
  we mentioned that we could cut costs by just letting everyone sleep in the same room . 
  which is the norm here . 
  their reply ? 
  `` no you can not do this , it is illegal . '', 
  fucking germany man ... who else would write in the law that sleeping in groups can not be mixed ?
