russia has now officially reverted to the soviet ways . 
  that first comment linked a fucking daily mail article ... 
  nothing to see there . 
  i 'd like to read about this . 
  who was this ? 
  wtf is an irland or a nethrtlands ? 
  kinda like `` the daily mail reports ... '', 
  did rt find reddit ? 
  unfortunately those that do believe it also have voting rights . 
  alexanderplatz is my bet . 
  the dutch saying uses flies , might be the same for the serbian saying . 
  from ? 
  because dk-se is not nearly as bad as nl-be . 
  the gaps in the road removes any sleepiness with ease . 
  the russian national anthem . 
  until he got killed , and now he 's a martyr . 
  bad title . 
  looks like american high school . 
  no , not the policy , but that this is the reason for the male migration . 
  source ? 
  what 's that estonian flag doing there ? 
  found the dane, 
  a european union of states would be very beneficial , yes . 
  he speaks parseltongue because he is the heir of slytherin . 
  this has happened and they refused to get off the bus . 
  if they get violent , there is riot police and when things take a turn for the worse , there may be military on site . 
  copenhagen can see it coming and they have time to prepare . 
  i do n't think there is , it 's just that the prc not following it 's constitution ( which is an assumption , i have n't read it ) is just not comparable to whether or not the bbc follows its corporate charter . 
  it 's a completely different situation . 
  that does not mean that the bbc ought to be compared to the people 's republic of china . 
  as is the sign of a good news outlet . 
  poor conspiracy theorists on this website wo n't have anything to whinge about . 
  who am i kidding , they 'll * find * something . 
  we also have freedom of religion in ours , and that works . 
  what 's your point ? 
  your username is a total lie . 
  that 's a false authority argument . 
  academics use studies to prove points , make estimates , and draw conclusion , not `` lalalala i have a plaque so i 'm right lalalala '', 
  that 's when you press remove anyway , better be safe than sorry in such cases . 
  it 's gon na get them bombed to shit , and that 's what we 're aiming for here . 
   paparazzi bothering you 24/7 dutch monarchs have literally 0 issues with this . 
   lunatics wanting to kill or kidnap you because of your parents ' titles i do n't believe this has happened yet to our royals . 
  certainly solves most of mine . 
  that source is bollocks , even jenaplan and montessori schools are government funded , and the same goes for christian schools , of which christelijk gymnasium sorghvliet is one . 
   being able to take the ib diploma sort of makes up for it . 
  not exclusive to intl. 
  schools by any stretch  source : ib student in a public school, 
   with a side of ` guillotine our royals and lets put these guys on the throne ' . 
  yes ... alright let 's do it . 
  we also demand a full annexation of the united kingdom . 
  funded by the ministry of magic , yes . 
  i just realised my brother went to one of those . 
  hiding in an open field . 
  nice . 
  where did you learn that ? 
  that skill would 've come in handy 100 years ago on the western front . 
  and get shot down on an open field like world war 1 ? 
  even if the train is stopped , what then ? 
  will the guy magically stop shooting ? 
  so up to 270 rounds for 9 mags , let 's say that with the handgun as well he could kill about 200 people . 
  the mods may have . 
  arabs in europe generally have higher birth rates than europeans in europe , partially because irreligion is spreading fast among previous christian ethnic europeans . 
  wise words . 
  he obviously means ethnic europeans and ethnic arabs and turks . 
  and those arab muslim ukrainian terrorists who shot down mh-17 . 
   incidentally , the ira 's habit of leaving bombs in rubbish bins is why , even now , you can barely find one in central london for love nor money . 
  that explains it . 
  motherfucker . 
  military tribunal please . 
  riv super de boer . 
  you spelled `` the united kingdom '' wrong . 
  not to mention that the orange-white-blue flag has recently been stigmatised by the national socialists . 
  the german acronym for national socialist is nazi . 
   downvote me wish granted , mate . 
  dutch * , french , german , and english , you mean ? 
  / r/european is the stormfront one . 
  9 on a sunday ? 
  that 's not reasonable . 
  3 is a reasonable time to get up . 
  i used to live in a  100k city and the bells ringed every 30 minutes lol . 
  i do n't care when it 's that far away . 
  we called it new almere . 
  a mix of amon and an assassin/templar ? 
  in 800 years , we will have colonised the north sea and turned the baltic sea into a lake . 
  hating a place that dishes out justice is just admitting you 're guilty , no ? 
  talking about it with them is a better way to do it than applying a national filter . 
   based in the netherlands ` etherlands , fuck yeah !, 
  freedom , fuck yeah !, 
   we remain acutely aware of the risks and dangers that young people face online . 
  i hate conservatives . 
  he knows very well what a proxy state is . 
  oh * that * kind of proxy . 
  nevermind . 
  ikea sells swedish meatballs . 
  there are enough people around them to sufficiently pollute the night sky . 
  always americans with comments like these ... 
  averaging out at a factor of 1 . 
  [ no ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/4341456895 ), 
  absolutely beautiful right now . 
  looking outside there is some wind but it 's a lot less extreme .
