  unfortunately , flithy deventerian eagles are also well-placed . 
  arnhem and nijmegen are a lot worse ... 
  and overijssel claimed gelderland . 
  not to mention that kampen is now harderwijk or elburg . 
  i mean officially . 
  they are , officially , two separate metropolitan areas . 
  yep . 
  we call them bridges . 
  would n't put amsterdam and rotterdam-the hague together , they are different metropolitan areas , officially , with green bits between them . 
  uhh , just browsing around from czech rep. to estonia most have screens or projectors . 
  the new chamber is very spacious though , which makes it a nice place to work . 
  i think the layout is great . 
  like what we did in the nineties . 
  that 's true for both dutch chambers as well , only the symbol of the second chamber is present ( in the lower house ) and a painting of willem ii in the upper house can also be found , but that 's mostly a historic artefact . 
  stoptrein ? 
  it 's a sprinter , gramps . 
  guess it 's too late for us lol, 
  source ? 
   not_kgb somehow that 's not so surprising ... 
  holy shit no wonder the us lost in vietnam . 
  that country , if armed , is an army . 
  i had polar star and polestar confused for a second there, 
  needs to be rwd though, 
  open borders yo, 
  i disagree tbh, 
  yeah but yours are wider , with better drivers and , frankly , better speed limits . 
  http://www.apple.com/ie/customer-letter/ english version for every non-french person . 
  you do n't think they have a fucking army of lawyers who 've all read it by now ? 
  yes , as a caravan warning to germans when we 're on the autobahn . 
  tbh that works in holland . 
  48 million annually on the a2 alone, 
  calm down , if anyone 's germany 's sidekick it 's us , not france . 
  belgium is france 's sidekick . 
  the most simpelest css ever , just a banner image and that 's it . 
  just cause it has flags it 's better ? 
  i much prefer r/europe 's css . 
  yeah , that 's the other side of the coin . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's not a bad thing for america . 
   tpp no bearing on europe . 
  try ttip . 
   if us indeed controls europe , brexit wouldnt have happened . 
  why not ? 
  the eu without the uk is a smaller eu with less bargaining power . 
  the us would profit from that on the long term . 
  it 's how i remembered ... 
  `` it 's not a problem because it 's worse in some other places , '' and meanwhile there has been an enormous surge of racial violence . 
  you can ignore the problem or face it , and it 's clear what you have elected to do . 
  tea , biscuits , and racial violence . 
  the executive branch is unelected in most eu countries . 
  what makes it democratic is the parliament . 
  the executive branch is indirectly elected in the eu , too . 
  the word most people use is `` civil servants , '' who are vital to running a government . 
  fair . 
  the fact remains though that the eu in brussels is far less bureaucratic than national governments . 
  it 's actually kind of a skeleton government . 
  remember , the things these taxes build are economic boosts to the people there , the people here and we all prosper . 
  their leader sucking is a minor thing in that . 
  of all the governments that are seated in brussels , the eu is the least bureaucratic . 
  by far . 
  all these flavours , and yet you choose to be salty . 
  the opposite is true in the netherlands by the way . 
  besides that , surely it 's the same in turkey . 
  so many things to criticise the turkish government about , and you pick something that 's just pointless . 
  sweden traded with the nazis too , as well as switzerland . 
  hell , the netherlands traded with imperial germany during the great war too . 
  unfortunately not ... 
  but here 's the kicker : china 's investment in solar technology is driving down the price and it will soon be the most affordable option . 
  dude mayors are n't elected . 
  ( nuclear ) energy is heavily subsidised in france , hence low consumer costs . 
  costs in reality are high : http://www.ucsusa.org/nuclear-power/cost-nuclear-power, 
  i 'm not saying they 're idiots , do n't put words in my mouth . 
  it 's expensive though . 
  they were willing to pay that price for energy independence and that 's their call . 
  might beat it even , with this result . 
  which is funny because 3/4 ( asscher , aboutaleb , koenders ) people involved in responding to the turkey situation are pvda-politicians and they only got 9 seats . 
  also the most expensive . 
  also every party in nl is against nuclear . 
  every single one . 
  and even easier if you had a historic loss ( including people crying ) right before it . 
  lmao economist you amateurs . 
  you labled sgp ( reformed party ) as their youth department sgpj ( reformed party youth ) . 
  they use pencils now , to avoid this, 
  nope , definitely solid left wing, 
  what even is the advantage at that point ? 
  fading ink is a thing, 
  the left lost 15 seats . 
  15 seats . 
  do you not expect any shift right ? 
  hopefully . 
  what sucks is that that devil will take away the huurtoeslag . 
  sharp shift to the right though ... 
  15 seats loss for the left collectively ... 
  let 's not forget the huge detail where they intentionally misled our police forces by sending multiple convoys along multiple routes while insisting that no one was expected . 
  good idea, 
  legally impossible though, 
  you voted between the following in 2014 : - staying in the uk , in nato , and in the eu , with certainty ( that now proved to be quite uncertain ) - leaving the uk but only potentially joining the eu and nato ( nato and eu did n't give certainty because a stronger uk was in their interest so why make this option more attractive ? ), 
  now it 'd be : - staying in the uk and certainly leaving the eu , but certainly staying in nato - leaving the uk , most likely re-joining the eu and probably joining nato, 
  or of course increasing taxes, 
  local areas have local economies , it 's not a homogeneous blob . 
  this is gon na give him a very favorable result wednesday,
