it 's quite possible that 's his plan : economic turmoil for weeks on end and increased exposure to leave 's lack of planning ( already some are admitting their promises ca n't be delivered ) could quickly turn the tide in favour of remain ( it was already neck and neck ) to the point that a dissolution of parliament or a further referendum deciding on what form we 'll be leaving ( which includes the option of remaining ) , all pushed through on a cross party basis ( there 's a parliamentary super-majority for remain ) could deliver with a mandate to never invoke a50 . 
  * row row row your boat steadily back to remain * . 
  no mention of the welsh who also voted for it , i see . 
  before we all despair , it 's quite possible many of these are from brits below the voting age . 
  fair enough , although i did allow for that possibility in my comment . 
  i 'm surprised they do n't just show the ( rough ) figures . 
  unless the values are not what they appear , it 's went from 30 brits googling it to 100 . 
  hardly noteworthy . 
  i fail to understand your point . 
  yes , both referendums ( we/a ) re in large part about sovereignty , was this ever in question ? 
  what ? 
  it 's anti-immigration but not hatred of any particular nations ( in fact the stereotype of polish is that they 're hardworkers who can fix everything for example ) , it 's about a feeling that we 're already overcrowded and trepidation that [ we 're growing faster ] ( https://imgur.com/bamxw6d ) than ever since the 2004 accession into the eu onwards . 
   england has become the most overcrowded major country in europe . 
   population growth is so rapid that four times as many people will soon be crammed in as france and twice as many as germany . 
   england has overtaken the netherlands to become second only to tiny malta as the most densely populated nation in the eu . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33266792 ) that was in 2013 , [ stats show ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33266792 ) ( released on the very day of the poll ) that we 're growing half a million a year , and [ forecasts ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4oz8vb/population_of_each_eu_member_state_in_2015_and/ ) predict we 'll be the most populous european country by 2050 coupled with a housing crisis , attacks on the welfare state , sizeable unemployment and underemployment especially in the wake of the financial crash , cuts to our nhs leading to lengthy waiting times and austerity in full-swing , the population is definitely concerned about immigration . 
  it 's all been driven by neoliberalism under the pretense of belt-tightening but with a large deficit it 's been easy to sell to the electorate it 's a must and it 's no surprise that labour heartlands voted to leave , and analyst are saying leave vote were most correlated with deprivation . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm still a bit dumbstruck that leave won , but that level of immigration , with the arrival of the syrian migrants definitely engendered dissatisfaction with the eu . 
  how do you square `` freedom from brussels '' = hatred of europeans , with `` freedom from westminister '' = nothing to do with the english ? 
  ha , pretty endearing stuff from the french . 
  it 's a shame they fell foul of our elections rules . 
  merci !, 
  [ i 'm every person you need to be , i 'm the cult of personality ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xxgruyzgs0 ), 
  most do n't have the bonkers isds attached , with reassurances special exceptions ( are n't we lucky ) have been made so they do n't destroy our national health service ? 
  wait , what . 
  the free-marketers did n't reshape britain into that until the 1980 's , post-imf bailout and post-falklands . 
  it was no less social democratic than any other european country [ up until that point ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gini_coefficient#/media/file:gini_since_wwii.svg ) . 
  at that time , our socialist opposition was being fielded questions by journalists whether they 'd be sitting with the eurocommunists !, 
  but apparently the dutch were pleading our case as a ( free-market ) break ? 
  do n't let facts get in the way , ey . 
  yeah , as someone more sympathetic to leave on the same basis as yourself , i really hope this gets national attention because it really deserves highlighting and leave should n't be allowed to get away with posting disingenuous shite like this . 
  lol this sub has become such an eu circle-jerk it 's now even singing the praises of fucking ttip . 
  there should n't have to be fucking vetoes wielded or provisions made to except the nhs . 
  so if it 10 years ago , would royal mail also need protecting ? 
  public services now need individual provisions , that wo n't dissuade social democratic governments at all !, 
  as someone who is no fan of orban , this is well done . 
  i disagree that it 's ego-stroking as someone suggested , it just seems respectful ( acknowledging the sensitivity of interjecting into another country 's already fractious internal debate ) and friendly - standing in sharp contrast to the hostility we 've seen . 
  so oppressive they lost the referendum to leave . 
  no , you 're not , you 're just trying desperately to tar 10s of millions with the action of 1 man 's murder , like the cretin you are . 
  you do n't see brexiters doing it either , besides one person that you 've siezed upon because you 're pathetic . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have a rapist in your camp , but what sort of idiot holds it against the 10s of millions voting a certain way . 
  i do n't need to denounce daily mail or anyone who is associated with brexit in the same way you do n't have to in support of your cause for anyone that 's pro-eu ( you 'd have some child molesters , by the way ) , nor do i think moderate muslims ought to apologise for extremists . 
  but it 's telling you 're quite happy to use that logic when it suits you , just like you pro-eu folks do n't mind a bit of bigotry and hatred from yourselves when it comes to labelling english people voting in their own referendum , which again , has precisely fuck all to do with you . 
  as is the case when you 're a group of 10 's of millions of people . 
  remainers will have and are doing two of those three , and that 'd you 'd even bring up a single case of a murderous nutjob in this discussion really speaks volumes of how apt that username of yours is . 
  neither is anyone else . 
  what 's your point ? 
  but i can tell you how absurd and entitled you sound . 
  you 've ran out of patience with a debate that has nothing to do with you . 
  get in your own lane . 
  except corbyn is an island in a sea of blairites , who are constantly threatening to oust him . 
  the idea that upon the election of corbyn put an end to new labour is laughable . 
  it 'll be a long process if it ever does happen . 
  well what are we , a valued member of europe or a thorn in the side of europe ? 
  for years now , it 's sounded like the latter , and our isolation helps show that . 
  it 's bizarre how for years now the chorus from europe has been that they wished the uk would leave . 
  right up until we actually do it and then they start getting spiteful . 
  also russia is as much europe as we are . 
  aka acquiesce to europe 's demands without complaint . 
  if we 're such an obstacle you should be happy we 're leaving . 
  these guys , and the russian response in scrabbling around trying to defend them is the perfect embodiment of why russians are hated . 
  they 've also ensured that where there was no particular animosity between russians & english that has changed for many ( including myself ) . 
  well fair enough then , it 's unfortunate he did n't stop where you thought he did . 
  as i say , i 'd be interested in a poll because i think he 's far from alone in russia in defending these hooligans . 
  well to be fair i did n't say you did , i said dzyuba did . 
  when i said you were trying to soften his statements , it was because you 'd opted to not mention he was claiming it was 50:50 , and instead was simply saying england shared some of the blame . 
   dzyuba with respect you 're doing what dzyuba did , trying to soften his statements , that were in turn trying to soften russian hooligan 's actions . 
  completely telling that his comments were all about percieved injustice . 
  have you seen any reports of english fans going explicitly looking for trouble ? 
  because we have with russia - they even filmed and uploaded it for viewing pleasure . 
  have we seen any russian fans seriously injured by english fans ? 
  because at least two english are in a coma right now . 
  it 's laughable that after witnessing russian hooligans rampaging through the stands met with no retaliation from the english and causing a crush , he 's left with boos and chants as support for his 50:50 claim . 
  one 's unquestionably got a segment of organised hooligans who are fearless to any uefa prosecution , boldly attacking in stadium , and the other is a segment of loutish drunken support who can and will provoke , fight and brawl , but are clearly not there for it . 
  as i say though , your foreign minister and striker are bitching about punishment from uefa and equivocating their fans actions with england because in reality i do n't think the current russian ethos is to give a fuck . 
  with quotes from lavrov & dzyuba i 'd be interested in a russian poll on it because i would n't be surprised to see the majority of russians defend their ultra 's actions . 
  it seems they 're not particularly bothered defending the indefensible if it suits russia . 
  funny because before this tourney i was more sympathetic to russia than i 'd guess was the norm here in the uk but now having seen their attitude on display and the reaction to it , i 've been well and truly disillusioned of the thought that the russia could be reasoned with . 
  but to answer your point : trump is shaping opinions about the us ( like bush did ) . 
  russian apologia is not limited to ldp . 
  did n't suggest you were , it was more that you ca n't understand why or are complaining about it knowing your country has that outlook . 
  does n't russia pride itself on not giving a fuck what europe thinks about it ( hence the recent comments supporting their murderous hooligans by some senior figures ) ? 
  it seems odd to complain now . 
  australia . 
  i think you 're kidding yourself , to be honest . 
  no-one 's denying that choices have to be made , or that policies ca n't please everyone , but simply stating the fact that certain voting systems are designed to restrict your choice , and that it 's a bit intellectually dishonest to just retort `` you voted for it '' knowing full well the coercion and lesser-evilism involved . 
  fact is , like a lot of policies that were once available to be voted on , and gain majority support amongst the population , it 's now offered by solely also-rans and fringe parties that are nearly all electorally nonviable . 
  so with the system so sown up ( a narrow overton window ) you could take away positive votes for all manner of things that in reality enjoy little support . 
  yeah , i think that 's why corbyn won - because he was n't . 
  but he 's hopelessly outnumbered so until labour elect more mps that are n't blairites they may as well not have bothered . 
  hence / u/mrzakalwe 's initial point that you had an issue with . 
  he 's forced into choices he does n't want to make . 
  you say he * must * have a preference , but what kind of preference ? 
  a life on the dole barely being able to survive with even the social democrats making your life more difficult for electoral gain , or the possibility of a job with no working protections or social security and possible economic turmoil making his life hard . 
  some choice . 
  yet you were somehow able to find scores of ours to prosecute and none of yours ( nor the russians , who you 've just happily deported ) . 
  it 's very difficult to see why that would be ... but i 'm talking to someone whose claiming we 're provoking russians hooligans who boasted months ago they 'd hunt us and have videod themselves doing just that , and is currently arguing that we 're responsible for a suicide despite the article he provided completely contradicting it , so i think we can guess why . 
  lock ^ up ^ those ^ perfidious ^ rosbif, 
  loads of reasons . 
  for instance a working class bloke could want to end freedom of movement because it hurts his ability to find work , and depresses wages on the low-end of the scale .
