what signs of institutional development can you see ? 
   we are playing the good guys like retards wait , what ? 
  depends on how you count costs . 
  purely operational costs ( without investments for new wells ) is way less than 10 $ . 
  so pumping oil from the ground is profitable , the problem for russia is that taxes from the industry have fallen dramatically , and the budget ( from which op gets paid ) is unsustainable with current prices . 
   but russia would n't be able to produce oil and gas in a profitable manner what are you talking about ? 
  russia produces oil in a profitable manner . 
  so have it ever happened to the paying customers ? 
  there were multiple ballots for every voter , two in moscow , up to four in other regions . 
  the woman threw three papers . 
  seems ok to me . 
  what 's wrong with the first video ? 
  and i 'm pretty sure that the results from the polling place in the second video will be void , because the publicity of this event is high . 
  but it 's unlikely that these criminals would be prosecuted as they should . 
  i would say the elections themselves ( voting and counting ) are more or less fair . 
  there are cases of fraud , but lately it seems to be local , not state-wide initiative . 
  what happens before the election day is actually more problematic for opposition - spoiler participants , difficulties with party registration , etc. 
  our existing liberal opposition also does n't help , they were n't able to unite and ruined any chance to pass 5 % threshold . 
  still , a lot of putin support is genuine , nobody can deny that . 
  and voter apathy is everywhere , millions of people do n't vote because `` my vote does n't matter '' , `` all politicians are the same '' , so voter turnout ratio is abysmal . 
  it 's kind of a chicken-and-egg problem . 
  `` oppressed minorities '' / `` persecution of political opponents '' i guess . 
  i guess it can help against retaliation strike . 
   the entire business model of uber rests on the information assymetry . 
  if you take into account the depreciation of the vehicle and the cut that uber takes , then you can infer that the drivers earn just above minimum wage . 
  so , were is `` the information assymetry '' exactly ? 
   tatarstan want to be independent . 
  you 're full of bs . 
  have you ever been there ? 
   in ukraine she is known as dr. mengele . 
  are you trying to depict ukrainians as mentally handicapped people ? 
  i really doubt that more than dozen idiots use such a comparison . 
  you do realize that all these designs are from the fifties , right ? 
   the german authorities know this , and adding a few hundred thousand migrants to the population should hopefully help offset the aging population . 
  i do n't understand this argument . 
  germany can rather easily attract a few hundred thousand migrants , and it could be migrants with documents which can be checked at least . 
  well , i 'm pleased to hear that actually . 
   languages are of enormous cultural , historical , societal , and political importance , so the loss of any language is a bad thing . 
  the conclusion is logically unfounded . 
  smallpox also had a cultural , historical , societal and political importance , i guess we should have kept it in the wild . 
  obviously not all important things must be preserved . 
  so this is your comment which is simply ignorant and arrogant . 
   trading stocks of existing companies does nothing productive . 
  it obviously does . 
  without secondary market for stocks , investors would be much more reluctant to participate in ipos , thus increasing the cost of capital for companies , thus reducing productivity . 
  that 's finance 101 for you . 
   the gas pipe builders get their money when it 's built , not from use . 
  and the gas supplier will get more money from the 15 years that gas is still relevant . 
  only people loosing are the people buying electricity and the power companies . 
  the power companies ceos wont be around in 20 years and what matters to them are savings now . 
  sorry , you do n't make sense . 
  the gas supplier here makes the larger half of investment . 
  you say that it 's a sound investment ( `` will get more money from the 15 years that gas is still relevant '' ) , but ask why the hell they do it ? 
  sorry , what 's the contradiction ? 
  poland feels entitled to receive gas transport fees , that does not depend on russian behavior . 
   why the hell are people trying to build new infrastructure for fossil fuels at this point ? 
  it might be cheaper than solar/wind + storage for 10 , maybe 15 years , but after that it 's useless . 
  well , either they are much more stupid than you and will lose a lot of money ( why does that worry you by the way ? 
  ) , or you miscalculate something . 
  you ca n't be stupid enough to propose spending energy to make propane and then burning it to extract far less energy , right ? 
  it 's really funny that you 're downvoted for posting pure facts . 
  i mean , you can argue that putin hijacked this symbol or something , but saying it was introduced by him ... wtf our estonian friends are smoking ? 
   in wearing a miniskirt there is no inherent provocation . 
  there are people who disagree with that , you know ? 
   its common sense not victim blaming it can be both , why do you see a contradiction ? 
  some lawful behavior is more likely to cause violence againts you than the other ( common sense ) , but by discussing it after the fact you implicitly make the victims of the violence share responsibility ( victim blaming ) . 
  just saying . 
  or go to some dirty street at night , wearing a miniskirt . 
  not the smartest idea , right ? 
  let 's tell the victim she should n't have done that . 
  in that case you would most likely be breaking the law , so i bet you would get arrested sooner . 
  why not ? 
   not condoning what happened , but it 's not far fetched to assume that wearing a miniskirt will result in you getting raped . 
  this pattern is as close to victim blaming template as it gets . 
   its not far fetched to assume that displaying such items will result in less than favorable reactions by the locals . 
  nice victim blaming , pal . 
   gazprom media  mail.ru sounds like bullshit . 
  source ? 
  median income in china has risen quite dramatically during last few decades . 
  so it contradicts your point , not proves it . 
  does that contradict what i 'm saying ? 
  stop disgracing yourself and learn how to read . 
   i mean , i would say no . 
  if i ca n't check its power , i ca n't trust it , ever . 
  whatever i agree to , i need a peaceful way to remove whoever 's leading . 
  ah , ok . just do n't be upset to be left permanently behind in this hypothetical scenario . 
   btw in any existing democracy you as an individual ca n't check the power of state in any meaningful way either . 
   you 're not a fan of democracy . 
  where did you get this from ? 
  it 's not like this thread is complicated to comprehend . 
   ok , so what authoritarian leader are you offering as an example ? 
  i have n't planed to do that , but if you insist ... lee kuan yew is a popular choice as far as i know . 
   the ideal form of government is one where the perfect genius enlightened ruler is an absolute monarch , but no such thing exists . 
  so , our worldview is not that different after all . 
  if strong and benevolent ai emerged , we would both embrace it . 
  democracy is n't the end goal , it 's merely the best system to achieve the real goals nowadays   if you offered me putin why would i do that ? 
   for me , democracy is the end goal . 
  so , if i offered you an algorithm to choose and enforce the most capable and honest decision makers , whose goals are fully aligned with the average joe , you would decline , just because you would have no say ? 
  even if it 's guaranteed that this algorithm will perform better over short and long term in terms of economic prosperity , and possibly other desired properties ( low inequality , personal freedoms , etc ) ? 
   a lot of ukrainians agree with that , regardless of how their experiment ends .
