`` to dampen the flames slightly , the spanish foreign minister has already said that he does n't think spain is interested in putting gibraltar at the centre of its negotiation requirements . 
  on the issue of gibraltar , seen by some as a potentially serious stumbling block for the talks , mr dastis said : `` my personal opinion is that we wo n't put gibraltar at the centre of negotiations . 
  the situation is actually very clear and there is nothing for us to ask for : the uk leaves the eu and gibraltar leaves the eu . 
  if gibraltar wants to make a life outside the eu , they are perfectly free to do so . '' mr dastis , a career diplomat who served as spain 's representative to the eu before being appointed foreign minister in november , praised mrs may for what he described as her `` useful '' speech on brexit last week . 
  `` it clarified things in the sense that we know she wants a free-trade agreement that is both deep and wide , '' he said . 
  `` it should be possible to achieve that , though whether it will ultimately satisfy the uk i do n't know . 
  the devil is in the detail . '' he insisted the eu had no desire to foist an unfavourable brexit deal on britain simply to dissuade other states from leaving . 
  `` i think the case of brexit is singular and very specific to the uk . 
  the uk never felt comfortable inside the union and sometimes we did n't feel comfortable with the uk either , '' he said . 
  arguing that the eu was not aiming to take business from the london financial centre , he added : `` what we want is to preserve the integrity of the internal market and preserve the preferential status of those countries that are inside the union . 
  but that does not mean weakening the city . '' https://www.ft.com/content/40075c22-e314-11e6-9645-c9357a75844a '' this is a quote from a news article . 
  spain does n't want sovereignty over gibraltar ( well they do but it 's not a priority in negotiations and they do n't expect to get it ) what they want is for gibraltar to cease being a tax haven for spanish companies and for border control to prevent the chronic smuggling . 
  something else that should be noted is that gibraltar is not part of the uk . 
  it is a british overseas territory and makes its own laws . 
  therefore it makes sense for the country that will be interacting with it the most to have a say over whether gibraltar should be counted . 
  lastly , i have to say that the british reaction to this has been nuts , the eu gives spain power over negotiations with a british overseas territory and suddenly people start accuse the eu of trying to annex territory . 
  the idea of `` let 's just give up on negotiating rather than talk through our issues like adults '' seams like a pretty glaring flaw, 
  someone else want to take over and point out the flaws in this reasoning ? 
  not worth my time at this point . 
  could you word your question a bit better please ? 
  ( coke zero does n't actually have any sodium benzoate but most of america 's fizzy drinks do . ), 
  they already have that , every country already has a veto . 
  giving extra negotiating power to the 3 countries that actively border the uk ( cyprus , ireland , spain ) just seems logical to me . 
  it seems like the british politicians newspapers have taken this and spun it into an anti-eu message but imagine if the situation was reversed and ireland had left the eu with the uk remaining . 
  would n't you expect to be able to have a bigger role than say , romania ? 
  not 100 % true , there 's a shitload of american products that ca n't be sold in the eu . 
  we do n't have a free trade deal . 
  for example most american meat is illegal to sell here because of the shit you put in the animals . 
  your fizzy drinks have sodium benzoate which is banned here because it causes cancer . 
  there 's a bunch more things you ca n't sell as well . 
  they fucked up when choosing switzerland 's colour but apart from that this is great . 
  uncertainty on what kind of deal you 're going to get . 
  if they have to pay export tariffs that would be costly . 
  a weak currency also leads to higher costs of importing raw materials . 
  also a weak currency can lead to high inflation which will in turn lead to workers ' wanting wage increases . 
  basically 2 and 3 will erode a large amount of the profits generated by the increased sales and point 1 creates a level of uncertainty that discourages investment . 
  iceland do n't want to join because they value their fishing rights to much to give them up . 
  you can quite clearly see from their coins that they the fishing industry is pretty important to them http://www.numisinvest.com/upload/iblock/134/134a7f93bd79ac47af0d65fa9d72af12_thumb_60bbd9f0157b34e8.png, 
  in america it often seems like one of the republicans ' main goals is to ensure that there are enough stupid people in every generation for them to maintain power in the future . 
  ( a ) selecting one candidate with an in-party vote before time is still worse ( from a giving the majority of people what they want point of view ) than putting in 2 candidates into the vote that the general public makes ( b ) i 'm pretty sure the `` parliamentary type system '' you 're referring to is britain , which kind of proves my point since the uk also uses first past the post . 
  i 'm making the argument that av is better than fptp , not that a parliamentary system is better than the american federal system . 
  2 . yeah i know that you guys have county councils too . 
  my point is that in ireland the county councils hold the power , not the mayors . 
  we do n't ever have a single person setting the agenda for the local area . 
  3 . anyone in europe would consider the tea party an extreme fringe but i guess that americans have a different outlook on what extreme right is . 
  ( europeans view the democratic party as right of centre ) . 
  wow , that 's fucked up, 
  i agree , a two party system is n't inherently bad . 
  in fact it 's at least somewhat necessary in a country as vast and sprawling as america as it should allow for faster decision making ( however due to political polarisation this is n't actually the case ) . 
  however , the alternative vote method does trend towards 2 main parties ( this is not applicable to presidential elections ) . 
  for the senate and state elections the big difference would be that a party will be able to put 2 people up for election in one state . 
  then by selecting the one they prefer ( as a result of no spoiler effect ) they 'll be better able to influence their party 's policies . 
  however , if a party goes to far to the right or left they may alienate their voters and a new party might get an opportunity to grow . 
  this leads to a less polarised government and more unified planning for the government . 
  this is the super abbreviated version . 
  you should probably find a book written by someone smarter and more eloquent than me if you want a better explanation of the effects av would have on the us . 
  we have county councils who run things , not mayors . 
  both mayoral and presidential roles are largely ceremonial in ireland . 
  they act more as ambassadors rather than leaders . 
  the tea party is an extreme fringe with significant representation . 
  also here 's 2 educational videos on fptp and av https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=s7twhjfhiyo&amp;itct=casqpdaybyitcm-hss3l4dicfq-avqodurgo0zigcmvsbwz1spkbo8njzppilwe%3d https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3y3je3b8hse ( yes the animals are a bit cheesy but they 're used to avoid bias ) this is what we use in ireland . 
  difficult to scale up to the size of the us but worth having a look at . 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=l8xozjkozfi and if you 've gotten this far i 'd recommend watching his gerrymandering videos and seeing how your local area looks with that in mind, 
  alternative vote is a perfectly effective system for electing people to a single seat . 
  it also removes the problem of the 2 party system and tactical voting . 
  i 'm not to big a fan of power being concentrated so heavily in single seats in the first place . 
  it seems a bit ridiculous to believe that just 1 person can adequately represent such a massive group of people . 
  in ireland we have 3-5 representatives per district . 
  our political leader is the head of a main party but he has no more power than any other td without the support of his/her party . 
  i realise that some bits would be difficult to implement in a country as large as america and the spreading of power has some disadvantages but i 'd take my country 's system over yours every day of the week . 
  irish here , honestly i 'd rather have my `` half a country '' than have to deal with america 's fucked up electoral process ( not just the electoral college , but the entire first past the post system ) every time . 
  from a purely political perspective they do suck though . 
  they are periodically either extremely regressive or slightly progressive , politically inconsistent and overly aggressive internationally . 
  and worst of all we ca n't just ignore them because they 're a huge economic powerhouse with nukes . 
  you do for bloody satellites , you 're stretching the metaphor further than is reasonable . 
  yes , i understand that they went through the same manufacturing process . 
  that was necessary for me to be able to do the math in the first place , if the clocks were manufactured differently i would n't have been able to do any calculations . 
  true , i probably should have done more research first , true i was overly dismissive given that fact . 
  i genuinely feel bad about that . 
  however i did take my lack of in depth knowledge into account for the calculations 3 . 
  my initial calculations were actually quite generous towards your idea , i gave you a 1/2 failure rate instead of the current 1/8 , i then said that 1-2 would likely fail when my calculations said that only one would fail in order to try and account for the possibility that the failures were n't independent of one another despite evidence that they were independent through the numbers given in the initial article . 
  after doing research my conclusion is still the same , there 's no way enough will fail to justify scrapping the program and in my opinion it was a dumb and completely unsubstantiated thing to say in the 1st place . 
  one double failure and 7 single failures would indicate that the odds of 2 clocks failing on the same satellite is no more likely than the odds of 1 clock failing ( in fact it 's less likely but i assumed that the lower number was a fluke and gave you the independant numbers as a benefit of the doubt because then it 's even less likely ) , thus my treating them as independent events seems like a fairly logical conclusion . 
  and even taking the facts listed in that article into account i struggle to see more than 2 satellites failing , i 'll admit that the math was n't perfect , i was n't arsed to do to much research or to calculate the separate failure rates for the 2 types of clocks individually but my point that it 's hugely unlikely that any satellite at all will fail , never mind enough to close the program , still stands . 
  also my second calculation took the fact that both were failing into account , otherwise the calculations would n't be necessary because there would n't be a problem . 
  if you think writing them all off rather than replacing the 1 or 2 that might fail is the right call then you 're an idiot . 
  ( quick math lesson , 1/8 of the clocks have failed , the odds of all 4 on a given satellite failing is ( 1/4096 ) * 14 , even if half of the clocks fail that means that ( 1/16 ) * 14 will fail ( or less than 1 on average ) . 
  and this is why your idea of entirely stopping the project is moronic , in cold hard numbers  edit : 14 should read 18 , was doing it from memory due to mobile, 
  exactly , honestly it 's not that hard to get rid of . 
  wrap it in a very thick metal container , chuck it down a deep unused mine , post guards so nobody tries to steal the waste . 
  citing fukushima is being unfair to nuclear . 
  you ca n't use one case where some idiots cut corners and build on an active faultline as an excuse to completely ignore a perfectly viable power source . 
  if it 's only one of the 2 types failing then that 's not really that big an issue . 
  they still have 2 working clocks on each satellite at minimum . 
  if you 're negotiators are idiots and insist they still get it for free even though they 're not part of the eu , then yes , that 's a worst case scenario . 
  it 's pretty unlikely though in my opinion . 
  it 's more like losing your deposit when you agree to rent for a year and back out after only a month . 
  simple ( and fair ) solution , the uk pays it 's fair share of the launch and upkeep cost and it 's gets coverage . 
  if the uk refuses to pay upkeep then it gets no coverage . 
  ( normally i 'd suggest they get the money they 've already invested back but the eu probably approved the plan assuming the uk would contribute upkeep , basically the uk loses it 's deposit after agreeing to rent the apartment but backing out last minute ),
