  this is great . 
  i do n't 100 % agree with all your points but you covered all the bases excellently . 
  til ireland has n't had an earthquake in over 1000 years . 
  stop spreading that bullshit . 
  that 's mostly caused by how the figures are recorded . 
  in sweden a crime that consists of 8 different cases of rape will often only be recorded as 1 in other countries . 
  britain will be leaving in april 2019 right ? 
  so that 's 9 months extra ? 
  will eu subsidies still continue for that period ? 
  http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2017/jan/05/tracking-obamas-top-25-campaign-promises/ have a look at this . 
  these are his top 25 promises . 
  he made genuine attempts of to complete almost all of them . 
  though congress usually forced him to make compromise . 
  actually on average politicians complete 70 % of campaign promises . 
  i think obama did something like 80 % iirc . 
  while not explicitly said , it was implied . 
  this sort of `` i did n't go to a fancy university therefore i 'm smarter than the people who went to that university '' point of view is an interesting trend . 
  this is the same sort of anti-intellectualism that got trump elected over in america . 
  edit : my problem is not with you attacking the fact that those people are often from wealthy and upper class families . 
  my problem is with you attacking their level of education . 
  most people liked the canadian free trade deal . 
  there was just 1 region of belgium that had a problem with it . 
  the american free trade deal was bullshit though . 
  the deal would have allowed companies to sue eu governments if they passed environmental laws that affected the companies profits . 
  my preference is for `` mango mussolini '' or `` cheeto benito '', 
  just saying , we ca n't elect a right-wing populist since we do n't have an option too , 
  ireland has no far right populist party you 'll be happy to hear . 
  we have 2 big centre right ( think us democratic party and make them slightly less progressive ) and 2 centre left as well as a smattering of smaller parties and a bunch of indipendants . 
  did someone get ireland and iceland confused on the % scale on the right . 
  criticising the germans for the holocaust , which they have apologized for non-stop for the last 60 years , while still denying the existence of the armenian genocide ... that either takes really big balls or a really small brain . 
  thank you . 
  someone sensible in this chat . 
  i assumed this was sarcasm but reading your other comments this is your actual opinion ? 
  why would you want this ? 
  most of france agrees labour reform is necessary . 
  why would you want to further put off something that successive governments have been putting off for well over a decade . 
  definitely different levels of awful . 
  both of them might have been different levels of corrupt/inept but arlene foster beats them in both categories and then on top of that , is a homophobic religious nut case . 
  have you seen the ni politicians ? 
  they elect awful people regularly . 
  the religious situation is still toxic and they 're poorer than the rest of ireland . 
  i 'm pro-reunification but it 'll be painful and i can understand why people are opposed to the idea . 
  good bot, 
  netanyahu is still a self-centered dick who ca n't see things from anyone else 's point of view . 
  nothing new here . 
  fair enough . 
  that makes sense then . 
  and the en marche people ? 
  actually , in france members from all political parties are being caught in the scandal . 
  from en marche to melenchon to le pen . 
  just because you have n't heard about it does n't mean it 's not happening . 
  ( and there 's an article about it as the 4th/5th `` hottest '' post on r/europe right now so you somehow managed to skip that on your way to this ), 
  and i think the government should apply rules equally on all autonomous regions not just when it politically suits them . 
  i do n't disagree with more oversight . 
  i disagree with the fact that it 's targeted directly at it 's political opposition . 
  that 's not healthy for a democracy . 
  so it 's only important to root out corruption when it benefits the ruling party ... that sounds like a fair and just society / s, 
  should n't that be done everywhere in all regions ? 
  iceland has the same amount of hours of sunlight in a year ( provided there are no clouds ) as spain . 
  no need to adjust for latitude since we are taking annual measurements . 
  any issues you have regarding seasonal differences can equally be applied to the rainfall map . 
  therefore i think my image works just fine as a companion to the original . 
  we can do both at once . 
  ( we irish are great multitaskers ) most of us spend our free time drinking in pubs and sheltering from the rain while redditting . 
  this is why we 're always on reddit . 
  to get a better understanding of just what kind of rain heavy/light this map is best viewed with the hours of sunlight map to compare https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/europe_sunshine_hours_map.png, 
  nah , it 's drugs . 
  low cost high profit once the research has been done in another country . 
  all they need to do is not instantly fire the judges and instead phase new ones in using the system they want as the old ones retire . 
  then nobody would have a problem with it . 
  because the pis are firing all the supreme court judges . 
  this means that they get to appoint all the new judges who will be in charge of constitutional interpretations meaning they can pass whatever they want . 
  normally one party never gets that much control because the party making the appointments changes . 
  the actual change is n't too big a deal , its the implementation . 
  having seen ni politics i 'm often glad they got separated from us . 
  ( plus i think the orange order are scum and i 'm a prod ), 
  in this case boring is better than exciting . 
  yeah , and people who walk/cycle have to pay for motorways they do n't use . 
  this is how taxation is supposed to work , you all share costs and you all reap benefits in different ways . 
  the government 's role is to make sure it is as fair and efficient as possible . 
  i think europe leads the way in progressive issues now, 
  hexagonal, 
  efficiency of packing circles is 90.7 % . 
  the layer would be 36.4 cm, 
  poles are awesome too . 
  our countries have such a weird friendship considering the distance . 
  800 years of regular rebellions says differently . 
  methaphors have been in the english language for over 1300 years . 
  how are you only just discovering their existance ? 
  half of your posts are on r/the _ donald . 
  how do you not see the hypocrisy in saying `` must be nice , to say something and not mean it '' while supporting a pathological liar for president ? 
  more resistant rather than immune . 
  i think you 're taking it a little literally . 
  it 's a metaphor . 
  it 's saying that we 've realized that populism is n't the route we need for that change to occur . 
  not that people wo n't vote for change . 
  at least it makes a bit more sense with you guys ( but still quite annoying i 'd imagine ) . 
  i was asked about how i voted in brexit a lot when i was i vancouver last summer . 
  technically interest free loans are a form of debt relief . 
  and it is n't even necessarily more debt , have you heard of the concept of rollover loans ?
