think they copied the swedish with this . 
  eurobarometer [ here ] ( http://www.rferl.org/contentinfographics/data-visualization-eu-migrants/27237198.html ) . 
  after they 've served their time , austria can try and begin deportation proceedings and revocation of their refugee status . 
  they 'll take it to court , they 'll win , some lawyers will make a lot of money and the taxpayer will pick up the tab . 
  that 's the reality . 
  i tend to agree with you but it 's highly unlikely . 
  if they 've been granted asylum , rightly or wrongly , they ca n't be deported upon completion of their sentence . 
   it is not how it has been done in the past and it would go entirely against what the irish government has said regarding the matter the law changes and they have n't registered with the fbr . 
  why would there be an exception or an extension period given to people who have n't bothered registering ? 
   it would go entirely against what the irish government has said regarding the matter ( they have reassured everyone that the policy wo n't change ) . 
  this current government wo n't be in office too long and when exactly did they say that the law wo n't change in the future ? 
  you people are taking the absolute piss and using us an eu passport farm . 
  this needs to stop . 
   i do as the law does apply to me , so obviously i 'd personally prefer it stays the same . 
  of course you do . 
  you 're getting a great deal from us . 
   but i also support scottish independence and the policy set out in the white paper which would see scotland also grant citizenship to people with scottish grandparents , so i come at it from both sides . 
  hypothetical policy from a hypothetical independent country . 
  you pissed your pants when it mattered . 
  i do n't care about your white paper as it will never come to be . 
   are more likely to just feel salty about people getting passports you 're not irish , not part of irish society and should not have my nations citizenship . 
  what is the point of citizenship , if not that ? 
  so brits with a small connection to ireland can avoid the non eu queue ? 
  another thing . 
  you people have a terrible reception abroad . 
  we do n't . 
  giving loads of you citizenship could negatively affect our reception too . 
  if the law changes and they have n't registered with the fbr , then they of course will be cut off . 
  they would no longer qualify . 
   not that ireland would even want to change the rules because in reality the bump in applications is small in real terms if there was a referendum tomorrow our citizenship citizenship by descent policies would change . 
  the last time we had a referendum on our citizenship laws , it passed [ 79/21 ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/twenty-seventh_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland ) . 
  and that was for children born in ireland . 
  never mind people born and raised abroad to parents born and raised abroad . 
   they get a whole lot of people who feel more irish than they otherwise would do from just having an irish grandparent nobody cares if a load of plastics from the uk who are only using us an eu passport farm feel irish or not . 
  plastic paddys are viewed with universal disdain and mockery . 
  it 's not a benefit in the slightest . 
  they 're the ones benefiting by retaining the golden ticket - an eu passport . 
  we get nothing in return . 
  just so we are clear , do you have a dog in this fight ? 
  are you a brit who is using us to retain an eu passport ? 
  the only people who argue that we should keep our generous citizenship by descent policies are those who have benefited from them or are close to someone who has . 
  it 's not very popular policy at present . 
  why would it only apply to people born after the law changes ? 
  if the law changes and they have n't registered with the fbr , then they 'd be cut off . 
  they do n't . 
  they give ancestry visas to people with citizenship in a commonwealth country who had a british born grandparent . 
  it 's a five year visa , after it they can apply for pr and a few years after that , eventually they can apply for citizenship . 
  you do n't give citizenship to people solely because they had a grandparent born in the uk . 
  yet here some of you are lecturing us on our citizenship laws and the need to keep them the way they are . 
  it 's as hilarious as it is hypocritical . 
   you obviously have n't talked to many immigrants then . 
  of course i have . 
  but i rely on stats and figures to help form my opinions instead of my interaction with a limited number of people . 
   cheapened ? 
  was it ever valuable ? 
  the only benefit of the irish passport is the eu status . 
  if ireland was n't in the eu , nobody would want a passport . 
  precisely , people , such as yourself , only want it as it 's an eu passport . 
  not to become part of irish society . 
  what 's the point of citizenship , if not that ? 
   umm , because they 're entitled to it ? 
  then we change the laws so they 're no longer entitled to it . 
   try $ 950 . 
  but do n't let facts get in the way of your outrage . 
  that 's for naturalisation through residency . 
  we are talking about citizenship through descent . 
  facts , indeed . 
   oh , so let 's just throw away the good friday agreement then . 
  let 's see how well that works shall we ? 
  the gfa and our citizenship by descent laws have nothing to do with each other . 
  our laws predate the gfa by decades . 
  you 're lucky there 's no civics exam for citizenship . 
   from the non-eu nationals i have spoken to , yes . 
  and the eu nationals i have spoken to are here for work and as always , ca n't wait to get back home . 
  it 's anecdotal . 
  the fact is that in the last fifteen years ireland went from having one of the most homogenous populations in the eu 15 , to having the fourth largest immigrant population within the eu 28 . 
  i doubt that even a large minority are here purely to obtain a visa or passport to get into other eu member states . 
   and why do you care if the country gives people citizenship and do n't contribute to society ? 
  it 's harmful in that our nations citizenship is being cheapened by it being handed out like confetti to people who are only obtaining it for a back up or to hold on to an eu passport . 
  not so that they can become part of irish society , live here , work here , pay taxes and vote here . 
  what 's the point of giving citizenship to someone if they 've no interest in becoming part of that nations society ? 
   in fact , it brings in a lot of money for the country . 
  how ? 
  it costs a mere $ 300 . 
  are you under the impression that running passport offices , embassies , passports , staff etc does n't cost money ? 
   well , i did get mine last year but of course . 
  the only people who think our citizenship laws at present should stay the same are those that have a dog in the fight . 
   most foreigners i 've met here in dublin are only here for visa/passport gateway to europe . 
  nobody wants to settle here . 
  per capita , ireland has the [ fourth largest ] ( http://emn.ie/media/2013_populationbybirth2.png ) immigrant population within the eu . 
  they 're all here just to get passports or visas as a stepping stone into other eu member states , are they ? 
   so ireland needs these people as much as they need it . 
  why does ireland people need to give citizenship to people who have no interest in becoming part of irish society or living here and only want irish citizenship as a means to access a travel document ? 
  that 's all they view irish citizenship as . 
  a means to access an eu passport . 
  you would n't be someone who recently availed of an irish passport , would you ? 
  the uk does n't give citizenship to people purely because they had a grandparent or great grandparent born there . 
  so what 's your point ? 
   hiking the price up would be sensible , but taxing irish citizens abroad is moronic . 
  it 's not about the money .
