  because moving on and attempting to build a prosperous and successful society and country can wait until you get the recognition you want ? 
  also , are you really playing the holocaust pissing contest ? 
  `` my genocide is worse than your genocide , so give me more recognition ? '', 
  way to show solidarity . 
  this sounds a lot more like a demand for attention than any cause in promoting awareness of genocides and human rights issues . 
   * of course , it does not help if at the founding moment of a nation-state there was a great crime being perpetrated that is probably the case for most nation-states , however . 
  what happened was pretty terrible , but you guys really need to let this one go . 
  do n't you have other things to be getting on with by now ? 
  amsterdam definitely wins . 
  / r/polandball is one of my favourite subreddits . 
  it overall seems very good-humoured and has a great atmosphere where no one is better than anyone else , and everyone is a candidate for parody , 
  which more says something about america , i think , than sweden . 
  i think it was supposed to be patronising , but in a friendly rivalry kind of way , 
   unnatural behavior i hope you are n't an anthropologist if that is all it takes for you to make a value judgement about what is `` natural behaviour '' . 
  right after you get good enough to play real democracy , kk ? 
  well , i get super excited still . 
  we have a massive party for the finals every year accompanied by a drinking game . 
   edit : grammar, 
  the majority were , however , for completing accession talks before deciding before the new government there unilaterally cancelled them . 
  exactly !, 
  whenever anyone says , `` but the music is awful ! '', 
  i just shake my head . 
  they 've already missed the point . 
  the memes , or eurovision ? 
  just wait until eurovision . 
  it produces months of baffling memes for the americans . 
  tell me more . 
  if you are willing to point out parties whose positions are similar , i 'm happy to either admit defeat or give a position on why i do n't think that makes a party as categorically right-wing . 
  attacking my origin , on the other hand , is a rather low form of discussion . 
  to speak to the ideology of these positions , i would say that all of them sit firmly on the right , and would say that applies regardless of which party supports them . 
  i certainly see nothing remotely leftist in positions supported by ukip in their particular set , however . 
  it is not entirely accurate to suggest that ukip are `` just eurosceptic '' , as if a position on the european union is completely orthogonal to where a party lies on the political spectrum . 
  i do n't think you can properly blame the us for all ignorant , overreligious , and populist ideas that exist in europe . 
  although some people have adopted some branding tactics , i think you 'll find that some themes in the rhetoric of such parties are nearly ubiquitous . 
  it says more about the nature of such bigotry and ignorance than it does about influence . 
  racism is not just about outward appearance , either . 
  i lived in britain for five years and hold two degrees from a ( very highly-ranked ) british university . 
  i am not exactly culturally or politically illiterate when it comes to the uk . 
  so their stances on taxes ( cuts in corporate taxes , abolition of the inheritance tax ) , gay rights ( openly against gay marriage ) , the human rights act ( it 's repeal and therefore the withdrawal of the uk from the echr ) , and healthcare are what , exactly ? 
  it is still racism . 
  it 's making judgments about a group based on the fact that said group comprises a race . 
  racism does n't necessarily imply `` hate all races not one 's own '' . 
  ( this should be good ) what are they , then ? 
  the us does n't have a monopoly on populism . 
  this has been a thing in the uk for at least five years . 
  they had them when i moved there , and it was a very `` wat '' moment . 
  i asked him . 
  also eurovision . 
  most tasteful european event of the year , and a chance to confuse non-european redditors every year . 
  he already said `` gays '' =p, 
  funny , i know a moldovan who went to study in turkey ( now he lives/works in sweden ), 
  alos , of course , one is allowed to have a pluralistic cultural identity . 
  this is only going to become more common and saying that one is swedish , greek , or american does n't imply that that is the totality of their cultural/national/ethnic identity . 
  i certainly have one having grown up mostly in one country but having spent most of my adult life in another . 
  i think that old world countries are unaccustomed to thinking of their societies in these terms . 
  ethnicity and where one is born still is still deeply-ingrained as a determining factor in how people regard one another , whereas most new world countries are much more accustomed to accepting people based on embracing the culture of the host country . 
  this is certainly getting better in sweden , and people are more and more accustomed to immigrants and children of immigrants and seeing those who settle here as swedish once they attain citizenship , learn the language , etc , but it is still frustrating , especially for the children of immigrants who still get asked , `` where are you from ? '', 
  `` sweden '' , `` but ... before then . . '' , `` there is no before then , i was born and raised in sweden '', 
  that does n't make it right ... 
  that is a common problem non-white people have in sweden . 
  even if it is n't malicious , it does n't make people on the receiving end feel great when they are told they are only `` half-swedish '' . 
  tactical voting is still present in pr ( proportional representation ) schemes , but it 's still a lot better than fptp . 
  oh my god , most incendiary thread ever . 
  i just meant that both parties are cut from the same cloth . 
   excuse me , i mixed them up with true finns . 
  easy mistake to make , imo . 
  haha one more reason for me to disagree with them , then  i actually agree with milj\u00f6partiet on a lot of issues , but their position on nuclear power drives me nuts . 
  the sense of optimism ( or maybe hubris ) we had then did lead people to think pretty big , though . 
  such megaprojects might be unrealistic or impossible 99/100 times , but i think such blue-sky thinking pushes us to think about what we could really accomplish and , who knows , we might realise some such projects . 
  it 's the only way we 'll e.g. 
  colonise mars . 
  edit : for grammar, 
  they might have to admit their fate is , in fact , tied to europe 's =p, 
  well , one oft-repeated feature of swedish politics is that there is broad consensus in certain issues . 
  there may be some debate about the nature of sweden 's eu membership , but by and large eu membership is supported and the eurozone membership is opposed . 
  hard to distinguish yourself in that arena . 
   war for an empty place of land ? 
  at the time you had africa for that . 
  i think some people might take issue with the characterisation that it was `` empty '' =p, 
  it does indeed look like antwerp would win big-time from such a project . 
  well , europe has been relatively peaceful for a while . 
  in such a situation , though , it would n't take much to destroy the dams , maybe even creating flood zones so that , in the event of war , large channels could be re-flooded without destroying e.g. 
  dense urban zones in the newly-drained land . 
   this also has to be old the typesetting and yellowed paper did n't clue you in ? 
  =p edit : also the reference to croydon airport ? 
  i think the block politics in sweden has contributed to that . 
  sure , there are 7 major parties , but one is basically voting for the social democrats or the moderates . 
  some parties distinguish themselves on certain issues ( milj\u00f6partiet comes to mind on nuclear power , immigration ) , but voting for the left in particular is usually a vote for a social democratic minority government with little input from the other parties = /, 
  ukip is an insurgent party =p, 
  yeah , i like these kinds of things as thought experiments more than anything . 
  i think territorial disputes would make the project a non-starter rather than resulting in a war . 
  you could also end up in a situation where the land is officially carved up , but the resulting colonists form a common identity and demand independence . 
  the press has really done the public a disservice in this respect . 
  throughout the reforms the current government has pushed through , the press will report the government 's position or intention ( or the opposition 's ) but few ever question whether reality actually agrees with what a politician claims . 
   ca n't the visa officers distinguish between someone who is legitimate and someone who is n't ? 
  the law does n't allow for very much `` common sense '' in these matters , and it is frankly the laws and regulations are responsible for this , not the man or woman at the border agency . 
  the border agency has also been hugely defunded during austerity and can not reasonably cope with their application load ( it 's also painfully bureaucratic , application for uk work permit : 80 pages ; visa application for swedish work permit : 5 ) . 
  the fact of the matter is that there is a systematic campaign to remove eu migrants from the uk and discourage them from coming and , should they actually come , encourage them to leave before they have a chance to earn settlement . 
  and there is a lot of rhetoric and sentiment to back this up , but none of it can refer to decent data that shows any basis for it . 
  note that , as with many articles surrounding this issue in the uk , there is no discussion about the validity of the concerns nor any data .
