  what you wrote is simply a roundabout way to insult someone 's integrity groundlessly . 
  bacon and egg sandwich . 
  or ( delivery ) pizza . 
  how old are you ? 
  i ask because this used to work for me , but its efficacy has declined with age . 
  it 's not , there are simply multiple ways to interpret it . 
  front national is probably an exception , not the rule . 
  if you look at sverigedemokraterna , ukip , dansk folkeparti , npd , they all place high values on either `` christian values '' or `` traditional values '' that are essentially christian in tradition . 
  we find this rhetoric less disturbing because many of those positions have been normalised within europe , so even if we disagree with it we do n't see it as the same sort of craziness as we see islamic views . 
   technically you 're right , but let 's not excuse them too much . 
  i do n't excuse any individual 's behaviour ; for example , this man should still be tried as a murder and face the consequence . 
  the point is that people generalise this man 's behaviour , but society does bear some of the responsibility for environment that breeds radicalism and a sense of isolation from society . 
   and on top of that , if when they do face discrimination , they have organizations and authorities to turn to that will give them recourse . 
  i do n't know about sweden , but here at least , anti-discrimination laws are upheld and organizations are vigilant about it - as they should be . 
  yes , but it 's not really your ( or my ) place to evaluated the relatively `` hardness '' of discrimination another minority faces . 
  the point is that , unlike someone who is not discriminated against , they have to look to a group for recourse . 
  things that happen easily for others are a fight for them . 
   their upbringing has taught them it 's wrong when it happens to them . 
  seriously , take france , there is a shocking amount of arab-on-black racism , black-on-arab , black-on-asian ... actually , anthropologically speaking , minorities often oppress each other , often in order to attempt to place themselves higher in a hierarchy establish not by them , but by the majority who oppress all those groups . 
  note : by oppress , i do n't mean that someone is standing over them with a whip . 
  i mean that society has structurally placed them at a disadvantage , which it clearly has . 
   if that were the title , people would have wrote novels in the comments disparaging france and the top link tomorrow would be a guardian article about how everyone who voted fn is literally responsible for these four deaths . 
  so , you 're saying they would be generalised the same way people will generalise muslims now ? 
   look , i 'm not advocating discrimination against muslims , but at this point in time they 've got the monopoly on religion based crazies ... what would you call the rise of the far-right , including neo-nazi parties ? 
  they 're not exactly secular . 
   funny thing is , the second-gen do n't know how good they have it because they 've never known anythign else in sweden , at least , yes , their life is * better * , but they face prejudice and discrimination at every turn , which their upbringing has taught them is * wrong * . 
  many of these people end up isolated and angry , and then of course act exactly in accordance with the stereotypes they were unfairly branded with . 
   saying we should stop saying something , because nationalism plays a part in many european issues wo n't work . 
  ignoring something generally does n't make it go away . 
  i think the point is to be careful , especially when discussing contentious issues , about our rhetoric . 
  things that work in casual conversation can be taken differently 1 ) in text and 2 ) in more sensitive contexts . 
  yes , the `` criticise america '' circlejerk is quite common in person as well . 
  that being said , i have to say many of the comments from people with american flags next to their names have been full of inaccurate generalisations and language dripping with moral judgement . 
  this only confirms people ' stereotypes about americans ' manners and political attitudes even if they are not representative of a larger group . 
  but , that does n't make non-sequitur and ad hominem attacks okay . 
  i agree they both are pretty bad , but i do n't think there is any network that matches fox for misrepresentation and outright fabrication . 
  i am absolutely baffled as to what my wordplay has to do with what you said . 
   say in american politics its almost a must to read both cnn and fox news to get the good and the bad from both sides . 
  rubbish . 
  it is purely an illusion that there are always two sides to every argument , or that all sides deserve equal weight . 
  the bias aside , one of those news networks relies far more on facts than the other . 
  i actually can not comment on that ( i have no idea ) . 
  i know that most countries ( all ? ), 
  have much lower turnout for eu elections than national elections , but what about in absolute terms ? 
  so what you are saying is voter apathy in britain is to blame ? 
  that 's almost as bad as actually voting ukip = /, 
   i think of conservatives as being dangerous , but not stupid . 
  wow , maybe we all have different definitions of conservative , then ... 
  i 'm rather centre-left myself and disagree with many of the views of the current ( conservative ) government in sweden , but i would not necessarily call them ` dangerous ' ,, 
  op just reads it for the articles , honest . 
  i think calling that comment `` conservative '' is an insult to actual conservatives . 
  ( am not a conservative myself , but i think you can have right-leaning views without being a moron ) . 
  `` speaking of tides of immigration , know who would be able to take care of that ? 
  he was really good with tides . '', 
  edit : missing word, 
  `` machinery '' that 's a word for weapons i have n't heard before =p, 
  one thing to also keep in mind is that , in my opinion , at least , the support of specific politicians is far less common in european governments . 
  party leaders and ministers receive the most individual attention , but party discipline is usually quite strong , and therefore the positions of the party as a whole are more relevant , the views of an individual candidate less so , since the former is probably seen more strongly in their voting record than in the us . 
  personally , i find that many people laud libertarians in the us for their ideological consistency , this being seen as a sign that they are a `` good person '' . 
  i think this is actually less important than having a clear agenda and being good at promoting it * via compromise with other politicians * . 
  a politician that refuses to compromise is useless unless they hold absolute power ( which would be even more problematic ) . 
  i would say his stances on abortion , same-sex marriage , welfare , and the role of the state in general are probably against the views of most europeans ( though by no means all , even in countries like sweden ) . 
   imo one of the few politicians out there looking out for general public . 
  why do you think that ? 
  many countries ( mine own included ) have been very cooperative with the us in return . 
  allowing them access to their airspace for extraordinary rendition and helping them engage in international surveillance spring to mind . 
  op 's rhetorical style leaves something to be desired . 
  most , i would say , are not particularly aware of who he is . 
  i 'd rather see a european defense alliance and be a part of that than a proxy for american foreign policy . 
   currently voting is carried out by the states in the us . 
  yeah , the last election would suggest they are doing a fantastic job of safeguarding democracy and preventing disenfranchisement as well . 
  i would feel fine about that . 
  if you were born in sweden , you were registered with skatteverket ( the tax board for the non-scandies , who is responsible for maintaining the population register in sweden ) . 
  dunno how old you are , but you of course send a flyttanm\u00e4lan every time you move . 
  most government agencies have access to some of the data that is stored about you in the civil registry ( although not always ) . 
  the address you are registered in determines your tax rate , which kommun ( municipality ) it goes to , and is where the government sends your post . 
  anyone who knows your personnummer ( listed on all id 's issued in sweden ) can inquire about these details . 
  check out ratsit.se if you have n't seen it before ... 
  so , in many countries , such a centralised registry does not exist . 
  different government agencies maintain their own databases , which are by no means guaranteed to be consistent . 
  in the uk , for example , you have to register to vote for this reason , as well as the us . 
  fun fact , if you are a us citizen living abroad , you still have to register with the * county * of the last place you lived in order to vote ( or register to vote in some of the districts that make it easy for voters living abroad to register in without having resided there ) . 
  and this may come as a shock , but county election offices are not the most efficiently run operations . 
  it 's such a faff to vote from abroad . 
  * goes back to counting down the days to receiving the right to vote in sweden *, 
  that 's such a specious argument . 
  sure , it might apply to certain , specific measures , but that is not a valid response to , say , the fact that certain countries have come much further when it comes to technologically advancement and digitisation . 
  one of the biggest benefits of e-goverment measures are that the direct costs ( i.e. 
  those that scale with the number of users ) is relatively small . 
  there is no reason ( other than political ones ) that a central population register is less feasible in the us than in a european country , with the exception perhaps of initial registration . 
   the us requires voters to register simply because it 's way way cheaper to have people update the database themselves rather have the government update it . 
  citation needed !, 
  there is no technological or logistical reason central registers could not exist in the us . 
  there are , however , many political reasons . 
  and the us is not alone in rightfully questioning the downsides and risks of centralised population registers . 
  however , their utility can not be denied . 
  it is one of the many questions about organisation of a society that does not have a single correct answer . 
  but the us 's approach here is not more pragmatic by any means . 
   yeah , no your reasoning ? 
  icelandic , norwegian , swiss german , czech , welsh,
