  in a typically populist manner , the opinion of the man on the street is reported with the implication that popular opinion and veracity go hand in hand . 
  it was indeed . 
  but it was n't translated like the rest  it comes from oxenforda , `` ford of the oxen '' . 
  oxford gets no love ? 
  suggestion : would be interesting to know what people 's 1st and 2nd languages are instead of just how many they speak !, 
   norway cancels their order for 24 swedish made artillery peices . 
   norway wants to rent swedish prisoncells . 
  there 's a joke here . 
  can someone please find it ? 
   a number of christian aid organisations , including frelsens h\u00e6r ( the salvation army ) , have been blasted after it surfaced that every tenth christmas aid ( julehj\u00e6lp ) applicant is muslim . 
  damn those muslims for attempting to celebrate a danish holiday as part of their integration !, 
  can always trust someone with a name like `` viking '' to have impartial views on ethnicity , race and religion . 
  you do not have to speak swedish to claim benefits in sweden , and sweden has the same treaty obligations as britain . 
   i am of the opinion that if someone has moved to another country to try and get a better life , if they then refuse to even try to learn the language of that nation , they are being incredibly disrespectful and rude . 
  so you mean like british ex-pats ? 
   you think scots are n't xenophobic ? 
  sometimes i do n't know how people like you operate a computer . 
  i did n't mean that . 
  their official stance on student and worker migration , however , is clearly not the result of pandering to their xenophobic elements , while the leadership of both major parties in the house of commons continue to get into shouting matches about who can try and kick more immigrants out . 
   i love anecdotal bullshit like this , yet the uk is still consistently amongst the top countries in the entire world that people want to flock to , and is considered one of the most tolerant , it 's been like that for a very long time and i have no doubt it will continue to do so for a very long time in the future . 
  the figures just do n't back your assertions up . 
  this is partially true . 
  a lot of britain 's value is in its internationalism , and most of this is focussed in london . 
  this has been actively worked against by the tories in their current government . 
  applications from abroad for students has dropped precipitiously , and international tuition is no small contribution to the british economy . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-22642067 the desire for people from relatively friendly countries is also dropping http://www.theguardian.com/money/2011/nov/11/australia-new-zealand-ditch-uk-workplace i am also not the only one with almost precisely this problem , and more qualified people also worry about the economic impact of this policy : http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21564895-government%e2%80%99s-policy-students-and-skilled-migrants-threatens-do-long-term-damage, 
   well , that 's great for you . 
  you found a better job in sweden than in the uk . 
  that 's called the world of work . 
  people move where they can get jobs . 
  i 've done this too . 
  britain does n't owe people jobs , though many many many people do move to britain and find work easily . 
  the ability to get a job was not the problem . 
  the ability of a company to hire the people they needed and wanted has been completely strangled to pander to populist , xenophobic elements in england ( i say england because the attitude of scotland and wales , especially the former , has been well catalogued as very different from that of england ) . 
  that 's not the same thing . 
  i am a software developer , the field of software dev in the city did not appeal to me ( and i did many , many interviews ) . 
  most other companies ( including some rather prominent mncs ) were unwilling or unable to sponsor non-eu workers . 
  many recruiters were unaware of the regulations and said , `` ca n't you get one of those yourself ? '', 
  most small to medium tech companies in britain depended on the fact that highly-experienced , highly-educated people could get unsponsored work visas until they were withdrawn . 
  in addition , they squeezed the transition visas for doctoral students so that one had to have submitted , defended , corrected , and had leave to supplicate , a process that can take up to 1 year during which dphil students usually no longer have funding . 
  also , they took away all settlement rights for all post-study visas , and at the time i left there was a proposal to take away settlement rights for work visas and require that people request that their time count retroactively . 
  living with that over my head when i really do not want to settle again in my home country made the situation too insecure and stressful . 
  in sweden , i signed my job contract and received a work permit in less than a month . 
  it required sponsorship , but any company may file the paperwork ( in the uk you need special permission , as you probably know ) . 
  i will require no sponsorship after next year . 
  i was very sad to leave the uk . 
  i loved it there . 
  it has no love for foreigners , as far as i can tell . 
  at least , not politically . 
  swedish classes are free for all who come to sweden , btw . 
  there is no assumption that one speaks swedish when one comes to sweden , though it is almost a necessity for staying here long term . 
  i think britain would do well to similarly invest in english , actually . 
   you think our immigration laws are n't open ? 
  there are 400,000 french people living and working in london !, 
  if you want to work in britain , it is very easy to come here and do that . 
  i have a dphil ( in a * very * lucrative field ) from the university of oxford , i lived in the uk for 5 years . 
  i come from another wealthy , developed , but non-eu country . 
  english is my native language . 
  in the time i lived in the uk , i watched the government change and take on an anti-foreigner bent so rapidly that i do n't think anyone could have foreseen it . 
  it became nearly untenable ( though technically still possible ) to stay and work with any sort of security in my future in the uk . 
  i left when no company outside the city had the ability to sponsor a work visa or tried to use it as a reason to reduce their salary offer . 
  i am not alone . 
  i watched friends of various nationalities ( including commonwealth citizens from other english speaking countries , i might add ) get legislated out of the country by a xenophobic government hellbent on kicking as many of us out as possible . 
  most of them went to one of the top 5 uk universities , and usually one of the top in their field . 
  so ... fuck you . 
  btw , i work for one of the fastest growing companies in sweden , speak fluent swedish now , and have actively attempted to integrate into society with success . 
  the same thing i was more than willing to do in the uk before xenophobic , populist wankers took control of the public debate . 
  your loss , as far as i am concerned . 
  such hypocracy from a land that has one of the highest * expatriation * rates and takes advantage of more open immigration laws elsewhere and has a rather well-deserved reputation for being very poor at other languages . 
  so ... teach them english , then ? 
  many countries have some language tests for benefits/residency/citizenship . 
  most of them also offer free classes in the national language and do n't imperialistically assume everyone just automatically speaks it or is stupid . 
  me too !, 
  there is no formal rule , btw , just conventions , particularly when it comes to nouns combined with other nouns ( as in your example ) . 
  i tend to favour writing them together with no hyphen unless it looks particularly jarring . 
  technically , all germanic languages ( including english ) can do this . 
  english simply has an orthographic convention of writing the constituents apart . 
  phonologically they show signs of being single words as in swedish ( obvious from tone ) and german ( obvious from stress ) . 
  edit : grammar, 
  tonal word accent !, 
  they speak for the fact that they found a correlation , not a causation . 
  there are probably many other mitigating factors . 
  what happens if you adjust for education level ? 
  socio-economic status ? 
  employment status ? 
  how do these factors affect the crime rates of native ( or maybe you even want to distinguish `` ethnic '' ) swedes ? 
  such distinctions are also skewed within immigrant demographics . 
  and i have to ask , what you mean by `` immigrant '' anyway . 
  this word ( and the swedish equivalent ) gets bandied about in rather poorly defined ways . 
  some of us came to sweden to work and become a member of swedish society consciously . 
  i belong to an occupation for which there is a shortage in sweden as well as internationally , and i am internationally competitive in my skills . 
  i make less than i would many other places ( although am nevertheless very fortunate in the amount of money i make ) and i pay more in taxes than i will likely ever get back from the swedish social system , having not grown up here and having received my education elsewhere . 
  i have no problem with that whatsoever , because i believe in the society that sweden is trying to build and i really love it here , but people like you do the equivalent of spitting in my face for committing the oh-so-horrible sin having a non-eu passport . 
   please do . 
  here non-european immigrants are heavily over represented in violent crimes . 
  i am a `` non-european '' immigrant . 
  i think you will find my demographic wholly absent from this `` overrepresentation '' . 
   european english what is this sorcery ? 
  from http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/pseudoanglicism , in swedish : backslick - a slick-back hairdo basket - basketball flipper - pinball machine freestyle - a walkman grape - grapefruit juice playback - lip sync pocket - paperback book smoking - as in german , a tuxedo trafficking - not really `` pseudo '' , but always implies `` human trafficking '' edit : formatting, 
  i do n't , actually .
