  i do n't identify as swedish as yet . 
  some of that is that i have n't lived here long enough , i do n't have citizenship , etc. 
  but i do feel that i am `` on my way '' . 
  i fully embrace the values and norms of swedish society , and live and respect them . 
  sweden has been home to a lot of my life that , frankly , i ca n't relate to anywhere else . 
  it 's the only place i have worked . 
  i am going to get married here ( not theoretically , as in my partner and i are engaged and are going to ) . 
  our kids will be raised here , i will speak swedish with them . 
  i speak swedish with our friends who speak it . 
  i do n't consider my knowledge by any means complete , yet , but i also see the additions my life in the uk ( where i was also a non-native ) made to my identity , and i already have a close connection to sweden after my time here . 
  i understand that my experience and connection might be different from yours , but each person 's is unique in some way . 
  i do n't see how yours is lessened by granting that identifying as swedish is someone that , as someone who has settled here , i can do by virtue of embracing the same culture and values that you do . 
  i do n't think it necessarily translates into nationalism in this context . 
  it 's more about feeling accepted any foreigner faces integration challenges when they come to a new country , but one does want to feel that all the hard work that goes into that ( and it is hard work even in super welcoming countries ) actually results in getting to be a full-fledged member of society . 
   apparently being born there means a us passport is required to enter . 
  this is the law in several countries , actually . 
  it 's a somewhat common requirement . 
  oh really ? 
  so i ca n't accept those values and traditions myself ? 
  am i not the one who would impart them on my children and , by extension , my grandchildren ? 
  and why do you only have to know `` that country '' . 
  plenty of people have multi-ethnic and multinational identities , and your statements would rob them of this background in favour of some romantic notion about `` cultural and historical values '' that are apparently inborn ? 
  many people . 
  they even say it without thinking it is malicious . 
  they are generally the same people who think my strides in swedish are `` cute '' ( i.e. 
  they will be effusive in their compliments and be very impressed , but then only speak english because i am foreign and therefore should not be spoken to as part of their social group ) . 
  they will laugh if i observe any swedish customs ( after all , why do n't i just celebrate my home country 's ? ), 
  or if i demonstrate any knowledge or passion about swedish politics ( which i keep up on because i care about the society i live in and participate in ) . 
  this is n't all swedes by any means . 
  some , like / u/heimdalsgate , are far more accepting . 
  check out / u/the _ basic_swede 's comment [ elsewhere in this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1joaym/population_of_foreign_citizens_in_europe2012/cbgooo9?context=3 ) . 
  that kind of attitude prevails among some swedes . 
  i actually consider it xenophobia , but with the caveat that i think it is not malicious but a form of marginalisation against foreigners nevertheless . 
  and even though these people do n't usually do it maliciously , but they do draw a clear line with me on one side and them on the other . 
  they justify it by assigning me an identity i myself do not have and also use it to explain away my opinions ( `` well , you think that because you grew up in x. . . '' ) . 
  it 's a set of small , casual things that add up . 
  i have essentially stopped socialising with people who exhibit one of these behaviours because they tend to come as a set , and i think they actively hinder my integration . 
  no , i was building on your statement , not arguing with you . 
  i 'll grant you that i was aggressive , but you just laid out a statistic and implied that foreign-born inhabitants are the problem . 
  i 'm asking that you clarify precisely what you mean by that position . 
  the same locations that natives flock to as part of urbanisation trends . 
  i always found the argument against immigration based on `` crowding '' in the uk to be rather specious . 
  it 's not as if the flood into london is only from abroad . 
  you have to look the the economic inequality of north versus south to solve that problem , and slamming shut the borders will do little for that . 
  what do you think about people identifying as swedish if they were n't born there , but naturalise there ( and speak swedish ) . 
  i ask as foreigner who is settling in sweden and am curious of the views . 
  i have often been told that i may never be `` truly '' be swedish , nor my children , perhaps . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  or do you think that one may only be british if they were born there and their parents were born there , too ? 
  perhaps they need to be white and a member of coe as well ? 
  second generation immigrants are not bloody immigrants unless you are some sort of ethnic purist . 
   for instance the sweden democrats have made some pretty significant inroads in sweden . 
  so far , luckily , the other parties have refused to acknowledge the politics of the sweden democrats and refuse to see them as a legitimate party to ally with . 
  time will tell if this is the case when a block would be made or broken by including them , but i 'm hopeful . 
  there do exist media sources that constantly question the rhetoric of sweden democrats and their `` facts '' , which are often true but misused to suit their purpose . 
  they have , as you said , though , made greater strides in the past few years , and the last polls i read put them at more popular than during the last election = / the rise of populism during economic downturns is not surprising , but i think it would be very damaging were it allowed to occur unabated . 
  i do n't think the swedish media is without fault , but i think they have done a better job than the british and us media in preventing politicians from completely steering national debates in the direction they want without question . 
  ooh , downvoted for truth . 
  i think the british have an issue that many world powers have to face , which is that there comes a time when you must compromise and cooperate on policies rather than dictate them . 
  what the british often see as being `` forced '' to do something or `` giving up power to europe '' sounds a lot more to me like `` cooperation '' . 
  i agree . 
  that has , of course , destroyed the media in the us as well , with equally upsetting results and a similar rise in what are basically populist lies that come to be widely believed . 
  what public services are you referring to ? 
  and do you mean to say it 's not possible to take into account immigration in population growth estimation , but it is possible to accurately predict other forms of population growth ? 
  public services responding to demographic change is a problem that will exist whether immigration occurs or not . 
  and what do you mean by `` mass immigration '' ? 
  that sounds like some sort of scare word designed to conjure an image people suddenly and uncontrollable moving into britain . 
  is that happening ? 
  do you have any figures that demonstrate this sudden and uncontrollable flood ? 
  do you have any figures to show up next tax income/benefit ? 
  immigrants who come after their education who are also employed have had a large portion of their dependence on public funds paid for by someone else . 
  how are they not , then , less likely at that age not to be net providers of tax revenue ? 
  let 's also be clear , the narrative that immigrants come as benefit tourists [ has been shown to be false ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/jan/20/truth-about-benefit-tourism ) . 
  i fail to see the economic argument to simply shutting off immigration . 
  you could not come from outside the eu before 2007 without a work permit , either , or if you could only for relatively short periods in which you were allowed the seek work . 
  the new measures are borne out of a narrative that people simply come to the uk and live off benefits , which is simply untrue . 
   they get away with so much bullshit on a daily basis that i find myself occasionally wondering if a free press is more trouble than it is worth . 
  press freedom in britain is actually quite a bit less free than many other countries thanks to the libel laws combined with gag orders about , it would seem , anything moderately embarrassing to a powerful enough person . 
  it seems to have completely neutered the press when it comes to truly asking tough questions about claims politicians make . 
  [ british public wrong about nearly everything ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/british-public-wrong-about-nearly-everything-survey-shows-8697821.html ), 
   plenty of jobs elsewhere in the states and in other countries . 
  yes . 
  if you ever want to compare my own experience post-phd with job hunting in europe , i 'm happy to share it with you , 
   well you 're operating on a false starting point , immigration was not healthy before 2013 ; it has been a considerable problem for a long time and however you feel about that it needs to be tackled . 
  can you elucidate what you mean by ` problem ' ? 
   what ? 
  pretty blatantly obvious that this was written by someone with enough wealth to ensure he 'd never have to feel the negative impacts of that . 
  ridiculous !, 
  so you think all immigration costs britons money ? 
  i do n't think my current home would agree with you given my salary and the taxes i pay . 
  your attitude misses out big time on economic opportunities for the sake of a rather false narrative about the nature of immigration and immigration policies . 
  the requirements that the home office have enacted do n't suddenly prevent illegal immigration ; they make it harder for people with legitimate reasons to come to live in britain ( like * work * ) . 
  this !, 
  when i came to the uk at first , it was a somewhat annoying process ( almost all visa processes are ) , but it seemed perfectly reasonable to me . 
  i 'm unclear why staying under the conditions they imposed then suddenly became unreasonable . 
   every demographic study i 've looked at shows the rise of megaopolises of 20m people , and the biggest targets are places like london , paris and berlin . 
  if we keep up the policies of the past then quite simply europe will have too many people for it to cope . 
  citation needed . 
  that is the kind of rhetoric that simply excuses the xenophobic policies because it `` sounds good '' without any factual backup . 
  i can testify to the idiocy of their immigration policy on paper and in practice .
