that is not how ( good ) infrastructure planning works . 
  nominative singular, 
  i think greek and cyrillic get a certain pass for their alphabets , but not sure . 
  they would also be the first eu language that would probably not go in with the rule that the nom . 
  of euro must be euro , since that does n't decline very nicely . 
  icelandic would totally mess this up . 
  i dunno how accented your english is , but imagining someone saying that phrase with a thick german accent tickles me pink . 
  white , straight , american male with a bachelor 's degree ( aka libertarian ) - tastic !, 
  you just made me `` awww '' aloud, 
   i 'd like to say i 'm surprised . 
   sadly , i 'm not . 
  me neither , they act just like english football fans do =p, 
  but the kronors !, 
  i assume sweden is so low because of our arms exports . 
  and also the danskj\u00e4vlar on our southern border . 
  citation ( or at least stats ) needed . 
   also nobody checked my passport when i left the uk for schengen , except the gate employee . 
  that did surprise me . 
  this has been discussed ( although not enough , if you ask me ) when questioning numbers about the number of `` illegal immigrants '' in the uk . 
  especially students . 
  the most liberal numbers are those for which a renewal was denied but they could not easily find proof that they had departed the uk . 
  of course , since there are no exit controls , this could very easily be a very large number of people . 
  it is also a bit ironic that part of the argument for the uk staying out of schengen was their `` unique '' situation of being an island , but they have less awareness of who is inside their borders at any given time than the schengen area does . 
  edit : grammar , innit, 
   i suppose the counter argument to that is that every eu state applies rules on past convictions to non-eu migrants and the degree to which we limit humans ' ability to move about the earth is already problematic , but our individual rights in this regard clash with the current notion of sovereignty . 
  the eu has tried to erode the latter and improve the former in recognition that this has , among other things , extraordinary economic advantages . 
   the argument would be that it is not about punishing people for crimes they have already served time for but rather asserting control over borders and migration where there is a risk ... what is the risk ? 
  you should be able to point it out * and * quantify it to justify `` asserting '' such control . 
   does their freedom of movement trump a right to life ? 
  no one suggested this . 
   its a risk to reward ratio and allowing foreigners to come in who have n't commited crimes may bring in people who commit crimes but it will bring in a large number of people who contribute massively to society so take the risk , however bringing in criminals is a bigger risk than the potential reward . 
  is there any data to back that up or are you just guessing ? 
   because they may commit crimes again and this could be easily prevented by stopping known criminals from entering the country . 
  you could stop people from committing crimes by shutting your country out to foreigner 's , too . 
   should convicted murderers be allowed into ireland to kill irish people ? 
  no ... they should be allowed in to exercise their right of free movement . 
  that does n't say you can pick where you serve your punishment . 
   you can even move to another country to serve your punishment if you prefer . 
  citation ? 
   if you have a criminal record you can leave your country in the eu very easily , noone will stop you getting on a plane right . 
  because it 's a record . 
  they have been tried , convicted , sentenced , and served their punishment . 
  attempting to extend their punishment by stigmatising them further is wrong and not the sort of europe i want to live in . 
   stopping criminals entering the country , why should n't we ? 
  because they have already faced punishment , why are you bent on continuing it further ? 
  so their homophobia and obsession with `` traditional family values '' comes from where , then ? 
   sd views the swedish church as a cultural institution more than they view it in religious terms what is the difference ? 
  `` in christianity '' . 
  where is christianity ? 
  where is islam ? 
  these are not places . 
  as for christians not getting to execute people for violating their religion , that was n't exactly thanks to christianity decided to suddenly behave itself and be nice to people . 
  ... what ? 
   i find it a lot more threatening that we ca n't even voice our opinion without it turning into a shouting match because it 's not politically correct . 
  what opinions are you not allowed to voice ? 
  where is your freedom of speech being limited ? 
  as far as i can tell , you have gotten to say whatever you want . 
  that does n't mean you get to escape rational claims of prejudice when people see them in your remarks . 
   is ukip far-right now ? 
  yes . 
   the worst thing ukip has done is whinge about how evil the eu is . 
  so you compare a political party to criminal individuals or terrorist organisations and find ukip less appalling . 
  what a surprising result . 
  taken totally out of context . 
  clearly you enjoy underhanded and dishonest debate techniques . 
  bra tips . 
   wtf . 
  france did nothing to make this guy kill jews for no reason . 
  you 're just putting words in my mouth so you have something to argue against . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  you 're a classy one , you are . 
  it can be arranged . 
  warning : this user 's flag is irish . 
  proceed with utmost caution . 
  as an aside , i really want to see an irishman and a finn go drink for drink ... 
  around 22 i started to actually get hangovers , but then i thought that meant one got a headache and needed a pick of coffee and food to get on one 's way . 
  then i turned 25 . 
  we were talking about the second generation ... 
   you say you do n't want to excuse their behavior , and yet that 's precisely what i hear in your comments . 
  well , then you are n't listening . 
  my point is not to counteract the responsibility of the individual . 
  this thread was about trends developing within a group . 
  my point is that * part * of what causes these trends to develop is the marginalisation that people justify by citing the behaviour that they have a role in fostering . 
  and what , you may ask , is the purpose of pointing that out ? 
  well , that by setting aside such prejudices and trying to reach out to these people , which obviously seems counterintuitive to many , this problem can be mitigated instead of encouraged . 
   yes religiously derived but still not following to the rule the bible while muslim fundamentalists would like the sharia law . 
  both use outdated documents that claimed to be revealed truth as the basis for their platforms . 
  your difference is like splitting hairs . 
   in no way did and do i deny that there is oppression , but there are better fitting words to explain the concept than to use the one with the worst connotation . 
  sorry , in order to preserve my integrity i will use you as my thesaurus for now on . 
  as a homosexual , i strongly disagree with that characterisation , given that most of these parties are homophobic in both theory and practice . 
  they say this comes from a place of `` traditional '' values , but traditional is almost always a code word for religions-derived values , which in most of europe means from christianity . 
  your time will come , 
   if you use the word with the stronger negative connotation you come off as dishonest . 
  i do n't see it as `` stronger '' . 
  as i said , there are multiple to interpret the word into concrete terms . 
  a common rhetorical device would be to interpret in a way i did n't mean purposely , so i wanted to clarify . 
  there are multiple ways to oppress people , but the more visceral images that it can provoke do n't apply here , and saying that to dismiss `` oppression '' would be the dishonest thing to do . 
  it does n't lessen the truth of the outcome , which is that people 's ability to exercise their free will in a way given to others is being limited by the use of authority and power . 
  if you want to accuse me of dishonesty , please at least have a concrete thing i have been dishonest about .
