  to give an example , i 'm irish , and there are no longer any monolingual speakers of irish . 
  yet , irish is growing as a language . 
  why ? 
  well , for a number of reasons , most of which it shares with galician . 
  most importantly , literature . 
  galicia has been home to a huge number of excellent writers and possesses a rich culture which is only truly experienced when it is read in its original form , untranslated . 
  that link you posted goes to the minutes of a dail debate from 1995 , did you mean to post that ? 
  in fairness , it 's a bit old and the english spoken by people in the south of ireland differs in a number of ways even from the english spoken by those in northern ireland . 
  it may not be the best example to prove a point . 
  while `` to take a decision '' is n't technically incorrect , i 'm from northern ireland and have never heard it used . 
  only '71 and in the name of the father feature belfast accents , the other films are set in the republic of ireland and feature irish accents , they 're very different things . 
  actually they 're very different , the accents of northern ireland are more similar to those of scotland , but they do differ a lot . 
  in the west of northern ireland , in fermanagh and tyrone , you 'll get more of an irish accent . 
  in the east , such as belfast and antrim , they sound more like scottish accents , but really at the end of the day its a unique accent and probably one of the most difficult to reproduce ( a great example of horrible belfast accents is seen in sons of anarchy , during the trip to belfast ) . 
  former uda brigadier , jim gray, 
  the changes to design would n't be purely for aesthetic reasons , it 's common to hear people dismiss reddit as a site due to its visual design and improvements to the design would attract new users . 
  ignore the other two , you 're right . 
  i 'm from belfast , and the udf are n't a thing . 
  the uff was the cover name used by the uda ( ulster defence association ) . 
  google it , as even googling ulster defence force corrects itself to the uda . 
  nope , you 're thinking of the uda , who used the uff as a cover name . 
  i 'm from belfast , never heard of the udf . 
  to say `` russia tried to arm cuba with nuclear missiles '' and leave it at that is a gross oversimplification of events . 
  to ignore the other mistakes you made in that last reply and just focus on this one , the us armed turkey with nuclear missiles , before the ussr gave them to cuba . 
  in fact , it was one of khrushchev 's requests to jfk made in the letters that were sent , that the us should remove jupiter missiles from turkey and in return , the ussr would not arm cuba . 
  the version of events you mentioned are n't wrong , but omit so much relevant contextual information that they could be seen as such . 
  calm down there pal . 
  does n't it say [ 1/6 ] in the post title ? 
  on the reddit sync app , there is a ` sync ' option that loads 10 pages of content and then caches them for offline viewing . 
  android users should check it out , it 's by far my favourite reddit app . 
  yes , as far as i know . 
  it says that she was a pedestrian in the title and so would n't have been driving . 
  i think dublin 's actually the cheapest to fly to , its definitely the cheapest to fly from , around # 100 cheaper to fly to the us at some times when compared to london . 
  where in the uk are you ? 
  i 'm in northern ireland and salaries for all it related positions here are terrible , i 've heard it 's the same for all of the uk except london, 
  i 've heard some places like manchester , and even derby are a little better , but generally uk salaries pale in comparison to what the us and canada offer , especially the west coast of the us . 
  the republic of ireland offers better , i would think largely due to the heavy presence of tech company headquarters situated in dublin . 
  no , it 's just that what you said was bullshit , and you managed to twist the article for all it 's worth . 
  the chief constable stated that although members may have co-operated , there is no evidence to suggest that this was sanctioned by the ira . 
  brother , do i have some good news for you . 
  this already exists , its called betterfap , and it 's amazing . 
  well , seeing as sectarian refers to religion , they are n't . 
  not disagreeing with you here , but the great war was world war i, 
  this only really applies to the us , though . 
  i completely agree , and coming from the north , would like to add that here , all of those problems exist also , but are compounded by the fact that the irish language has been heavily politicised , with sinn fein being seen as the only party to favour using the language , the language being associated by many with republican groups and also the backlash against any pro-irish language bill from unionists , who seem to view it as contrary to their beliefs . 
  movie house dublin road master race, 
  definitely study spanish , as in the long run , spanish will be far more useful , as well as being spoken by just about everyone in the galician region . 
  if this is just for a vacation , i would recommend learning basic tourist vocabulary in galician , such as `` please '' and `` thank you '' , as it will allow for better interactions with people like waiters and waitresses , who will appreciate a tourist taking the time to learn a piece of their little known language . 
  i think it 's implied that it 's the usa , as america is the only country where i 've heard that said . 
  10k a week for a dev ? 
  that 's not accurate , although 1k may be . 
  why would anyone want to help you when you react like this ? 
  chelsea 's also a football team , i think this might be the british guy . 
  `` less than one percent of actual convicted rapists ever spend a day in jail '' - what ? 
  yeah , that 's not actually correct . 
  what you said was that ( in the corrected post ) that 3 % of convicted rapists do n't spend a day in prison . 
  that is absolutely not true . 
  even by your own source , is says 9 % are ever prosecuted , of which 3 % are imprisoned . 
  that means of the 9 % prosecuted , 6 % are either found not guilty or do n't receive a custodial sentence . 
  there is an absolutely enormous difference between saying `` 3 % of convicted rapists spend a day in jail '' and `` 3 % of rapists are jailed '' . 
  i absolutely agree that it 's a disgusting statistic , however , it 's very important that things are said accurately . 
  i was halfway through typing my response to your first comment when i went back to finish reading all of it , because i had only read the first line and stopped there . 
  even then , the only reason i went back to check was because i thought that maybe you corrected yourself later on and my comment would be redundant . 
  the point i 'm making is that you need to get your facts straight , because otherwise no one will care about the rest of what you say . 
  there is n't , there was no question to reply to in the last comment . 
  i would replace french with spanish on this list . 
  i agree with you that you can go more places with french , although the reason i do n't replace hindi is because of the number of speakers , both as a native and learnt language . 
  hindi is spoken by 380 million people , while french is spoken by 160 million , of whom 76 million are native speakers . 
  actually that 's a pretty good point , many hindi speakers are multi-lingual and also speak local languages and in many cases , english . 
  i think i agree with you that french is more important , culturally as well as we 're exposed to a lot of french media and it is much more widely used throughout the world . 
  probably should drop hindi instead of french . 
  edit : grammar, 
  you know that spanish is gendered too , right ? 
  in that film ' 71 , does n't the young loyalist boy say to the men on the barricade , `` do you know who my uncle is ? 
  and they all keek themselves ? 
  she 's hot , but kind of looks like willem defoe, 
  do you mean java , or javascript ? 
  they different things altogether , they just share similar names, 
  could it be that she only had 3rd party insurance and so isnt covered for this ? 
  ireland achieved full independence from the uk , becoming the republic of ireland , in 1949, 
  ca n't speak for others , but i stopped reading vice with the same enthusiasm after reading their `` belfast is a paradise , come meet its angels '' article , which was one of the most fabricated pieces of `` journalism '' i 've ever read . 
  the photos included were mostly of riot police waiting in side streets during a large protest , in case things turned violent which is standard practice . 
  however , for me , what was truly ridiculous was the last group of photos . 
  taken in a run down building that resembled something you would find in the gcse art portfolio of an edgy 15 year old , the photos captured a balaclava-clad man standing , wearing a combat jacket and *** skinny jeans *** . 
  clearly intending to try and pass a friend of the `` reporter '' off as a paramilitary man , it was one of the most cringy things that i have ever seen, 
  or stream it , so that there can still be student interaction . 
  too true , i identify with what you 've said too much . 
  damn , straight out of 1999 , i wonder if they have the irish for y2k in there . 
  i 'm from belfast myself and would love to have a better designed website for irish learners , i 'll see about moving that site 's content to a site with a more modern aesthetic . 
  yeah , it was introduced in 1948, 
  long way round is the first installment , and it follows ewan mcgregor and charlie boorman as they drive from london to new york city on motorcycles , across mainland europe , through russia , mongolia , kazakhstan , canada and the usa . 
  it 's undoubtedly one of the best travel documentaries made in recent years , mainly due to the intense likeability of everyone involved . 
  even their cameraman , a swiss man named claudio , gets in front of the camera on several occasions and you can tell that there is a great rapport between everyone involved . 
  long way down is the second installment , some years later , in which the group once again drives across the world , this time from john o'groats ( scotland ) to cape town . 
  many former ira `` activists '' and volunteers are currently members of sinn fein , and so they do regularly hold talks . 
  in northern ireland , former and current paramilitaries regularly speak publicly at events and it does help to educate people on what is going on . 
  does n't this break the `` no self-promotional content '' rule ? 
  as is northern ireland , in may . 
  nationalism is n't always right wing , for example , irish nationalists are commonly socialist , both major irish nationalist parties in northern ireland both identify as left wing , with the largest , sinn fein , being socialist . 
  regardless , in reality , this has n't been the case , as definitions of what nationalism involves change .
