  last year the real ira , raad and a number of small local republican groups merged , under the new name `` the ira '' . 
  from what i 've seen , their anti-drug stance is n't a hoax , and even if it was , they are definitely less involved in drug dealing than the loyalist paramilitaries , who 've been using drug dealing as a way to finance themselves . 
  he 's a good lad so he is , could 've gone to county level if he stayed off the smack , but what can you do ? 
  mr brady is the sinn fein mla , not the deceased . 
  aye `` fly nets '' was what we always called it, 
  woah , 9 million ? 
  i 'm from belfast , its around 6.5 million ( for the entire island ) . 
  8 million was our peak , before the famine . 
  [ here 's the exact numbers , but note they 're from 2012 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_population_analysis ), 
  by nra , do you mean ira ? 
  regardless of your opinions on the matter , you should always follow the subreddit 's rules . 
  a quick glance to the sidebar will show that you should `` be polite and informative to others and remember that we should be able to disagree without being disagreeable . '', 
  using sarcasm , and just generally being a bit of a dick , irrespective of your political views , should n't be part of your argument . 
  well , as / u/dys4ik already mentioned , i 'm not the user you were arguing with . 
  you assumed i am against you , because i pointed out that if you 're going to express your opinion in this subreddit , then you should follow the subreddit rules . 
  to be clear , i have no strong opinions one way or the other in this situation . 
  i 'd like to know what `` option '' you 're saying that i have chosen . 
  i 'm not against your views , or anyone else 's views . 
  what i am against , is people coming into the mature , sensible community that we have at / r/credibledefense and using it as their soapbox , while not reading or following the subreddit rules as stated in the sidebar . 
  actually , there is a term . 
  i often hear people claiming that feminism is about equality of the sexes , when feminism , by a quick google search definition , is `` the advocacy of women 's rights on the ground of the equality of the sexes . '', 
  i think that egalitarianism , as an idea , is much better , because it does n't seek to gain equality for the sexes by only looking at the disadvantages one sex faces , like feminism or the mens ' rights movements . 
  you know that in the irish tricolour , the green is for the catholic community , the orange for the protestant community , and the white for the peace between them ? 
  it literally could not be less sectarian . 
  i 'd say that first of all , it 's likely a tongue-in-cheek joke , just like the willie frazer `` flegland '' flag . 
  secondly , you 're right , it 's not sectarian . 
  thirdly , of course that 's what the submitter is expressing , because it 's probably what they believe . 
  to say that it 's wrong , bad or sectarian for saying that the north should be part of the republic is to discredit all nationalists , which , as you probably know , are a large group in this country . 
  i 'm in the uk , over here we use micro sims as default , is that different in the us ? 
  i did a quick search there and could n't find anything about full size sim cards being used , but there was a lot of things about micro sims and nano sims . 
  are you referring to nano sims as micro and micro sims as full size ? 
  think it 's derry , but the photo is definitely from northern ireland . 
  iirc the soldier photographed asked for the photo to be taken with that sign , and the bomb did n't detonate . 
  do you live in scotland ? 
  iirc firearms officers are n't supposed to carry their weapons unless responding to a call , with the exception of scotland ( and northern ireland , where all psni officers are always armed ) , where recently they 've begun to carry them all the time . 
  carrickfergus ? 
  i ca n't wrap my head around that , do you have the math to help me understand ? 
  but she does n't have facebook so you ca n't add her, 
  are n't you the one who supports mansour financial group ? 
  `` one of the most organised elite terrorist squads in the world '', 
  while all that may be true , i could n't help but laugh at how much your comment read like the navy seal copypasta, 
  jasmck, 
  keep your own personal politics out of this sub , it lowers the quality . 
  because of the implication . 
  northern ireland or the republic ? 
  i 'm from the north , and if you 're deciding to go there then i would recommend one of the farms that 's accessible to belfast by rail . 
  i think there 's an organic farm at a place named helen 's bay , which is within walking distance to the train station , and would allow you to visit belfast for cheap after you 're finished your day of working . 
  there 's also a nearby beach ( hence the `` bay '' part of the name ) which is one of the nicer ones in the north . 
  if it 's a really rural experience you 're after , i 'd recommend looking at the farms out in fermanagh and tyrone , or if its more of the coast that you want to see , there 's a few farms up in the north coast of antrim that would suit . 
  go into the submission history and its a different story altogether , clearly its some angsty teenager wanting to be something that they think is better than what they really are . 
  [ my only swerving ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfm46xr8wgq ) , by el ten eleven . 
  great instrumental song , and when even the album art has an airplane in it , you can be sure it 's suitable for travelling . 
  just a heads up , the use of the term united kingdom is wrong here . 
  northern ireland , a part of the united kingdom , witnessed the former police force ( the ruc ) kill 55 people during the troubles , 28 of whom were civilians . 
  the figure of 52 police killings since 1900 refers to those killed by british police , that being the police forces of england , scotland and wales . 
  yep , horrible . 
  yeah i agree , even the ruc , a heavily militarised police force who patrolled in armoured cars and ( allegedly ) operated a `` shoot to kill '' policy , do n't begin to come close to the same number of killings as us police forces . 
  what makes this even more shocking is the nature of the ruc , a sectarian police force set up with an even more sectarian auxiliary force , the b-specials . 
  actually that 's a common misconception about the troubles , it never escalated to the point of civil war . 
  throughout the conflict , there was constant fearmongering from all sides that civil war was about to break out . 
  the truth is that , while a horrible , destructive and in many ways needless conflict , it would be wrong to describe it as a civil war . 
  instead , it is more like the prolonged insurgencies in corsica and the basque region . 
  in northern ireland , over 3,600 people were killed during the troubles , which at the time had a smaller population . 
  around 47,000 people were injured , bringing the number of total casualties to over 50,000 ( not including psychological damage . ), 
  you 're right that the irish did discuss the possibility of sending troops to protect catholic communities from loyalist mobs in 1969 , however the plans , known as ` exercise armageddon ' , were dismissed after the army 's planners accepted that it had `` no capability to engage successfully in conventional , offensive military operations against the security forces in northern ireland '' to protect the catholic minority from loyalist mobs . 
  also , the planners accepted that only 2,136 troops out of 12,000 in the army were at actual combat readiness . 
  the operation would leave the republic of ireland exposed to `` retaliatory punitive military action by united kingdom forces '' . 
  the plan included a warning that : `` the defence forces have no capability of embarking on unilateral military operation of any kind ... therefore any operations undertaken against northern ireland would be militarily unsound . '', 
  ( i borrowed a bit from wikipedia here ), 
  actually , it does n't . 
  while there are a number of cases of the security forces in northern ireland colluding with loyalist paramilitaries to murder civilians ( most notably the murder of catholic solicitor pat finucane ) , the number of murders involving collusion is not believed to be greater than half a dozen . 
  however , the amount of information and firearms given to loyalists over the years by the british security forces definitely resulted in loyalist groups gaining power and exacerbated conflict . 
  on the issue of donegal , whoever told you to keep clear of northern ireland is either vastly over-exaggerating , or has been reading outdated information . 
  northern ireland is actually one of the safest parts of the uk these days , as the troubles have finished 17 years ago on the 10th of april . 
  regardless , donegal is even safer . 
  the rural northern county is not just safe , but stunning , with great beaches that make it one of the most popular tourist destinations for irish people . 
  unlike the island , travelling to other parts of ireland will be much easier for you in donegal . 
  i live in belfast and the city is great for tourists , and much cheaper than other parts of the uk . 
  if you get a small amount of money changed into sterling , it 's worth a trip . 
  you can always fuck off to britain and vote for them , you can enjoy the irony that you 're an immigrant voting for a party that seeks to amend the legislation which allows you to come in and vote for them . 
  aye , it 's a nice gesture for stations that are actually stations instead of just stops , but for the rest , the people at clipperstown , trooperslane , greenisland , jordanstown and whiteabbey , where there is no building to sit inside and where announcements often just do n't occur , there 's no fare to be given . 
  this really reads like a vice article , even the title screams it . 
  there 's an ni conservative party , who do abysmally every year , a green party ( which is separate from the mainland party ) and ukip also run here . 
  in addition , the ulster unionist party ( uup ) have a pact with the conservatives ( that 's the mainland conservatives ) or at least they did in 2010 , running under some ridiculous acronym . 
  the reason behind the lack of major parties running in northern ireland , and this is not a scientific answer , is most likely because of the climate of northern irish politics , where there is n't a divide between the left and the right , but rather a divide between green and orange , between unionists and nationalists . 
  hopefully this changes . 
  did n't know that , actually surprised as i thought that steven agnew just ran the show in ni , with ross brown and the rest of the councillors !, 
  sorry , missed this reply , hope it 's not too late . 
  yes , donegal is not part of the uk , it is a part of the republic of ireland , but despite not being part of northern ireland , is the most northern part of the island of ireland . 
  you use the euro there , not the british pound . 
  it 's much easier to attain a visa to ireland than the uk , or at least that 's what i 've heard from american friends who 've visited here . 
  also , there are no travel restrictions between northern ireland and the republic , you can go across the border with no problem at all , not even a check . 
  i actually applied to be agnew 's `` administrative assistant '' or something earlier this year , but my cv got rejected . 
  he 's a solid mla , introduced that children 's bill earlier this year did n't he ? 
  i remember seeing something about it reaching the second stage of the process of passing a bill , but have n't seen much more about it . 
  ross brown , the couple times that i 've been in attendance when he was speaking , seems like a solid , down to earth man who was more concerned with sorting out economic and infrastructure issues than the environment . 
  shame that people dismiss the party as green hippies instead of looking into their manifesto . 
  like many people in the north from both sides of the political divide , i know sweet fa about the south 's political system with the exception that currently a coalition is in place and the three main parties are labour , fine gael and fianna fail , all three of whom are considered right-wing . 
  i 've heard sinn fein are making gains , which some in the south seem to take more offense at than most in the north , surprisingly .
