  would southerners know much about the political system of northern ireland ? 
  i 've seen your username about r/ireland , i visit both it and r/northernireland , but it gets more difficult as both subs seem to be becoming more and more spiteful and divisive by the day . 
  see i do n't know , while the posts in r/northernireland are generally pretty even minded , once you get into the comments the classic green/orange divide shows up and the quality of discussion is forgone in lieu of upvotes ( or downvotes ) from people of whatever side the commenter is from . 
  around the whole ashers ' bakery thing , there was a lot of anger spewed out , and a lot of misinformation presented as fact on both sides . 
  i unsubbed from r/northernireland and went exclusively to r/ireland for my jokes about weather and debates about tayto or kings , but recently i have n't seen a thread without needless , over-the-top argument , and there 's too many `` i 'm coming to ireland , plan my trip for me '' style posts . 
  i think both subreddits need stricter moderation , but maybe it 'll sort itself out when , as you say , contentious issues like the marriage referendum pass . 
  i take it you 're not from the uk , katie hopkins is well known for being arguably one of the most hated figures in the public eye in the uk and with good reason . 
  she may agree with you on one point , but just because she shares one common interest with you does n't mean that the rest of her beliefs are n't harmful and idiotic . 
  she writes a column for `` the sun '' , one of the biggest heaps of shit in the uk , from which she spews vitriolic hatred for all those who do n't match her thatcherite view of society . 
  especially targeted are immigrants , the working class and anyone who is n't deemed by mrs. hopkins to conform to her view of a `` britain for the british '' , meaning that if you do n't possess blind patriotism , you 're scum . 
  i get that ( i hope that ) you 're making a joke , but to be honest this sub often blindly praises hopkins because the two happen to agree on a single issue . 
  this is dangerous , as the sub is signing itself up to something that it has no clue about . 
  to give a hyperbolic example , if a group of neo-nazis happened to also be anti-fat people , would swastikas and shaved heads be adopted by this sub ? 
  hopkins is a right cunt , and should be treated like a right cunt . 
  you mean that you 're trolling , or she 's trolling ? 
  if you mean the latter , no , hopkins is n't trolling , those are her genuine beliefs . 
  she gains a lot of attention not because she says these things , but because unlike many others in britain , she genuinely believes them . 
  the woman 's an idiot , a genuine idiot , but because of her background , appearance and manner of speaking , it 's harder to dismiss her points as uneducated nonsense . 
  no one respects her , no one trusts her , people watch her because its like watching someone run repeatedly into a wall , its fascinating how stupid they are . 
  she is n't in this for the money , she was already rich . 
  she does well for herself because she 's a goon , and the sooner people stop thinking she 's anything more than that , the better . 
  that would probably be a pretty apt comparison , from what i 've seen of coulter over the past year or so she could be compared to hopkins , with the only exception that britain lacks the support for extreme right wing views that america has in abundance . 
  the truth is , to point out flaws in either coulter or hopkins is n't hating on them , it 's something that is useful , but letting them irritate you or worsen your day is unacceptable , because they 're a pair of eejits . 
  before you go ahead and apply for a visa to britain , look up the common travel agreement , it basically says that travel between ireland and the uk does not require any passport checks or other documents , similar to the eu 's schegen area . 
  also , there 's some excellent language learning subreddits that are full of great learning resources , for south america , check out r/learnspanish , or use r/language learning . 
  regardless of whether you agree with the first audience member 's views , it has to be said that the conduct of the green party candidate was immature , almost pantomime-like . 
  also , did it not feel like that sdlp audience man was trying to say that regardless of his own beliefs , the absent sdlp mlas should have attended ? 
  that 's the way he began his statement , before the arguing started . 
  no , but you can tell their sex . 
  well , it looks like you 've got some insider information that the detectives clearly did n't , you should give them a call !, 
  sir nicholas winton is actually still alive , he 's 105 years old , and he turns 106 on the 19th of may . 
  to be fair , she could be from a state like ohio , inside the eastern time zone but still the midwest . 
  that map does n't show that unlike the rest of the uk , northern ireland does not allow same-sex marriages . 
  its `` score '' would be much lower . 
  well , is n't that lovely, 
  in fairness , frankie boyle is a scottish nationalist , who was an active figure during the lead up to the referendum . 
  he 's been extremely critical of what was done by britain in the past and actually got in trouble for ( among many other things ) a joke in which he referenced former prime minister lloyd george , saying ( pretending to answer a telephone ) `` hello , ministry of war , department of nigger bombing '', 
  yeah , that thing about the uprising/terrorists ? 
  a complete fabrication , no truth to it whatsoever . 
  not trouble with the police , but trouble with viewers and the press , although that joke pales in comparison to the offense caused by some of his jokes . 
  well i mean , they did want it . 
  whether if given the option , mexico would reintegrate texas , is a much more complicated question , as the state comes with its own set of problems and the texas of 2015 does n't share too many similarities with that of 19th century texas . 
  realistically ? 
  mexico probably does n't want texas . 
  no , i 'm not kidding and while your points are somewhat valid , you ignore the vast divide in the lifestyles of texans and mexicans . 
  the two countries are a world apart . 
  not only would the cost of integrating texas into mexico be ( most likely , i 'm not an economist ) absolutely massive , the opposition of the vast majority of texans to such a move would likely involve fierce opposition , not only politically , but forcefully . 
  the simple truth of the matter is that such a move would absolutely never happen , as it would benefit no one . 
  i 'm actually from northern ireland and during the 1990s , the british government under ( i think ? ), 
  john major announced that they actually had no strategic or economic interest in northern ireland . 
  we take more from the uk economy than we give back . 
  god , people from here killed english people regularly and millions were caused in damages by ira and inla bombs on the mainland . 
  northern ireland can not , by law , as enshrined in the good friday agreement of 1998 , leave the uk unless a majority of people in northern ireland are in favour of this . 
  england ( although i assume you meant the uk ) does n't actually want northern ireland these days , although obviously they can not outright say , `` northern ireland can fuck away off '' . 
  edit : also , what is that about it being the biggest economy in the latin world ? 
  what even is the latin world ? 
  hahaha that 's funny , maybe they 're coming in as civilians , and one day , they 'll rise up and overthrow the state . 
  at least they were kind enough to bring some excellent food first though . 
  you 're absolutely right , but you forget two massive factors . 
  the actual cost of integration ( its not an overnight change , as you said ) and the opposition to the change . 
  similar to the northern ireland example , if things were actually to change , you 'd be looking at a huge amount of violence . 
  no one wants that . 
  it would n't be worth it . 
  its not entirely economic , not just dollars and cents . 
  the issue being discussed was whether or not mexico would want to absorb texas , not what would happen in the event of texas seceding . 
  also , secession is not a prerequisite to joining another country , a region can go from being part of one nation to being part of another without first undergoing independence . 
  i 'm interested to hear why you think that , you believe that if tomorrow , mexico were to be offered texas , that they would say yes ? 
  regardless of the huge uproar this would cause , as well as the financial cost of absorbing a state as large as texas , including ( but not limited to ) the changing of all public sector areas to be entirely conducted in spanish ? 
  it is true that texas is very oil rich , but what of the clear loss of life that would follow such a transition ? 
  do you believe that the mexican government would be willing to take on such a large number of heavily armed texans , giving that they are currently embroiled in a conflict with the various cartels ? 
  so you see what i 'm saying , that if offered texas by the us government , it is likely that mexico would decline ? 
  nope , i love everything about texas , with the exception of the politics , but that 's not a problem of texas alone . 
  the food , accent and mix of mexico with the us make it a state that 's that little bit different from the rest of the southern states , to name just one thing that i like about it . 
  it 's interesting to me to hear that you perceive asking questions to be putting on an `` authoritative voice '' , you do see the other answers that i 've put down as well , do n't you ? 
  in which i respond to the fact that texas is an economic giant , but make it clear that this issue is n't just dollars and cents ? 
  another point though , that example you gave is irrelevant , these are countries , not companies . 
  apples and oranges ( no pun intended ) . 
  you seem very aggressive , but you 've made the biggest error there in this message . 
  you say that `` there is an inherent assumption '' . 
  no , there is n't . 
  that 's the absolute crux of this . 
  there is no assumptions to be made , of course if the circumstances were right , most countries would want to absorb more land . 
  in fact , almost every country would . 
  changing the parameters of the scenario to suit your viewpoint completely invalidates the point of discussing it in the first place . 
  the point that i have continuously made , and which others who disagreed with me have agreed with , is that in the event of texas becoming a part of mexico , the texans would present huge opposition to this , most likely armed opposition . 
  you should check out the subreddit !, 
  it 's in its infancy right now , so the more subscribers and contributors the better !, 
  they are three different but similar languages , each related to other romance languages like french or italian because all of them come from latin . 
  galician is more similar language to portuguese , with the main differences occurring in the spelling of the words . 
  i 'm personally not too familiar with germanic and slavic languages , but being a french and spanish speaker , i 've found that romance languages generally follow the same grammatical structure , with regards to things like verb conjugations . 
  i feel like this is n't a great explanation , so maybe an example might be better to demonstrate the similarities between galician , spanish and portugese . 
  ** this is the sentence `` i want to eat eight apples '' . 
  ** edit : translation error , now fixed . 
  you 're spot on , i think i must have been thinking about how many languages there were , hahaha . 
  i 'll change that now , thanks . 
  i honestly do n't know what 's gotten into my head tonight , i also initially wrote it as `` i eat three apples '' . 
  need to take a nap !, 
  you 're right , i 've fixed it now , thanks !, 
  great to hear , you 're more than welcome there !, 
  i can see where you 're coming from regarding its usefulness as a language to communicate in , but communication is not the sole reason for learning a language .
