  to give an example , in spain , during the civil war , the nationalists under franco were facist . 
  yet , as previously said , in ireland , nationalists in the north are usually ( not always ) left wing . 
  nah , its my magazine . 
  first and last time i 'll buy it though , you 're right , the ads are the content . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  in fairness , you 're going off what a faceless stranger said on the internet . 
  that commenter could be someone from down the block from you . 
  absolute last person i expected to see . 
  there 's nothing of real substance in this post , which just states a load of vague ideas without offering anything that could actually be useful to the reader . 
  poor quality post . 
  unsure what you mean by that , as most of the deaths for the united kingdom will have been troubles related . 
  omagh in 1998 is explicitly stated , an act carried out by the real ira ( albeit not the provisional ira . ), 
  is n't it that ted x events can be organised by , and include , anyone , while official ted events ' speakers are generally of a higher quality ? 
  i disagree with the above point . 
  i 'm also a native english speaker and while `` they 're coming after us '' would work , `` they 're following after us '' sounds very unnatural . 
  if i 'm interpreting the action scene correctly , the boeing is being chased ? 
  in that case , both `` they 're after us ! '', 
  and `` they 're coming after us ! '', 
  work well . 
  why do you say so ? 
  yeah i understand you , i 've recently been listening to them and had to look up the lyrics online at certain points . 
  in `` el aguante '' they frequently say `` aguantamos '' but they do n't pronounce the 's ' at the end , is this a puerto rican thing ? 
  did n't really work for argentina either did it, 
  this is incredibly good and your dad has earned himself another subscriber . 
  everything about this video is fantastic , from the skill of the painter , to the editing and music to the description which links both of ethan and hila 's channels . 
  thanks for posting this here , i look forward to watching more of your dad 's videos . 
  ** opponent ? 
  *** common ? 
  **** thesaurus ? 
  wow great points there bud , you 're sure a credible source . 
  i 'm just supposed to believe a word that you say when you ca n't even spell the words you 're saying ? 
  yeah good luck there bud . 
  do you mean sikhs ? 
  sorry , assaulting the disabled is a hate crime where i 'm from, 
  travel safe pupper, 
  is n't the wall , or castle black at least , filmed outside of larne , in northern ireland ? 
  flaming arrows do n't actually work in real life like they do in films and video games , i think that the youtuber lindybeige did a video explaining it . 
  in fairness there 's not tens of millions of immigrants , the 2011 census puts the foreign born population of the entire uk at just under 8 million, 
  if you say so like , just know that mi5 is the organisation that operates in northern ireland as it 's the uk 's domestic security service , while mi6 is the foreign service . 
  i have no idea about the whole hating israelis thing being true or not , but how does that make him a muslim ? 
  much of the western world dislikes israel for their actions too , it 's not a solely muslim thing . 
  which uk prime minister or irish taoiseach smoked grass ? 
  yeah , except northern irish is a different nationality than irish ... irish from northern ireland here . 
  an mp ( british member of parliament ) was murdered by a leave supporter after a meeting in her constituency . 
  have a google for `` jo cox '' . 
  even for donald trump ? 
  which ones ? 
  do you have stats for that ? 
  i read that article , where are the stats ? 
  are you sure you replied to the right comment ? 
  there is nothing in there about prison populations . 
  the uk does have legal gay marriage , only northern ireland does not as it is a devolved issue . 
  i 'm actually from northern ireland , and knowing that it is by far the smallest of the home nations in population , feel pretty secure in saying that as the rest of the uk ( all of britain ) has legalised same sex marriage , then it 's okay to say that the uk has same sex marriage . 
  i do n't know anything about his politics , but that 's the name that came up when i did a reverse google image search . 
  why not ? 
  probably in solidarity with the palestinians/arab socialists, 
  aye , it was deadliest warrior , ira vs taliban hahaha . 
  the `` battle '' took place in a car park , i think the ira won , victory by nail bomb . 
  biggest laugh i 've had in ages . 
  10 men would die on this hunger strike , of both the provisional ira and the lesser known inla ( irish national liberation army ) . 
  bobby sands was elected as an mp to the british house of commons during his time on hunger strike , which is what the `` fermanagh-south tyrone '' on this poster refers to ( it was the constituency in which he was elected . ), 
  sands ' funeral was attended by over 100,000 and his death was followed by intense rioting and an upsurge in ira violence . 
  yeah , that 's about right . 
  they were strongly left wing , having emerged from a split in the official ira , who became the worker 's party . 
  the political wing of the inla was the irish republican socialist party ( irsp ) . 
  that 's not what cuckoldry means , at all . 
  that 's not really the reason that the uk has an unarmed police force . 
  it 's a gross oversimplification of the issue and one that does n't belong in any discourse on policing matters in the real world . 
  have you heard of the cervantes institute ? 
  they 're the official cultural institute of the spanish government and they have locations in dozens of cities around the world . 
  they offer language tuition and cultural classes , such as film and music appreciation . 
  i sat a dele exam in one of their centres , and a lot of the people sitting the exam had taken language classes in the institute . 
  they also usually have libraries full of spanish books and media there , which are a fantastic resource . 
  what 's more , usually the staff are all spaniards too , and you can get great speaking practice for free by just striking up a conversation while you 're there . 
  more cunts , maybe . 
  he was right and did n't jump to conclusions or joke about a shooting , i do n't see why you 'd criticise the guy, 
  yes , alex maskey of sinn fein just stated on utv that there will be no assembly after an election without an investigation into rhi . 
  yeah , the national socialists were the nazi party . 
  they were not socialists . 
  they believed socialism was a disease , they imprisoned communists , socialists and trade unionists . 
  regardless of your political views , ( i 'm sure mine are different to yours , but that 's okay , everyone has their own opinion on things ) it 's important to know the history of these things . 
  i 'm unsure why you say `` jews and muslims are the same ? '', 
  as i did n't say that . 
  the rest of the lines in your comment seem to be really strange arguments . 
  why do you assume that an influx of jews to germany and sweden would increase those countries ' iqs ? 
  are jews supposedly more intelligent than the christians , atheists , muslims or other religions in those countries ? 
  why are the terror attacks of 2016 so relevant ? 
  surely we can look at recent decades and see that all religions are capable of disgusting acts of terror ? 
  people often confuse the troubles in northern ireland as a religious war , and while it was an ethno-nationalist conflict , not a religious one , religion certainly played a large role and many paramilitaries of catholic and protestant backgrounds killed people for their religions . 
  ultra orthodox extremism exists in israel , and israeli settlers and military conduct in palestine has killed many civilians , that 's a fact , regardless of what your view is of the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  i studied their politics in both school and university , yes , they were not socialists . 
  national socialism is a different ideology to socialism , a vastly different ideology . 
  it 's nazism , it 's a form of fascism , and it 's as far from socialism as you can get . 
  socialism itself is distinct from communism , both of those ideologies , while closely linked , have major differences , and major differences exist between marxism , trotskyism and all the other forms of socialist ideology . 
  i 'm not a big fan of any of them personally , but i know that there are differences between them . 
  that was not implied , it was said they were switching scapegoats , not that those scapegoats were the same thing . 
  the number of nobel prize winners by religion does not dictate that religion 's iq . 
  religious groups do not have iqs . 
  the israeli-palestinian conflict is an incredibly complex issue , and saying that `` the palestinians whine to the world '' is misleading . 
  the palestinian people who face bombardment for the actions of militant groups are n't combatants .
