  france is where idea of state control of religion is coming from . 
  do non-muslim belgians hold a minute silince attacks targeting muslims ? 
  why ? 
  did you harass a random stranger too ? 
  turkey had open border policy until recently because of refugee crises . 
  basically we did opposite of what `` humanist '' europeans did when refugees started to come . 
  opened the border instead of closing it !, 
  only `` master race '' europeans care about continental identity in modern world . 
  it 's just covert racism . 
  `` we are european . 
  we are special . '', 
  it 's a terrorist organization . 
  they want to create terror . 
  i recently read in a popular turkish forum how 2 turkish girls , who were n't wearing islamic clothes , were verbally abused in poland just because they are from turkey . 
  they hate muslims , not beards or clothes . 
  just say you are indian !, 
  syria and egypt have sharia law . 
  turkey is still a secular country . 
  `` islamist '' became a buzzword to name countries and leaders westerners do n't like . 
  did n't these guys complain about finland too ? 
  i like how they act like spoiled tourists . 
  turkey 's syria policy is one of many reasons why is got so big but turkey does n't directly support is . 
  this is just propaganda bullshit . 
  btw kurds are anything but progressive . 
  t\u00f6re killing ( honour killing ) , blood feud , female circumcision , child marriage etc. 
  kurds are most backwards nation in all middle east , even worse than sunni arabs . 
  yes , they avoid killing foreigners . 
  they do n't want to lose westerners ' support . 
  we are paying the price for erdogan 's neo-ottomanist policies in syria . 
  both isis and pkk got stronger because of turkey 's policies . 
  turkey kept fueling that clusterfuck of war and now fire got so big , it 's burning turkey too . 
  pkk brought the fight to cities , not army . 
  pkk was hoping for big support , an uprising . 
  it did n't happen . 
  kurds do n't want the civil war pkk longing for . 
  they saw what happened in syria and iraq . 
  they are trying to provoke a civil war . 
  pkk leader named latest escalations `` turkish spring '' . 
  but there is no spring , most kurds are just leaving their homes when pkk starts digging trenches in their cities . 
  is also performed suicide bombings in turkey . 
  1 in istanbul ( german tourists died ) , 1 in ankara , 2 in south east turkey ( they targeted kurds ) . 
  is did n't claim last 2 ankara suicide attacks . 
  there is no doubt 2 ankara suicide attacks performed by kurdish separatists . 
  a mp of pro-pkk kurdish party hdp visited funeral of suicide bomber and called him martyr of kurdistan , praised him . 
  pkk stocked weapons and formed new terror cells all over turkey . 
  erdogan just stayed and watched not to hurt peace talks despite army 's objections . 
  that was a big mistake . 
  turkey 's median age is 29 . 
  we are one generation younger than europeans . 
  so 40 is considered old in turkey . 
  pkk broke the truce , not erdogan . 
  they got cocky after their success in syria thanks to usaf bombings . 
  they thought they can do same thing in turkey and started digging trenches and arming young kurds who joined them . 
  but turkey is n't syria , taf rekt them pretty bad . 
  and now they are desperately suicide bombing civilians hoping for a civil war . 
  there is no fracture . 
  kck , pkk 's umbrella organization , backed previous suicide attack . 
  probably kurdish separatists again . 
  kck , umbrella organization which includes pkk , ypg etc. , supported the previous suicide attack with a statement . 
  tak , pkk affiliate , claimed responsibility for last 2 suicide bombings . 
  this is just conspiracy theory , a bad one . 
  she was an us citizen . 
  if she was a spy turkey would make an excuse and deport her instead of assassinating her to avoid diplomatic shitstorm . 
  it 's true m\u0130t assassinated a lot of kurdish and leftist journalists until let 90s but they do n't do that anymore . 
  police simply put them in jail . 
   killed bullshit !, 
  our democracy is shit but turkey is n't fucking russia . 
  only journalist who was killed last 15 years is hrant dink . 
  prosecutor runned an investigation and charged killer , also some state officials because of their neglect . 
  there is no carrot anymore . 
  support for eu membership is pretty low in turkey . 
  we wanted to join eu because of economic reasons . 
  `` it 's rich countries club . 
  if we join , we will become rich too . '', 
  turkey 's economy is growing relatively fast by itself and greece economic crisis was an eye opener for everybody . 
  people started to think eu membership does n't worth much , why give up our austerity which is something we are very fond of . 
  it was n't joke . 
  turkey wants to win saudi arabia 's multi-billion dollar main battle tank tender . 
  our net migration rate is already positive since our europe diaspora is coming back . 
  turkey is n't uk but our economy is better than you think . 
  for example our purchased power adjusted minimum wage is 2-3 times higher than eastern european countries and even slightly higher than spain ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/thumb/c/cc/minimum_wages%2c_january_2016_%28%c2%b9%29_%28pps_per_month%29_yb16-ii.png/700px-minimum_wages%2c_january_2016_%28%c2%b9%29_%28pps_per_month%29_yb16-ii.png ) ) . 
  `` 80 million muslims will invade europe , behead us and take our jobs if we let turkey in '' is just xenophobic paranoia which populist politicians like to exploit a lot to fish for votes . 
  btw there are ongoing negotiations to reunite cyprus and turkey supports it . 
  an agreement is very likely in 2016 . 
  of course it 's nothing wrong with that but the ad is pretty gay . 
  freedom of movement is basic human right . 
  if they want to go europe , they can go . 
  if you do n't want them , close your borders and start shooting bypassers , sinking their boats . 
  i saw a woman too in video . 
  btw these videos went viral in turkey . 
  i think they are gypsies but somebody posted them saying `` dutch fans are mocking , humiliating muslim refugees . '' . 
  half of the turkey are cursing dutch people and praising spaniards right now . 
  it 's not all bad . 
  some spaniards stepped in and stopped dutch idiots . 
  no turks will flee to your precious europe . 
  do n't worry !, 
  russia will not start a war with turkey because of pkk and us should go fuck himself . 
  westerners ' beloved kurdish freedom fighters did it again . 
  turkey should freeze diplomatic relationships with all countries which support apoist terror groups ( pkk , ypg , tak etc. ), 
  starting from us .
