turkey does n't just fund mosques . 
  a state institution trains , employs imams and sends friday prayer speeches to them . 
  for example after paris attack imams made a speech advising followers to stay away from that kind of bullshit by using religious references . 
  i am not so sure germany can do that . 
  in germany 's case it 's not sensible since most of their mosques are turkish . 
  turkey uses mosques to prevent radicalization , not to promote it . 
  [ turkish imams in germany to stand guard in front of media buildings in solidary against terror . 
  ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkish-imams-in-germany-to-stand-guard-in-front-of-media-buildings-in-solidary-against-terror.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=76791&amp;newscatid=393 ) this was ordered from ankara after charlie hebdo attack . 
  ironically homophobia is something we learned from you westerners . 
  bisexuality was pretty common and socially acceptable in ottoman empire . 
  show me a sharia law erdogan passed last 13 years he was running the country , i will hope in the next refugee boat going to greece . 
  if you are looking for a religious law , just look at your union 's member poland . 
  abortion is illegal there because apparently it is a sin . 
  islamist this , islamist that !, 
  turkey is a secular country . 
  turkey 's homicide rate is 5 times lower than russia . 
  murder is n't a big problem here let alone gay murders . 
  turkey is not as bad as eastern europe . 
  nobody will beat you because you are gay or you have `` wrong '' skin color . 
  [ talking from experience ? 
  ] ( https://philebersole.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/osamabinladen1993.jpg ), 
  talking about 1915 events is n't illegal here unlike some european countries . 
  you ca n't say it was n't a genocide in france for example . 
  i am not defending prison sentence but european countries have similar hate speech laws too . 
  they usually invoke them when jews are involved for some reason though . 
  best way to deal with saudi extremism , wahhabism is banning foreign funding of mosques , schools . 
  that 's what we do here . 
  according to an independent public poll 91 % of people want to keep secularism in new constitution . 
   we ca n't work and just eat with tons of money that glorious turkey is giving to us without anything in return ... / s this is exactly what you do . 
  you have two sources of income : underworked , overpaid state jobs which are funded by turkey , renting out greeks ' houses you seized after turkey 's operation to turks . 
  not just muslims , jews too . 
  for example thessaloniki was a jewish majority city during ottoman times . 
   none of the turkish settlers are using cypriot flag ... 
  they are probably busy working now unlike noble native cypriots . 
  nato ? 
  ypg ( offshoot of pkk ) is bigger threat than is for turkey . 
  every country has her own interests . 
  this should n't be surprising . 
  basically `` do n't make up your mind before you listen all sides of story . '', 
  5 million turks were killed after balkan wars . 
  btw are you trying to justify ethnic cleansing of civilians ? 
  are you an evil genocide denier ? 
  you sound like one . 
  the term `` ethnic cleansing '' was first used to describe massacres turks faced in belgrad . 
  was that tragic too ? 
  nobody seems to care . 
  oh wait , you make jokes about it !, 
   karabakh conflict which they started . 
  orban is autocratic piece of shit too . 
  they ca n't do that because of your fake european values you like to brag about a lot . 
  so they are looking for another country which will do the dirty job for them . 
  i hope turkey ca n't stop refugees and all world see true face of `` humanist '' , `` equalist '' europeans . 
  you are one step away from starting sinking their boats , shooting them on border . 
  what gate ? 
  visa free travel does n't grant you citizenship of country you want . 
  if that was possible 90 % of europeans and americans would become norwegian citizen . 
  what 's the point of having a big army if you would not bully your neighbors time to time ? 
  they should move to gaza if they want to see one . 
  meanwhile in sweden a minister was forced to resign because he criticized israel . 
  europeans are biggest hypocrites ever . 
  good call !, 
  we do same to separatist terror supporters here but eu keeps complaining for a mysterious reason . 
  wait a minute !, 
  what happened to europeans ' beloved freedom of speech ? 
  you guys were whining about lack of freedom to call erdogan goatfucker , pedo , kurd-genocider last couple of days . 
  muslim invasion !, 
  time for new crusade !, 
  hurry , elect another bush !, 
  what action can you take ? 
  turkey is n't eu member . 
  if european parliament really cares about democracy they should do something about orban 's hungary , new government of poland and racist , fascist movements raising all over eu . 
  did n't he call erdogan goat-fucker , kurd-genocider ? 
  i doubt a german comedian can call netanyahu greedy , big-nosed palestinian-killer . 
  i am all for limitless freedom of speech but laws should apply everybody equally . 
  not anymore !, 
  m\u0130t used them against pkk and some leftist groups until late 90s . 
  grey wolves is only youth branch of nationalist party today . 
  they are no different than le pen or wilders supporters . 
  they are xenophobic , maybe even racist but not particularly violent . 
  pkk is pretty good at pr . 
  turkey does n't care since she does n't need sympathy of europeans in this conflict . 
  grey wolves is n't a terrorist group but pkk is a terrorist organization according to eu and nato . 
  yep , it 's dangerous here . 
  go france or belgium instead . 
  i like how this is big news here while pedophilic rape scandal which involves french un soldiers was downvoted to hell with almost no comments . 
  it 's news only when europeans are victims , not the abusers . 
  if xenophobia is really a crime in europe , half of the europeans should be in jail . 
  how unchristian of them !, 
  you do n't watch south park . 
  do you ? 
  i had worked with french engineers in a multinational project . 
  they are definitely not lazy but they are arrogant and annoying as fuck . 
  my italian coworkers were pretty much opposite . 
  they do n't give a fuck about work but they are really down to earth and fun people . 
   this is nationally underrepresented simply because migrants tend not to go to rural parts due to a relative lack of job opportunity . 
  job opportunity !, 
  why ? 
  i thought they go europe to abuse welfare . 
   cyprus which one ? 
  :d turkey adopted french secularism ( laicism ) .
