how does mexico pay for all of these walls ? 
  and how much money is flowing back from expats ? 
  when will turkey join isis officially ? 
  and ypg, 
  you mean against the kurds, 
  is this related to earthquakes ? 
  we have a few a year were i live but it 's almost as light as ukraine . 
  that is something that i did n't expect . 
  i was almost sure that turkey was heading towards a russian alliance . 
  disarmament, 
  someone has to start . 
  if noone starts , the situation wo n't change . 
  journalism is dead . 
  norway , switzerland , iceland , would n't mind those . 
  yes but turks do n't go apeshit like this , unless its about erdogan , armenia or football of course . 
  yes please, 
  the main threat for jews is islam . 
  that seems a bit strange , far right in the netherlands are pro israel, 
  at work probably in the morning . 
  not really , only worried in losing the status of tax haven, 
  it counts as gronings gdp, 
  in theory all of them . 
  yep, 
  suck it finland !, 
  it 's a country within the kingdom of the netherlands , not just an island, 
  8 % seems a lot but the spanish minimum wage is a joke . 
  because of esa 's track record for mars ? 
  it was always here , just look at the communists or nazi 's, 
  in dutch low saxon berg = barg = hill, 
  de krim - crimea , nieuw moscou - new moscow , polen - poland , bartlehiem - bethlehem . 
  zuur = sour zurig = sourish, 
  sourish, 
  the hague ( 's gravenhage ) - the count 's hedge . 
  den bosch ( 's hertogenbosch ) - the duke 's bush, 
  strange because low german is a descendant of saxon . 
  should n't saxon be with low german ? 
  same problem in the netherlands, 
  dutch ( diets ) had the same meaning as deutsch ( duits ) in dutch too in that period . 
  thats all pork, 
  in the randstad maybe , not in the rest of the country, 
  npo , funded by tax ( 75 % ) and advertising ( 25 % ) advertising revenue does n't go to the broadcasting system but to the ministry that finances it . 
  1 gram can be 0,50 or 1,49 gram being rounded off . 
  * vvd ( peoples party for freedom and democracy ) rightwing liberals , conservatives * pvv ( party for freedom ) populism , varies to right wing to socialist on policies * cda ( christian democratic appeal ) farmers , christians * d66 ( democrats 66 ) socialist liberals , students * groenlinks ( green left ) environmentalists , students * sp ( socialist party ) populism , left wing , shares electorate with pvv * pvda ( labour ) previous elections favoured by immigrants and muslims * cu ( christian union ) orthodox reformed biblebelt people * pvdd ( party for the animals ) animal rights , protest vote * 50plus babyboomers and old people * sgp ( reformed political party ) makes the gop look like progressive liberals * denk ( turkish for equality ) muslims * fvd ( forum for democracy ) altright, 
  realistic toy guns are treated the same way as real guns . 
  airsoft guns have been excempt under very strict rules and regulation . 
  fathers side 100 % dutch , over 300 years , mothers side  75 % dutch for over 400 years . 
  mothers side includes flemish and french, 
  it takes seconds to launch the app , enter your password and scan the qr code, 
  nah , your red and blue are a different shade just like the flag of luxemburg, 
  nothing like that thankfully, 
  you mean like internet or the good old church bells ? 
  only when the deep down comes back up, 
  i can conform that you might have heard this . 
  going by bike is one km shorter and probably the same travel time . 
  but i do n't own a bike . 
  3km 10 minutes by car, 
  how to get robbed in 3 2 1, 
  netherlands too, 
  we can civilise them again . 
  my life is a lie, 
  i do n't even know what a cheque looks like, 
  nam is probably worse . 
  netherlands , only state owned casinos and three lotteries are legal . 
  there are two legal sports betting organisations , one for horse races and one for the rest . 
  rest is illegal . 
  holy shit , it 's just genocide squared, 
  belgium , our little rebellious provinces . 
  religion/municipalitie . 
  stores close at 5 on sundays, 
  i only have water to drink and the stores are closed, 
  family , not from nobility . 
  not even sure how it looks tough . 
  12:15 till 12:45 set time due to unions , never follow those times . 
  yes but not mentioned as such, 
  nope only the hanze . 
  as origin , not currently . 
  antwerp was the cultural and economic centre before the dutch golden age . 
  during the independence war against the spanish a lot of the population migrated to amsterdam . 
  at the moment , yes , 
  dutch is based on antwerp i believe . 
  austrian thongs ? 
  edit : lol australian autocorrects to austrian, 
  you need at least 4 aps for the netherlands with a score of at least 3 . 
  nascar and college football , nfl is to boring . 
  only for business, 
  france ( months , holiday ) austria ( months , holiday ) germany ( weeks , holiday and getting booze ) italy ( weeks , holiday ) croatia ( weeks , holiday ) luxemburg ( weeks , holiday ) belgium ( weeks , holiday , day trips ) spain ( a week , holiday ), 
  bunder ( hectare ) dozijn ( dozen ) gros ( gross ) ons ( 3 ounces ) pond ( 500 grams ), 
  holland , rarely . 
  england , rarely use uk , always use england/scotland . 
  yankees , never . 
  repressive dictator . 
  belgium , was a bit rebellious , left , did n't come back, 
  200 yearish might be even older, 
  that 's on a national level , on provincial and municipal levels there are a lot more . 
  this, 
  yes, 
  quite a few , mainly from the iraq and afghanistan occupation . 
  also some vets from lebanon , yugoslavia and mali . 
  low saxon and dutch, 
  a lot of dutch think that its legal too .
