  congratulations , i suppose . 
  i get that you judge a whole set of people by stuff their media reports in a language you likely cant even read . 
  maybe you should stop listening to the media and learn to think for yourself then . 
  because we should totally listen to gaddafi ? 
  comparing immigration to the fall of the roman empire ? 
  wow , the mental arithmetics some people have to make to justify their views are astounding . 
  `` getting '', 
   there 's no losing , only good periods and bad periods . 
  maybe , yeah . 
  judging by some other huge and growing subreddits , keeping the standards up is a fight that ca n't be won , just battled over and over . 
  but i have noticed that some of the active people who had ( what i consider ) reasonable opinions have been drowned out and effectively left the subreddit . 
  they 've either went and found a refuge elsewhere or appear to have completely left the site . 
   we have to allow a lot more potentially racist stuff than we normally would , because the migrant crisis is a pretty important issue that all sides as much as possible need to get a voice in . 
  instead of a variety of opinions , all the immigration threads are overrun with the worst of the worst , just look at the 850-comment thread from yesterday . 
  i can just about take the usual right-wing drudge to sift through but when the / r/coontown-crowd start posting here , i know shit has hit the fan . 
  i really do n't see why racist stuff should be allowed . 
  ever , whether there is an immigration crisis or not . 
  this is not what europe stands for , not only as a continent but as an ideal - and by extension is not what i think this subreddit should stand for . 
  i 'm probably biased as i have found myself getting too emotionally involved in the immigration debates with the super far righters but i have seen it getting worse in two years of subscribing here and i think you have lost that fight . 
  honestly , with the stuff i 'm reading on this subreddit you would think sweden is somehow ruled by islamic extremists and feminist lesbians at the same time . 
  i do n't think these commenters know the difference . 
  best comment you 've ever posted . 
  and another comment by some racist fucktard . 
  same human filth isis is made from . 
  edit : seriously , / u/red _ pill_overdosed posts to / r/coontown . 
  worthless , racist human filth . 
  well , now i feel silly . 
  what i want is for people to stop having medieval views . 
  i consider anti-immigrant rhetoric as medieval as the worst muslim doctrines . 
  i can call you a nazi if you want . 
  you 're a finn so i 'm sure it hits just as close . 
  the austrian is only talking about asylum seekers , though . 
  compared to racist scum like you , quite a lot of people are . 
  obviously wrong is too strongly worded , yeah , but the way this tidbit is presented in the article strikes me as quite manipulative . 
   according to a 2012 poll , 51 % of the turks in germany , who account for nearly two thirds of the total muslim population in germany , believe that homosexuality is a sickness . 
  while quite a large number that 's already 6 times as much as turks in turkey . 
  that shows to me that cultural integration is working . 
  all your argument boils down are your prejudices against muslims . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  i 'd rather get a growing muslim influence if it means getting rid of the eurocentric cultural relativist influence you and your ilk are displaying . 
   former german secret service head sch\u00e4uble it 's really hard to take blogs like this serious when they get the most simplest of facts so obviously wrong . 
  whereas standing by one just set of values is surely going to foster a narrative of happiness and harmony , davey boy , eh . 
  might not be worse than the headline but is equally stupid . 
  you 're using four specific events to defend some idiot 's view that all muslims are violent . 
  who 's grasping at straws here ? 
  you should be happy i waste my time talking to racist pieces of shit like you . 
   oh right , that does n't happen anymore in developped countries . 
  `` in 2011 , analyst daryl johnson of the united states department of homeland security said that the hutaree christian militia movement possessed more weapons than the combined weapons holdings of all islamic terror defendants charged in the us since the september 11 attacks . '', 
  [ from here . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_terrorism )  it was a two way street . 
  yes , and i was just telling the other guy that his analogy does n't quite work . 
   the number of people executed following an inquisitorial trial ( on a period spaning several centuries ) is akin to what the islamic state does in a single day . 
  and that makes one soooo much better than the other , eh . 
   begins with a political revolt against the habsourg . 
  so you 're just ignoring all the religious tensions that led up to it ? 
  what a simplistic view of history . 
   straight-out liar clearly , the concordates helped the prosecuted a lot / s. 
   link with christianity both continents are now majority-christian . 
  i wonder how that happened . 
  that made me laugh a lot more than should be expected . 
   we had an ethics revolution in the west . 
  i can see this `` ethics revolution '' is quite evident in your prejudiced views on muslims . 
  never even mind all the `` progressive '' arguments in here about how to deal with immigration . 
  talk about stupid . 
  to be fair , i would quite like to kick some of the more racist users on here . 
  and what exactly does this have to do with anything ? 
  norwegian dude argued on the basis of obviously false historism . 
  well ... at least you did n't prefix it with `` sau '' . 
  thank you other countries for being good subjects . 
  [ can you read , \u00d6si ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/may/11/which-eu-countries-receive-the-most-asylum-seekers ) germany took the most , followed by sweden . 
  neither borders the mediterranean sea . 
  damn , they 've seen through our plans . 
  history is full of christians trying to violently suppress other religions and ethnic groups as well . 
  do you think the crusades are a fairy tale ? 
  or the inquisition ? 
  or the 30-years-war ? 
  or papal support of fascism and nazism ? 
  or colonization in the americas ? 
   it 's their own laxity that makes them such an attractive place for asylum seekers . 
  or , maybe , just maybe , it is that they 're not quite as intolerant and racist as people in other countries . 
  and that 's a problem how ? 
  the last thing we need in european politics is tony abbott . 
  you should have never let him off the boat . 
  ah , `` resigned '' . 
  since growing support for ukip is so good for the union , eh . 
  eh , no worries . 
  the article is somewhat interesting but that comment has derailed any sort of discussion on it before it even got started . 
  are we getting different articles based on location ? 
  because i ca n't find / u/londonghost 's quote anywhere . 
  fair enough , katrougalos did nothing wrong . 
  still , it has absolutely nothing to do with the article at hand . 
  an unsourced reddit comment now constitutes proof ? 
  my , my , the standards * have * fallen . 
  never even mind that / u/londonghost 's quote is nowhere to be found in the article so it ca n't be part of any `` greek bashing '' . 
  wow , i just saw you edited your previous comment to a glorious butthurt wall of text , quoting mark twain like it means anything . 
  looks like i hit a nerve . 
  i 'm really too lazy to trawl to whatever other bullshit you posted . 
  you 're giving yourself way too much credit , there 's enough tripe from you in this thread alone . 
  i just love people wanting to sound highbrow while making excuses for racism .
