  or is that just your neofascist ukip brand of it ? 
  i do actually . 
  i have never and will never vote for the cdu and a very big reason for that is the spendenaff\u00e4re . 
  what has that to do with anything though ? 
  varoufakis lied in an attempt to manipulate a public referendum . 
  how anyone can be so delusional as to still defend him after this is a mystery to me . 
  hopefully not the same people who trusted greece all these years , eh , paulie ? 
  it 's a much better idea to let the people vote on it while lying them straight in the face about the consequences and your own intentions , eh ? 
  all hail `` democracy '' . 
  i would n't interpret it as a naive promise either . 
  i would interpret it as bare-faced lying . 
  in a pinch , i would also take austria . 
  you greeks really should stop blaming each other for cronyism and clientelism just based on what party you support . 
  it 's all political parties that have done it ( with the possible exception of syriza so far ) but that does n't mean that voices that come from one of these parties should immediately be silenced . 
  because that silencing has happened far too often already in the last thirty years . 
  stop eating our babies , gottverdammt !, 
  we want to do that . 
   but arguing that the 2009 crisis was a result of them is dishonest . 
  doubtful . 
  unfortunately , without the financial crisis and resulting troika involvement , there would either be another different crisis or greece continuing on merrily with its clientelism which ultimately would lead to a crisis anyways . 
  `` lose '' a border to austria and poland . 
  `` win '' a border to england . 
  well , the good outweighs the bad , i suppose . 
  what the heck is french-german-italian speaking switzerland doing in the baltic corner ? 
  usually not , actually . 
  for a fairly conservative newspaper they 've been somewhat balanced . 
  their article about this at the moment also says that it has been denied by a greek govt . 
  official . 
  if i would have to guess , then i 'd say this has been planted to the press and is part of a larger inner-german political side-battle between merkel and sch\u00e4uble who apparently do n't agree how to handle the situation . 
  i guess it should n't be forgotten that merkel was sch\u00e4uble 's successor as party leader fifteen years ago , and he might still hold a grudge . 
  to what end it has been planted and by whom , would be another matter . 
  i met a german lesbian ( not from the island ) once who had been on holiday on lesbos . 
  she had expected lots of partying and fun but instead got yoga and knitting classes . 
  the most disappointing vacation she ever had . 
  clientelism is bad , mkay . 
  oh , one of these `` news '' again . 
  shame . 
  there 's a link to a source in my second sentence in the previous post . 
  i suppose you missed it . 
  there 's another article on rp . 
  i have n't found any english sources unfortunately . 
  according to those articles , he is being tried under the newish law against holocaust lies for postulating the above mentioned theory in his book . 
  the taz deems to call it spreading racism . 
  did the beer-party do anything of substance ? 
  he promised to resign if he did n't win a seat in the uk elections . 
  he did n't win and he did n't resign . 
  some facts on the author and his current situation . 
  [ paraphrased from here ] ( http://www.taz.de/!5205659/ ) , one of the most left newspapers germany 's . 
  heinz a. richter is a former professor of modern greek and cypriot history , holds the second highest badge of merit the greek state has to offer and is a former honorable professor of the university of cretes . 
  nevertheless , he is being tried in cretes coming september for lies and spreading racism . 
  he wrote in one his books that the six-week war for cretes did * not * halt german expansion so much that it lost any chance of conquering the soviet union , which apparently - and i 'm quoting here - is `` an oft-repeated legend of modern greek history '' . 
  former greek supreme commander general manousos paragioudakis has apparently used his influence with state attorneys and will be the star witness in the process against him . 
  greek people have voted these previous governments in just like they did syriza . 
  why would he not work with the democratically elected representatives ? 
  here 's the rest :  i 'd like to continue to talk about dignity . 
  another part of dignity is what sort of friends you associate yourself with . 
  i just have to look through the room : left and right applauds together ; european extremists are applauding together - le pen , strache , ukip . 
   mr tsipras , only the european extremists are applauding , and there 's another one that we ca n't miss out on : fidel castro has congratulated you to your great success . 
  you associate yourself with false friends . 
   * parliament in uproar *  schulz : mr weber , please continue . 
   weber : i want to state another thought about dignity . 
  about the dignity of the others in europe . 
  if we are talking about debt cuts , then , please , do not lie to people . 
  debt cuts will not be paid by financial institutions and banks , no , debt cuts will be paid by portugal with 3.5 bn , and spain 24 bn euro . 
  it will be a farmer in portugal , it will be a nurse in slovakia , it will be a public official that will pay your debt . 
  i would like to ask you to see the dignity of these people . 
   mr president , i would like to introduce the term solidarity now . 
  greece is in difficult times , which is why mr juncker has offered 35 bn in aid that you have refused . 
  in the north you border bulgaria , a member state of the european union . 
  as an experienced politician , you know the circumstances of peoples ' lives there . 
  how can you explain to bulgarians - under the aspect of solidarity - that greece ca n't bear further cutbacks even though minimum salary is lower in five other countries ? 
  do you think of these people at all ? 
   i would like to introduce two other terms of european culture : firstly hope . 
  the people on this continent need hope . 
  hope for the future . 
  yesterday in your seat sat pm straujuma . 
  latvia had minus 14 percent gdp in 2009 , an economical catastrophe . 
  the politicians there did not make a referendum , but they 've put their budget in order instead . 
  they have reformed their country and led it to the future and today we can see a future for the people there . 
  you have presented catastrophic results and that is why you do n't stand for hope . 
   the final term is democracy ...  * parliament in uproar *  schulz : mr weber , please wait a moment . 
  ( to parliamentarians ) if you continue to scream down mr weber , he ca n't use his speaking time . 
  you are responsible for extending his speaking time . 
  being able to listen is part of democracy , ( in the direction of someone to his right ) we know that you are not able to do that . 
  mr weber , you may continue . 
   weber : i 'm rather thankful for the applause because it shows the extremists who want to destroy europe . 
  ladies and gentlemen , i want to say something about democracy . 
  tsipras is here as a representative of greek democracy . 
  he has conducted a referendum and won it by 61 percent . 
   mr tsipras , the socialist prime minister of slovakia , fico , has announced he also wants to conduct a referendum because slovakians have had enough of opening their pockets for greeks . 
  are other countries allowed to vote as well , mr tsipras ? 
   we have enough national perspectives in europe . 
  europe is not the sum of national referendums . 
   europe is compromise , is the search for compromise , and that is a search you have unfortunately abandoned . 
   schulz : mr weber , you have to come to an end . 
   weber : i would like to come to an end and would like the express that we respect pm tsipras as the elected of his country . 
  he has taken office democratically . 
  but as a politican and representative of the epp , we will dispute with you politically . 
   mr tsipras , you love provocation , we love compromise . 
  you love failure , we love success .
