  i thought they only issue one-month-bans on here now ? 
  / u/slyratchet , can you confirm ? 
  and all these accounts i 'm talking to here one-month-old at best and a couple of hours at the worst . 
  the `` chucklefucks '' ( i 'll remember this one ) are not stopped by a simple subreddit-ban . 
  but ... 
  i did n't give any anecdotal evidence ? 
  at least look up what words mean before you use them . 
  well , what this shows is that muslims in the european countries asked are overwhelmingly * not * in favour of sharia laws . 
  also , i ca n't say i 'm surprised that support for sharia laws is high in countries where the government has a traditionally dim view of free speech ( and that 's putting it mildly ) . 
  in the one western country asked , the us , results are even more optimistic . 
  dude , at least link those facebook groups before you write a wall of text . 
  i 'm from kreuzberg . 
  i do n't need to be on the internet to talk to muslims . 
  i know this is just anecdotal evidence as well but at least it 's the real world . 
  also , considering facebook saves it all , that 's actually good . 
  the opinion of the german government is that messages in a public forum [ can be legally survailled and catalogued ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/netzwelt/netzpolitik/weroq-regierung-erklaert-plaene-zur-facebook-ueberwachung-a-982846.html ) ( only found german article ) . 
  let them implicate themselves on social networks . 
  much prefereable to some alternatives . 
  well , do n't just blindly state that there is statistical evidence . 
  show it . 
  considering you might get the same pictures from moderate americans in favour of whatever they use for capital punishment , i find the outrage a tad overstated . 
  man , i just love accounts who ca n't have a discussion and resort to name-calling on a completely unrelated reply . 
  what a figure of enlightenment you are . 
  an unsourced graph with no context of where the data is from ? 
  such evidence wow, 
   his women we have legalized bigamy now ? 
  huh , who knew . 
  or have you finally resorted to making shit up to support your ludicrous argument ? 
   basically everyone remotely involved with the law or education oh , i had n't realized they let every teacher , professor , judge and lawyer in germany state their opinion . 
  pretty good for a half-hour-doc . 
  bitch-slapping them or deporting parents who teach them something you do n't agree with is `` upholding the law '' now ? 
  dude , you need to read up on what `` law '' , `` tolerance '' and `` values '' actually are . 
  your grasp on these terms seems tenuous at best . 
  of course , anecdotal evidence ( that 's not even elaborated on ) by an unflaired , one-day-old account is surely the evidence we should rely on . 
  abusing the abusers , eh ? 
  ah , good old european values . 
  hopefully , you 'll get an iron cross for it . 
   i imagine maybe you should stop sitting around but actually go talk to them ? 
  it 's hard to take you serious as being `` tolerant '' when you preface this with their `` backwardness '' . 
  in fact , it shows that you 're anything but . 
   accept european values , human rights  i just want to bitch-slap some european values into them ah , you 're the special kind of stupid . 
  it does n't sound like you 're capable of understanding what constitutes european values . 
  in fact , you sound about as medieval as them . 
   european values like bitch-slapping people ? 
  sounds like your particular brand of european values is n't too far from theirs . 
  yes , surely , it 's not the boats , or the haphazard nature of the journey , or the smugglers , or the perils undertaken to even get to the ocean - it 's angela merkel , the devious woman . 
  idiotic . 
   what kind of news channel is the one depicted ? 
  it 's mdr , state-owned regional tv . 
  not wanting to hang him by his nuts is not showing compassion . 
  being against a lynchmob is not the same as pacifism . 
  nobody deserves to be raped just as much as nobody deserves to be tortured . 
  you 're really the spokesperson for our superior european culture in this thread with statements like these . 
  yes , surely every `` southern '' or `` north african '' type in the country has been brought in personally by merkel in the last couple of days . 
   a congregation/high-intensity of a certain ethoreligious group in a defined area that over represents the national demographic . 
  but , if you exclude `` the stereotypical high propensity of crime '' , then what would be the bad thing about `` a congregation of a certain ethnoreligious group in a defined area that overrepresents the national demographic '' ? 
  it 's as it always has been : people will go whereever there are like-minded people . 
  there 's a reason the usa had de-facto segregated communities for quite some time after forming as a country . 
  people came off the boat and went straight to little italy , or chinatown , or germantown , or wherever they found people they could communicate with . 
   using your personal experience to impose a claim and then goes on to falsify the rest of my writing is what we call , an anecdotal fallacy . 
  true , i grant you . 
  but it 's happened enough on here that some guy will come along and try to tell me `` why do n't you go to kreuzberg to see how bad it is '' that it 's become a bit of a berserk button for me . 
  implying my favourite pasttime is n't talking to trolls on / r/europe . 
  but yeah , you do have a point . 
  ah , you 're just another xeno idiot with no capacity for rational thought . 
  two day old account , only other activity on some breitbart-article , i ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  next time when i say stupid shit , i 'll also just blame the people pointing it out . 
   sure we have ghettos now . 
  i 'm from kreuzberg and it 's not a ghetto . 
  apologies but that 's so ludicrously far from the truth , that i 'm not even gon na bother reading the rest of your wall of text . 
  dead people becoming refugees is fact now ? 
  hard not to call you an idiot if that 's your train of thought . 
  i did not know murdered people could become refugees . 
  dumb , dumber , you . 
  you mean when we successfully integrated 4 million displaced germans from eastern europe into a destroyed country ? 
  the only time i remember it being used is that computer game show zdf had on in the afternoon in about 95 . 
   british tourists that should answer your question . 
  i suppose personalized insults like moron are n't insulting persons now , eh ? 
   oh please , i wo n't give you the satisfaction of insulting you  `` morons like you ''  `` your idiotic tactics '' even for right-wing tards , this is a new low in constistent arguing . 
   you attacked someone as a racist who gave no indication of being one account three days old , uses it to complain about the `` worst mods '' he 's ever seen . 
  from this i can come to a logical conclusion and an educated guess . 
  see , this is called logical and rational thinking , by the way , something rarely understood by your ilk . 
   you just claim they are terrorists so , you would n't say they 're terrorists then ? 
  i prefer my `` ideological blindness '' instead of your ideological hatefulness , then . 
  in closing , every immigrant is worth more to germany and europe than you will ever be . 
   violently oppose do you know what violence means ? 
  i guess not . 
  in this country , the biggest violence-related problem that has anything to do with immigration is caused [ by right-wing terrorists ] ( http://www.berliner-zeitung.de/politik/-lohmeyer-sote-scheune,10808018,31466034.html ) for which you are appear to be an apologist . 
  good job . 
  i 'm not from the younger generation and i 've never used it , making me doubt somewhat that anyone calls it that . 
   the least useful moderators of any i 've encountered  redditor for three days wow , such judging skills . 
  not really , no . 
  which i never said anywhere and which also never was the issue until you came along and got your panties in a bunch . 
  here you go again with this assassination nonsense . 
  i 'll spell it out for you since subtlety has n't worked so far : that was n't me . 
  i actually said i do n't mind churchill . 
  learn to read before you comment . 
   you 've always had a dislike of the uk . 
  what i can see from you though is that every single post is about the uk . 
  yet here you are claiming you 're not a brit .
