  you 're either a liar or thoroughly confused . 
  or , what i suspect is the case , you 're a teenager who ca n't deal with his country getting criticized . 
  grow up . 
  oh , they get that paid for by their non-tax paying grandparents , i 'm sure . 
  let 's put a / s here just in case . 
  just like creative young spaniards , creative young greeks , creative young italians , creative young frenchies , creative young germans ( oh , the horror ) , etc. 
  at the rate we 're going here , we 're gon na need a special eu-fund for unemployed graphic designers . 
  if you would have taken the time to actually pay attention before commenting , you would have seen that i actually added a source on the basis of which i called him a prick and there was no hurr-durring involved . 
  alas , it is easy to write bullshit on here without ever actually reading what other people have to say . 
  it 's easy to comment polandball-style when talking to morons who take themselves and their opinion too serious . 
  and another butthurt brit . 
  cheerio , tut-tut , have fun on your fox hunt , old chap . 
  oh , i do n't mind him , actually . 
  but that does n't mean he was n't a prick . 
  looking at the downvotes here , it seems the brits here have gone full american in defense of their politicians . 
  if your view is n't clouded by patriotic fervour , it 's easy to see that churchill was , in fact , [ a prick . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/theguardian/2002/nov/28/features11.g21 ), 
  what better way to call out idiotic statements than by making a joke ? 
  also , you do know * our * subreddit 's rules , do you not ? 
   i 'd expect moderation to happen by consent , similar to how the uk police force works . 
   consent ah , so that 's what happened in rotherham . 
  oh , i absolutely agree with the megathreads . 
  lets me know which comment sections to avoid . 
  by definition , a complaint is a statement that you are unhappy with . 
  unhappiness is an emotion . 
  the way this sub is going , is that the 412,783 force their beliefs on the moderators . 
  we actually know this because just recently a guy was de-modded and another new mod un-modded because of user complaints . 
  it is a political subreddit by virtue of the topics discussed , but most definitely not by design . 
  you can complain all you want . 
  but in a system like this one here , change should not be affected by complaints - especially by emotional complaints , as discussions on immigration invariably fall back to . 
  comparing reddit moderation to a system of government is either incredibly stupid or willfully ignorant . 
   they have a duty to their subscribers . 
  what ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  soldiers have duties , reddit moderators definitely do n't . 
   which should be open for discussion amongst themselves , yes . 
  moderation is not a job . 
  it can feel like one from time to time , but it is n't . 
  people moderate in their free time and a lot of them get fed up with it because of threads like this the only rules moderators * have * to enforce are the general [ reddit rules ] ( https://www.reddit.com/rules ) . 
  nothing in them about discussion staying on topic or `` civilized '' . 
  you can agree or disagree with it all you want but moderators do n't have to abide by the opinions of the users that visit their subreddit . 
  wait ... 
  ve vould n't say it in englisch , you idiot . 
  better than the racist users . 
  yes , it 's not the people themselves who beat them up that made it happen , it is the system itself . 
  what absolute bullshit . 
  it 's almost as if there 's a difference between foreign aggression and running a clientelist state . 
   if you 're served with an edo [ ... ] you need permission from the police even to tweet . 
  it would be hilarious if it was n't so orwellian . 
  well , at least this guy 's dead . 
  yes , before the euro greece was a model country with no corruption and no clientelism and a balanced budget . 
  takes a lot of chuzpe to say that and accuse others of ignorance . 
  carry on then . 
  the greens had only one abstention . 
  i assume you mean the left . 
  everyone knows it was the germans that defeated the teutonic order . 
  it looks like he 's kissing his rabbit . 
  i was agreeing with you . 
  seriously . 
  with the influence from your superior culture , i surely will be . 
   i hate it for trying to dilute my culture . 
  ah , you 're one of those people who think their culture is super-important and ca n't be diluted by the filthy foreigners . 
  well , that explains it then . 
   someone who lived all his life in violence , grew up learning women belong to men and gays must be stoned and infidels must be beheaded will never fully integrate here wow , it 's getting even worse . 
  they 're all the same those raggedy towelheads , eh ? 
  the schengen agreement has been part of of eu law since 1999 . 
  the only reason i can walk across the border to poland , to the czech republic , heck , even to austria , is because of that . 
  intercultural european integration is a thing , you know . 
  and that is not because the cold war ended , that is because the ec became the eu in the early 90s . 
  open borders were agreed beforehand between france , benelux & germany , and afterwards became a requirement for countries joining the eu . 
  the newest members ( bulgaria , etc. ), 
  are oblibgated to join schengen . 
  never even mind schengen , there is also the erasmus programme , which i wish would have been around when i was young enough for it , and which is likely doing more for european integration than fifty eu summits ever could . 
  open borders were a direct result of the end of the cold war ; and the eu had a lot to do with that . 
  might be hard to see from a non-schengen country like yours . 
   no other country in europe had a similar situation oh , yeah borders were so easy to cross out of and into poland , czechoslovakia , hungary , and a whole slew of other countries . 
  adoption of the euro and stronger european ties was one of the criteria set by the allies for german reunification . 
   i do n't think immigrants are bad because they are not white , or any other color . 
  i think they are bad because they are uneducated and because their culture treats women as second class citizens and homosexuals like criminals . 
  til homophobia and sexism is endemic to any non-european region where immigrants could possibly come from . 
  here you are making sweeping generalizations on some other group of people purely based on the fact that they 're different from you in the middle of a wall of text concercing the definition of the word `` bigotry '' . 
  even i , with english not my first language , can see the irony . 
  find me an article of an attack in greece on germans then . 
  guess what , they are n't any . 
  flabbergasting , really , how you want a fair comparison when all you got to support your argument is your own opinion of how people thousands of kilometres away from you might act . 
  you are a racist bigot because you think human cultures are incompatible with each other because they hold different opinions from you . 
  i 'm sorry , dude , but this very clearly is bigotry . 
  look it up , sometime , that 's the definition of bigotry . 
  i 'd rather get more uneducated immigrants if i could send `` educated '' shitheads like you back in return . 
  i can still safely go on holiday in greece without getting beaten up . 
  i 've been there over twenty times already and i 'm sure i 'll go again in the future . 
  being nice and speaking a couple of words of their language goes a long a way . 
   saying `` if we do n't act now the project will fail '' is funny to me because the only thing i can think of is `` good '' . 
  to me , that just means you 're too young to remember how it was before , when the continent was split in two and it was practically impossible to go from east to west and vice versa . 
   only for decent and deserving people . 
  who gets to decide that then ? 
  bigots like you who have to make a new account to post their racism ? 
  true fucking europeans you guys are . 
   paragraph of nationalistic bullshit guess i hit a nerve . 
  ah , british solidarity rears its head again .
