  whereas saying one is better than the other is not absolutist at all , obviously . 
  what an enormous pile of bullshit . 
  remember the nsu ? 
  we 're way past the first signs of the minutemen . 
  we most certainly can not agree that any culture is objectively `` better '' than any other . 
  geodefault played a part , i 'm sure . 
  if the reception they receive is one of bigotry and prejudice as you are displaying i ca n't say i 'm surprised at the reaction . 
  should have voted yes . 
  i 'm not sure what flushing the toilet has to do with anything . 
  dude said :  they steal , rape , destroy public and private property and are generally incapable of understanding our modern way of life , just have a look at these statistics refering to illegal immigrants . 
  they might not be a race but it 's most definitely attributing characteristics , abilities or qualities specific to them to distinguish them as inferior . 
   are generally incapable of understanding our modern way of life not sure what your point is . 
  that * is * actually racism . 
  it 's not the first civic duty , that 's all i said . 
  sure . 
  when it 's policies and state strategies . 
  criticizing groups of people is not . 
   just ` criticizing ' immigrants etc. 
  but not directly calling for violence . 
  aka , the / r/europe-right-wing - strategy . 
  found the anglo-saxon !, 
  off to the oubliette with you . 
  so you do n't buy this theory that 's been bandied about recently that he 's been made finance minister with the purpose of firing him as a scapegoat a couple of months later ? 
  i recommend reading your comment history . 
  alas , i doubt the self-reflexion is there . 
  unfortunately the only dawn these people have is the golden one . 
  dude always posts racist bullshit . 
  one of the worst on here . 
  you 're such a piece of shit , man . 
   his main point that the current influx of migrants is currently europe 's biggest threat is no less valid . 
  if that 's what you think his main point is , then you have n't read the article either . 
  economics is a science with hard facts now ? 
  another couple of generations will have to die before tv 's gone . 
   without a real reason lol . 
   they 'd had enough of [ ... ] his failure to make good on his pledges . 
  from [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-04-26/the-rumble-in-riga-how-the-eu-lost-patience-with-varoufakis ) i did enjoy the joke , though . 
  as long as we stay in , austria is n't leaving either . 
  look at the username and the flair . 
  hard to take serious even without it being six months old . 
  this post is a lesson in how to take an absolutely stupid wall of text and cap it off with batshit insanity . 
  hats off . 
  certainly true for half the country . 
  have you looked at a map in the last 25 years ? 
  woops , i read `` after '' . 
  oh , well , that makes that guy 's post totally worthless then . 
   redditor for five years . 
  unfortunately , i think this guy is dead serious . 
   name one kielce . 
  you 're right though . 
  the rest is absolute nonsense . 
   did your mother ever drop you on the head ? 
  nah , i did n't turn out right-wing . 
  original commenter said we should take more refugees . 
  we already do , that 's all i said . 
  now you come here and call me a retard , likely running out of actionally rational and reasonable things to say . 
  considering most of the stuff you post is mind-bogglingly right-wing drivel , i ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  you know , yesterday some ukippers used `` anti-fascist '' as an insult to me , and today it 's `` retard '' . 
  typical right-wingers . 
  where being different or having a different opinion is an insult . 
  well , here 's an insult for you then : i bet if you were alive in the 40 's , you would have made prime collaborator material . 
  you mean by a measure you arbitrarily choose to be relevant to fit your narrative . 
  30 natives more per immigrant is such a huge number , eh . 
  norway and sweden are also two countries that are bigger than germany but have less people , skewing your points quite a bit . 
  and serbia is not in the eu . 
  sorry , but you 're really just grasping at straws because you do n't like immigrants . 
  [ most refugees in the eu by far . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_refugee_population ) but , hey , never let the truth get in the way of your xeno agenda . 
  another racist . 
  hello and welcome . 
   why does n't germany get the same criticism for using the eu to create the fourth reich ? 
  we do n't ? 
  are you new here or something ? 
  also , if what you say were actually true , you would n't write butthurt walls of text about it . 
   the same ca n't be said for the effective slums that many eastern europeans have congregated in in some cities . 
  eastern european immigration has been a success over here , though . 
  not really sure what you did wrong on that front . 
   you 're the sort of person who believes british policy and attitudes are driven by the longing for lost empire , then i suspect nothing i say will convince you of how absurd that comment is . 
  i just believe this is how he gets his votes . 
   it is designed to antagonise people . 
  please refrain from doing it . 
  i really do n't see why . 
  you of all people are so blind to ukip 's rhetoric that a reality check ca n't hurt - or at least a different perception of the given realities . 
   racist bullshit  reasonable ah , what a time to be alive . 
  yes , india is so totally culturally similar to great britain , much more so than any country on the european continent . 
  what extraordinary bullshit . 
  he 's evoking your ruined empire and that 's why you fall for it . 
  edit : thanks for the gold . 
  hopefully you paid in pounds . 
  and basing your immigration policy on twentyfive-year old history is not ignorant in the slightest , eh . 
  racists , the lot of them . 
  greece is the genius in all of this then . 
   all in all , it is evident that the situation is disconcerting and something is wrong but it 's not entirely obvious what exactly and why exactly things happened as they did . 
  ah , politics in a nutshell . 
  anyhow , thanks for the explanation . 
   how so ? 
  both historical revisionism and religious satire are types of political speech . 
  my prejudice , so to speak , is that neither should be prohibited . 
  that 's absolute idiocy . 
  if you deny the existence of mohammed by making fun of him , you deny that one person is godlike .
