  but that push for more accommodation came at a cost . 
  the original design obviously included specifications for an elevator big enough for a 20-storey building . 
  in the process of scaling things up , however , nobody thought to redesign the elevator system -- and , naturally , a 47-storey building requires more space for its lifts and motor equipment . 
  sadly , that space does n't exist . 
  perhaps unsurprisingly , the architects working on the project have resigned , and it remains unclear exactly how the developers will solve the problem . 
  can we recommend the stairs ? 
  `` this video is not available in germany . '', 
  how i am supposed to sleep tonight ? 
  thanks , sweden . 
  i was in oz as well back then and i thought it was an opportunistic move accompanied by a not-very heart-felt speech . 
  but at least my ozzies-friends seemed happy . 
  i would not doubt this . 
  i see you posting everywhere . 
   schnitzelpolizei i 'm in tears . 
  how have i never heard this before . 
  yay !, 
  eu big !, 
  you could join us . 
  we 're movers . 
  seriously , read the article . 
  it 's not like that at all . 
  it describes problems in germany , not in romania . 
  good on you , latvia !, 
  welcome . 
   same but cheaper !, 
  note to self : visit portugal . 
  it would be so cool if there was a bot like that . 
  only for threads with over a 100 comments of course but man . 
  upvote every time . 
  some other finnish city then ... uh ... rovaniemi ? 
  edit : should have scrolled further down ... 
  what a fool he has become . 
  look : it 's a tiny orange ant . 
  so cute . 
  you 're now tagged as hinterw\u00e4ldler . 
  oh my god this is hilariously bad !, 
  so happy it made it to the final . 
  deserves to be seen by more people . 
  snopes says this is wrong : http://www.snopes.com/politics/religion/demographics.asp, 
  you could just learn german . 
  i guess i could say france , but , really , we fight all our neighbours indiscriminately from time to time . 
  knowing romania , the sea is probably winning , eh . 
  whereas amsterdam is much , much worse than its reputation . 
  * northern territorah, 
  yes . 
  edit : just got [ this delightful pm ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s1tlmbh.png ) from op . 
  why is it always americans who do this , i wonder . 
  when in fact they 're much better than the beatles . 
  woohoo , it 's not nazi related !, 
   romanian  fighting off invading germans honestly , what imbecile would give shit like this gold ? 
  it 's actually not so different here . 
  this subreddit has just collected all the people stuck in the thirties . 
  well , obviously , innit ? 
  i 'm the sane person in this ocean of nazis . 
  got ta say , best reply i got on this sub all day . 
  i wish i could be so stupid , that `` i did '' is a convincing argument . 
  sorry , trucidator , but whatevs . 
  have a good one , mate , i do n't think i 'll continue posting here . 
  if you nazi cunts dont like me , ive done a lot right . 
  been there , done that , bought the t-shirt . 
  lem me blow your mind , then : when i was 14 , there was no word like `` ownage '' , there was no runescape , there was n't even internet . 
  i 'd hardly call the imaginations of others opinions . 
  guess you do , when they fit your agenda . 
  they use words like ownage for usernames , do n't they ? 
  he wrote a quite long comment to disprove an idiotic view and i did n't but just snarked instead ? 
  how is that beautiful ? 
  having a different opinion = trolling ? 
  okay , then . 
  you easily reveal yourself once again as the intolerant fascist you are . 
  i do n't know why i bother . 
  it 's getting more and more disheartening . 
  he gets upvoted for it , i get downvoted . 
  bravo , i suppose . 
  the makings of a fruitful discussion . 
  now you 've shown me . 
  if we 're picking the `` best '' ones to live with us and the others to rot there , it sounds very eerily like that . 
  i suppose you ca n't even acknowledge the fascism in this view . 
  yes , `` i did '' is a totally convincing argument . 
  my god , i have to bow out when things get so well thought-out . 
  guess what , i also talk to them a fair bit and my impression is if not diametrically opposed , then at least very different . 
  of course , if i say it , it simply ca n't be true because it does n't fit into your superior worldview , does it ? 
  dude was n't even the guy i originally replied to . 
  if your attention span was a bit bigger , you might even have noticed that . 
   picking people at camps that reminds of me of something but i ca n't quite put my finger on it ... 
  i 'm sure you 've seen all the clashes between germans and turks on tv , have n't you ? 
  oh , you have n't ? 
  well , i never . 
  but yeah , it 's perfectly peaceful . 
  thanks for the wall of text . 
  i do n't want to be too criticial . 
  but it 's hard not to notice that the userbase on here has shifted extremely . 
  a lot of the `` good '' posters ( as in actually interesting thought-out comments ) have left or are only in specific threads while there is a whole lot of one-liners like `` bitch-slap european values into people '' . 
  i 'm sorry but i somewhat doubt the usefullness of a graph that puts poland in southeast-asia . 
  i thought i had seen a mod post somewhere here that you only issue one-month-bans and not permabans at the moment . 
  yes , i also do not want an islamic party . 
  on the other hand , our chancellor is from a party with `` christian '' in the name . 
  interestingly , most muslims in germany [ vote spd . 
  nur so als alternative . 
  considering the vast majority of them are fleeing from a war caused by the same religious extremism we are discussing here , i somewhat doubt that they are still `` indoctrinated '' to such a high degree . 
  oh , why even bother ?
