  '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/womens-politics/10830063/ukips-sanya-jeet-thandi-quits-why-it-doesnt-always-end-well-for-young-activists.html ) former ukip youth wing leader sanya-jeet nandi i would think you 'd know the party you vote for but it appears your brand of ignorance goes even further than theirs . 
  just because there 's a party even further on the right does n't mean afd is n't far right as well . 
  someone 's in denial . 
  and the pope ai n't catholic either , eh ? 
  delusional . 
  pretty much everything you write , really . 
  at least you 're polite , though . 
  this might be the first time i 've agreed with anything you wrote . 
  redditor for two days , every comment about the immigrant `` threat '' . 
  what racist scum . 
  nice try but i wo n't read your post in return . 
  the australian system consists of putting the refugees in detention centres in the surrounding islands . 
  they have n't stopped coming , they just ca n't reach australia anymore . 
  yeah , letting people die who want to come here clearly does show our social progression and our totally different values . 
  yeah , why not ? 
  if you go watch pictures of italians emigrating to the us , you also see that they 're on huge ocean liners and not dinky fishing boats . 
  this comparison does n't make a lick of sense . 
  it 's also - competely coincidentally i 'm sure - the group that is the likeliest to survive a harrowing trip spanning an ocean and a continent . 
  i really do n't understand how people like you can be so cynical about others who have sold all their livelihood to escape the horrid conditions their lives are in , compared to us who are wealthy enough that we can sit in front of our computers idly talking about their problems without ever having to worry about the most basic human needs like food and shelter . 
   let 's just kill people . 
  ftfy, 
  yeah , the italian coast guard should just let them drown , right ? 
  nonsense . 
  the prospect of moving to europe ( or the western world in general ) already gives hope to millions of poor people in africa and elsewhere . 
  you think the poorest of poor follow the news ? 
  those are the ones that come after all . 
  sweden will also make a fine matriarchal society where everyone is gay by law , wo n't it ? 
  reminds of aussie-born josip simunic who got banned from the world cup for shouting that ustase-slogan . 
  i daresay , it worked , 
  but your first post was an insult already ? 
  by this `` logic '' , your argument was indefensible from the start . 
  ca n't really disagree with that actually , appearances are deceiving . 
  would you believe me if i said i 'm just having a bit of pre-weekend fun ? 
  woah , i really am talking to a racist 14-year-old . 
  oh , what a sight to see . 
  modern europe , fuck yeah . 
  i 'm grouping you with racists and you do not disagree . 
   mong honestly , am i talking to a 14-year-old ? 
  lol . 
  i 'd rather appeal to emotion than be a racist shit like you . 
   people who deliberatly scuttle their own ship . 
   rape desert this is how you talk about africa and africans . 
  sorry , dude , scum like you do not deserve rational responses . 
  dude , i 'm from kreuzberg and went to school there . 
  your `` schei\u00df-kartoffel '' - propaganda shit does n't work on me . 
  sorry that you have degenerated so much . 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  sadly , such a system could only work reddit-wide . 
  and even then , there 's nothing you can do about outside influence that does n't originate on reddit . 
  it appears i hit a nerve . 
   won the debate jesus christ . 
  this is about millions of people dying and all you care about is winning some debate on the internet . 
  you make me sick . 
  i am from berlin , a city that incidentally has 8 % muslim population already . 
  and , guess what , no sharia police , no mass rape , no suicide attacks , no rabid preachers walking through the streets . 
   please refute me please explain why i should dignify your views with a more elaborate response . 
  alright , lem me give it a shot at your first sentence :  the spanish civil war and ww2 were two wars , that ended , refugees went home , and then europe entered an era of unprecedented peace . 
  `` refugees went home '' after ww2 ? 
  you mean home to the country that had to be created for them ? 
  you mean home to the country where their ancestors were from ? 
  you mean home like gulags and work camps ? 
  sorry , dude , but when the preface of your argument is so inherently wrong , i see no point in further giving your statements value . 
  around 6 % of europeans are muslims , [ projected to be 8 % by 2030 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_europe#cite_note-pewforum2011-22 ) . 
  with those huge numbers , it 's easy to see how they influence the other 92 % in making intergration much harder . 
  what a steaming pile of bullshit . 
   europe did not leave africa worse off figures that someone from the country that had the biggest colonial empire there would say that . 
  guess again . 
   that prejudice about me and my people is not true but this prejudice about those other people absolutely is . 
  ftfy, 
  what exactly do three raping roma have to do with the article about switzerland ? 
  that 's right , absolutely nothing . 
  same here . 
  unfortunately , i do n't think it can really be done on the necessary large scale . 
  it 's an article from the los angeles times who i guess have to fill their online site somehow . 
  yeah , it 's basically non-news . 
  good idea . 
  knowing french hygiene standards , we 're gon na need lots of broomsticks . 
  hear that boys ? 
  no anglo intervention this time !, 
  last one to paris has to spend the night with marine le pen . 
  to build that thing in the first place was an extremely terrible idea . 
   obvious truths and what would that be ? 
  just the usual prejudiced racist shit you post ? 
  it 's always racism hour on here . 
  what are you even arguing here ? 
  none of this justifies destroying boats full of people . 
  cause that 's what the deleted comment said . 
  dude , im sorry but thats exactly what the deleted comment said . 
  why dont you enlighten me with what you actually said then ? 
  i always wanted to see horrible punctuation and social darwinism in the same post . 
  they go so well together . 
  so , a european force of some sort should go to libya , wrest control of the ports from whoever is in charge there , destroy every boat they can find and then go and find a magical place of safety somewhere in the region . 
  my goodness , what a great plan . 
  i wonder why nobody has thought of that before . 
  i 'm sorry that your morals and ethics have degenerated so much that you want to kill literal boatloads of innocent people just to set an example . 
  `` patriots '' that 's a generous term . 
  yeah , let 's just kill them all . 
  what a great idea . 
  / s i wonder if you realize that you sound just like them . 
  since you dont explain it yourself , there 's not much to get apart from learning your opinion can be influenced by foreign-language tabloids .
