  it was finished building five years ago . 
  somewhat hard to cancel it now . 
   how does germany get away with building a pipeline to russia which sole purpose was to bypass ukraine and yet greece is supposed to cancel all economic deals with russia ? 
  simple . 
  the pipeline deal - while i 'm no fan of it - was made in the mid-2000 's , a long time before the crisis , before russia invaded crimea and an even longer time before european sanctions on russia . 
  the world changes from to time , you know . 
  it 's amazing how people ca n't see the difference between eu-wide sanctions and dealings on a national level . 
  unlike what the media tells you all the time , what with our broomsticks and stuff , germany actually is among the top ten of [ military expenditure ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) . 
  they surely ca n't be that incompetent . 
  uhm , what ? 
  i 'm not the guy you actually responded to . 
  guess that shows me how much you actually read and pay attention . 
  why not link that at first then ? 
  dude was just trying to one-up the other guy by linking the first thing he found without actually reading it . 
   got ta love reddit . 
  yeah i do . 
  i just love people linking absolutely meaningless blogs . 
  the word `` reform '' appears approx . 
  twenty times without actually mentioning what these reforms were and what they entailed . 
  it 's just used a buzzword . 
  how any sensible conclusion can be drawn from this at all is mystifying . 
  well you insist in comparing the current situation to him in an attempt at obscene , dirty propaganda so i will continue calling you out . 
  you 're a sucker for godwin 's law , are n't you ? 
  yeah , with my counting skills presented here , i seem highly qualified to be sent to greece as the next troika 's envoy . 
  it 's the incessant emotionalizing of everything about the crisis you do that gets to me for some reason . 
  how can there be a discussion when it 's just `` poor greece destroyed by the eu villains '' every single post . 
  it 's unnecessary and it 's not conducive to any sort of discussion . 
  it 's three sentences . 
  learn to count . 
   bullying a government for disagreeing with your policy of choice is unreasonable in my opinion . 
  you mean like greece is doing to the eu by negotiating with russia , eh ? 
   the fact that the cuts destroy the greek economy is indisputable successive greek governments have done this without the eurozone 's help . 
  and appear to be continuing to do so . 
   i used an argumentum ad absurdum to show the implication of that . 
  but of course you did . 
   analysis right . 
  of course , it was an `` analysis '' . 
  no , you put it much more succinctly than i ever could . 
   it 's entirely reasonable if you 're putin or a bond villain i suppose  making cuts that destroy the greek economy  `` we need more cash grabbing measures and we want the greek government a bit more humiliated '' good to see you pay so much attention to reading what you write . 
  edit : no , you 're downvoted because every argument of yours is emotionalizing drivel , far removed from any discussion about facts even if you claim that to be the case here at which i really can only laugh . 
  also , it makes you look very pathetic when you claim to be a victim of strawmen when all you do is [ appeal to emotion . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeal_to_emotion ), 
  ah yes , of course . 
  the reform list fails to impress because the rest of the eurozone is made up of a villains who want to completely destroy greece and its economy . 
  quality rationalization once again , naurgul . 
  am impressed . 
  good old yahoo . 
  putting the moron in oxymoron . 
  good to see medieval attitudes are still alive and well even in europe . 
  where are all the poles supporting you then ? 
  or the czechs ? 
  or the balts ? 
  since i have to explain myself to the slower people : i do n't have to look very far to see all `` the good '' socialism brought us . 
  * looks out window in berlin * where is this failure you speak of ? 
  considering the only wiki article on it is in english ( at least for me in mobile ) , i somewhat doubt the principle is as widespread . 
  the more serious german press only has his initials , bild reveals the full name . 
  considering the guardian has his full name as well , it appears there is a cultural value difference here . 
  maybe he does n't - and even that i find debatable - but his family surely does . 
  free press has about as much to do with releasing his name as some vague concept of justice does . 
  you 're just throwing around buzzwords without meaning . 
  as you usually do . 
  i guess privacy is not a good enough reason for you . 
  have fun in your panopticon . 
  and this has to be known to the public at the beginning of the investigation why ? 
  there 's a reason police usually only release information like this when they are stumped . 
  at u-bahn beatings here in berlin , camera footage is only released if the perpetrator ca n't be apprehended otherwise for example . 
  in this case , they ( and everybody else now ) already have all this information . 
  there is absolutely no reason to release his name at all , only a gross misconception on your part what justice actually is . 
  exactly why would his name be relevant ? 
  so you do n't read your own comments then ? 
   my side is right , the other is wrong . 
  enlightened commentary on / r/europe once again . 
  with an opinion like this you reveal yourself just as bigoted and dogmatic as the islamists . 
  good job . 
   57 % upvoted highly unlikely it makes it to the top unfortunately . 
  article about french nazi bitch . 
  top comment denouncing muslim immigration apropos of nothing . 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  clever , austria , very clever . 
  godwin 's law already in the title ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  does n't matter , am laughing . 
  unlike you who went ad hominem in your first comment . 
  berlin 's full of small burger places . 
  come on guys , he 's clearly joking . 
  i 'm sure they can write an essay for social studies about it when they 're back home . 
  blockupy `` demonstration '' against the new ecb headquarters building . 
  that was their point though , to inspire a change of mind in germany towards greece . 
   hamburg/athens - ludwig zaccaro and nina lange did n't want to wait any longer . 
  while german politicians quarrel over possible reperations for greece , the two germans traveled to the greek city nafpolio to meet mayor dimitris kostouros . 
  zaccaro and lange paid the sum that they think they owe greece because of forced nazi loans : 875 euro . 
   `` we think : germany pay its dues to greece first '' , lange said in a press conference that was published on youtube [ can be found in the article ] . 
  on the table in front of her is a piece of paper where they have written : `` solidarity for greece '' . 
   `` we told ourselves : as a symbolic act , to maybe initiate a change of mind , we start a per capita payment to greece '' , lange said . 
  that is why they asked the mayor where to give the money to and to inform the media . 
  `` this should be an example to others germany for them to change their mind . '', 
   mayor kostourus told them to give the money to a charitable organization that supports the poor in the city and supplies free food . 
   `` we love greece and its way of life '' , lange explained . 
  `` we like the hospitality , the friendliness , the openness and the patience of greeks '' , the german elaborated . 
  `` our media and our politicians pretend only greece owes something to europe and germany .
