switzerland . 
  well , he 's been a suspect for quite some time . 
  goddammit , who put the welshman in charge ? 
  as an actual berliner , kick the unwanted roommate out and report , please . 
  good . 
  i came here to complain about the serbs . 
  so , join the eu while you still can and revel in her glory . 
  dammit , i came here to make a compsognathi-joke . 
  but yeah , rip , great actor and director . 
  do n't worry . 
  they can only be build in newly conquered territory . 
  concentration camps replacing inquisitors !, 
  loss of population included . 
  well , it should . 
  was makes you zingk zat ? 
  fuck off , they 're full . 
  you realize you could delete this and just post the other one ? 
  it 's a better article , anyhow . 
  quality journalism from russia today once more : article about attacked german synagogue , picture showing protesters with signs in french . 
  maybe . 
  in poland it 's an autobahn , though . 
  the hitler poster is a joke because it also has the slogan `` ja ! '', 
  it is not a particularly good joke but well , it 's vice . 
  wot . 
  what does it mean then ? 
   i hate the black man in the white house . 
  i love gaza 's murdered children . 
  his b **** wife should take the video of ( nigeria 's ) kidnapped girls . 
  does it come with the ground they live on ? 
  healthcare ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ pls, 
  i daresay that is because - unlike some other europoors - we have the money to pay for them . 
  i. . . what ... 
  i think i 'll just quietly go away now . 
  my head hurts . 
  dude ... this whole idea of anyone having rights to a country ( or to a region ) beyond mere ~ ~ propriety ~ ~ property is just the dumbest fucking bullshit . 
  they were there . 
  then they left . 
  then they came back . 
  the same argument you made just with one step more and still just as stupid . 
   the jews lost the right to a country when the diaspora began . 
  where 's that written ? 
  where do you even come up with an absolutely atrocious argument like this ? 
  how would someone go about acquiring the `` rights '' to a country ? 
  of course . 
  this is germany . 
  we have documents . 
  bollocks . 
  there were lots of thoroughly germanized jews in germany before the holocaust . 
  i wish those hipsters would discover hohensch\u00f6nhausen ... 
  hallowed be her name . 
  pffff . 
  we 're the only city hip enough to build a ruin . 
  as a berliner : all of them . 
   i 'd rather have elected nazis than any dictator yeah , about that ... 
  they 've had inter-party fights about this and last year kicked out their former party leader for comparing muslims with pigs so they might be getting better . 
  the german tierschutzpartei is a right-wing cesspool unfortunately . 
  they 've been slacking on everything . 
  i have n't voted for them since schr\u00f6der . 
  if he had spoken like this when he was running for chancellor , he might have gotten a couple more votes . 
  do you have austrians in your family history ? 
  i was looking for an explanation . 
  guess i 'm not even getting that . 
  we have two smaller airports ( and we had a third one until not so very long ago ) , perfectly capable of servicing international businessmen . 
  such a great attitude when nobody cares about the people actually living here ... to be less sarcastic , leipzig has built its stupid mitteldeutschland-flughafen and six years after opening , it 's still running on losses . 
  i fail to see why we needed another huge airport just a two hours train ride away from that one . 
  now we have one airport in leipzig that 's not making any money and another complete disaster of an airport that 's not even open . 
  no , we do n't . 
  people can land in leipzig for all i care . 
  unless of course getting educated gave you the means to remove the cactus . 
  what in the world ? 
  it 's florida , man !, 
  are you implying you were n't on our side to begin with ? 
  oh , snap , the germans run things !, 
  we ca n't have those guys run things !, 
  let 's write articles about it !, 
  you might be greek but you 're certainly not neutral . 
  show me this magical germany country of the 1700 's that you made up out of thin air . 
  sure . 
  we 'll name you nordrhein-westfriesland . 
  germanism :d . 
  yep . 
  pretty good show . 
  great borgen episode . 
  yeah , sorry , also not very good at it . 
  in any case , the flaws of the article are dwarved by its good points , i would say . 
  at the very least , though , it is a very good introduction for others into the german soul and problems facing us ; especially when it comes to walking the fine line between `` leadership '' and `` f\u00fchrerschaft '' , as the article points out . 
  mostly small points inconsequential to his conclusion . 
  i quite like pacifist germany , for example ( as do most other germans ) . 
  all in all , though , this is one of the best articles on this subject i have read so far . 
  i do n't agree with everything here but a very interesting read nonetheless . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  same here . 
  greedy bastards . 
  here 's the article for the lazy : the intempo skyscraper in benidorm , spain -- standing proud in this image -- was designed to be a striking symbol of hope and prosperity , to signal to the rest of the world that the city was escaping the financial crisis . 
  sadly , the builders forgot to include a working elevator . 
  in fairness , the entire construction process has been plagued with problems , reports ecnonomia . 
  initially funded by a bank called caixa galicia , the finances were recently taken over by sareb -- spain 's so-called `` bad bank '' -- when the mortgage was massively written down . 
  in part , that was a function of the greed surrounding the project . 
  initially designed to be a mere 20 storeys tall , the developers got over-excited and pushed the height way up : now it boasts 47 storeys , and will include 269 homes .
