  you divide europe , and we love europe . 
  i hope that you return to reason and finally submit a proposal . 
  source : [ this youtube video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzxikbprexs ), 
  no i do n't , which is why i just went off the video . 
  i also like to think i can do a better job than google translate :p . 
   i 'm not talking about economical politics today , and i 'm not talking about numbers , but i want to talk about european principles . 
  let us talk about decency , about being partners , about how to deal with friends . 
   mr tsipras , you represent a government that has said the following over the last couple of weeks : your defence minister has threatened the eu that he would send `` waves of immigrants '' to the rest of europe if europe does n't pay . 
  your finance minister , who has resigned by now , has called his european partners , the people in portugal , spain and belgium , `` terrorists '' because `` we are fearmongering '' . 
  my dear colleagues , i would have expected the greek pm to come here today and apologize for these absolutely inacceptable statements but unfortunately he has done nothing of the sort . 
   let us talk about reliability and trust , also part of the culture of europe . 
  in february 2015 , during your first european summit mr tsipras , you pledged that greece would propose a reform program . 
  until today , no concrete greek proposals have been made that could even be considered a base for negotiations . 
  yesterday , everyone sat together without even having a foundation for discussions . 
   you destroy trust in europe . 
  the rest of europe has no trust in you . 
   mr pm , you talk a lot about dignity , a keyword of your inner-greek politics . 
  do you know what is part of dignity ? 
  * truth * is part of dignity , * honesty * is as well . 
  your government has told the greek citizens the banks would close because the evil ecb is applying pressure . 
  and varoufakis , your resigned minister , has said the banks would be open on tuesday . 
  today is wednesday and the banks are still not open . 
   mr tsipras , you are not telling the truth to your people and that is politics without dignity . 
  those were the first two and a half minutes of his speech , ghetto-translated by me . 
  you want more ? 
   do n't try finding reasons to bitch even when people are praising your culture . 
  all the problems in your line of thinking summed up in one sentence . 
  praise or hatred because of something superficial like this is completely meaningless and only debases yourself . 
   actually it 's germany 's success when in doubt , blame germany . 
  such a shame a lot of people 's thoughts are governed by xenophobia . 
  what 's wrong with europe is people like you who put all the blame with a specific group of other people purely based on your own and their nationality . 
  congratulations , with this train of thought you 're in medieval times already . 
  you should have , probably , 
  this should end well . 
  ah yeah , the old fourth reich routine . 
  bravo , i suppose , you know a stereotype or two . 
   in what way am i igorant in every way . 
  i 'm sorry but saying a political and societal system is a failure because it does n't work for everyone is akin to saying every political and societal system is a failure . 
  no matter the system , not everyone will be happy with it . 
  all you 're doing in every single post is of yours is break the topic at hand down to where it fits your pre-conceived notions . 
  that is ignorance . 
  it was meant to work for a whole bunch of different people and it still does for the vast majority of european citizens from eurozone countries . 
  you 're either ignorant or fear-mongering ( and judging by past conversations with you , you 're both ) . 
  i 'll call it a failure when i can change my euros to marks . 
   british eusceptics , including farage , who for years have been saying that the euro was going to fail and cause division in europe have been proved correct . 
  the euro has failed , hm ? 
  ah , to live in a fantasy world . 
  says the guy who eats up farage ' and ukip 's bullshit about eastern europeans . 
  good old trucidator , / r/europe 's biggest populist . 
  i have to say , it 's been fun to see your posts slide down to trucidator levels of nonsense over the last couple of days . 
  let 's be honest , it 'd be a cactus of wealth . 
  all i want in life is see british people burn . 
  and greeks . 
  and poles . 
  and dutchies . 
  not jews , though . 
  we 'll give them some weapons so they can do the same with their neighbours and then we 'll rule the world together . 
   meanwhile , supporters of the no-voters in greece hung a banner outside the greek embassy in berlin on sunday evening bearing the words `` the beginning of the end of capitalism '' . 
  it appears they did n't understand the referendum either . 
  there is another article with the same thing already on the frontpage of the sub with close to 300 comments . 
  but okay , guess you 're just here to flaunt your prejudice . 
   scare the eu this might be a stupid thing to say so do n't quote me on it but : it might just work . 
  i 'm not as pessimistic as others when it comes to this . 
  did he take it back or did he never say it at all ? 
  kinda hard to keep track of it all at work . 
  theyre autonomous but not independent . 
  holy shit . 
  good . 
  correctly identified ? 
  the guardian ? 
  anti syriza ? 
  i just made a reference to your username . 
  stereotypes are a hell of a drug . 
  go cry to robbie . 
  i got ta say , that 's a great post . 
  good that you linked it here or i would have never found it . 
  [ she has options . 
  you 're mixing him up with lafontaine who was stabbed by a stalker . 
  well , tsipras was a student union leader for the longest time , was n't he . 
  the greek has a point . 
  exactly . 
  only third grand coalition in history . 
  there was one in the late 60s that did n't last long , then merkel 's first term , and now her third . 
  no , the cdu governs in coalition with the spd at the moment . 
  there has never been a single-party government in germany apart from two transitory periods in the 60s , and currently the two biggest german parties are governing together . 
  edit : `` never '' obviously refers to the modern federal republic . 
  he is leader of the spd , minister for economic affairs , and vice chancellor . 
   the austerity program has been a complete failure this sentence is in every third comment of yours . 
  * that * is a circlejerk . 
  obviously it 's a family of heroes . 
   it 's obvious he is right from the beginning i want your drugs . 
  bigger . 
  in favour . 
   whereas germany exercises power over their allies by throwing rule books at them and expecting that they mimic the german way . 
  hey , it works with austria !, 
   none of their business i see some people still live in magic lala land where reality doesnt apply . 
  tsipras had all the chances . 
  and he blew it all away to save face . 
  next step golden dawn .
