  if you deny the holocaust , you deny that millions of people were killed . 
  equating them is willfully stupid at best , and crypto-fascist at worst . 
  a bit late on this thread but nonetheless : why did the prosecution go for such a `` huge '' charge if it 's very unlikely that 'll get a positive outcome ? 
  the cynic in me finds that disconcerting . 
  it 's obviously a response to * that * lovely thread from two days ago . 
  and the content is wrong . 
  aus government does n't report boat incidents , op is making shit up to support his anti immigration agenda and you agree with it because you have massive confirmation bias . 
  nothing right wing extremism about a two hour old account getting up voted so suspiciously much by posting a statistic that can not be proven one way or another since the government do n't report boat interceptions either , eh ? 
  this submission is editorialised drivel to set up your blatant xenophobic agenda . 
  in all honesty , / u/slyratchet or any other mod , but how is obvious racist clickbait like this allowed to stay up ? 
  to equate any region with a modern day state looks a little ridiculous when it happened 2000 years ago . 
  we 'd be unbeatable . 
  let 's do it . 
  yeah , they should go to germany as well . 
  if he fell asleep 20 pages in he never got to that part , i imagine . 
  we have too many bordering countries . 
  let 's see : denmark : we do n't need crypto-swedes . 
  out . 
  netherlands : they speak sort-of-german and are not that different . 
  but i do n't want to give up the football rivalry . 
  out . 
  belgium : meh , who cares . 
  out . 
  luxembourg : no matter what they say , letzeburgisch is just another german dialect so it 'd be easy . 
  still , who cares . 
  out . 
  switzerland : boring . 
  out . 
  austria : they speak german at least . 
  but i do n't want hc stache in german politics . 
  out . 
  czech republic : prague would be nice , i guess . 
  the rest , not so much . 
  out . 
  poland : we really do n't need a border to russia . 
  out . 
  so , that leaves one . 
  france . 
  #charlemagnesheirs 2015, 
  he is talking about agenda 2010 which was implemented in 2003 . 
  so , this is the fourth consecutive greek government to do absolutely nothing apart from making empty promises and blaming everybody else for the mess they 're in . 
  it 's a bold move . 
  let 's see how this will play out with the european people . 
  i do n't subscribe to this point of view , by the way , just pointing out the rather hateful stupidity the view in your comment implies . 
  you can never have enough submarines . 
   once and for all eh , i would n't get my hopes up . 
  because we took a loan , duh . 
  i 'm a tad drunk so frank opionions time : we certainly should pay that nazi loan back with interest . 
  they should n't even ask for it actually . 
  we 've got the money to pay it without it making much of a dent . 
  the only reason we have n't so far is because the fighting atm is about public opinion . 
  if we pay back , we 're screwed because we 'd likely have to pay more in the long run . 
  if we do n't pay back , we 're screwed because we 're nazis but have been bullied into paying - which goes a long way eu-wide . 
  that said , if the greek government continues to want 200 billion , they can fuck right off . 
  you still have popcorn ? 
  * confiscated *, 
  why would you need to ? 
  we all know nazi uniforms are standard issue for tories and ukippers . 
  as a berliner i would have supported this move wholeheartedly . 
  til the eu is a feudal system . 
  naughty bulgaria , gib back !, 
  if the eu is really nothing more than a german attempt at another empire as that dude implies , it would be prudent to choose our partners wisely . 
  fyi : repulsive frenchmen can join anytime . 
  we 'll leave you useless lot out of our empire this time . 
  i 'll have another suggestion : just wear your nazi uniform and see what happens . 
  top marks for missing the point . 
  good that you 're taking interrail . 
  a british train would break down reaching the gate . 
  well done , france . 
  keep the brits on their island . 
  ukrainian minister of economy aivaras abromavicius : `` it is disappointing see that some nations in europe put short-term economic advantages over the lives of people . '', 
  quoted and translated from [ here . 
  the guardian ? 
  willingly mistranslating ? 
  well , i never . 
  13th largest producer of figs ? 
  my god , a true world power . 
  this guy is a hoot . 
  but of course we do . 
   when papademos passed the austerity measures laos was forgotten . 
  this is certainly true . 
  i had n't thought of them in quite some time . 
  i guess we can agree on both our media 's rather abysmal efforts all throughout this whole crisis . 
  do we really need a new article on this every day until thursday ? 
  well , that was n't hard . 
  [ article in die welt from 2011 . 
  ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article13716898/mit-gottes-segen-gegen-einwanderer-und-juden.html ) some choice quotes from the article since i 'm not sure if you 're proficient at german ( ghetto translation obviously ) . 
   with god 's blessing against immigrants and jews ( headline )  a worry that can be read in a lot of foreign media outlets : how can it be that voridis ' party laos is governing in athens . 
   left wing critics see in him the reincarnation of the spirit of the greek junta of the late 60s and early 70s . 
   imagine if russia was still occupying eastern estonia after all these years . 
  well , it is n't . 
  there are people who are of the view that ukraine is occupying rightfully polish territory , there are also people who are of the view that poland is occupying rightfully german territory , and then there are people who are aware that all of these situations really ca n't be compared to each other without a lot of differentiating . 
   you 're wrong . 
  citation needed . 
  i do n't think anyone in the western media at this point thinks of any recent greek government as `` good '' . 
  considering the turkish invasion was a result of a greek attempt to annex the island to greece , this situation is considerably more muddled than it appears on the face of it . 
  it also happened almost a decade before greek eu ( then ec ) ascension . 
  i 'd be in favour of sanctions against saudi arabia myself . 
  it has to be said though that threatening the security of eu countries ( and you damn well believe the baltics feel their security is threatened ) is quite a different situation though and really ca n't be equated to curtailing the rights of individuals . 
  yes .
