  have fun . 
  this has to be satire . 
  he 's just rightfully pissed that his own submission was immediately discredited by other greeks because it supported an opposition party . 
  are we still joking ? 
  because mooslims . 
  pff , the people should have an instant voting app to vote their governments in and out whenever they damn well please . 
  it 's summer and people swim in the ocean . 
  this is news now ? 
  what . 
  that 's it boys , we 're done for now . 
  everyone enjoy the summer holidays and see you in october when we can all have these wonderful discussions again . 
  i am old enough to remember the cold war , and my country split in two . 
  poland seemed about as far away as australia . 
  now i can take a 45 minute train ride and walk across the bridge over the river without showing any sort of identification . 
  calling it a massive improvement would be an understatement . 
  that you choose to blame the eu instead of your president who pushed the revised constitution through without a referendum , only reveals your biased way of thinking . 
  inform yourself . 
   the eu is not federal yeah , and the pope ai n't catholic either . 
   juncker 's mandate does not give him the authority to interfere and he did n't . 
  he said some stuff . 
  how you construe this to being interference , i do not know , unless you have chosen to live in some sort of fantasy world where you can just make stuff up to fit your distorted worldview as you please . 
  i assume you are british since you used the word twat recently judging by your post history . 
  might i ask if you find the recent british election was a fair and democratic election since the party that got the third-most votes only got one seat ? 
  our ( germany & uk ) democratic systems might have similar roots but are very different . 
  to me , the european election felt just like any other because it was basically done with the same system in place used here and in many other continental countries . 
   the vote would be unjust and recast find me this clause in any democratic constitution because it means nothing more than your views on this matter . 
  every citizen is free to vote or not vote . 
  the fact that a big number of citizens ( about almost 50 % if wikipedia is to be believed ) chose to not vote and make their opinions known , does n't mean the votes of the ones that did should be ignored . 
  not for the greeks i know . 
  in fact , there is absolutely nothing silent about them  . 
  cameron writes only 15 % of the population knew juncker and 100 minus 15 is 85 . 
  he chose not to source this so i have no idea where he got the numbers from and am playing along . 
   how did that happen ? 
  i have no idea . 
  they do n't appear to have been following the developments . 
  like you . 
  how did that happen ? 
  juncker was announced as lead candidate in march 2014 . 
  it was widely known that he was the favourite in his own party before he was elected there . 
  that is two months to inform yourself of who and what you 're voting for . 
  i am sorry to say this but if you choose to stay clueless then this is your own fault . 
  this is probably the biggest factor in confusion when greeks talk to germans . 
  are you twelve or truly uninformed ? 
  i am sorry that i have to be so blunt but you seem to have not followed the european election at all . 
  juncker was the lead candidate of epp and schulz was the lead candidate of the pes . 
  this was not a secret before the election , during , or after . 
  the other parties had candidates as well , the el even had tsipras . 
  your `` statement '' up there is what happens when willful ignorance combines with blatant prejudice to support a distorted worldview . 
  the only result will always be childish nonsense that is hard to take serious when discussing issues as `` complex '' as elections . 
  quoted from the article :  nowhere was mr juncker on the ballot paper . 
  neither was angela merkel in the german elections . 
  it was the party , just like in the eu . 
  the concept of `` spitzenkandidaten '' has existed here since the end of the war . 
  juncker was the lead candidate of the party that won the most seats . 
  if you did n't go to vote , you have yourself to blame . 
  if you voted for another party and lost , then so be it , that is what elections are like . 
  so far , the party i 've voted for in 15 years of voting has never won . 
  it happens , it is not the end of democracy . 
  to even say a new process was invented shows david cameron has absolutely no idea what he 's talking about . 
   even in germany , where the concept of ` spitzenkandidaten ' got the most airtime , only 15 % of voters even knew he was a candidate 85 % of the population chose for whatever reason to not inform themselves before an election . 
  perfectly legitimate , but then they got nobody but themselves to blame . 
  just like mr cameron . 
  the only reason britain is even in it is to stop france and germany integrating more . 
  the minute you 're gone , this will happen . 
  like it or not , juncker is the president of a supranational entity that we as nations are a part of . 
  he is elected by a parliament that is elected by the people . 
  to call this undemocratic shows a clear misunderstanding of this concept that you spout to be in favour of . 
  that said , he is talking here as if the die 's been cast and no matter what happens , all parties are set on going their separate ways . 
  sad to see , really . 
  i 'm speaking to an ostensibly greek person on the internet right now !, 
  huzzah for modernity !, 
  should i go write an article about it , do you think ? 
  is deliberate misunderstanding how you deal with every problem ? 
  would explain a thing or two . 
  need more coffee . 
  cjeu ? 
  core joined european union or something ? 
  yes . 
  no , we need a place for our far-right propaganda and this subreddit is it , whether the mods like it or not . 
  should i add an / s , do you think ? 
  would n't that be illegal ? 
  my god , 10 people at an atm ?!?!, 
  the outrage !, 
  i had n't realized so many greeks still had money . 
  in other words , petty bullshit . 
  who am i doubt such a well argued stance by an account that 's less than a month old ? 
  oh , enlighten us , smart person . 
  well , if other users are people who call him `` an insult to humanity '' , he 's perfectly within his rights to get into conflict with him . 
  sometimes i wonder if people are just very young here or incredibly stupid . 
  / u/clit _ commander , this is a question for you . 
  you 're a supporter of a party made up of ( and made for ) closet racists and bigots . 
  unreasonable does n't even cover it . 
  well , is the pope catholic ? 
  and now we have come full circle . 
   i 'm not ignorant . 
   just saying it does n't make it so . 
  this is too easy . 
  [ nigel farage has tried to row back his comments about ` british-born ' workers , but do n't be fooled . 
  this is open , explicit racism ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/nigel-farage/11467713/no-dogs.-no-blacks.-no-irish-is-now-ukip-policy.html ) the telegraph [ `` how we can possibly be giving a billion pounds a month when we 're in this sort of debt to bongo bongo land is completely beyond me . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/aug/06/ukip-godfrey-bloom-bongo-bongo-land ) '' ukip mep godfrey bloom [ `` they are racist and have been infected by the far right '' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2005/feb/06/otherparties.politicalcolumnists ) ukip founder alan sked [ `` the direction in which the party is going is terrifying : ukip has descended into a form of racist populism that i can not bring myself to vote for .
