  whitehead build a torpedo factory in azioni . 
  after he retired , the family sold the company to british companies vickers and armstrong-whitworth . 
  whitehead left his fortune to his grandaughter , agathe whitehead , who married an austian naval officer , captain georg von trapp !, 
  von trapp was a submarine pioneer and a highly decorated submarine commander in world war one , sinking 11 cargo vessels and two warships . 
  after the war he was unemployed as austria no longer had a blue water navy . 
  agathe died in 1922 . 
  in 1926 , georg von trapp hired a tutor , maria augusta kutschera to home-school one of his seven children who was recovering from an illness , and married her the year after . 
  after he lost most of the family fortune in 1935 due to a bank crash , the family started to perform as singers to earn income . 
  after the anschlss , the german navy offered von trapp a position , which he declined because of his opposition to nazi ideology , and the family decided to leave austria , and emigrated to the us . 
  a village called hate-hole ? 
  danish from swedish  probably ukranian from russian  no spanish from portugese  definitly, 
  [ steam pumping stations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ir.d.f._woudagemaal ) !, 
  because so much of the netherlands is below sea level we need pumping stations to keep dry . 
  although all the regular pumping stations use diesel engines , a number of the old steam pumping stations are still on standby for emergencies and occasional extra pumping capacity . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhbj9jghxno ), 
  they are very common here in the netherlands . 
  i use it primarily to measure food as part of recipes , i.e. 
  if the recipe calls for 350 grams of potato or something . 
  of course , you 'll also use them for baking . 
  come on , man , we have throats of steel . 
  try jopen , their beers are pretty good . 
   worst case going to syria to fight trump actually lots of people would love to see isis and trump battle it out in person in syria . 
  yes , our friend who lives just two streets away . 
  but they 've been married like 25 years . 
  terrible here in the netherlands . 
   how does that affect your posts on reddit ? 
  it makes posting quite cumbersome . 
  i have to write my posts in dutch first , then they have to be checked by my local feminist authority , the geert wilders freedom foundation and the municipal anti-discrimination board . 
  if they approve , i need french and arab translations for the eu censorship office and the neighborhood sharia council . 
  once they have approved , i can have an official english translation made which is posted here . 
  look , in 1916 the league of nations was n't even formed yet , there was no sign that communism would have an enormous impact . 
  monarchies were still important , etc. 
  the one thing i 'm pretty sure about is that if there is an eu in 2100 it will be quite different from the eu now . 
  benelux forever !, 
  sunday i plan on making bahn mi ( vietnamese baguette ) with carrot salad and pulled pork filling . 
  few people do here . 
  some people do n't like to travel but they usually do n't hate others who do . 
   so about half of your country yes , just like in germany :-), 
  it 's not breakfast food in the netherlands though , but a complete dinner . 
  sadly enough , even after four war against you we do n't have any cool slurs for the british :-( the afrikaners have `` rooinek '' ( redneck ) from the time of the boer war and the more recent and quite funny [ soutpiel ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/soutpiel ) . 
  great , i 'm all for traditional slurs . 
  none of this pop-culture and internet stuff . 
  belgians , non-white dutch people , germans, 
  they do n't call us cheeseheads for nothing !, 
  not at all , although i still have a kama'aina card laying around . 
  just a simpsons scriptwriter . 
   i 'm not sure what stereotypes continental europeans have of us . 
  having the most fun pubs of europe where every stranger will be welcomed with a pint to join the conversation and listen to the live music . 
  probaly made in china . 
  oooonly in beeeeerne . 
  in reality , they just took a train . 
   tins of beans with sausages mixed in as well you mean , like french cassoulet ? 
   beans in maple syrup you do that ? 
  an old and delicious dish from the netherlands is beans with bacon , molasses sirup and apple sauce as a side dish . 
  delicious indeed !, 
  sorry but stilton is below french and italian cheeses on my list of favorite blue cheeses , although it 's not bad . 
   i do n't want people to hate me for being from the country that elected trump . 
  you think we 'll be obsessing about this * next summer * ? 
  graham green has a lot to answer for . 
  they think a lot of things about us , but not that we are dumb :-), 
  they do n't know the difference between gourmet and gourmand . 
  if you want information on studying in the netherlands , post this on / r/thenetherlands, 
  i love patent ochsner . 
  [ pearson vs. chung ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pearson_v._chung ) however is a prime example of a frivolous lawsuit that should never have been anything more than a small claims court case . 
  you can address your complaint to andrew hammel . 
  or you can sue me for causing you emontinal distress with my poor posting . 
  anyway the poor woman 's hospital costs would be covered by health insurance and liability insurance in germany . 
  if you want to travel city to city in europe you might be interested in the [ eurolines pass ] ( http://www.eurolines.com/en/eurolines-pass/ ) which allows free travel ( without returns ) for 15 or 30 days on all eurolines city to city buses . 
  they connect 53 cities so it is not a bad deal . 
  showing nudity on public television . 
  having a show on public television where people try drugs and discuss their experiences . 
  bestiality porn became illegal to produce only recently . 
  in 2010 a woman dug her way out of prison using a spoon . 
  she was serving 8 years for attempted murder and still had 21 months to go . 
  she was arrested again within a week and did n't offer resistance so she did not receive any additional punishment , since she did n't commit any crimes during or after the escape . 
  even her early release was not rescinded . 
  there was talk of charging her with damaging the sidewalk where her tunnel ended though . 
   even i am careful , because there 's so many dutch/belgian tourists abroad . 
  if my wife talks gronings to me it eliminates probably 70 % of all dutch speakers :-) it 's a pity we did n't learn more z\u00fcrit\u00fc\u00fctsch though , that would come in pretty handy at times too . 
  german joys run by american lawyer living in germany andrew hammel : americans file too many lawsuits : surprise !, 
  germans file almost twice as many lawsuits as americans do per capita , and are the most litigious society in europe , perhaps in the entire world . 
  americans file crazy lawsuits like the hot coffee lawsuit : germans file lawsuits over ludicrously trivial matters , such as $ 1500 for the fact that a hotel room had only two single beds instead of a double bed ( g ) or because an employee was called by the informal ` du ' instead of the formal ` sie ' ( g ) . 
  and besides , what 's so bad about litigiousness ? 
  most of the world 's population desperately yearns to live in a country in which the powerful can be called to account and disputes can be reliably settled without violence . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.germanjoys.eu/2012/04/debating-points.html ), 
  [ de eo zelf  ( http://www.eo.nl/tv/natuur/artikel-detail/vertaling-frozen-planet-doet-recht-aan-inhoud/ )  in de aflevering ` winter ' die afgelopen dinsdag werd uitgezonden spreekt de bbc over een watertemperatuur ` [ that ] has barely changed for 25 million years ' . 
   oh , and sometimes they borrow bbc 's nature documentaries , which are awesome . 
  but they edit out any mention of evolution :-(, 
  where i grew up : dutch , limburgs ( local dialect ) , german ( just 8 kilometers to the east ) . 
  my mother went to a french language church so we did n't have to come as we would n't understand anyway . 
  frech-speaking part of belgium was pretty close . 
  muilezel and muildier in dutch . 
  in dutch it is also used for south africa only , for example the racial segregation in the dutch east indies ( which established the categories used in south africa ) is not called apartheid . 
  in dutch we say `` fransman '' ( french-man ) for a male but `` fran\u00e7aise '' for a woman . 
  yes , the family name was van der bildt because the family came from the dutch village de bildt . 
   is it standard to need credit to buy a car or house or would you only buy if you had cash for most of it ? 
  getting a mortgage for a house is standard . 
  for a car , half up front , half later is pretty popular . 
  if it was n't in the news that there was a refugee crisis i would n't have noticed a thing , personally . 
  thre is a refugee center in my town but it has been there forever .
