  vermont ? 
  kansas ? 
  there are more than 100 bilingual ( i.e. 
  dutch and english ) secondary schools in the netherlands , where part of the curriculum is taught in english ( and pupils will often finish school with a cambridge advanced exam or cambridge proficiency exam ) . 
  they might be of interest to you . 
  well , it was a french girl who got him to move to california to be clear , then he liked it so much when he was there that he looked for a local gf after he broke up with the french gf . 
  i greatly enjoy being able to speak more languages . 
  and i am interested in other cultures . 
   i have never heard of somebody who wanted to move to the united states my brother left 15 years ago and is now a naturalized american , my uncle and his wife did the same 60 years ago , and a great uncle settled in chicago in 1920 ( only to be killed by the mob later on when he did n't pay protection of his shop ) . 
   the sheer number of guns alone make it so i 'd never consider living in the us , it 's just not safe . 
  i lived for 1.5 year in hawaii , never saw a gun , never had a colleague talk about guns , did n't read much about gun crime in the news papers , the only gun-related thing i noticed were commercial shooting ranges aimed at japanese tourists . 
   economically speaking it 's in the best interest of both parties . 
  oh , i love this farage argument . 
  `` eu is the evil empire , the fourth reich run by power-hungry unelected eurocrats who want to force britain into subservience and adopting the metric system . 
  we must leave ! '', 
  but what about trade after brexit ? 
  `` oh , brussels is run by reasonable people whose only aim will be to find a mutually profitable deal with the uk . '', 
  norway was magnificent and they do have some nice food , but it is pretty expensive . 
  going to iceland this summer , will report back if you 're interested . 
  nibud says about 90 $ for a childless couple per week . 
  a single male spends about 50 $ weekly according to the national budgeting foundation in the netherlands . 
  i lived in the us for two years to do a postdoc , well a rather special part of the us but still . 
  i liked living in honolulu , but your health care is seriously scary . 
  i was unemployed the last few weeks and the premium i would have to pay for heath insurance ( kaiser permanente which in itself was pretty good ) more than doubled . 
  i mean , who eve thought it a good idea to make health insurance much more expensive when people lose their jobs ? 
  in general , i feel the us is more of a winners/losers society or a roller coaster ride than life in europe , you can rise quickly but also fall deep . 
  in general , we had a great time and i was glad to visit , but i did n't feel i would want to live there permanently . 
  my brother has emigrated to california though for the sun , the high tech industry and for love . 
  op is fake canadian . 
  note that if you receive this minimum allowance , you have to take part in programs designed to get you working again . 
  if you refuse or obstruct , you can loose part or all of your benefits . 
  to say there is * no * racism in the netherlands is whitewashing things a bit , but at the places you are talking about ( expensive restaurants , high end fashion stores , luxury hotels/resorts , etc ) , as long as you do n't look too scruffy ( and the same goes for white people there ) i do n't think you will be treated any different . 
  you could ask [ this guy ] ( http://indiansinnetherlands.com/ ) if you want the opinion of an indian in the netherlands . 
  i do n't know where you live but here in wageningen scouting is pretty normal and not associated with religion or anything . 
  there are about 20,000 scouts in the netherlands ( with a population of 17 million people ) . 
  my son was a marine scout for a while . 
  scouting in the netherlands was never associated with the hitlerjugend , the nazi 's stopped scouting in the netherlands . 
  going to iceland , yeah !, 
  driving around the country , camping , hiking . 
  license to drive like a belgian ? 
  definitly not like amish , some of them ran a well-known large it company in the netherlands . 
  they do n't force themselves on others as much as american fundamentalists because they are a minority and openly preaching your religion all the time is not appreciated here . 
  i 've had many friends , colleagues and acqaintances who are members of such churches and they were usually okay to be around . 
  i live in a very liberal college town in the bible belt . 
  some stories : * a friend who lives in one of the conservative villages was asked not to wear trousers when she brought her kids to school ( the village has two , a christian one and a * very * christian one , her kids go to the more moderate one ) . 
  * a friend who rented a shed to live in behind the farm of a conservative christian farmer was allowed to have a tv but not an antenna , his landlord would be ostracized by his neighbours if they saw the antenna . 
  * they have a very strained relation with mass media as they do think that most of it is sinfull . 
  the internet is even worse , of course . 
  the website of the conservative christian party closes on sunday !, 
  * a national supermarket chain had an action where you could collect little pokemon-like plastic figurines but in a neighbouring town the supermarket did n't take part because they considered one of the figurines satanic . 
  the archetypical conservative christian town in the netherlands is [ staphorst ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/staphorst#society ) , with very high church attendance , lowest vaccination rates , very high fertility , [ women who still wear traditional dress ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/65391725@n00/2910812443 ) ( it is forbidden to take pictures in the town without people 's consent ) and very strong social control . 
  yes . 
  that being said , there are private gun owners ( sports shooters and hunters ) in the netherlands and there is no strong movement to stop that . 
   uk to ireland ( and vice-versa ) is very relaxed not much longer , probably . 
  just fyi , it is generally * not * allowed in the netherlands . 
  [ this guy ( a goeie ouwe henk ) has some useful info on free camping in the netherlands ] ( http://henkvandillen.net/en/how-to-wild-camp-for-free-and-legal-in-the-netherlands/ ), 
  no , the `` legitimate portion '' is half of the normal inheritance , so if someone has two kids and writes a testament that says one child gets the whole inheritance , the disinherited child could go to court and would have a right to 1/4th ( but not 1/2 ) of the inheritance . 
  mama , he called me highbrow !, 
  the netherlands : you can partly disinherit your children , but not completely . 
  it is pretty uncommon . 
   1-hour lunch breaks you 'd be surprised how much americans leave their working place . 
  father born in indonesia , mother born in the caribbean . 
  nobody notices this . 
  but officially i am `` niet-westers allochtoon '' . 
  * do you think it should be repealed/amended ? 
  it 's your problem , you figure it out . 
  i 'm not a proponent of lots of firearms in society , personally . 
  * how do you `` interpret '' it to mean ? 
  i doubt that after 200 years of americans bickering about this i can shed any new light on this . 
  but personally i think it was meant to allow for a militia-like army . 
  putting op notices at a local supermarket is very common here in the netherlands for this kind of job , but maybe not so much in france with their hypermarches on the town outskirts . 
  zar und zimmermann by albert lortzing ( opera ) the diary of anne frank ( play ), 
  stamppot ( mashed potatoes with milk and or egg and some vegetable ) . 
  it 's mostly a winter dish , although stamppot rucola met brokkelkaas is an excellent summer dish . 
  * boerenkoolstamppot ( with finely chopped kale that is cooked with the potatoes ) * andijviestampot ( with coarsely chopped raw endives that are mashed with the potatoes ) * hutspot ( with carrots that are cooked and mashed with the potatoes , not my favorite ) * hete bliksem ( with apples that are cooked and mashed with the potatoes , not my favorite ) * stamppot zuurkool ( with sauerkraut cooked and mashed with the potatoes ) * stamppot rucola ( modern version , with raw rocket salad ) . 
  now , for the meat/protein !, 
  * spekjes : bake pieces of salty bacon and mix them with the mashed potatoes . 
  * rookworst : heat dutch smoked sausage and serve as a side dish . 
  the sausage is a bit like kielbasa . 
  * speklappen : bake slices of pork belly to serve as a side dish . 
  * brokkelkaas : take very old gouda cheese ( the one that starts to crumble ) and hack it into pieces , mix with the mashed potatoes . 
  classic combination is * boerenkoolstamppot met spekjes en rookworst * . 
  some mustard for the sausage can also be added . 
  [ recipe for americans ] ( http://www.thedutchtable.com/2010/10/boerenkool-met-worst-kale-potatoes-with.html ), 
  and 1.2 million mopeds/scooters . 
  electric bicycles are becoming very popular , about 1.3 million of the 22.7 million bicycles have electric propulsion . 
  / r/interrail might be more useful . 
   the only common form of debt is a small line of credit and a massive mortgage if they own a home . 
  but the idea you * have * to loan money at a young age `` to build a credit score '' does n't exist here . 
  1 : you are not punishable for acts necessary to protect your or some else 's body , chastity or goods against a direct and immediate threat . 
  2 : you are not punishable for exceeding the necessary if this is an immediate result of strong emotions engendered by the assault . 
  so if someone attacks you with a knife or a gun , or tries to bludgeon you to death , you can kill them in self defense . 
  most legal disputes are about what amount of force can be considered necessary . 
  shooting someone who tries to steal your bicycle would certainly be considered excessive . 
  using `` holland '' for `` the netherlands '' reminds us of `` hup holland hup '' which is severely traumatic at the moment . 
  `` fun '', 
  we wo n't :'(, 
  i really hate it thought that they start offering insurances now that pay for treatment in certain hospitals only , with the patient ( of course ) being responisble for always checking whether something is actually covered . 
  cheaper than vienna and munich and generally a good deal if you avoid the tourist traps . 
  that 's because they split off peacefully from the kingdom of the netherlands in 1890 .
