  he has taken the lives of [ egmont ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lamoral,_count_of_egmont ) and [ horn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philip_de_montmorency,_count_of_horn ) and imprisoned the whole nobility . 
  that is lamented by citizens and farmers . 
  bicycle ( everything in town and to the station ) , train and bus ( to work ) i 'm 50 + , have a wife , two kids , no car , we sometimes use carshare . 
  indo = in nederland door omstandigheden, 
  inform yourself of the dutch american friendship treaty . 
  my parents ? 
  never stopped . 
  not that my mom would correct me now , but she would n't like it . 
  used to be very popular among students but with the introduction of free public travel for students it declined a lot . 
  in the 1980 's my students society organized a netherlands to rome hitchhiking contest !, 
  if you go to a dutch birthday , you do n't only congratulate the person having his/her birthday ( `` congratulations on your birthday ! '' ), 
  but also partner , parents , brothers and sisters . 
  ( `` congratulations on your sons birthday !, 
  '' , `` congratulations on your wife 's birthday '' , etc. ), 
  it 's sometimes done in the netherlands , depends a bit on the age and enthousiasm of the group . 
  f/f and m/f only , usually . 
  dutch , german , french, 
  smoked horse meat is a popular on sandwiches in the netehrlands and tastes pretty good . 
   in switzerland even cats dogs in appenzell :-), 
  to clarify , you do n't have to take courses in dutch , social studies or history if you study physics at university . 
  some stuff has been available here for a long time like m&m 's and snickers , mars and twix bars . 
  i lived in the us for 1.5 years and ca n't say there is any sweets i particularly miss , although reese peanut butter cups were okay . 
  us cinnamon rolls are awesome though . 
  well we beat spain 1568-1648 :-), 
  the most civil civil war . 
  the hummer . 
  i used to celebrate it as a kid ( with the cake and bean ) in the netherlands but i 'm from the deep south ,, 
  dutch : mother language , every day . 
  english : i read mostly in english , both books and on the internet . 
  also speak it when on vacation or talking to my american sister in law . 
  german : when i go to germany or switzerland ( happens every year ) , meet germans or watch german movies . 
  french : not so good but useful to when on vacation in belgium or france . 
  my french is n't good enough to enjoy french books or movies , but french comics are ok . chinese : i can buy a train ticket or order beer , but that 's about it , so i rarely use it . 
  if it is really you , your majesty , you should also be able to speak dutch . 
  i just bought the board game . 
  mentioned elsewhere : lam = lamb , lame and drunk slot = castle and lock poesje = cat and vagina others : aanhanger = follower and trailer ( vehicle ) bank = bank and couch bloem = flower and flour kaart = map and card bos = forest and bunch tocht = trip ( travel ) and draft ( air ) pot = pot and lesbian pijpen = pipes , trouser legs and giving a blowjob wippen = seesaws , seesawing and having sex kruis = cross and crotch kloppen = knocking and being correct voorkomen = to prevent and to be subpoenaed haar = her and hair ( haar haar = her hair ) bergen = mountains and to salvage toetje = dessert and face ( informal ) vorst = frost and monarch, 
   so you can imagine what kind of weird situations can evolve between a fleming and a dutchy yes , you have these friendly ladies in certain districts of antwerp who ask you if you need to use the toilet . 
  switzerland : lived in z\u00fcrich for 7 years , visited many parts of it . 
  also several vacations to val d'anniviers in valais . 
  france : something like 35 weeks : many vacations , also family visits . 
  last visits were to lille and sedan . 
  germany : about 15 weeks : some vacations , many short visits . 
  uk : 8 weeks : three vacations and a day trip including a honeymoon : wales , scotland , cambridgeshire , yorkshire and jersey ( the day trip ) . 
  czechia : 6.5 weeks : two vacations and a city trip to prague . 
  italy : 6 weeks : two vacations and a city trip : roma , s\u00fcd-tirol , venezia . 
  belgium : 5 weeks : a vacation , some weekends and short trips . 
  mostly ardennes and flemish cities : brussels , antwerp and brugge . 
  norway : 4 weeks : a long vacation to \u00c5s , oslo , roros , lillehammer , bergen , jotunheimen and hardangervidda . 
  iceland : 3 weeks : a 21 day round trip following the ring road . 
  hungary , greece and malta : 1 week , vacations or university excursion in the case of hungary . 
  just to be clear , my home country is the netherlands and i spend most of my life there . 
  that 's admiral sir manley power to you . 
  there is also lieutenant general sir [ manley power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manley_power ) . 
  both were badass . 
  my cousin from the south of france is called marcel ... 
  dutch parent use an authoritative parenting style , where the parents try to impart their views and values to their children mainly by communication and reasoning , and the child 's opinion and individuality is respected , as opposed to an authoritarian style where the children are simply supposed to obey their parents and follow their lifestyle . 
  children get a lot of verbal information and explanations . 
  parents show a lot of warmth to their children , show affection and and concerned about their children 's feelings and happiness . 
  people from lower social classes tend to be a bit more authoritarian , but also more affectionate and involved . 
  dutch children get a lot of freedom , they go to school on their own and visit friends on their own from a young age . 
  one thing that helps here is that the bicycle is the main way of transport to school , sports and friends , so children are not dependent on their parents . 
  in general , the privacy of children and especially teens is respected . 
  teens are allowed more sexual freedom by their parents compared to the us , for example boy/girlfriends staying overnight for older teens . 
  discipline is usually verbal only , by explaining to the child where it went wrong and why . 
  teens get more freedom and parents mainly try to learn them positive values and morals and help them become independent adults . 
  things like grounding are rare . 
  all this works pretty well . 
  [ dutch kids are the happiest in the developed countries : pdf ] ( https://www.unicef-irc.org/publications/pdf/rc11_eng.pdf ) according to unicef . 
  dutch parents are generally quite happy with their children . 
  you misspelled anecdote . 
  it was awkward though that people thought i was egyptian when in mixed european/egyptian company and started talking arabic to me . 
  in switzerland , people sometimes thought i was german . 
  they 've always been there but they are louder now . 
   not giving a thank you wave when driving does not apply when cyclists are involved , i gather . 
  a flight from maastricht aachen airport ( mst ) , then vliegveld beek , to schiphol and return the same day , by fokker f27 friendship of the [ nlm ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nlm ) in 1976 . 
  wonderful views all along the way !, 
  well , we got latin and classical greek in secondary school . 
  i bet greek kids also get classical greek in school . 
  i made a domestic flight in my country ( the netherlands ) once but i do n't think they are available anymore . 
   or a breton netherlands . 
  triggered, 
  honestly , if i did n't read about more refugees in the newspaper , i would n't have noticed a thing in the netherlands . 
  my municipality has a refugee center but it has been there for a long time , i lived next door to somalian and kurdish refugees in the 1990 's in this town . 
   i wonder if it means someone could get into office with less than 30 % of the vote . 
  the system in the netherlands is fundamentally different from the us . 
  we do n't have a presidential system in the netherlands , we have a prime minister who is much less powerful . 
  the party of the current pm had 27 % of the vote in 2012 . 
  beste tsjechen , please do n't be offended . 
  yes , many local traditions are under pressure from the dominance of american media , like the way we celebrate christmas . 
  legal drugs : no european country has legal drugs . 
  no guns : apart from romania ( 0,7 guns per 100 inhabitants ) no country qualifies . 
  free healthcare : in most european countries , healthcare is n't free . 
  sorry to bust your bubble . 
  or with your family . 
  * hungary : was there a long time ago , nice people and awesome food . 
  * spend two great vacations in the czech republic recently , great country . 
  you 're right , i looked at the agglomeration instead of the municipality . 
  i had a great weekend in lille last year . 
  we do n't have any smaller cities the size of lille in our country . 
  even our largest ones are smaller .
