  no , my support in territorial dispute is completely arbitrary and based on which party i like more . 
  the priority goes roughly like this : everyone else  slavs/orthodox  muslims . 
  all of them contained areas with clear hungarian majorities . 
  more importantly , there was no self-determination regardless of the ethnic makeup of the territories - they were annexed by the victorious states without regard for what the people living there actually wanted . 
  the atrocities perpetrated against hungary as a country and as a nation in the aftermath of wwi and wwii are easily amongst the most horrible things to happen in the 20th century . 
  germany and austro-hungary lost territories where they never had the ethnic majority , and , for the most part , where the ethnic majority did n't feel like being a part of those empires . 
  hungary , on the other hand , was dismembered whole with no regards for the self-determination of the population in the annexed territories . 
  downvote harder, 
  answer : content the cabal of large sub moderators felt like inflicting on its user base today . 
  i 'm fluent in two languages and understand five , but that does n't change the fact that i do n't want public institutions in my country primarily using foreign languages . 
   not everyone shares your fucked up opinions or simply says whatever ... to them . 
  and i acknowledge that . 
  i do n't question their sanity , humanity or sense of ethics . 
  i 'm not the one holding disgusting , perverted parades demanding people not be allowed to disagree with me . 
  i swear denying the agency and sanity of people who disagree is like a coping mechanism for liberals . 
  it 's the real world . 
  not everyone shares your fucked-up opinion . 
  that does n't make them insane or lesser human beings . 
  deal with it . 
  i 'm honestly surprised it took you this long to give up the pretence of having a civilised argument . 
  tolerance is an absurd concept - specifically it means disapproving of something and not doing anything about it . 
  i do n't understand why liberals consider it a value to be lauded - when it basically amounts to an admission of defeat . 
  i do n't tolerate things that disgust me , because it does n't benefit me in any way to do so . 
  i do n't tolerate people telling me what i 'm allowed to think , because i 'm a human being with free will and agency . 
  this homosexualism tolerance nonsense only works on people too weak-willed to control their own thoughts , just like only people unable to control their base urges accept it as a `` lifestyle '' to begin with . 
  everything about the homosexualism/lgbt movement goes against basic human dignity , and it must be rejected wholesale . 
  false dichotomy . 
  just because i 'm opposed to homosexualist displays does n't mean i 'm in favour of making all normal sexuality public - in fact , i think we could do with a lot less public displays of sexuality as a whole , regardless of sexual and political orientation of the participants . 
  it 's really simple : if you want people to respect your right to do whatever the fuck you want to in private , do it in private . 
  i will not be brainwashed into falsely tolerating perversion , and do n't want anyone else to be either . 
  that which is dead can eternal lie , in strange aeons death may die !, 
  all of those ideas offend and revolt me , but i would n't ban their expression , only public obscenity and promotion of tolerance for `` alternative '' sexuality . 
  you can parade for legal rights , but you ca n't tell me what i 'm allowed to think . 
  also , what does my pda have to do with any of this . 
  sometimes i wish we could make more like the french and feign national allergy to foreign languages . 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  people who seriously argue that the kind of homosexualism parades we see in the west - naked perverts peddling their degeneracy to anyone who happens to be in the same city - disgust me . 
  the day i decide to openly parade my sexuality in front of everyone , i sure hope someone beats some sense into me . 
  simple , make sure nobody is naked and there are no dildos in sight . 
  hint : after they deal with the muslims , jews might be back in fashion . 
   or would you say the contract is now invalid thanks to the actions of the other party . 
  you could say that , but that does n't change the fact that you unilaterally broke the contract with no legal justification . 
  i 'm pretty sure business contracts usually are n't predicated on either party not breaking any laws completely unrelated to the deal at hand . 
  ... but not by refusing to meet your contractual obligations . 
  i 'm sure all european weapons exporters will be looking to re-evaluate their business relationships with russia in the near future , but to do it in a way that makes you an unfaithful business partner is unheard of . 
  let me put it this way : if you support the eu/nato and oppose what russia 's doing , that 's a hypocritical double standard . 
  unfortunately , it 's a hypocritical double standard all of our propaganda sources are pushing endlessly without one bit of self-awareness . 
  people say we consider eastern europeans `` worthless '' by ignoring russia 's re-asserting its authority in its historic sphere of influence - it 's the exact opposite , you consider them lesser human beings if you think they need your help to keep russia from doing the exact same thing that 's happening to european countries in the eu without my consent and against my will . 
   i never made that claim , so i 'm not sure why you continue to raise it . 
  then what exactly is it that you 're proposing ? 
  more sanctions that just hurt our economy and innocent russians and fail to deter the russian leadership in any way ? 
   you are saying `` i do n't care about the workers/gays/imprisoned people . 
  i want to watch my sport '' . 
  that 's not the case . 
  rather , `` which political issues i care about and which sports i watch are completely separate considerations with zero overlap '' . 
   do n't kid yourself , friendly competition can be anywhere . 
  and i 'll support it anywhere . 
  russia views the eu as an enemy as long as eu is functionally a slave to the usa ( via nato ) . 
  also , all russia 's doing is asserting its authority in its former client states - other than the methodology , i do n't see this principally any different than european states forming the eu . 
  and if russian history has taught us anything , it 's that they wo n't function under our methods and processes when it comes to political systems - it 's not a culture that values democracy or human rights . 
  we 're trying to make them into an enemy for doing the exact same thing we 've been doing , just because they 're doing in a way we do n't currently approve of . 
  also , as i 've pointed out above , you 're delusional if you think any third party will go to war with russia over the ukraine . 
  our propaganda and diplomatic fronts are all bark and no bite - manufactured hypocritical moral-crusader outrage and nothing to back it up with . 
  it 's completely rational to value long-term reputation as a trading partner over temporary , short-term political considerations . 
  also , manufactured media outrage to the contrary , russia is n't an enemy , and nobody sane will fight them over ukraine . 
  no , it 's a lot simpler - not everything has to be about politics . 
  i * refuse * to make politics a consideration when watching sports , because it 's supposed to be apolitical . 
  i say the same thing i said to the morons trying to get us to boycott the sochi olympics - i hope you 'll eventually realise that a lot of people care about international displays of friendly competition more than they care about international displays of political bullshit . 
  i love the sport , and i refuse to connect it with any of the political bullshit , because not everything has to be about politics . 
  i should n't have to care about a country 's current political standing to enjoy a sporting event it hosts - and i do n't . 
  well , they 're not wrong . 
  my position on this is the same as the ridiculous calls for the sochi olympics boycott - not everything has to be about political bullshit , and certainly sports does n't . 
  when i 'm watching the world cup or the olympic games , i 'm doing it because i want to not care about everything that 's wrong in the world for a little while , and all the morons trying to politicise otherwise apolitical events is n't helping that . 
  are the marked cities supposed to be capitals ? 
  why do some regions have several , and some only one ? 
  i 'm ok with this . 
  well , am i wrong ? 
  nobody cared about ukraine a year ago , and rightly so . 
  also , as far as i 'm concerned , russia 's border can be on the oder-neisse line . 
  nobody that matters was inconvenienced in any way the last time it was . 
  a line on a map is n't worth fighting and dying over . 
  centuries of actual history as a russian client-state outweigh a couple of years of military occupation - not to mention the ethnic and cultural ties . 
  it 's hard not to be outraged by the constant suggestions that we get involved in a military conflict we have no stake in and that we destroy our relationship with a neighbouring superpower , all over a limited regional conflict in a country nobody cared about a year ago , and rightly so . 
  because the outcome of the conflict literally does n't affect us in any way whatsoever . 
  * and * it 's russia 's historic sphere of influence , and as such none of our fucking business , and certainly not worth escalating conflict , be it propaganda , diplomatic or military . 
  fuck you and every fucking warmonger . 
  i do n't want to fight a war over russia 's dicking around in irrelevant eastern european countries - let them . 
  i refuse to recognise any politician that 's seriously considering any kind of escalation of this idiotic conflict . 
   it does n't really matter does turkey recognise it or not . 
  at this point reunion is a decision between the cyprus governments one of the `` cyprus governments '' is based on military invasion and ethnic cleansing . 
  the only kind of legitimate reunion can be driving the turks off the island . 
  put simply , i do n't see any way to bring about a proportionate response that would n't result in an all-out war with russia . 
  and , i can only hope nobody wants that . 
  we 're not going to get blood for blood here , and we 've already seen that economic sanctions only punish innocent russians and fail to deter their leadership - so what else exactly is it that you 're proposing ? 
  no , i 'm talking about * refusing to get involved in a war * , period . 
  i wo n't fight for ukraine , i wo n't fight for russia , it does n't affect me in any way whatsoever no matter who wins . 
  i 'm not a pacifist - wars have their purpose . 
  in this case , europe getting involved would serve no purpose whatsoever other than helping the usa continue to play cold war and enforce its geopolitical agenda . 
  i do n't want anything to do with that , either . 
  if russia wants to play empire with its former client states , let them .
