  they genuinely do n't understand that it 's impossible to run a socialist entitlement-based society to the extent that they do within today 's economical reality , and if anyone tries to get that through their thick fucking skulls , they 're screwed . 
  oh , and you forgot to mention the entire country still has severe ptsd from wwii , the yugoslav era and the independence `` war '' . 
  it 's mostly politicians stirring up ancient shit , but it still gets people to follow an ideology based on a 70 year-old conflict instead of deciding based on today 's issues . 
  nonsense . 
  what other culture glorifies capitalism , consumerism and decadence like that ? 
  it 's the product of the unique , american combination of misapplied freedoms and misapplied restrictions - ie , you 're free to be uninsured , the private insurance companies are free to deny you coverage whenever they feel like it , but the government ca n't provide public basic insurance . 
  your culture is full of idiosyncrasies like that , and you 're exporting the most disgusting parts of it . 
  does n't matter , no way i 'm pouring weapons-grade concentrated diabetes down my throat . 
  it 's disgusting how obesity is rising across europe thanks to american cultural imperialism . 
  kind of how fyrom is trying to get the world to accept the fyromian view of history by calling itself `` macedonia '' ? 
  fyrom is joining the eu , perhaps even as `` macedonia '' . 
  that , by itself , should be disturbing enough . 
  the swiss have , at some point , despite their differences in origin and language , adopted a common , swiss national identity . 
  no such thing has happened in yugoslavia - or bosnia-herzegowina , for that matter . 
  `` balkanisation '' is a very loaded word . 
  yugoslavia has always been an artificial state barely held together by kings and dictators , a conglomerate of nations that have never particularly cared for each other . 
  breaking apart into actual nation-states was completely expected . 
  now , bosnia-herzegowina is essentially the same thing on a smaller scale . 
  you 've got catholic croats , orthodox serbs and muslim bosnians whose hate for each other has only been further amplified by a decade of conflict , intermittent war and ethnic cleansing . 
  you ca n't seriously expect a state like that to function . 
  well , bosnia-herzegowina needs to be broken up eventually . 
  it 's a mini-yugoslavia filled with people who ca n't stand each other . 
  why do democrats and anarchists still exist ? 
  they all need to be rounded up and thrown off a cliff . 
  ( notice how i provided as many rational arguments in favour of this position as you did for yours ? ), 
   i think integration courses in germany should also include that women are also real people but that 's racist , by teaching them that people should be treated with basic dignity we 're literally committing cultural genocide . 
  first we tell them not to enslave women , next thing you know we 'll be stuffing them into gas chambers . 
   and as humans we have the moral obligation to not force unneccessary suffering onto animals . 
  no , we do n't . 
  notice how i provided as many rational arguments for this statement as you did for yours ? 
  do you even realise animals get killed in far more gruesome ways than we ever put them through , in nature , all the time ? 
  and by other animals , too . 
  you 're deluding yourself if you think `` humane treatment '' benefits the animals . 
  it benefits hypocrites like you . 
  i 've never understood that . 
  the catholic church is quite prominent here as well . 
  do they want people to be uneducated and afraid of sex ? 
  that makes sense ... 
   bundespr\u00e4sident opens his mouth , nobody cares . 
  oh god what the fuck did i just watch . 
  no , acting on said thoughts with hate or intolerance is considered bigotry . 
  again , nobody gives two fucks about what you think of homosexuals or brown people , as long as you act towards them in a manner that does n't impinge on their human dignity . 
  i 'm in no way obliged to like anyone , nor does not doing so make me a `` bigot '' . 
  not liking them , choosing not to associate with them ? 
  * are you fucking kidding me * ? 
  get it through your thick fucking skulls : you ca n't control who likes whom . 
  you can enforce tolerance . 
  you ca n't enforce friendship . 
  `` bad '' is a horribly subjective attribute . 
  obviously very few people consider themselves bad - everyone has a justification for what they 're doing . 
  so , to paraphrase what you actually meant , according to you , people are only allowed to dislike people based on actions you consider bad . 
  so , according to you people should n't be allowed to not like other people ? 
  turn the volume down . 
  a lot easier to follow the subtitles if you 're not getting contradictory auditory signals . 
   enforce ethnic cleansing yeah , that 'll make a nice final solution to the kosovo question . 
  a bigot is `` a person who treats members of a group they are opposed to with hatred and intolerance '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm capable of * not liking * someone , even * thinking less of them * , without hating them or being intolerant of them . 
  i do n't have to like everyone i tolerate . 
  this . 
  russia as a single state is absolutely unmanageable and a burden on the international community . 
  the eu/nato needs to slowly surround russia , support dissidence against the putinist regime and enable separatism in ingria , karelia , novgorod , caucasus , siberia , the far east , etc. 
  granting that den of drug and organ trafficking gangsters independence was a giant mistake in the first place . 
  personally opposed , not politically opposed . 
  for example , while finding out someone is a homosexual makes me think less of them as a person , i do n't think their equal rights should be denied because of my opinion of them . 
  as an individual , i 'm opposed to homosexuality , i find it revolting . 
  you know what i 'm going to do about that ? 
  not get fucked in the ass by a dude . 
  i do n't care what other people want to do in their private life . 
  if two dudes who like fucking each other in the ass want to call their relationship `` marriage '' , let them . 
  their mockery of the institution has no effect on real marriage . 
  people are n't going to stop getting married just because homosexuals can . 
  the catholic stance on this issue is fucking ridiculous and is just making the church look like even an irrelevant , outdated institution . 
  i do n't have an opinion on the subject , but i have to congratulate [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fa5vi.jpg ) and hope more of those rioting morons follow his example . 
  hint : you 're not making anything better by setting stuff on fire . 
  think of an election as picking the way you 'd like to be governed , not picking what you 'd like your government to do . 
  ( i think they 're protesting against government and regional officials they just elected last year after forcing the last government to disband ), 
  myself , i 've absolutely no problem with european immigrants , as long as they 're actually coming over to do work and be a part of the society . 
  haha , have n't heard that one before . 
  thanks for the translation . 
  says the sauprei\u00dfn . 
  britain status : culturally enriched, 
  got ta go frame-by-frame, 
  this is what deutsch-\u00d6sterreicher actually believe . 
  sweden : [ ordo rosarius equilibrio ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1khal_qc4dy ) germany : [ von thronstahl ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye_jir9pwba ) france : [ derniere volonte ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9-fug3orj8 ) britain : [ death in june ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--7bemjneg4 ), 
  most turks are ashamed of turks in germany and distance themselves whenever possible . 
  the fact that the rebels are a bunch of foreign jihadists who have no qualms with pushing a country into open civil war to achieve their goals ( which * do n't * include democracy , women 's rights and upholding human dignity ) . 
  in a natural language . 
  if we 're going to use a constructed language for its supposed simplifying of communication , we might as well go all the way and mandate lojban . 
  compared to english , esperanto is about as difficult to learn , but has zero speaking base , zero oppurtunity for immersion , and , most importantly , zero native speakers ( or close enough to zero for the intended purpose of adopting it as an official eu language ) . 
  even if it may be simpler to learn as a language by itself by some metric , learning a language `` nobody '' knows is a whole different challenge than getting to know a language a large part of mankind and the overwhelming majority of the internet is at least somewhat comfortable in . 
  you should point out that you 're just spouting israeli propaganda , some people might not have clicked the video and missed the fact that you 're a brainwashed moron . 
  let 's just all use french , except for when speaking to the french , in which case you should use german . 
  a far less artificial and convoluted solution than esperanto . 
  so , you still want moldova back ? 
  it is n't happening . 
  edit : the post i was replying to said `` separatists are the worst . '', 
   sweden, 
  the jews are actually a species of reptiles that eject gelatinous mucus from their torso and mold it into human form to resemble us while they perform black magic rituals to reinforce their mind control over world `` leaders '' . 
  so , can we treat this as their formal refusal to ever join the eu or the civilised world ? 
  killing a sophont is * never * justified , with the possible exception of self-defence against immediate and clearly lethal danger .
