  `` cuius regio , eius religio '' means that the ruler has the * duty * to enact and enforce an official religion , whereas his subjects have the * freedom * to move elsewhere in the holy roman empire , to become the subject of a ruler who agrees with their religion . 
  it 's exit-based political participation , and it amounts to more religious freedom than the present set-up , because people were free not only to believe in whatever religion ( provided they went to live under a ruler that practiced it ) , but also to follow its dictates , which is not the case today . 
  the institution of a secular demotist government combined with all-out radical religious tolerance is more oppressive against any single christian religion than the holy roman empire was after the peace of 1555 , by far . 
   poes law is strong here . 
  really ca n't tell if you 're a troll or an ideological time traveller from 200 years ago . 
  in terms of political/social ideology , i 'm somewhere between late feudalism and absolutism . 
  so , make it 300 years and forget the existence of prussia . 
  that 's ridiculous - it takes far more than decades for a political experiment like that to run its course and become objectively established over the previous order . 
  as an example , look at the transition from feudalism to absolutism , which took the better part of three centuries in ( what is today ) germany - and that was a far smaller change than the transition from absolutism to communism/fascism/democracy , which basically involved destroying the organic state in its entirety and pretending demotism is an out-of-the-box replacement . 
  nobody cared about the outcome , it was inherently assumed that the new system is better . 
  this is a classical example of whig history - the idea that all of history is the history of linear progress from wrong to right , worse to better , and furthermore that it 's a ratchet-like process where any changes are improvements by definition and ca n't be rolled back . 
  i reject that kind of political thought in its entirety . 
   who knows what the future will bring ? 
  only one thing is sure : the boundaries that define the nationstates we all live are vanishing , fast . 
  we agree on that , but it seems you are mistaking `` is '' for `` should '' . 
  just because i observe something is happening does n't mean i have to like it . 
  i think the `` globalisation '' model of the holy roman empire was the best we ever had - a close alliance and ( mostly ) open borders between rulers of ethnically related states , but with no ideological or religious obligations to each other except recognition of a central authority . 
  where there is no common central authority , there are no open borders either , because anything else undermines the authority . 
  you could argue that the eu is a successor of a kind to the institution of the holy roman emperor of the german people , but it at the same time does more and less than he was supposed to - it enforces political ideology ( liberal democracy ) on its members , but it fails to provide for their religious freedom in the sense of `` cuius regio , eius religio '' , and the defence from islam . 
  i do n't recognise any supposedly european institution of authority that does not provide for the defence of european states from non-european religions , cultures , ethnicities or ideologies . 
  it looks to me like `` naturally '' , the opposite of what you want is happening . 
  but , of course , that 's a prime example of the naturalistic fallacy - assuming what you want/like is `` natural '' , whereas the opposite is an offence against the natural order . 
  if anything , absolute monarchy , state religion and ethnocentrism are the `` natural '' way of doing things ( inasmuch as that 's a meaningful phrase ) , at least if you look at the timespan of recorded history those have served us perfectly fine for - in which case , democracy is a radical political experiment still in the earliest stages of its infancy , and it 's in no way conclusive whether it has any real , long term benefits over a traditional organic state besides letting ordinary non-politicians feel like they have a voice . 
   i would rather not have a single nationalist parliament member anywhere in europe so how should this work ? 
  do you just want to remove voting rights from people who disagree with you on this , outlaw their preferred parties , or would you just rather they did n't exist in the first place ? 
  why , it 's pretty much a universal parole for these people . 
  * `` the fascists of tomorrow will call themselves anti-fascists . 
   you can possibly have religious provisions no , the whole fucking point is that circumcission of * children who ca n't consent * , that is done for * no immediate medical reason * should be banned . 
  there are medical conditions for which it 's a reasonable procedure to take , and once you 're 18 , get your entire dick chopped off for all i care . 
  but parents having it done to their children should be illegal , just like any other permanent bodily mutilation/modification . 
  allowing a `` religious provision '' would amount to surrendering to the muslims ' / jews ' claims that religion is genetic , which is not something we should acknowledge . 
  the fact that you summarised the napoleonic wars as `` a short french guy '' says it all , really . 
  yes , they figured out both parties are too slavic to solve it in a civilised manner , and decided to let the adults talk it out . 
  the propaganda from both sides in that conflict is completely ridiculous . 
  * pointing at kiev * : nazis !, 
  * pointing at moscow * : nazis !, 
  * pointing under the bed * : nazis !, 
  * pointing at a closet * : nazis !, 
  that 's not a healthy respect for history , it 's abuse of history if anything . 
  yeah , but nobody gets butthurt over cromwell or napoleon ( the `` literally hitlers '' before hitler came along ) to the same extent . 
  give it another 50-100 years . 
  your data transfer is already implicitly capped by your connection speed . 
  if you have a further cap on it , that means you 're paying to not be allowed to use the connection to its full potential , which is fucking retarded . 
  as you said , those are `` projects they try to take on '' , nothing more . 
  the existential risk of humanity wiping itself out is far more serious than a single non-global war , genocide or human rights violation - especially in cases like the current conflict in the ukraine , where preventing a local war at any cost might be a goal that runs contrary to the main goal of preventing a world war . 
  i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'm looking forward to being liberated by russia again . 
  the year is 2014 and the world 's most powerful anti-communist institutions are the kremlin and the chinese communist party . 
  in the new cold war , the ideological positions are almost precisely reversed , and anyone who claimed to support the west for its ideological stance the last time around is a fucking filthy hypocrite if he still supports the west now . 
  the purpose of the un is to prevent an all-out war between the world 's superpowers . 
  by giving each an option to unilaterally prevent legal military action by others , it accomplishes exactly that . 
  the un serves its purpose perfectly . 
  and a question about living around gypsies , just to see the correlation . 
  if anything , i 'd argue the opposite is the case - society is a racial construct . 
  i was initially exposed to neoreaction through a russian political discussion mailing list i used to follow , which led me to the wider corpus of western traditionalist material - evola , leddihn , hoppe , moldbug , etc. 
  my family are , for the most part , constitutional-monarchist and conservative but tolerant in cultural and religious issues , but not fundamentally opposed to neoreaction either . 
  this was more or less the standpoint of every bavarian separatist i knew up until a few years ago , but i and others have been introducing neoreaction , patriarchy and radical traditionalism , and it is seeing wider adoption , especially in the sense that most separatists now reject independence through working within the democratic system , because that would implicitly lend it credibility . 
  believe what you want . 
  if you want more information on the subject from people who , apparently unlike me , are not trolling , see / r/neoreaction , / r/darkenlightenment , [ the collected writings of mencius moldbug ] ( http://moldbuggery.blogspot.com/ ) and [ recommended reading for neoreactionaries ] ( http://www.moreright.net/recommended-reading-for-neoreactionariesmonarchists/?utm_source=feedly ) . 
  i do n't question the choice of the person , but his actions - none of which he has invoked papal infallibility on so far . 
  for example , before his selection , i thought a jesuit should n't be a pope , but i recanted that belief after the choice was made . 
  because it amounts to being ruled by people who have been educated and prepared for that role since early childhood , who can optimise their rule for good governance as opposed to getting re-elected , and who have concrete personal responsibility invested in ruling sensibly . 
  i trust those basic institutions far more than any written constitution . 
  the person of the ruler itself does n't even matter that much - as long as his reign is set up such that his selfish interests align with national interests , a king who is not literally an imbecile will outperform even exceptional elected leaders . 
  most importantly , i would rather be ruled by one person trained and educated specifically for that role , than 51 % of the population of a country who choose their government based on who did best at optimising their rule for getting elected . 
  doctors do n't hold referendums on how surgery should be performed , ( good ) art is n't created by a committee of non-artists , etc. 
  i do n't think non-politicians have anything meaningful to contribute to politics either - and that includes the current political class . 
  nope . 
  i 'm a patriarchic , absolutist-monarchist , ethnocentric neo-reactionary . 
  i do n't consider democracy or religious tolerance to be legitimate social institutions . 
  clearly , we should win a big war , that way you can dictate what people are allowed to think about you . 
  that 's the only real lesson of that time period . 
  well , i would be a nazi anti-semite if i asserted that the victorious powers of wwii did anything wrong , and i would n't want that . 
  as a matter of fact , plenty of countries did that - including the ones who later asserted total moral superiority and righteousness in bombing germany into the ground . 
  generally , i think nobody else should bear the responsibility for another country 's internal failings . 
  evola is life , evola is love . 
  i would n't know , i 'm not the one responding to inconvenient arguments that hurt my feelings with allegations of racism . 
  it seems to be the go-to replacement for `` i disagree with you '' for liberals , however . 
  can we close the borders now ? 
  at what point does common sense stop being `` racist '' ? 
  you do realise that `` dark ages '' is a historical misnomer , no ? 
  it 's a crude caricature of the middle ages that fails to capture the fact that intellectual , philosophical and technical progress did occur , and in part enabled the renaissance and later scientific revolutions . 
  yes , the dissolution of the ancient empires caused a long-term decrease in the standards of living and education , but their knowledge was still preserved , maintained and iterated upon , in part by that very institution commonly blamed for the `` dark ages '' - the church . 
  nobody relevant in the western world is seriously proposing stoning homosexuals . 
  but , at the same time , we are under no obligation to forgive or absolve them of their sin , much less tolerate its continuation . 
  probably the fact that the overwhelming majority of christian faiths ( including the largest ones ) do * not * `` recognise the natural , unthreatening nature of homosexuality '' - and he is , therefore , in effect defining `` civilised and educated '' as `` those people who agree with me '' . 
  it does n't have ( much ) to do with his person in particular - rather , i view the present situation of democracy , liberalism , religious tolerance etc as a historical aberration to be corrected , and order restored to the realm . 
  in the interest of brevity , i will only list those leaders i recognise as having legitimate authority over me : franz , duke of bavaria , head of the house of wittelsbach : as good as forfeited his rule by refusing to father a successor . 
  will likely be succeeded by his nephew ludwig within the next couple of decades , hopefully to make a real claim to his title and work on deposing the illegitimate democracy . 
  pope francis : in my opinion , the worst thing to happen to the church in recent times . 
  unless the next pope fully recants vatican ii , i will seriously consider formally acknowledging the schism and converting to a more traditionalist sect like sspx instead . 
  ok , i did . 
  would n't wish it on anyone i care about . 
  you 're still operating under the assumption that i care about these people in any way whatsoever . 
  it 's the only process we know of so far that can produce human-level intelligence . 
  personally , i only recognise the house of wittelsbach as the legitimate government of bavaria , and the roman catholic church as the only legitimate authority above them . 
  democracy , liberalism , religious tolerance etc are just temporary historical aberrations while correct societal order is being restored . 
   and you act like the western world has absolutely no fault in that . 
  no , i 'm acting like i do n't care about `` historical responsibility '' and refuse to feel guilty for shit our * historical enemies * did to africa . 
  and even in the absence of that , nothing in the world is enough to make me care about the plight of africans . 
  we have no responsibility to take care of them .
