he did n't do anything worse than the other colonial powers in africa . 
  his only mistake was doing it just as the whole colonising thing began to go out of fashion in the west ( because there was nowhere else left to colonise , not due to any moral concerns ) . 
  well , to be fair , he did win in ethiopia . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say there . 
  because you are not `` your own thing '' - you 're a part of a family , a culture , a society and a nation , and the subject of a state . 
  everything you do impacts all of those , and all others they relate to . 
  by pretending to celebrate occasions celebrated by foreign cultures , you insult both your own by introducing foreign customs , and theirs by crudely imitating it for your personal entertainment . 
  no , i reject that kind of absolute individualism , because , taken to its logical conclusion , it results in complete , debilitating autistic libertarianism . 
  just because you reject a retarded opinion does n't mean you fully support its polar opposite . 
  it 's been said before - multiculturalism does n't celebrate diversity , it destroys diversity . 
  asking people not to denigrate foreign holidays by pretending to celebrate them is n't `` segregation '' . 
   you 're a fucking idiot . 
  10/10 convincing argument , i recant my previous statements . 
  and , while we 're at it - demotism , progressivism , cultural marxism , post-modernism . 
  it 's like adding three letters can make anything sound ominous . 
  ahaha , are you fucking kidding me ? 
  half your states have now re-defined marriage to include homosexualism , but you still have to defend the sanctity of marriage from being defiled by filthy immigrants . 
  america has basically turned into a crude parody of itself . 
  i reject that kind of radical individualism . 
  take a wider view with the same basic set of values - `` ca n't any culture just celebrate its own holidays ? '', 
  the insane commercialisation and secularisation of holidays is bad enough as it is * without * importing foreign ones to denigrate as well . 
  as far as i know , the government of spain does not formally lay claim to gibraltar , and no serious spanish politician is mouthing off about reclaiming gibraltar for spain . 
  at what point does this blatant disregard for regions the kiev regime claims for `` ukraine '' constitute the recognition of their independence ? 
  you ca n't have it both ways , if you do n't treat them as a part of your country you do n't get to claim their territory . 
  normal countries do n't bomb their citizens while denying them electricity , water and state funds . 
  i respect it as well , i just do n't care if other people do n't . 
   this stupid statement is like saying that bayern is a landlocked worthless region in germany . 
  not comparable at all . 
  i 'm talking about the tax revenue - bavaria is a net contributor to germany , whereas western ukraine was a net drain to the 1991-2013 ukrainian territories . 
  not once . 
  nothing but hospitality and occasionally being called a nazi . 
  where there 's a will ... 
  i do n't think mass consumerism should be celebrated , regardless of whether the people behind it are homosexualists or not . 
  they 're famous enough for not all that much without having monuments built to them for free . 
  how many people know the actual inventors behind the technology apple puts in a shiny package ? 
   what you 've said is that because they are physically different that makes them unequal . 
  i could just as easily say the same thing about anyone on earth for example `` bavarians and scots are different , therefore that makes them unequal '' . 
  that 's correct , but i again have to take exception to the implication that this is because of retarded autistic xenophobic nationalism . 
  bavarians and scots are unequal , just like any two bavarians or any two scots are unequal . 
  `` equality '' in the sense you use it does not exist , it 's a mental concept that does not map to reality . 
   as for what equality is there , every single little thing in a heterosexual relationship is the equal to a homosexual one . 
  the feelings the couple have for each other , the activities they do together , the love they make , the arguments , the making each other happy . 
  its all the same , all of it . 
  i do n't know about this . 
  i 'm only speaking for myself , but i 've never had the urge to suck a dick , or take one up the ass . 
  i think it 's not too much of a stretch to imply that this is fairly normal for heterosexual men , and not normal for homosexual or homosexualist men . 
  again , i do n't have any personal experience with being a homosexual/homosexualist , but i think it 's fair to say that there are quite a few areas of life where the two are demonstrably * not * the same , therefore , there is no equality to speak of . 
   and i do n't think , i know they are morally equal . 
  and i do n't believe in an objective source of morality , therefore , i take exception to the notion that you even can `` know '' anything about what 's moral at all . 
  it 's all feelings . 
  you think they should be morally equal because the world being in such a state where there is an objective source of morality that declares homosexuality/homosexualism and heterosexuality morally equal would make you feel good . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  wishful thinking . 
  you do n't have any better argument than the nutcases who have declared homosexuality/homosexualism a `` sin '' because the particular objective source of morality that they believe in told them to . 
  but they are unequal , as i 've just demonstrated . 
  what exactly , according to your opinion , is supposed to make them equal ? 
  what kind of equality is there , besides logical/mathematical equality or the lack of physical difference ? 
  none that i recognise . 
  what you 're saying is that you think * they should be considered morally * equal , which has nothing to do with the debate at hand , and i refuse to sink that low , because i do n't believe in an objective source of morality . 
  in the same way that 1 does not equal 2 . 
  homosexualism involves attraction to the same sex . 
  heterosexuality involves attraction to the opposite sex . 
  that constitutes a difference . 
  when two things or concepts are different , they are not the same . 
  i thought this was fairly obvious . 
  apparently , i was mistaken , for which i apologise . 
   that its not a sin , that its not an illegal act , that its not a disease etc. 
  and that it does not deserve the segregation from heterosexual marriage that it receives in parts of the world . 
  i do n't see how those two are related . 
  regardless of what you think about homosexualism , the fact stands that it is very obviously not the same as heterosexual relationships . 
  this is not `` segregation '' , it 's simply making the distinction - when two things are not exactly the same , they are unequal . 
  this does not necessarily imply that one is superior and the other inferior , but by some criteria , it might . 
  my point is , the people opposed to re-defining marriage in favour of homosexualism have just as much of a stake in the issue as the people who plan on making use of their new-found ability to get `` married '' . 
  dismissing their opinion as irrelevant just because you find yourself disagreeing is intellectually dishonest at best , as is trying to pass this off as an equality/discrimination issue , of which it is neither . 
  the fact that you apparently think a gay man ca n't be opposed to such a rash re-definition of marriage without somehow being `` less of a gay '' points that out clearly enough . 
  do you have any sources on that ? 
  the most i 've heard them claim is the historical region of novorussia . 
  why would anybody want the rest of ukraine , it 's worthless compared to the coastal and eastern regions . 
  i 'm deeply concerned that they 're holding elections . 
  were n't the imported rebel leaders mostly monarchists and white-guard larpers ? 
  i had hopes for a donbass empire . 
  you 're right , i find myself agreeing with that statement . 
  i think the western world in general needs to learn to discriminate more accurately between matters that concern it and matters that do n't - presently , we 're far too biased in favour of intervening everywhere . 
   i mean the physical act of marriage , no matter what your sexual orientation , getting married or ` unioned ' is exactly the same thing . 
  how are they not ? 
  if it 's exactly the same thing , what exactly is it that homosexualist activists are trying to achieve ? 
  make it even more of an exactly the same thing ? 
  your claim makes no sense . 
   wow , how very ` animal farm ' of you . 
  `` all animals are equal , but some animals are more equal than others '' no , you 're failing to comprehend what i 'm saying . 
  i do n't believe in equality or rights - and i say that in the sense of believing something as a matter of fact , not as a value judgement . 
  i do n't think they 're concepts that correspond to reality . 
   how does keeping it separate when it 's exactly the same thing benefit him in anyway ? 
  it 's clearly not `` exactly the same thing '' , otherwise this would n't be an issue , because there would be no need to re-define marriage to explicitly include homosexuality if that were the case . 
   are you saying rights and equality for gay people are not meaningful concepts ? 
  no , i 'm saying rights and equality are not meaningful concepts . 
  no two people have ever been or will ever be equal . 
  laws supposedly enforcing equality are enforcing ignorance of this fact , nothing more . 
  and rights only exist in the context of a government willingly reducing its ability to govern on certain matters . 
  i 'm sorry we 're not wasting our money and lives to help a country nobody cares about fight against a country we have close economic relations with .
