  `` no chance '' being the key word here . 
  ukraine had a bunch of army units in crimea , and a lot more ready to deploy . 
  instead of doing anything , they sat on the border and in their barracks . 
  they had plenty of chance to show the world they intend to keep crimea , and have failed to do so . 
  they can complain all they like , but they 're not getting it back . 
  suffer not the heretic to live !, 
  she would n't dare , putin will just put his dogs panting on the line . 
  she hates dogs . 
  that 's the point though , it was n't an attack so much as a takeover . 
  you do n't get to cry about your national sovereignty when you 're not willing to kill and die for it . 
  leaving soldiers to sit on their asses in barracks by the thousands in the face of a foreign army has n't demonstrated that . 
  no , unfortunately most people do n't enjoy freezing to death . 
  hitler killed himself in a bunker , surrounded by traitors and enemies , cursing the german people for not dying for him in greater numbers . 
  stalin died as the undisputed ruler of much of mankind , subject of a personality cult unrivalled in modern history , as a hero of the russian civil war and wwii . 
  in assuming i like hitler or consider him a competent leader in any way , you 've made a mistake in your reasoning : because my approval of stalin violates your progressive values , you think my appraisal of historical rulers is based on violating progressive values . 
  that 's not the case , because pretty much every ruler who came to power before wwii rejected and violated those completely , regardless of his ideology , skill or accomplishments . 
   murdering your fellow citizens is n't leading . 
  sure it is . 
  as you seem to be using `` murder '' to mean `` any kind of killing '' , you 're wrong unless you 're going to argue that any country that inflicts any of the following on its subjects is somehow incapable of leadership : * capital punishment * privatised healthcare * military conscription * extrajudicial killings * civil war, 
  quick , draw another red line !, 
   actually this is not anti-russian . 
  it is anti-putin . 
  putin is russia . 
  russia is putin . 
  he accomplished his goals , which did n't include being liked by his subjects . 
  if anything , popular approval was just a neutral side effect of suppression . 
  a good leader can lead without the adoration of his subjects - `` let them hate , so long as they follow '' . 
  not supporting him at all - as stated , i disagree with his ideology . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , a government calling itself the representative of the people is just as bad as a government that 's actually made up of popular representatives - either too weak or blinded by its own propaganda to rule its subjects directly . 
  but that 's `` judging '' by foreign values - in other words , signalling disagreement , not judging objectively . 
  can we please stop identifying muslim immigrants with the target of their demographic warfare ? 
  stalin * was * a great leader by any measure that does n't involve progressive values . 
  i disagree with his ideology , but he enacted and enforced an official ( `` lack of '' ) religion , won a war against an existential threat to his country , all the while enacting ideological purges that succeeded in improving his support on the home front . 
  you ca n't judge a person by their fulfilment of values they reject . 
  in what way are belief in representative democracy , an individualistic conception of freedom , the belief in human equality , etc `` minority views '' ? 
  that 's pretty much the common dogma of progressive politics currently ruling the civilised world . 
  my point is , people actually taking two minutes to think about those beliefs and taking them to their logical conclusion ( anarcho-libertarianism ) happens statistically more or less never , which strongly suggests that those convictions are a result of wishful thinking , not belief in facts . 
   you also have even said what you yourself believe . 
  instead all you are pointing out is what you do n't believe i reject individualism , democracy and equality as valid terminal values or concepts that correspond to reality . 
  if i had to enumerate my own terminal values , it would probably be something like `` peace , order , stability '' instead . 
  ca n't help it , it 's not my fault stereotypes are hilarious . 
  i 'm not claiming they need to - but they certainly claim to . 
  a lot of progressives seem to treat individual freedom , equality etc as terminal values . 
  living your life without attempting to maximise the personal satisfaction of your terminal values is as good as admitting that those are n't terminal values , which , of course , is the reality of the situation - religious dogma seldom aligns with people 's actual values beyond status signalling . 
  someone who lives without following his convictions to their conclusions ( extremes ) must not feel very convinced by them . 
  since most individualist pro-democracy people are not radical anarcho-libertarians , this suggests to me that individualism is , for the most part belief-in-belief - which is to say , most people do n't truly believe it exists , they just think it ought to . 
  ( to preempt the complaint , yes , i think this also applies for ` : s/individualism/equality ` ), 
  communism is the religious idea that somewhere , someone might be rich without even having the decency to feel guilty about it . 
  inheritance is the new original sin !, 
  that 's what individualist thought ( be it personal or political ) is - pretending , contrary to reality , that the rest of the universe does n't exist or exists meaningfully separate from you and independent of you . 
  when people take that attitude indiscriminately towards all aspects of life , it 's called autism , a mental disease . 
  using it as a basis for a political ideology ( when taken to its logical conclusion , libertarianism ) is n't much better . 
  what you call freedom is more accurately described as self-absorption in a runaway positive reinforcement loop . 
  you do n't exist in a vacuum , and i reject any autistic political ideology that fails to recognise that basic fact - and modern , culturally liberal representative democracy is a supreme act of wilful ignorance in that regard . 
  i do n't believe in individualism or democracy , and i do n't say that as a value judgement - i do n't believe in individualism or democracy the same way i do n't believe in santa or the tooth fairy . 
  no , i do n't consider it under foreign occupation , because i do n't consider other constituent peoples of the federal republic of germany quite as foreign , and because we 're not under occupation . 
  i do , however , think the number of countries in europe has been artificially and meaninglessly reduced for the last ~ 200 years . 
  i reject the french and american revolutions as carriers of meaningful ideological progress , and with them the idea of a demotist nation state . 
  the organic , exit-based thede state has historically served us much better than the modern dogma of democracy , hedonistic liberalism and radical individualism to the point of self-worship . 
  in the end , people will care when a thede they identify with is directly threatened . 
  for me , ukraine is n't it , and germany in its present form is n't either , but bavaria is - regardless of my disagreement with its form of government and other institutions , it 's a strong enough part of my identity to be willing to stand for . 
  that 's not the case with further , more foreign thedes . 
  the last thing i want is for it to get involved in another war with russia - i thought we were supposed to have learned that lesson 70 years ago . 
  the russian border can be on the oder-neisse line for all i care , i 'm done fighting over other people 's lines on maps . 
  they want to leave russia because of an authoritarian central government that 's ignorant of the needs of its provinces ? 
  yeah , they 'll love china . 
  i wish more of europe followed switzerland 's ideal of not picking sides on stuff that does n't concern you . 
  we should be done fighting for irrelevant foreign countries we have no stake in by now . 
  makes sense , that 's about the time the world will finally realise russian red lines do n't work like obama 's red lines . 
  joke 's on you i 'm a bavarian separatist . 
   what nonsense , there is n't a shred of evidence to support your claim and provided women can meet the same fitness and training standards of our male counterparts look at murder and violent crime statistics . 
  war is the same problem , institutionalised and upscaled . 
  and just like in violent crime , women in war are for the most part victims , not perpetrators . 
  you ca n't protect a victim by forcing it to become its rapist , and you ca n't strengthen a military unit by filling it with professional , trained victims . 
   they already do , genius , either officially like canada where women serve in line infantry units alongside men , or unofficially like the british with women in roles such as cmt or intel being attached . 
  and i 'm sure you , on the other hand , also have plenty of objective evidence to support the ridiculous idea that the cohesion , effectiveness and morale of those units in no way suffers due to their inclusion . 
   i hope you 're trolling , if not then you can forget about getting a wife . 
  this might surprise you , but at least here , plenty of sane women reject the lunacy of feminism and modern gender politics . 
  it takes a special kind of hysterical delusion for a woman to think she should be a soldier , and it 's not the kind that makes a good soldier . 
  there 's a difference between forcing people to do work for an economic benefit , and forcing people to protect their ethnicity , culture and religion from existential threats . 
  i 'm opposed to conscription for wars of aggression , but i see absolutely nothing wrong about it in a defensive capability . 
  it 's the last line of defence on the home front - preventing liberals , pacifists and other short-sighted antinationalist elements from losing a war without a shot fired . 
  in the end , only countries that display their subjects ' willingness to kill and die for their preservation are preserved , and nothing displays that better than a force that will stand and fight regardless of individualistic citizens ' lack of a will to do so . 
  expensive professional armies are overrated when young men are an abundant resource . 
  and nobody is waging a war on that border . 
  you 're fucking retarded if you seriously think putin is about to march into lwow . 
  crimea and novorussia constitute the entirety of russian territorial claims on ukraine . 
  nobody is waging war on my border , and certainly not on the french ( or eu ) borders either . 
  yeah , stealing from russia and breaking a signed contract will really drive home the point that civilised countries have to follow international law or face the consequences , and solidify france 's status as a respected trade partner . 
  great idea . 
  there 's nothing sexist about recognising the fact that men are better at killing people ( and remaining somewhat sane ) than women and that forcing women to compete in society on equal terms with men detracts from their ability to be good wives and mothers . 
  i think every soldier , regardless of his nominal role in the military , should be picked and trained with the eventuality in mind that he might have to fight a war - participate in active combat in the worst of conditions . 
  the job of a soldier is to `` stand between his loved home and the war 's desolation '' , not to force war on our wives and mothers . 
  \\  sweden, 
  socialists are n't heroes . 
  and by `` learned from history '' you mean `` decided to discard reality and treat history as a series of linear progressions from wrong to right '' . 
  tolerable for liberal , pro-democracy people , sure - that 's my point , it 's an echochamber that only amplifies people 's biased beliefs with no view of reality . 
  and like/approve of * religious tolerance * mass immigration * representative democracy * homosexualism or at least that 's my experience , disagreeing with people on these topics tends to result in mass downvotes . 
  if you want a sub that tries not to be an echo-chamber/hugbox , consider / r/european . 
   also , if you support redrawing of territorial borders due to majorities in border areas , then do you also support the independence of northern kosovo and republika srpska ?
