  that 's why we have more than one country on earth , because different people try different forms of rule , politics , culture , etc. 
  not threatened , but disappointed in humanity . 
  when i see homosexuality , or being a `` furry '' , or any other disgusting perversion , i hate all of mankind for it , because it 's everyone 's responsibility to maintain moral standards , and people who fail to enforce social order are every bit to blame as the people who abuse that failure to parade their perversions . 
  i do n't want to restrict anyone 's freedom to prove that . 
  just because i hold myself to a higher standard does n't mean i consider myself any better or less worthy of hate than these people - because , after all , i share in humanity 's failure to contain the degeneration . 
   some people paint art in their free time , some people dress up . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  you live in a society . 
  what you do - everything you do - affects people around you . 
  those people have opinions about what you do and act on them . 
  you do n't get to decide what other people are allowed to think is a `` big deal '' . 
  lukashenko and poroshenko have terrible fits . 
  you 'd think a president would be able to afford a competent tailor . 
  as far as i know , all of them except austria . 
  at times like this , i 'm becoming more and more conflicted between my survival instinct and the will to see cleansing fire rain on humanity . 
  what the fuck is wrong with us ? 
  anarchism as a public ideology , though , has been thoroughly subverted by leftists , as witnessed above , to the point where most of them for some reason do n't even consider anarcho-capitalism to be an anarchist ideology . 
  also , hungary has historical territorial claims on territories currently in ukraine . 
  orban : `` probably be a good idea to enact some emigration restrictions right about now ... '', 
  what the fuck am i looking at ? 
  nightmare fuel right there . 
  prince michael for emperor of europe !, 
  another election they wo n't participate in will really help the separatist areas ' view of the kiev regime 's legitimacy ... 
  i do n't consider there to be a meaningful difference between representative democracy and communism/socialism - they 're both demotist forms of government , a rule in which the government either is or claims to be composed of popular representatives - and neither can result in a long-term stable , orderly civilisation . 
   the fight between x and y is not x spoken like a true proponent of x. 
  i do n't consent to contributing money to people who promote democracy , equality , ethnic/sexual tolerance and religious freedom . 
  thus , my tax contributions are made under duress , at the explicit threat of force . 
  call it whatever you want . 
  at some level , the kind of government that rules a nation is reflective of the kind of government the people can be conditioned into accepting or tolerating . 
  the correlation may be weak , but it 's there . 
  in an ideal exit-based polity , they should leave to become subjects of a government that respects their values , or form one if it does n't exist . 
  since that 's not the case , my advice to them would be the same as the implicit advice to anyone whose party/ideology loses the election or is n't allowed to run in a democratic country : `` suffer what you must '' . 
  there 's two kinds of fascists : fascists and anti-fascists . 
  no , not necessarily . 
  maybe their values do n't include democracy - and there 's nothing wrong about that . 
  there 's no such thing as `` stealing '' from leftists , because their entire ideology is predicated on the idea that there 's fundamentally nothing wrong about theft . 
  different nations and cultures have different values and ideologies . 
  what 's paradoxical about that ? 
  you ca n't expect all of humanity to agree with you , that 's why we have more than one country in the first place . 
  [ better version ] ( http://youtu.be/wnzyvkqgnyi?t=32s ) along with the [ serbian anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wy-tfhcx-2k ) , easily my favourite european anthems , because they correctly and prominently place the popular religion as the foundational basis of the country , with no regard for the modern institution of religious freedom . 
  well , firstly , it has to include nationalism , in the sense of present-day countries . 
  historically , fascists were opposed to ethnocentrism in favour of this kind of nationalism . 
  barring that , there is a strong aspect of statism - veneration of the institution of the state itself to the detriment of the nation it 's supposed to draw legitimacy from . 
  basically , everything i as a patriarchic , neo-reactionary royalist stand for - peace , order , stability , tradition - fascism opposed in some form or another . 
  that sounds wrong because i consider myself right-wing , authoritarian and ethnocentrist ( amongst other things ) , and i 'm opposed to fascism in all its forms . 
  i 'd prefer independence . 
  all in all , i think a lot of european countries are simply too large since the last few centuries . 
  in my opinion , a population of around 10 million is the limit for a thede-based organic state . 
  any larger than that and the state is effectively based on the institution itself - the state subverts the country and the nation it 's supposed to be drawing legitimacy from . 
  this is the same reason i oppose the eu . 
  first of all , i do n't appreciate the implicit assumption that all of the far-right and alt-right are fascist . 
  fascism is a very specific set of ideologies and policies in a whole spectrum of politics considered `` far-right '' . 
  you 're just displaying your ignorance if you use `` fascism '' to describe any kind of right-wing authoritarian ethnocentric ideology - it 's the same as us right-wingers calling obama a `` communist '' . 
  remove prussia , 1871 worst year of my life, 
  if there 's anything we 've learned from this idiotic conflict so far , the correct answer to that question is `` it does n't matter '' . 
  my country is n't independent . 
  there 's two kinds of fascists : fascists and anti-fascists . 
  wrong . 
  a nation is a racial/ethnic construct , with culture and language as secondary characteristics , whereas religion is a cultural construct with race/ethnicity as a secondary characteristic . 
  nobody is born into a religion , they 're brainwashed into it . 
  the best thing we can do about it is to stop treating religion as a `` protected category '' same as race , ethnicity , gender , sexuality etc , and start applying the same scrutiny to it as if it were a regular political ideology , which it is from the point of view of anyone other than its followers . 
  for the most part , those that `` handled it fine '' handled it by either disciplined , forced integration ( usa ) or disciplined , forced segregation ( south africa ) . 
  but if you ask me , those are n't even examples of multiculturalism - both integration and segregation , while sound policies that have their uses , aim to achieve the opposite of the goal of the multi-cultists , which is to have men from different social and cultural groups coexisting in the same spaces . 
  wrong . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_marxism  an outgrowth of western marxism ( especially from antonio gramsci and the frankfurt school ) and finding popularity in the 1960s as cultural studies , cultural marxism argues that what appear as traditional cultural phenomena intrinsic to western society , for instance the drive for individual acquisition associated with capitalism , nationalism , the nuclear family , gender roles , race and other forms of cultural identity are historically recent developments that help to justify and maintain hierarchy . 
  pretty much all of modern social liberalism falls under that definition . 
  if anyone tells me that i should tolerate every culture except my own , and every political ideology except those fighting for the survival of my culture , and that everything about my culture is somehow oppressive and offensive , i do n't care what he calls himself , because he 's a cultural marxist . 
   cultural marxism argues that what appear as traditional cultural phenomena intrinsic to western society , for instance the drive for individual acquisition associated with capitalism , nationalism , the nuclear family , gender roles , race and other forms of cultural identity are historically recent developments that help to justify and maintain hierarchy . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_marxism in other words , a typical leftist/liberal [ explaining away ] ( http://lesswrong.com/lw/oo/explaining_vs_explaining_away/ ) western cultural traditions as oppressive/harmful etc. 
  we 're supposed to tolerate every culture except our own , and accept all political ideologies except those that enable our survival as a culture . 
  i reject that . 
   even more bullshit . 
  no argument there , cultural marxism is , in fact , pure bullshit and should n't be tolerated in any form . 
  it 's not . 
  i hate everything about the sick hypocrisy where we 're obliged to be tolerant towards people whose political religion compels them to be actively intolerant of all political dissent . 
  liberalism is a disease . 
  the eu can not tolerate ideological dissent amongst its ranks , yet demands enforcement of absurd levels of tolerance for foreign , revolting and counterproductive ideals in member countries in return . 
  i support orban not because i necessarily agree with everything he has to say , but because we ca n't afford to grant liberalism and leftist ideologies in general an ideological monopoly in the eu . 
   if russia tries to infiltrate troops ** into a nato country ** in other words , nato , a mutual defence pact , remains committed to mutual defence . 
  in other breaking news , the sun has been spotted setting in the west . 
  plenty of european countries are far too large as it is . 
  in my opinion , somewhere around 10 million people is the upper limit for a thede-based organic state . 
  states larger than that have to use the institution of the state as a unifying point , as opposed to what the state is supposed to be based on - in other words , the state subverts the country . 
  nobody who claims to care about regular people should want that . 
  and the worst part is that given the technology to detect them , [ thought crime laws will probably happen ] ( http://www.overcomingbias.com/2013/05/thought-crime-hypocrisy.html ) . 
  fucking humans . 
  stop the discrimination !, 
  neo-nazis , islamofascists , left-radicals and vegans deserve representation in our governments out of all proportion to their actual population , and disagreeing with them should be thought crime !, 
  what the fuck were they expecting , a friendly greeting and peaceful escort to places where their help was needed most ? 
  haha , `` stop being nationalist and accept our superior values and ideals ! '', 
  america , everyone . 
  liberalism is apparently the 21st century version of missionaries trying to convert the savages . 
  it 's the same moral-crusader instinct and the same feeling of inherent , non-debatable moral superiority . 
  you ca n't compare a situation in which laws are ( to a negligible uncertainty ) universally enforced - ie , national laws - to a situation in which the laws are sometimes unclear , seldom enforced and rarely universally agreed upon - which is the situation with international `` law '' . 
  if someone robs me , i can be reasonably certain they 'll end up getting punished for it to the extent of the law . 
  if someone invades my country , i ca n't possibly expect help from countries we do n't even have a mutual defence pact with if we 're not even willing to put up a fight ourselves . 
  claiming sovereignty over a territory means claiming that you 're willing to kill and die for it . 
  if that claim is obviously and blatantly put to lie by a conquering force , so is your claim to sovereignty over that territory . 
  literally anything besides sitting in barracks or running away . 
  i 'm an armchair politician , not an armchair general .
