  i really do n't see the irony in the fact that popular attitudes towards political issues change with time . 
  you really should . 
  that 's the only legitimate use of a military force . 
  if anything , european countries should adopt japanese-style restrictions on the use of military and war . 
  we 're done saving the world from itself , let it go to hell . 
  all we need is a reasonable deterrent from direct invasion . 
  i was raised and spent most of my childhood in a tiny village , this may be severely nostalgia-tinted but i visit often and plan on moving back eventually . 
  * free access to nature - no , urban parks crowded with joggers and dogshit-fetishists do n't count . 
  * always something to do - put simply , in a city you have to invest money and effort into being healthy , in a village you have to invest money and effort into being a fat fuck . 
  * some people complain about the distance to everything , but , on the other hand , it makes you lower your time-preference , plan out your habits in advance , and makes it harder to surrender to impulses . 
  i suspect this is why rural people are stereotypically more disciplined and peaceful , whereas urban people are seen as unruly and impulsive . 
  can you name a single example where a more hierarchical society and stricter authority has led to a nation lagging behind in technological and scientific development compared to neighbouring nations of comparable size and economic wealth ? 
  with the exception of north/south korea , i can not , but i can name plenty of counter-examples - german empire and france , austria-hungary and italy , japan and korea , ottoman empire and the russian empire , etc. 
  science and technology are orthogonal to voice and demotism , * at best * . 
  if anything , the requirement to [ popularise science ] ( http://boringasheck.com/2013/10/21/science-for-the-epic-motherfreaking-win/ ) and teach for the lowest common denominator in the name of equality causes degeneration . 
  notice what you did there , conflating scientific and technological advances with modern politics . 
  i assert that science and technology develop more or less orthogonally to politics and ideology - we can certainly observe from history that absolutist , fascist , etc regimes developed science and technology at least as readily as their contemporary demotist states - as a single example , during the time of their existence , the decidedly anti-democratic german and austro-hungarian empires led the world in nobel prizes . 
  science is n't advanced by consensus of the masses , it 's advanced by extraordinary people at least two standard deviations above the mean in intellectual capacity . 
  what matters to science is how much education , political and financial backing those people receive , not how educated the other 99.97 % of the people are or how much of a voice they have in politics . 
  believing that progress is one-directional is a very arrogant view from a historical standpoint . 
  do you truly think we 're the ones to finally have all the fundamental political issues `` right '' , and any change in the underlying system should be impossible from here on out ? 
  because that 's what you 're proposing . 
  i do n't know , i 'd rather question everything than have democracy turn into a circlejerk where the vast majority is in manufactured agreement on every important issue . 
  in fact , i 'd argue that in most of europe , this has already happened and should be reversed . 
  in a democracy , even the `` rules of the game '' should always be up for debate . 
  i was thinking more specifically about the french and american revolutions - that 's when the western world as a whole began its decline due to the cultural , social and ideological changes resulting from those revolutions . 
  the massive wars of the early 19th century ( the first nationalist total wars , in fact ) were a result of that . 
  before the ideas of equality , tolerance and gigantic nation-states , wars were , for the most part , fought between competing noblemen over clearly dealienated goals and little side-effects to the general population . 
  in fact , the only previous man-made calamities that resulted in suffering on the scale of the napoleonic wars were religious wars triggered by the idea that people of multiple religions could peacefully coexist in the same area - before the peace of 1555 firmly established `` cuius regio , euis religio '' as a fundamental principle of the new european order . 
  forcing people to enact tolerance and equality ( while claiming to listen to their voice in politics ) has always lead to suffering and slaughter , whereas thede-based societies , organic states , separation and exit rights lead to stability and prosperity . 
  depends on the issue in question . 
  there 's updating your beliefs to fit reality , and there 's updating your beliefs to fit popular opinion . 
  the former is a strength , the latter a weakness . 
  i assert that other than scientific and technological advances , the majority of `` change '' in the last 25 years ( the last ~ 200 years , really ) is the kind that should be resisted , not welcomed . 
  i 'm excited . 
  it 's good to see people disagreeing on actual , fundamental issues on how the political system works . 
  there needs to be debate about it , regardless of your position . 
  i would n't call them `` fascist '' . 
  fascist does n't mean `` right-wing authoritarian ethnocentrist '' - there are a lot of ideologies that fall under that description , and it 's important to distinguish between them . 
  if anything , other than the fact that they have a woman as a leader and participate in the democratic process , i 'd classify the fn as a traditionalist ( neo - ) reactionary party . 
   homeschooling and protections for jewish and muslim traditions in otherwords : the right to indoctrinate your children and permanently mutilate their bodies without consent . 
  no , thank you . 
  keep those `` freedoms '' in your backwards shithole where they belong , with other shining achievements of mankind such as `` gun rights '' and for-profit healthcare . 
  just because you call something a `` freedom '' or a `` right '' does n't make it universal , desireable , or even necessarily beneficial to anyone . 
  stop treating freedom as a terminal value . 
  no thank you , fuck off . 
   you ca n't automate the process of inventing new machines . 
  until we figure out artificial general intelligence . 
   can we focus on the rest of his speech ? 
  i think the part where he purposefully miscategorised the fn to fit his political-ideological agenda is kind of important , personally . 
  i do n't like this trend of eurosceptic and traditionalist parties being slandered as fascist , neo-nazi , etc. 
  it 's inaccurate and it trivialises the the actual problem of far-right extremism by associating them to legitimate political parties . 
  if people end up believing fn , ukip etc are `` fascists and extremists '' , the only valid conclusion to draw from that is `` fascism and extremism ca n't be that bad then '' . 
  and i hope nobody involved wants that . 
  sweden please stop doing this to yourself it hurts to watch, 
   quotes from fantasy novels aside , the problem is that things like media do n't really represent sexual minorities proportionally or accurately . 
  there 's a difference between something being statistically the norm and something being perceived as normal and the difference is artificual and enforced . 
  allowing the moral majority freedom of association normally results in a regression towards the mean , because that 's the stable state . 
  `` homophobia '' and similar perceived failures to be sufficiently leftist are nothing but an attempt to psychopathise freedom of association . 
   heteronormativity is simply the concept that heterosexuality is always assumed default in society which i think is a decent default position , given that heterosexuality is ( 1 ) practiced by the overwhelming majority of humanity , and ( 2 ) the only sexual orientation that can result in natural reproduction . 
   disproportionately to how many that are n't straight what 's disproportionate about it ? 
  overall , between 2 % and 6 % of people identify as anything other than heterosexual , probably closer to the lower bound . 
  i do n't think it 's at all disproportionate to assume the default orientation is the one ~ 95 % of everyone identifies with . 
  i do n't care if the correct observation that minorities are in the minority affects them negatively - that which can be destroyed by the truth should be . 
   this might seem ridiculous to someone who uses jewish as an insult , i suppose . 
  silly goy , [ it 's only an insult if it makes you feel insulted . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhgxoxeqafu&amp;hd=1 ) . 
  as far as homosexuality is concerned , i 'm in favour of a strict no-tolerance approach - which is to say , both parties should declare '' [ no homo brah ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dxxski0.png ) '' before the act takes place . 
  europe ! = eu in its current form, 
  according to leftists , you ca n't be pro-europe without being in favour of eu , homonormativity and every idiotic immigration policy . 
  the point is , by hatefacting the truth about immigration , mainstream politicians are driving people into the hands of the far-right . 
  we do n't yet have the technology to accurately detect thought crime , but `` racism '' is the closest approximation we 've got so far , and leftists are using disagreement on any immigration issue as a fucked-up test to see if you 're worthy of being called a `` serious politician '' . 
  if you want to mind-control people , starting with obvious lies is n't the best idea . 
  but please , continue telling people we 're being `` enriched by diversity '' . 
  at this point , anything that comes out of a leftist politician 's mouth is essentially propaganda for far-right parties that would be considered crude satire a few decades ago . 
  shut up , you filthy homophobic anti-semite !, 
  where are all those turks when you need them ... 
  worth noting : some ad-blocking programs ( such as adblock and adblock edge ) can be configured to also block web-tracking ( `` analytics '' ) . 
  how i pictured this comment : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=maqbyqncu9k, 
  meh , you have the usmc dress blues , but other than that , us symbols are really nothing to write home about . 
  well , i 've yet to find someone who agrees with me on everything , so `` people like you '' is wrong - i 'm clearly the only person right about everything . 
  that was beautiful and incredibly satisfying to watch . 
  loved the slow ramp-up from self-propelled artillery to mobile icbm launchers . 
  yes , a short google search followed by filtering the giant pile of 99 % bullshit that is the public internet . 
  which is n't very easy if you 're uninformed to begin with . 
  that 's why we need thorium reactors . 
   this is why we love our forests and hate nuclear energy . 
   fuck you , i love both forests and clean , economic energy sources ( which nuclear is ) . 
  i 've often heard it put this way : `` bavaria is every bit as german as austria '' . 
  draw your own conclusions . 
  i 'm guessing the time you were exposed to it does coincide , though . 
  many people do this without realising it , but what you 're saying is essentially :  the quality of tv/movies/music peaked at the same time as my emotional and educational susceptibility . 
  take off the nostalgia glasses . 
  is that a statue of midget lenin ? 
  on second thought , should have looked into that before letting any new member into the eu . 
  stop lying , everyone knows the communist regime outlawed summers , clear skies and rural villages . 
  you can be grateful . 
  in my case , it 's motorized lawnmowers . 
  i swear those fuckers have a decades-long running competition for the loudest , most annoying piece of shit to ever defile the lawns of bavaria . 
  meanwhile , my lawn is a vegetable garden because fuck caring for plants you ca n't eat .
