  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavaria#history bavaria has over a thousand years of recorded history as a country . 
  texas briefly declared independence in a plot to steal land from mexico . 
   also is there any way i can get a texas flag ? 
  i think you have to become a country first . 
  you 're not supposed to defend yourself from the police . 
  you 're not supposed to * be able * to defend yourself from them . 
  a monopoly on the use of force on the side of the state is one of the principles of a modern social contract . 
  can we finally just agree that ethnic cleansing is wrong regardless of who does it and move the fuck on ? 
  bro do you even dvorak, 
  again , you 're confusing * corporate greed * with * the technology of gmo * . 
  there 's nothing inherent about genetically modified crops that makes them seedless or patented , that 's just monsanto being dicks . 
  gmo crops are ( can be ) more efficient , more nutritious , cheaper to grow and easier to process . 
  you 're mistaking the technology with its current , corrupt and useless implementation . 
  i 'm as opposed to monsanto 's business practices , but i also realise that there 's great potential in the technology they 're using , and it makes no sense to oppose it just because it 's currently being used in a way you do n't approve of . 
  yes , at a `` dna or synthetic level '' . 
  the only difference is that we 're doing it somewhat faster and more efficiently now that farmers have been doing it for millennia . 
  i 'm arguing for the benefit of seven billion people who are alive thanks to crops genetically modified by humans . 
  without organised agriculture and crop selection ( ie , `` genetic modification '' ) , we 'd still be hunter-gatherers . 
  you , on the other hand , are arguing for a romantic `` return to nature '' that makes zero sense . 
  eliminate genetically modified crops and millions will starve . 
  outlaw further gmo research and the agricultural industry will be unable to keep up with population growth . 
  again , you 're failing to separate the issues of corporate greed and genetic modification . 
  we 've been genetically modifying crops for millennia . 
  try again . 
  i get it , monsanto is an evil corporation that does horrible things . 
  but please , can we separate the legitimate opposition to corporate greed from the anti-gmo nonsense ? 
  we 've been genetically modifying our food since organised agriculture first began . 
  i ca n't take any of the opposition to monsanto seriously as long as it 's spear-headed by the anti-gmo nutcases . 
  from what i 've seen , nazis are easy enough to turn away - surround them with police and counter-protesters and they 'll shit their pants soon . 
  if you let them march around but try to keep antifa out , the anarchists are showing up and throwing a fucking riot . 
  i do n't see how murdering civilians amounts to payback , it 's just more senseless deaths . 
  the real payback was turning germany into a free , democratic country that holds human rights and the rule of law as absolute ideals . 
  the best kind of revenge is the kind that makes your enemies realise their mistake and helps them become better people . 
  as it should be . 
  nothing like watching two groups of shitheads fuck each other up . 
  in germany , police usually try to separate them , resulting in violence from both sides . 
  it may not be good for democracy , but it 'd be good for europe ( and , therefore , the world ) if german left-wing parties have little or no power . 
  those fuckers are crazy and have absolutely no business running germany/the eu . 
  they let the nazis protest , but tried to prevent antifa from showing up ? 
  where would they emigrate the 10 million ? 
  also , the premise is ridiculous . 
  `` people from this country committed genocide , so let 's commit genocide against them to prove that committing genocide is wrong . '', 
  you do n't get to claim moral superiority by being only as bad as the people you 're claiming it against . 
  but austria is more germany than austria ( imho ), 
  austria : `` nope , we 're definitely not germany '', 
  that refers to 10000 voters , though . 
  being ancient greece , that does n't include women , children , peasants or slaves . 
  as opposed to being wasted on welfare for immigrants and breivik 's 5-star hotel ? 
  shut up and join euroreich already , we could use the oil money . 
  a suggestion : if an article can be summarised with `` no . 
  '' , please refrain from posting it . 
  dammit europe , get your shit together . 
  ^ not ^ that ^ we ^ mind ^ being ^ on ^ top . 
  car problems are easily solved with a warm garage . 
  nope , doing tedious , mundane work for 40 hours a day is the pinnacle of human achievement , and do n't forget to grow a healthy hatred for anyone who dares to do something other than that with his life . 
  they do n't even need to learn the language , because it 's * the same fucking language * in a different alphabet . 
  this is petty nationalistic bickering . 
  this is not at all creepy or reminiscent of the ussr states ' flags . 
  hang in there !, 
  we sent a rescue party , but have n't heard back from them for the last 70 years . 
  i 've absolutely no idea what you 're talking about , i 'd just like to say you have a beautiful language and i get the sudden urge to go learn it and write poetry every time i see it written or spoken . 
  3 months and no visible * intent * of ever paying the rent sounds reasonable to me . 
  and it should include frequent visits by social workers , not firemen carrying you out by force . 
  kicking out a fucking rentner after one month is just cruel . 
  edit : rentner = a person on pension, 
  also , it distinguishes a crazy amount of grammatical numbers - singular/dual/plural as well as common exceptions for the numbers 3 and 4 . 
  it has a typical slavic case structure with 6 cases , but the nominative and instrumental case are often identical , and cases are different from other slavic languages significantly where they were modified to fit the german and italian loanwords , of which there are a ton , especially in border regions . 
  did i mention just about every village speaks its own dialect that , to a foreigner , might as well be its own language ? 
  yes , it 's a very interesting language , but from the time i spent in slovenia , i was very thankful that everyone speaks english and understands at least some german . 
  ugh , why would you take the underground ? 
  it 's always filled with working class scum . 
  has britain really sunk to the point where even the royalty must humiliate themselves like this ? 
  if everyone stopped tipping , people would stop working for employers that do that . 
  * all right , the race war 's over !, 
  whites win again !, 
  my attempt at fingerpainting on a tablet . 
  other than forgetting portugal and luxembourg , misplacing the czech republic and concatenating slovakia and slovenia , you got the basic locations and shapes right . 
  also , `` dragons '' is a perfectly acceptable caption for the balkans/eastern europe . 
  because orbanistan is so much better at politics , right ? 
  they called elections the last time the leading party failed to maintain a parliamentary majority . 
  then they elected the former prime minister as president . 
  i do n't think they 're in a position to give rational input on the situation . 
  and the prime minister - who forced the last government to resign and call an election - says resignation and calling another election would be a `` premature move '' . 
  his approval ratings are around 20 % . 
  he 's currently on trial for bribery and corruption in the [ patria case ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patria_case ) , and is believed to have been involved in smuggling weapons across the balkans since 1991 . 
  he 's the prime minister despite the fact that his party lost the last election , because the victor failed to get a coalition together . 
  the leader of the party that did win the last election , the currently favoured candidate for the new prime minister , has also been found by an independent corruption investigation commission to be corrupt as shit and hiding millions of euros in illegitimate profits . 
  what kinda fucked up country keeps electing these scumbags ? 
  sweden please stop doing this to yourself it hurts to watch, 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible , but when the gdp has been in recession for a few consecutive years , it may be time to stop letting students eat and study for free while working for tax-free wages and possibly also receiving state scholarships - and that 's just a single example of the ridiculous overreach of social entitlement programs . 
  and maybe next time around , they should consider electing someone who is n't currently standing trial or being accused of corruption , taking/giving bribes or other financial fraud . 
  i mean , i respect that they 're one of the few former communist states who actually * get * democracy , but this is what happens when people figure out they can vote themselves more money . 
  i 'm pretty sure `` vigilantism '' refers to civilians trying to enforce existing laws . 
  this is n't vigilantism , it 's terrorism . 
  it 's the same as using strong encryption . 
  if only a select few people use it , it 's easy to jump to the conclusion that they have `` something to hide '' . 
  but if everyone used it - well , you suddenly either have to treat everyone as a criminal , or realise that people just want their anonymity respected . 
   he eventually failed to create a new government and now they have a right-wing government , which does n't ask the people anymore . 
  and it 's good that they do n't . 
  and that 's why there 's people rioting in the streets .
