  only if we get pfalz back . 
  if you hate us that much , kick us out of the bund already . 
  put up a wall , prussians love walls . 
  they are genetically different than europeans . 
  that does n't imply that they 're superior or inferior , but it 's obvious that they 're not the same , and it 's further obvious that this difference resulted in a significantly different culture , society , economy , etc - a kind i do n't want replicated in europe by even the slightest fraction . 
  following african demographics , i predict a corresponding rise in african economics , african politics , african culture and african history . 
  if the previous half century has taught us anything , expecting immigrants to meaningfully integrate in any number is plain wrong - it does n't happen . 
  expect more enclaves . 
  and once they 're big enough , they get political power . 
  why does choice have to enter into it ? 
  we 're better off than they are . 
  i want to keep it that way , because the alternative is a regression towards the mean . 
  it does n't matter whether the current situation is arbitrary , a result of personal choice or historical injustice - it suits us just fine and changing it would not be to our benefit . 
   there is . 
  fair is when everyone gets the same opportunities . 
  of course reaching perfect fairness is impossible , but we should try to get as close as possible . 
  no , that 's your idea of what 's fair . 
  mine would be accepting your lot in life , and not imposing on your betters by coveting their success . 
  my taste is the complete opposite . 
  i like the utilitarian look of a clean wall . 
  my utility function values the preservation of the overwhelming-majority status of current ethnicities higher than transient benefits such as the economic output of immigrants - which , on top of that , is in no way certain . 
  it has nothing to do with supremacy - i do n't think anyone 's skin colour makes them inherently better or worse than me , and i do n't see how you could possibly read that from my posts . 
  it 's possible to reject mass immigration without literally believing those people are subhuman . 
  i apologise for the inconvenience . 
  beneficial according to what utility function ? 
  or are you just using it as a vague buzzword , with the implication that it 's an obvious objective standard ? 
  oh , nevermind , i 'm apparently racist for opposing what amounts to long-term suicide . 
  no , but it 's about equally pathetic and emasculating , and equally does n't do anything to solve the thing you 're taking blame/apologising for . 
  it 's basically the secular-liberal version of self-flagellation . 
  sweden yes, 
  these are n't cancer patients , these are people who made the decision to try to illegally immigrate to the eu in boats apparently prone to sinking . 
  i 'm sorry i 'm not sorry , but i feel zero empathy for them compared to native europeans who require medical care . 
  is it really ? 
  the long term trends of the demographic warfare led against us are pretty clear - this kind of immigration is an ongoing battle in a war that could last centuries , that we 're currently conceding defeat in . 
  we 're not talking about cancer patients here , but people who chose to try and come here illegally in boats apparently prone to sinking before accomplishing that . 
  that we even entertain those who manage to get here is an act of extraordinary , selfless mercy and altruism that they would n't extend should the situation be reversed . 
  the notion that we should help even more of them reach us is downright absurd . 
  speak for yourself . 
  there 's no such thing as objective fairness , what you mean is `` i do n't think it 's fair '' . 
  and i disagree , just like i disagree with the notion that it should be fair in the first place , or that we should waste resources to reduce the perceived unfairness . 
  there is no objective source of morality . 
  but , just to entertain yours , i do n't want those people coming here . 
  therefore , they 're breaking the golden rule and we 're extraordinarily justified in reciprocating by not helping them break it further . 
  yes , more precisely , we disagree over whether current european citizens should bear responsibility and pay for the situation in part caused by historical events that some of the people they may or may not be related to took part in . 
  basically , nothing in the world can make me care about the plight of the african people to the extent that i 'd be willing to waste our resources to help them come here illegally , or survive their attempts to do so . 
  better them than us . 
  why , exactly , does the fact that there are different countries in the world and that they care for their citizens to the detriment of others ( if necessary ) need further justification ? 
  they do n't live here , we do , deal with it . 
  it 's not our duty or responsibility to ensure that everyone in the world enjoys our standard , and , subsequently , we 're not guilty or responsible if they do n't , either . 
  it takes a very specific brand of warped , guilt-laced dementia to somehow consider it * our * responsibility to not only accept and tolerate illegal immigrants , but actively help them come here . 
  the case for it is entirely based on empty sentimental nonsense . 
  if we stopped saving them , there 'd be a whole lot less trying to come over in rust buckets in the first place . 
   well we better solve this question pretty soon as estonia has crossed most estimates for not being able to remain a viable population group . 
  how so ? 
  iceland has about a quarter of your population , much more homogenous , too , and they seem to be doing fine . 
   as for estonians not dying out , we simply need to push for a very good economy and maybe have enough funds to economically entice people to have more than 1-2 kids . 
  except better living conditions and more education correlates with lowered birth rates pretty consistently . 
  basically , there 's not much a democratic , tolerant , neoliberal government can do to encourage native population growth . 
  if the russian public opinion is more opposed to these `` freedom fighters '' than the `` oppressive homophobic dictatorship '' , it 's probably a bad idea to give them foreign support , as it only reinforces the idea that foreign agents are working to destroy russia from within . 
  it plays right into kremlin propaganda . 
  the majority of americans self-identify as conservative . 
  the exported american culture you talk about is , for the most part , completely unrepresentative of the average american . 
  seconded . 
  but especially not for oktoberfest . 
  i guess what i 'm saying is i fucking hate tourists . 
   people get a worthless degree . 
  and this is n't entirely their fault . 
  many parents and counselors will advise them to `` study what makes them happy '' . 
  well , what makes them happy wo n't necessarily make them employed . 
  this leads to : people * should * study what they want . 
  university is about self-improvement and broadening your horizons , not job training . 
  it 's absolutely despicable to require substantial wealth , investment or debt to admit people . 
  i 'm talking about myself and , for example , the swiss . 
  i acknowledge that there are several citizens of the eu who are personally effected by this conflict , but the overwhelming majority are not , but rather blindly follow warmongering anti-russian propaganda . 
  i do n't want to fight a war against russia . 
  i do n't give a shit if their borders are on the oder-neisse line . 
  i thought we were done fighting wars over lines on maps by now . 
  peace is preferable to war . 
  thousands of deaths are preferable to millions of deaths . 
  come on , that 's the one lesson we 've learned from the last 100 years of our military history . 
   but since recent events with ukraine , i dislike the side the swiss chose , which is none , as expected . 
  frankly , i respect the swiss stance and wish more of europe stopped picking sides in every damn conflict in the world no matter how little it concerns us . 
  all in all , i think we 'd all be better off if the daily life of ordinary people were de-politicised a great deal . 
  `` i do n't care '' as a stance on issues that do n't concern you personally should n't be looked down upon as inherently less of a legitimate opinion than picking a side in an external conflict your country is at best a third party to . 
  it 's a country . 
  israel , because god knows we need someone with a realistic perspective on muslim demographic warfare that is n't afraid to stand up to the liberals ' wilful , politically motivated ignorance . 
  you ca n't prove russia has a navy . 
  seeing as how the holy roman empire was disbanded , the only authority above the wittelsbachs i recognise is the roman catholic church . 
  i do n't recognise the legitimacy of democratic forms of rule , so i would n't take part in the referendum unless it also specified the reinstatement of the house of wittelsbach as the government of bavaria . 
  ok , let me put it like this : a regional power acting like an asshole is n't worth starting wwiii over . 
  a few thousand deaths is preferable to a few million deaths . 
  in the long run , peace is preferable to war . 
  ( this is where you compare putin to hitler and accuse me of supporting appeasment ), 
   and why is that ? 
  what makes you want to leave so badly ? 
  i do n't recognise the authority of the federal government . 
  i 'm its subject only under the implicit threat of force . 
  the only institutions i recognise as having legitimate authority over me are the house of wittelsbach and the roman catholic church . 
  well , i do n't agree with communists on much , but then again , `` those who make peaceful change impossible make violent change inevitable '' . 
  if there were widespread popular support for independence and the federal government outright refused it , i would fight for independence .
