  last i checked , bavaria has never historically been in russia 's sphere of influence , whereas the ukraine has up until very recently been an inseparable part of russia . 
  my point is , changing a flag on a map wo n't change the ethnic , cultural and linguistic situation on the ground . 
  except that 's exactly what it 's about - a flag on a map . 
  ukraine was also protected , until very recently - by russia . 
  it 's not our fault they decided to be independent . 
  let them be independent now , certainly independent from us , and it 's no business of ours if they do n't stay independent from russia for much longer . 
  have you considered that we only go that far because * we want nothing to do with this idiotic conflict * ? 
  why the fuck would we want to involve ourselves in a war with russia ? 
  it did n't end well in 1945 and it would n't end well today . 
  fuck all the pathetic wormongers in this situation . 
  i will not fight russia for an insignificant region in an irrelevant eastern european country that used to be a part of russia anyway . 
  let them have it . 
  russia 's borders can be on the oder-neisse line for all i care . 
  the civilised world was done fighting territorial wars 70 years ago . 
  they did n't even rape the men ? 
  hardly `` modern european '' , get with the program . 
  rough attempt , i understand slovene but i 'm not particularly good at it : * stannis rodbine baratheon , prvi svojega imena , andalov , rohynarov in prvih ljudi kralj , sedmih kraljestev gospodar , de\u017eele varuh . 
  yeah , 38 % of all the people who can legally vote ( adult citizens ) . 
  it did n't help that the election day coincided with the time most people are away on vacation , i guess . 
  7 of them actually made it into the parliament ( the requirement is 4 % of the vote ) , and only around 38 % of the electorate actually went to vote . 
  think of it as voting `` none of the above '' . 
  they did n't make it , got about 1 % of the vote . 
  as opposed to parties that get created months before an election , do n't have a real programme and are named after their presidents - certainly . 
  the purpose of the unsc , and the un in general , is to prevent direct war between the superpowers . 
  that 's all . 
  any other achievements , goals and aspirations are secondary to that , at best . 
  the un is working exactly as it 's designed to be . 
  it is n't meant to be the world police or to be the ideological backup of a specific superpower . 
  this sub is ideologically hostile to people with those kind of viewpoints despite pretending otherwise . 
  consider / r/european instead . 
  sweden please stop doing this to yourself it hurts to watch, 
  i 'm offensive and i find this very german . 
  / r/nocontext, 
   it 's easy to quantify , and therefor put a number to , cultural diversity when measuring it in terms of ethnicity . 
  but it 's fucking retarded ( and borderline racist ) to measure `` culture '' in terms of ethnicity . 
  that 's basically saying the chance of birth determines your culture for life , and nobody ever integrates into a different culture or grows to like different things than their parents . 
   on another note , why are all of your comments about the us so negative , sarcastic , and just asshole-ish in general . 
  you never have anything remotely positive to say about it . 
  speaking for myself , because i really do n't think that there 's all that much positive to say about it . 
  in what fucked-up reality do people old enough to be in school require daycare ? 
   so i am to explain relationships to you without invoking `` love '' ? 
  yeah , that 's not happening . 
  no , you 're supposed to explain homosexual/asexual marriage . 
  real marriage is n't necessarily about love or relationships , it 's to bind two family lines , encourage sexual exclusivity and promote reproduction . 
  only the first two of those intentions - the least relevant today - apply to homosexual marriage , and only the first to asexual relationships . 
   you 're in this for the debate , not for the understanding of anyone elses side . 
  why ca n't it be both ? 
  i want to understand what justifications homosexualists believe in , but in the end , i do n't want marriage re-defined to include their perversion , regardless of how they justify it . 
  i 'm arguing strictly from an idealistic standpoint anyway , for the sake of self-consistency . 
  i also do n't think divorcees , sterile or asexual people should be able to get married . 
  ok , so you have experience with homosexualism ? 
  please , feel free to explain to me how re-defining marriage to include those kind of relationships makes any kind of sense . 
  while maintaining consistency with your opposition to incestuous and asexual marriages . 
  bonus points : do so without invoking `` love '' , because i do n't think marriage should be about that , either . 
  neither of us have any insight into homosexuals in relationships either . 
  i just ca n't see any reason for them to get married since they already are part of the same sex . 
  and yet , for some reason , they want to , and most states seem to be willing to allow that . 
  i do n't like it , it makes no sense to me , but it happens . 
  if you ask me , it 's nothing but a tax scam , combined with legalised paedophilia in states where they 're even allowed to adopt children . 
  but then again , i also consider divorce to be legalised child abuse , so perhaps the inferential gap when discussing this with a liberal is just too wide to bother . 
  i 've no idea , but i imagine it can and does happen . 
  again , if , according to liberalism , marriage is n't about encouraging reproduction ( which it obviously is n't , since most liberals approve of gay marriage and divorce ) , there 's really no reason for a liberal to oppose incestuous or asexual marriages either . 
  also , `` love '' is a post-hoc rationalisation of inexplicable attraction . 
  it 's useless as a basis for decision making on any topic . 
  same as r\u00f6hm and rommel - for some reason , they love to idolise people hitler wanted dead . 
  in here a gay couple is called a `` swedish family '' . 
  stereotypes are hilarious . 
  i thought liberals did n't care about biological consequences of marriage ? 
  on what basis can you allow a non-reproductive couple ( ie , sterile people and homosexuals ) to marry , but forbid incestuous marriage ? 
  it is n't consistent . 
  the solution is simple - get government out of the marriage business completely . 
  replace tax benefits for married couples with tax benefits for parents - which was their original intention anyway , encouraging reproduction . 
   i 'd really like to see a few specific examples of how you feel this eternal september of western civilization is getting worse . 
  as a specific example , progressives , demotists , liberals and the rest like to draw out scientific development , as if it were n't almost entirely orthagonal and independent of political development for the most part . 
  but , it 's actually a useful example in this case - let 's just take the case of the decidedly traditionalist and anti-democratic austro-hungarian and german empires . 
  for the time of their existence , they collected the majority of nobel prizes in scientific categories , more than all the demotist world powers at the time . 
  it 's true , there is very little concrete observational data that would lead to unambiguous conclusions - namely , the possibility of a direct comparison between a demotist and traditionalist country of similar size , culture and economic power , existing in the same age . 
  which is why much of neo-reactionary historical analysis fails to offer a proper analogy to modernity , instead focusing on ways in which modern interpretation of classical political systems is skewed , biased and wrong . 
  i suppose france in the 19th century is a good example of demotism failing , or not suceeding as much as some of its traditionalist neighbours  i have no idea what trannygate is supposed to be or what happened in idaho in particular . 
  trannygate : moldbug-worshippers and former libertarian `` neo-reactionaries '' failing to exclude a fake woman and an occupy activist from neoreaction . 
  idaho : anissimov quitting neoreaction and planning a neo-feudalist doomsday cult complex in nowhere , id . 
   neo-reactionary theory relies primarily on bad science , historical cherry picking you 've been reading slate star codex , have n't you ? 
  anissimov and burja have published a full rebuttal of the `` anti-reactionary faq '' on more right , along with heaps more of `` historical cherry-picking '' , you should read that . 
   and attracts usually a similar crowd to the libertarians this is a recent phenomenon and one i 'm opposed to . 
  drawing neoreactionaries from libertarian stock wo n't end well , as demonstrated by trannygate and fucking idaho . 
   i 'm not going into the romantical idealization of lost glory that is the hallmark of people like evola or d'annunzio . 
  it 's not so much an idealisation of the past as it is a rejection of modernity and an acknowledgement that the past was more sane and more stable in terms of culture and ideology . 
  de does n't seek universal solutions or pretend to have them ( unlike universalist secular humanism ) , it 's merely pointing out deficiencies - and there are a lot more in modernity than there were in classical political systems . 
   yo 've lately gone full-tilt dark enlightenment have n't you evola is life , evola is love . 
   and you 're complaining about autistic libertarians , that 's rich ... libertarianism is what happens when people are incapable of comprehending or caring about the fact that other people exist and have subjective experiences , feelings and needs . 
  it 's , almost by definition , an autistic ideology . 
   democracy was not imposed on people in a conspiracy . 
  no , it was imposed by `` the people '' in a series of revolutions , coups , wars , genocides and reigns of terror . 
  which , coincidentally , are just about the only things demotism is good at . 
   and how do you prevent this person from becoming the absolute monarch ? 
  or if this person becomes the absolute monarch , how do you remove them ? 
  another french revolution ? 
  no , a class of aristocracy and clergy educated enough to know when their king is unfit and with sufficient power to replace a weak king when there is no other option . 
   wikipedia does not know what that is or did you mean despotism ? 
  demotism is any form of government where the ruling class rules or claims to rule `` in the name of the people '' , or is composed of or claims to be composed of `` representatives of the people '' .
