  and we all know competition encourages progress much more than cooperation . 
  well , at least you 're not a full-individualist autistic libertarian . 
  and they did n't do it with a coalition of town-sized states , either . 
  the greeks also thought fucking little boys was a natural cultural practice handed down by the gods . 
  except the reality does not correspond to a world converging towards that , at all . 
  if anything , we 're seeing an increased push for centralisation from statists , and increased autism and delusional thinking from libertarians . 
  neither extreme is the solution , but in my opinion , for the case of europe the local optimum , as i 've stated above , is far below the current level of gigantic nation-states . 
  speaking only for myself personally , i 'm a pre-spring monarchist ( classical absolutism ) . 
  the wittelsbachs are the only legitimate authority in bavaria . 
  i oppose any kind of integration on any level . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the last few centuries trend towards bigger and bigger nation-states is deeply flawed . 
  around 10 million is the stable population for an organic thede-based states , any government that claims authority over significantly more than that ends up self-legitimising - ie , the state subverts the country . 
  that can even be seen as eu 's open goal , post-nationalism . 
  fuck you too . 
  the current situation was supposed to be a compromise , with the implicit promise that there will be no further centralisation . 
  if there is , i would fight for bavarian independence . 
  well , they still own castles , palaces and family fortunes , so i 'd imagine they live comfortably without having to * do * much in the sense of normal people having to work for a living . 
  no , we still have a living pretender ( [ duke franz ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franz,_duke_of_bavaria ) ) , why would we want a federation with a republic ? 
  bring back real monarchy , fuck 1848 . 
  `` germany '' is just a word thrown around by imperialist rulers as an excuse to subjugate lesser aristocrats . 
  1871 worst year of my life , bavaria strong independent country who do n't need no germany . 
  time for a personal union !, 
  ( also , an independent , monarchic bavaria ), 
  next up , cornwall and the channel islands !, 
  literally nothing , gas and oil make up over 70 % of russia 's exports . 
  you can boycott putin by freezing to death . 
  it does n't have to be prison sentences . 
  as pointed out in the article , it could be subtle things like legally denying employment to people who hold dissenting or `` radical '' political views - where radical means `` racist '' to liberals and `` unpatriotic '' to conservatives , apparently . 
  basically , the party that 's in power gains the tools for immense ideological control , and most people who voted for them out of ideological reasons would probably support that . 
  i do n't understand the point ( if any ) you 're trying to make . 
  i realise how liberal democracy is supposed to work . 
  you 're just openly praising self-destructive tolerance . 
  that 's what happens when you hold an absurd ideal as a terminal value . 
  really ? 
  name a dictatorship where homosexualism is as accepted as you 'd like it to be . 
  in fact , i 'd go as far as to say that there 's a very strong correlation between how demotist a society is and how much tolerance it enforces for sick shit like that . 
  in what way do i benefit from homosexuality and paedophilia ? 
  in what way does a paedophile or a homosexual benefit from the fact that most human beings do n't share or accept their perversion ? 
  tolerance is mutually counterproductive , and an absurd concept as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it 's simple , putin has learned how our red lines work - you can jump over it , you can crawl under it , you can walk around it . 
  western diplomats and strategists will take every excuse * not * to take action against russian aggression , because nobody important outside eastern europe really wants to fight russia over ukraine . 
  except it 's not a victory . 
  it 's everyone 's defeat , the only thing you 're rubbing in is your surrender . 
  with the exception of people who derive sexual pleasure from it , nobody benefits from homosexualism or paedophilia becoming widely accepted . 
  we 're all guilty of allowing it to become accepted . 
  i do n't want to restrict the parades , it 's an ongoing reminder that we have failed as a species to rise above fucking like uncivilised animals . 
  maybe we 'll get there one day , but until then , bring out the dildoes and the masochist sex slaves and parade them all you want . 
  it does n't change anything about your ideology , it just clearly displays to sane people how disgusting and undesirable it is . 
  why would i want to hide that ? 
  let 's let children watch gay paedophile shit orgies while we 're at it , no better way to protect them from it . 
  make it clear to everyone exactly what kinds of sick , disgusting bullshit liberals are trying to make us accept . 
  friendly reminder that they 're both sick perversions with significant overlap and i do n't care enough about perverts to make a meaningful distinction . 
  if you want to call it that , it 's a `` democracy '' in the same sense that the holy roman empire was a democracy - the ruler is , in the vast majority of cases , elected for life , and both candidacy and suffrage have high criteria and are only available to the aristocracy/the political class . 
  democracy as we understand it today ( ie , the thing i 'm arguing against ) is based on universal suffrage , universal right to stand for election , constitutional rule and term limits . 
  and at that point , the ruler loses the mandate of heaven ( or the equivalent in his culture ) , and is replaced with a more suitable one by the political/aristocratic class - without a revolution , rule of terror , purges , etc. 
  `` less than 50 % '' being totally unhappy if the remaining 51 % can use it to systematically stack the social order against them . 
  if a tiny minority is in power , they 're unlikely to piss everyone off in a big way , or if they do , they 're unlikely to stay in power too long - whereas democracy , by ensuring the tyranny of the 51 % , implicitly gives them the power to continue the oppression indefinitely . 
  totalitarian , yes ( or rather , absolutist ) , but not fascist . 
  fascism is a very specific set of ideologies and policies , and one i oppose for the most part . 
  if you use `` fascism '' to mean any kind of right-wing ethnocentric authoritarianism , you 're just displaying your ignorance - by that standard , most governments in human history , including ones millennia older than the word `` fascism '' , are fascist . 
  fun fact : given the technology to detect and enforce it , [ thought crime laws will happen ] ( http://www.overcomingbias.com/2013/05/thought-crime-hypocrisy.html ) . 
  fuck humanity . 
  pretty much everything i hold as a terminal value - peace , order , stability , tradition - fascism opposed in some form or another . 
  you 've just described the exact same situation i 'm in right now - i 'm a subject of a government whose legitimacy i do n't recognise , forced to contribute taxes to various causes i hate , no chance of legally enacting the kind of changes i want , etc. 
  i 'd be willing to take my chance with a government closer to my ideals . 
   if you define things to mean something else , they mean something else in other words , your last sentence amounts to `` if x is true , then x is true '' . 
  a meaningless statement . 
  well , let 's take an analogous situation : i do n't want to pay taxes to a government i do n't recognise that promotes just about everything i hate including ethnic , sexual and religious tolerance . 
  what can i do ? 
  roll over and take it under threat of force . 
  that 's the only thing anyone can do under a government they do n't have the power to change . 
  i do n't see how your hypothetical situation is in any way hypothetical or exclusive to non-democratic forms of government . 
  the exact same situation applies to being overruled by a constitutional majority in a democratic republic - except that that situation is , historically speaking , far more likely . 
  the only difference is , a constitutional democracy will normally pretend that you have rights , as opposed to an absolutist king openly and correctly declaring that he grants you privileges . 
   in the netherlands we have a fascist party , we have a communist party and we even had a pedophile party . 
  yes , such degeneracy and perversion is only legal and possible in liberal democracies , thank you for reminding me why i hate everything about this form of misgovernment . 
  i do n't want to live in a country where fascists , communists and homosexualists can openly parade their sick ideologies . 
  a government that is n't so weak it needs to hide behind a constitution and `` consent of the governed '' to actually rule its subjects . 
  a government that can do its job without having to misoptimise it for getting re-elected instead . 
  a government that can further the interests of the country it 's governing without needing to concern itself about the selfish interests of its individual subjects . 
  a legitimate government is a government that can , when necessary , rule despite the will of the people , not in accordance with it . 
  i disagree with the principle of constitutional rule . 
  it 's just a paper-thin abstraction over reality - there is no such thing as rights . 
  it 's a concept that does n't correspond to reality in any way . 
  you do n't have rights , the government has limitations on its rule it 's currently willing to abide by . 
  an absolutist ruler is much more upfront about that . 
  i want a government whose workings are unambiguous , clearly laid-out and with as few failure points as possible - and having to optimise your rule for getting re-elected every n years is such a gigantic failure point it 's basically a failure mode . 
  it 's not democracy because it would n't be composed of people 's representatives and it would n't subject itself to the will of the regular people , it would n't feature voice-based political participation , and , unlike most democracies today , it would feature full exit rights . 
  i do n't participate in elections , because i do n't consider democracy to be a legitimate form of government , and i consider participating to be implicit support for it . 
  also , i do n't recognise the current bavarian/brd governments - i subject myself to their rule under the threat of force , property confiscation and prison . 
  i also think social/gender roles , a hierarchical society and a social/cultural unity between the rulers , the mass media class and the regular people are fundamentally good ideas , so we really do n't have much common ground to discuss differences on . 
  i do n't want anyone to stop it . 
  i want a real , fair competition between different types of rule , and i do n't want any global preconceptions as to which one is supposed to be better or preferable . 
  in my eyes , a world in which everyone believes democracy is the only legitimate form of rule is a failure . 
   if orb\u00e1n were active in germany , the federal office for the protection of the constitution would likely be pursuing him for his anti-democratic activities . 
  it is time for germany to promote its constitutional principle of wehrhafte demokratie , a democracy capable of defending itself , to the entire eu . 
  but he 's not active in germany , that 's the point . 
  i really dislike the tone of this article , and it feeds into the reason i oppose eu as well - it 's turned from economic integration into a political hivemind . 
  i do n't want `` liberal democracy '' to be the only acceptable political system for member-states , or in europe or the world . 
  there should n't be a monopoly on what people are allowed to think is a legitimate government .
