  countries that make those claims in name only are included because even needing to claim as much implies they 're too weak to rule their subjects directly . 
   but i thing that can be attained by a social contract in politics , without the need to bring in religion . 
  i would argue any social contract that turns out to be as well adhered-to and long-term stable as religion amounts to a state religion by itself . 
  at some point , secularism that works becomes post-secularism . 
  only relative to the progressive-demotist political paradigm . 
  in my political spectrum ( reactionary/monarchist ) i 'm pretty much exactly centrist . 
  i refuse the classification in progressive-demotist terms because i refuse all association with or recognition of progressive-demotist systems of government . 
  i do n't give a shit if sanity in historical terms is considered `` radical authoritarianism '' by progressive politicians - that 's a problem with the modern world , not with policies that have demonstrably resulted in stable , working governments for millenia - a time scale on which demotism , secularism etc still ca n't be considered anything but ill-concieved experiments in their troubled infancy . 
  i really do n't want politicians to be representatives so much as executives . 
  i could n't care less if politically uneducated people feel properly `` represented '' as long as they 're properly governed . 
  democracy forces us to compromise in government so ordinary people get to feel like their idiotic voice is being listened to . 
  i 'm of two minds regarding the french revolution - on one hand , it represents everything i hate in terms of political ideology , having started the trends of demotism , secularism and nationalism in europe - but , on the other hand , france did have the misfortune of an exceptionally unfit ruler at the time . 
  i 'll put it this way - i disapprove of demotism , nationalism , secularism and religious freedom slightly more than i disapprove of louis xiv as a ruler . 
  you do n't have to . 
  you only need a system where the rulers ' ( or ruler 's ) selfish interest aligns with national interests . 
  this is certainly and obviously not the case in a representative democracy , communism , fascism or any other form of demotist government . 
  you need a system , where , in law and in effect , the ruler * is * the state - enlightened absolutism . 
  the only way for a country to be misruled in that case is if the ruler is genuinely incapable of doing what he wants to do , in which case he 's unfit to rule in any kind of government anyway . 
  i also categorically reject all political thought conceived during the american and french revolutions and its ideological successors , but that 's a different subject . 
  to quote evola , * `` my principles are only those that , before the french revolution , every well-born person considered sane and normal . 
  personally , i 'm currently in favour of a mix of natural aristocracy and meritocracy . 
  at the very least , a `` democracy '' with participation restricted to people educated and capable of meaningfully contributing to politics - you know , like in every other field of human endeavour . 
  we do n't let people vote on how surgery should be performed or how pilots should fly planes , i do n't see why politics should be any more open to participation by uneducated people with selfish vested interests . 
  ah , got it . 
   right . 
  that 's why the compass is being promoted in western democracies . 
  we do n't pretend that , for example , the responses of a citizen of a rural region of china can undergo the same evaluation process . 
  as i consider myself neither culturally `` western '' in the sense of the implied meaning , nor in favour of democracy , consider the above result invalid and unrepresentative . 
  i think especially the economic part contains a bunch of loaded questions than unfairly skew towards the `` left '' if you have the slightest bit of social conscience ( ie : if you are n't an autistic libertarian ) , which is a misrepresentation of my political beliefs as far as economic policy is concerned . 
  as far as social views are concerned , i guess i must live in an echo chamber , because most people i talk to consider me to be in the middle ground between absolutism and meritocracy - certainly not 92 % of the way to whatever the extreme `` authoritarian '' view is supposed to represent on this graph . 
  this is a bad quiz and you should feel bad . 
  but here it is , anyway . 
  or , if you look at it from an anti-democratic perspective , sceptical of a hammer because people are trying to use it to cook potatoes . 
  that fucking churchill quote . 
  completely unrepresentative of his actual views on democracy . 
  try `` the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter '' instead . 
  i hereby identify as a giraffe . 
  who are you to judge whether i should be treated as such ? 
  at some point , the absurdity is so obvious it serves nobody to continue to ignore it . 
  people who identify as the wrong gender is such an example , and there are two obvious solutions to me : either change your genitalia to better match your identity , which you supposedly want , or acknowledge that your `` identity '' is , in fact , made up bullshit . 
  to allow anything else is enabling hypocrisy and degeneracy . 
  if it 's a real identity , let them treat it by actually making the change . 
  if it 's made up bullshit and they 're not actually willing to make the change , there 's no reason to humour it . 
  i do n't recognise the imagined difference between the concepts of biological sex and gender . 
  i think if the state is going to recognise `` transsexuality '' at all , it 's perfectly reasonable to ask people who think they 're transgender to either go through with it or shut the fuck up . 
  he was a pan-german . 
  he could have done a lot more to prevent the prussian takeover - bavaria was certainly positioned favourably and had the connections to put up active resistance . 
  \\  haploshit \\  implying implications slav harder, 
  as far as i 'm concerned , no . 
  a forceful interference in a foreign country 's internal affairs is never justified . 
  as long as they 're killing each other , leave them to it . 
  with their semi-alliance with britain , and germany 's de facto alliance with japan , they had a justification regardless . 
  it had nothing to do with the holocaust either way - you do realise the allies were unaware of the full scope of the atrocity until after the war , yes ? 
  hitler declared war on the us . 
  france and britain declared war on germany because hitler invaded poland . 
  completely different situation . 
  i 'm not arguing in favour of a universal system . 
  what works for britain may have no place in bavaria , and the other way around . 
  personally , i feel if we 're going to rid ourselves of degeneracy , women being in charge of anything might as well go too . 
  gender roles are , in principle , a good idea . 
   here is how i visualize german people ( including / u/zankerh ) in the mid 1990 's watching serb 's slaughter civilians 900 km 's away : `` helga , can you please pass me the popcorn ? '', 
  correct . 
  it was none of our fucking business . 
  that 's the `` let it go to hell '' part - i reject the responsibility to save the world from itself . 
  i feel people in western society as a whole need to get better at recognising when something does n't concern them . 
  to quote julius evola , * `` my principles are only those that , before the french revolution , every well-born person considered sane and normal . 
  '' * - i 'm a neoreactionary , i reject all forms of government that rule or claim to rule in accordance with the will of the people , or where the government is composed of popular representatives . 
  i 'll have you know i oppose naziism/fascism on the same grounds as i oppose democracy and communism - i do n't make differences between demotist regimes . 
  i think a system of electors like in the holy roman empire is probably the most long-term stable way of ruling a loose federation of monarchies , theocracies and republics - firstly , as the emperor is a monarch , only monarchs get a vote , and only some of the monarchs get to run . 
  religious authorities have to approve a candidate , but can not propose one themselves . 
  the emperor is elected for life , but the position is not heritable - that way , the choice of the emperor can reflect the natural and changing balance of power of the federal subjects . 
  the political will of ordinary people is disregarded . 
  their ideology , opinions , hopes and dreams are worth nothing . 
  but he seriously needs to get his children in order . 
  it would be a shame if we reinstated monarchy only to have to degenerate it to allow female monarchs . 
  mostly due to conquest 's second law - every institution not explicitly right-wing succumbs to leftward drift eventually . 
  it 's not a guarantee by any means , but monarchy and nobility have , looking at history , been one of the most efficient and long-term stable methods of preserving and/or restoring traditional power structures and social roles . 
  i look at politics through three fundamental principles i 'd like an ideal government to optimise its rule for - peace is preferable to war , order is preferable to chaos , stability is preferable to progress . 
  because i feel a constitutional monarchy is a pointless exercise in pretending to be something you are n't - an insult to the institutions of royalty and nobility . 
  i think exit and dissolution is the only sensible future for german-speaking people . 
  the states of the brd going independent would be a good first step , but eventually something like the patchwork of the holy roman empire would be best for everyone involved . 
  yes , we meet tuesday afternoons at bernd 's place . 
  sometimes he does n't show up . 
  i do n't care , let them rule prussia . 
  why would i want a prussian monarch on the bavarian throne ? 
  i do n't live in a monarchy , but i wish we could re-instate it . 
  we even have a [ living pretender ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franz,_duke_of_bavaria ) . 
  and not a constitutional monarchy , either , i want a monarch with actual power . 
  independence from germany as a precondition goes without saying . 
  that was communist russia . 
  i 'm talking about putin 's traditionalist russia . 
  less persecution of religion and anti-communists , more persecution of homonormativity , liberalism and feminism . 
  it 's the german name of the [ federal republic of germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_republic_of_germany ) , a state i do n't recognise as having legitimate authority over bavaria . 
  my home is de facto under jurisdiction of a country i do n't want it to be ( brd ) , and yet , staying here means more to me than leaving to live under a less horrible government . 
  i would n't mind independence or liberation by russia or another traditionalist state , but i 'm sure as fuck not moving . 
  if you 're a permanent resident there , are n't you eligible for russian citizenship now ? 
  i 'm just saying , the fact that willy wonka does n't recognise the referendum and annexation does n't mean they did n't happen , and he 's sure not in a position to do anything about it . 
  so much for his `` peace pledge '' . 
  did n't lavrov say that recognition of crimea and the city of sevastopol as russian federal subjects was a precondition for any dealing with the kiev regime ? 
  in the same sense that it 's `` historically ironic '' that americans are , for the most part , opposed to slavery , segregation and eugenics .
