  how does a gay man who is apparently opposed to re-defining marriage to include homosexual unions benefit from the re-definition in any way ? 
  also , i do n't agree with the implication that re-defining marriage in this manner somehow extends rights or equality , or that those are meaningful concepts in the first place . 
  how does a gay man become `` shit '' at being gay ? 
  is n't the only criterion finding other men sexually attractive ? 
  i 've lived in russia for a couple of years , and speak russian fluently ( but can only read/write russian slowly ) , and have several russian friends and colleagues . 
  also , i identify a lot more with the russian perspective on current events than the western mainstream media narrative . 
  \\  but you 're russian . 
  are you thankful for this cultural enrichment , or are you a retarded xenophobic nationalist ? 
  at least i 'm not an australian . 
  where i grew up , left-wing politics , leftist culture , and anyone who helped spread them were recognised as enemies . 
  these days such people are called `` politicians '' . 
  the west can be said to have won the cold war in terms of economy and government , but if you look at it as a conflict of ideologies , everyone lost - the west is hurriedly embracing the once hated ideas of progressivism , while much of the eastern bloc has reverted to steady-state conservatism , if not outright reaction against `` moral progress '' as defined by the modern branch of hyperleftism . 
  i bring this up because in my youth , everyone i talked to about politics insisted that this was , in fact , an ideological conflict - being eager not to appear nationalist , the enemy was defined as an ideology , not a race or a nation . 
  after the end of the cold war , it became obvious that this is not the case - the ideologies are flipped , but the enemy they want us to hate remains the same . 
  we are at war with eurasia , as we have always been at war with eurasia !, 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  also , why the fuck are we even considering ukraine ? 
  have n't we learned anything from greece ? 
  pissing off a powerful neighbour * and * further fucking up the economy by accepting a piss-poor shithole , perfect . 
  fuck everything about this dysfunctional , unholy union of self-serving bureaucrats , hyperleftists , postnationalists and cultural degenerates . 
  i do n't tip . 
  ever , anywhere . 
  i do n't give a fuck what the local `` tipping culture '' is . 
  tipping is , by definition , charity on the part of the customer , and i will not be guilt-tripped into charity . 
  if you want a living wage , strike for a living wage , do n't guilt-trip your bosses ' customers into it . 
  i 'd rather get normal service knowing the waiting staff have decent working conditions without relying on my charity than subjecting myself to the guilt-trip of tipping . 
  [ i love you ebola-chan !, 
  the internally-ukrainian `` legal method '' consisted of a nation-wide referendum - which obviously would have failed because of the nationalist western-ukrainians . 
  that method also runs counter to the principle of self-determination . 
  the reason crimeans wanted out in the first place is because ukrainians were making decisions for them . 
  this is exactly the `` get abusive spouse to agree to a divorce '' scenario . 
  exactly . 
  in other words , the following facts make the analogy invalid : * there is no such thing as a world police ( or a very reliable enforcement mechanism for international laws , at all ) * even if there were , unlike a national police force it could never have a reasonable monopoly on the legitimate use of force , because every relevant country has an army designed with the express purpose of making forceful foreign intervention too costly to be worth it . 
  no , the police should come and evict you , incapacitating you if you resist . 
  the situation you described is n't analogous at all , because there is no reliable enforcement mechanism of this kind for international laws and agreements . 
  that 's a ridiculous argument . 
  it has been annexed , regardless of whether anyone thinks it 's legitimate and regardless of what maps say . 
  repeating a lie does n't make it real , and stating the truth does n't mean you approve of it . 
   it only is n't because some people are n't trustworthy . 
  if the reason why an idea or concept does n't work is `` because people '' , that 's a problem with that idea , not with people . 
  actually , international relations would be a lot better off if we stopped pretending that that 's not the case - a law that is n't being enforced ( or even has no mechanism for enforcement ) is , in effect , not a law . 
  just like national laws are enforced by the explicit threat of force and punishment , international laws can only be enforced by explicit threats of sanctions and wars . 
  those that are n't will only be obeyed when doing so is convenient for everyone involved . 
  it is , de facto , a part of russia , and is likely to remain so . 
  i do n't see why a map that accurately represents reality warrants an apology . 
  in effect , fifa apologised for correctly portraying the fact that russia took over crimea . 
   these pacts like any justice system are not natural laws , they only work based on the trust that people will respect them . 
  when people start breaking them we have a serious problem . 
  in other words , they are n't worth the paper they 're written on . 
  the only kind of international law that works is laws that signatories have an interest in enforcing . 
  the budapest memorandum had no reliable enforcement mechanism . 
  it would have been hard ( but not impossible ) for ukraine to defend , because of existing russian naval and army presence . 
  now that hostile forces have been completely expelled and with the ukrainian navy essentially non-existent , it 's a pretty defensible position , with only a narrow stretch of land connecting it to what 's left of the ukraine . 
  basically , i think if ukraine put up a fight for crimea * at all * , the annexation would n't happen , because that was the actual russian army , and they 'd have to acknowledge a state of war between russia and the ukraine , which wo n't happen . 
  that 's correct , but i can only imagine how absurd this line of reasoning would sound to an 18th century noble explorer . 
  `` wait , you mean we should n't settle this place , because these uncivilised people will eventually come to threaten our homeland ? 
  and our people will feel debilitating guilt for having ` oppressed ' them ? 
  how high are you right now ? '', 
   ukraine reliquished it 's nuclear capabilities under the promiss they would not be invaded . 
  no , they gave back the nuclear weapons the ussr left behind on ukrainian territory because they had no way of using them . 
  the activation and deployment infrastructure was all in russia , just as the weapons themselves were made in what 's currently russia . 
  the budapest memorandum is n't a defence pact , it 's only a weak-worded promise that any aggression against ukraine will be referred to the un . 
  * the rest of the eu * should expell israeli diplomats . 
  the point is to be exactly as childish as they 're being , as this is apparently the only way that state is capable of conducting diplomacy . 
  we should expel them from the rest of the eu as well . 
  this is , in effect , an immature tantrum , and the response should be in kind , because it 's the only language they understand . 
  fifa is n't a un agency , it 's a football federation , and it 's in its interests to respect the claims of whatever country it 's working in . 
   ( which actually have precedence over russian internal law ) international laws and treaties with russia are n't worth the paper they 're written on , in case you have n't noticed yet . 
  credible lethal force has always been the only thing that matters . 
  delusional western philosophers to the contrary , history did n't end , nothing has changed other than the balance of power . 
  the force in question does n't have to be nuclear . 
  russia would n't have gotten away with taking crimea if ukraine had just displayed a basic will to kill and die to protect its territorial integrity , as opposed to doing nothing . 
  they allowed the annexation , by any reasonable interpretation this constitutes renouncing their claim to it . 
  nobody else will protect a formal claim even the claimant itself is n't willing to defend forcefully . 
  i have read mein kampf , and , for the most part , dismissed its premises . 
  hitler was naive and too quick to jump to conclusions . 
  if we 're going to use political authors as talking points , i identify more with metternich , clausewitz , leddihn and hoppe . 
  unrestricted immigration is , in effect , demographic warfare . 
  life is war , and i see no reason to sidestep that fact with polite euphemisms . 
  also , it could be solved through the appropriate application of military force in a self-defence role , namely , properly securing the borders . 
  retarded xenophobic nationalist here ( also according to people on the internet : nazi , racist , communist , islamophobe , eurosceptic , eu shill , russophile , russophobe , anti-semite ) . 
  no internal borders would be a great thing to have , if the external borders were closed down and properly policed . 
  and i mean in both directions . 
  as it is , i can understand getting rid of internal customs , but losing border controls altogether is tantamount to surrender . 
  i do n't think so - i think the current situation - ie , the one you associate with the term `` freedom of religion '' is the opposite . 
  you 're `` free '' to believe a greater subset of religions , but you 're only free to obey the dictates of one , the german basic law . 
  any religion that disagrees with it in any way , you can believe all you like , but you 'd better not act on your beliefs . 
  that 's not freedom , it 's , as you accuse , the opposite of freedom . 
  freedom of religion * has to * include the duty of the ruler to establish and enforce a state religion , so that you 're free to believe * and * obey . 
  one without the other is just oppression under another name - either the present combination of not being able to act on your beliefs , or the reverse , being forced to obey a religion you do n't believe in . 
  in the context of religious freedom , voice-based participation does n't work , you need exit-based polities , or you just have a theocracy under a progressive-friendly name . 
  you sacrifice on the altar of mammon , and force the followers of every other god to do the same while pretending to allow them to practice their own religions . 
  what , are n't you thankful for this cultural enrichment ? 
  at least it 's nowhere near as embarrassing and delusional as feminism itself . 
  but that 's not saying much . 
   it resembled a tribal federation more than an alliance . 
  there were lots of internal wars that ravaged the hre , it rarely acted in common interest it was a loose imperial federation . 
  the institution of the holy roman emperor of the german people was supposed to defend its subjects from external threats , but internal conflicts were either permitted , or the emperor intervened by taking a side in them . 
   that 's got to be the most perverted definition of `` religious freedom '' i 've ever come across . 
  it means that people are allowed to worship whatever they fucking please , not the freedom of the state to enforce it .
