  legally from the standpoint of the international community . 
  as far as russian law is concerned , it 's been annexed , and as far as reality is concerned , it 's controlled by russia and governed by russian laws . 
  regardless of whether anyone else recognises the fact . 
  in other words , international recognition of crimea 's status is as meaningful as international recognition of the fact that the earth is round - it has no effect on reality . 
  and i do n't recognise the fact that the earth is round . 
  does n't change the facts on the ground . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm no fan of putin . 
  but pretending the annexation did n't happen is an idiotic response . 
  meh , belarus has always been much closer to russia diplomatically than ukraine . 
  as long as they can fend off any euromaidan-style activist-protest-coups , they should be safe . 
  not trying to force democracy on slavs goes a long way ... 
  holy shit , russian aircraft flying over russian-claimed and de facto controlled territory ? 
  breaking news : we have unconfirmed reports that there were russian pilots inside , too !, 
  on the other hand , slavic languages are pretty similar to each other , much more so than germanic ones . 
  learned russian , found out i already understood a lot of of czech and slovene without even trying too hard . 
  something resembling the holy roman empire - an overarching authority over a patchwork of hundreds of clearly delimited , thede-based polities with complete autonomy over internal affairs , including official currency , language and religion . 
  the central authority would mediate in trade , wars and conflicts between sovereign member-states , and ensure no single state ever gains significant power ( possibly with a population cap at around 5 million ) . 
  the one piece of internal autonomy member-states would be forced to give up is allowing the central authority to enforce full exit rights within the patchwork . 
  other than that , the central authority treats its member-states as a coalition of electors and heads-of-state , with no insight or interference with internal affairs whatsoever . 
  there would be no europe-wide political parties or ideology . 
  europe would only be unified from the outside point of view . 
  yeah , this is playing right into the russian narrative of eu pushing its ideology and politics and surrounding russia . 
  i can almost smell the depression . 
  can confirm i 'm surrounded by drag queens , atheist sodomites and incestual homosexuals . 
  that feel when stuck between atheist sodomites , drag queens and angela merkel . 
  funny , here it 's mostly the right-wing and far-right that supports , approves of or is not opposed to russia 's actions . 
  i 've gotten nothing but vitriol and godwinning from leftists . 
  you have n't made an argument , though , you 've only stated your personal preference . 
  the only statement of fact here is `` organic states are inherently more orderly than demotist states '' , and it appears to me we agree on that . 
  that 's a statement of personal preference , not a statement of fact . 
  as long as you do agree that organic states are inherently more orderly than demotist states , i wo n't argue further . 
  because russia is slowly , but obviously trying to regain its former position as a world superpower . 
  unless you want a cuban missile crisis over every former russian vassal/soviet republic , it seems like a bad idea to welcome them into the union of their rivals . 
  and i thought calling people nazis would be restricted to the ridiculous russian/ukrainian propagandists . 
  this article all but says it . 
  * order is preferable to chaos . 
  * peace is preferable to war . 
  that 's my entire justification for supporting russia in this situation , and i maintain that anyone who supports the kiev government is in direct opposition to those two assertions . 
  nato/eu should never have expanded into former russian client states in the first place . 
  more importantly , how the fuck did jobbik get over 20 % of the popular vote . 
  part of being an adult is learning to discern what does and does n't concern you . 
  i 'd say the internal affairs of african countries that in many cases fought wars to become independent does n't . 
  the original mistake here was western countries making any kind of response to the genocide at all . 
  i love how the official version is more racist than the heretical assertion that it 's not our fault africans are murdering each other . 
  it amounts to `` black people have no agency and are easily manipulated by anyone . '', 
  both korean states still do this - although , if you can imagine , there are a lot more people fleeing from the north than the other way around . 
  i just wish that , for once , those bald-headed morons would be allowed to march through a city completely undisturbed without a single cop , counter-demonstrator or camera in their way . 
  they essentially get off on hating and being hated , so stop giving them what they want , by giving them what they claim to want - the right to freely shout their bullshit . 
  it 's not like they 're convincing anyone with rechtsrock , imperial flags and posters obviously made to skirt the volksverhetzung laws . 
  i do n't want to live on this planet any more . 
  my point is , `` hashtag '' is supposed to refer to the use of the hash/pound sign to tag tweets , but people are using it as a name for the sign itself . 
  kind of how the pound sign became the `` hashtag '' . 
  call me crazy , but i 'm a proponent of the radical idea that words have meanings . 
  in my experience , it 's about a 50-50 divide between `` at '' and `` affenschwanz '' . 
  `` intentional '' being the keyword here . 
  as it is , the cp laws are a licence to produce criminals on demand . 
  arguably so , but what 's being punished is n't acquiring it , paying money , or otherwise increasing demand - it 's just possession . 
  no child is being abused in the act of viewing cp . 
  if the goal was to * actually * protect children , they 'd go after the real child molesters and other people involved in the production and distribution of cp , not the paedophiles who control their harmful urges by viewing it . 
   nonsensical talking point . 
  in parliamentary republics the government that has the backing of the parliament is , by default , the `` elected government '' . 
  yes , the parliament where most delegates of the largest party were ran out of town or escaped in fear of their personal safety . 
   key leadership positions like minister for the environment and minister for agriculture do n't forget the defence ministry . 
  kind of a key position in a country faced with foreign military presence as well as separatist groups . 
  yeah , i find this attitude absolutely revolting . 
  how was everyone so fast to come to terms with the fact that we 're now supporting an unelected government that includes members of openly fascist/nazi parties in key leadership positions ? 
  frankly , this is far more worrying than the military situation with regards to russia . 
  certainly much more so than any replacement the `` protesters '' will tolerate . 
   `` well , we have to look after ourselves first '' yes , that 's what ethnocentric means , no matter the conclusions you draw from it . 
  what you call `` racism '' is essentially ethnocentrism on full retard mode . 
  i like how you felt the need to append `` racist '' , a politically loaded word , to the more objectively descriptive `` ethnocentric '' . 
   if you want to be very technical and split hairs , the nazi party could be said to not be fascists with a strict-enough definition . 
  correct . 
  call it splitting hairs , but i 'm a proponent of the radical idea that words have meanings . 
  i suppose it 's due to selective spectrum exposure - a similar phenomenon to the retards who call obama a `` communist '' - if you 're so stuck on one end of the political spectrum , it 's hard to tell or care about the differences on the other end . 
   the point is that fascism requires active action to curb and that 's what these people ( say they ) are doing . 
  funny , i could have sworn the last fascist party was disbanded and banned in 1945 . 
  oh wait , these people are using `` fascist '' to say `` right-wing authoritarian ethnocentric '' . 
   who 's using it as his sole identifying point ? 
  the guys calling themselves `` antifascist action '' . 
  okay , maybe not the sole identifying point , but certainly the primary one . 
  my point is , `` anti-fascist '' is basically an applause light . 
  it 's like saying `` i oppose terrorists and child molesters '' - something you 're required to profess to be taken seriously in certain circles . 
  * `` fascists divide themselves into two categories : fascists and antifascists . 
  '' * anyone who defines their ideology in terms of nothing but opposition to another ideology is politically immature . 
  sounds about right . 
  i seriously do n't understand the point ( if any ) you 're trying to make here . 
  `` i disagree with a society that does n't agree with my political views '' ? 
  a tautology is all you have to offer ? 
  to engage in stereotyping and judging some more : * `` confused and inarticulate , how slavic of you . 
   but forcing children to conform to an incorrect gender role is not fair . 
  oh , i absolutely agree . 
  forcing children to act like a gender they 're not is an absolute disgrace and amounts to child abuse . 
  that 's not the source of our disagreement , i guess . 
  that would be the question of whether a person 's real gender can differ from their biological sex , and whether there 's a meaningful distinction between the two concepts . 
  the liberal paradigm of thinking in terms of what people `` deserve '' is inherently flawed . 
  i view people as what they are , not what i want them to be . 
  it 's called being realistic . 
  i 'm not * demanding * anything , i 'm just pointing out that people who disagree with me are , in fact , doing the exact same thing , except they 're pretending to be better . 
  typical liberal scum .
