  we 're probably the only country on earth with a constitution literally set in stone , with no legal way to change it . 
  that 's not normal . 
  `` win-win-win '' ? 
  anyway , i 'm really glad to see there 's some support for the idea outside of bavaria . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , russia 's borders can be on the oder-neisse line . 
  slavs killing slavs is n't worth starting wwiii over . 
  1871 worst year of my life remove sauprei\u00dfn bavaria greattst countrey, 
  we 'll let you join if they let us out . 
  a fair trade by any measure . 
  this is / r/europe , most people have never held a real weapon in their hands , much less taken instructions in the proper use and maintenance of one . 
  [ it used to be the same in germany ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4xzdm3v.jpg ) , but then they got better . 
  the russian orthodox church has important links to the russian military http://imgur.com/a/mrybr#0, 
   if you mean an ethnic swede then say that . 
  is there any other kind ? 
  or are you just looking for an excuse to call immigrants and misbreeds after their place of residence/citizenship ? 
  yes , that 's the wilfully ignorant part - ie , you use the edge case of the negligible minority of misbreeding cases and use it to muddy the waters . 
  if someone considers himself german ( and only german ) , was raised in german culture , and has parents of predominantly german descent , he 's german . 
  if the latter is not true , he 's a german citizen of foreign descent , but i would not refer to him only as a `` german '' , as that would be dishonest to everyone involved . 
  no , learn to read . 
  it has nothing to do with religion - you do n't have to be religious ( or irreligious ) to be a swede or any other nationality . 
  similarly , it has nothing to do with a piece of paper - just because it says you 're a citizen of x does n't mean you 're a part of that ethnicity . 
  how is this in any way controversial ? 
  am i making sense ? 
  religion is n't genetic . 
  i 'm talking about ethnicity , not religion . 
  i acknowledge that some of those people might be actual swedes who converted to islam , and i condemn them equally . 
  and i really do n't see why you have to bring your liberal masturbatory fantasies into this . 
  immigration is a bad enough problem even when you do n't consider the possibility and actual occurrence of misbreeding . 
  people who commit such acts are either incapable of loving their children or incapable of contemplating the fact that actions have consequences . 
  if it 's completely arbitrary and there 's no concrete distinctions , why did they come here in the first place ? 
  why are there enclaves of people with no concrete distinctions where the police and ambulances do n't dare enter ? 
  that 's right , because we 're all the same and there are no concrete distinctions between ethnicities . 
  that 's called wilful , politically motivated ignorance . 
  now you 're just feigning ignorance . 
  i do n't care about where they were born , but to whom they were born and what kind of culture and religion they were exposed to in their childhood . 
  draw your own conclusions . 
  i think it 's downright disingenuous to refer to these muslim immigrants by their chosen theatre of demographic warfare . 
  although i do applaud their decision to leave and hope all of them succeed in not returning . 
  how many of them are actual swedes , danes , norwegians and finns ? 
  yeah , each covers a different historic era crusader kings - roughly the middle ages , 1000-1400 europa universalis - the renaissance and early modern era , 1444-1821 victoria - as its name implies , around the victorian era , 1836-1936 hearts of iron - wwii , 1936-1948 . 
  victoria 2 is easily the most complex overall due to the way it models individual members of the population and the world economy , whereas hearts of iron 3 has the most complex military system because it 's primarily a war game . 
  that 's ok , at least i do n't support the berlin regime . 
  i know better . 
  a resounding cheer for gender segregation in the 21st century !, 
  entirely different situation . 
  poland does n't have any prominent internal divisions , poland joined the eu under peaceful conditions , and , most importantly , poland actually joined the eu . 
  ukraine signed an association agreement like turkey , georgia , etc. 
  they 're not joining any time soon , and in the meantime , they 'll bleed their economy dry by trying to satisfy imf+eu demands for austerity and other standards , while burdened by the hostile ethnic/linguistic/cultural divisions . 
  you seriously think ukraine has any increase of living standard in its near to mid-term future ? 
  after the war and the imf rape loans , it 's austerity all the way down . 
  well they obviously did n't do a good job of it if they went along with his bullshit . 
  my point is , wanting to die ( or appearing to ) should n't be enough to have the state kill you , and that pretty much seems to be the only criterion on which his wish was approved . 
  relevant username . 
   it 's not like he 's allowed to just commit suicide in jail either , so without the option of euthanasia you are effectively keeping someone alive against their own will . 
  people still manage it . 
  where there 's a will , there 's a way . 
   this man defines himself as a willing terminal patient ; terminal in the sense that he 'd never be able to overcome the psychological pain his situation and psychologic issues cause him . 
  i define myself as a giraffe . 
  do i get to demand a 6m high cell if i ever go to prison ? 
  you know , because my rights are being oppressed , and stuff . 
  prediction : this will only increase the internal division between ethnic/linguistic russian and ukrainian citizens of ukraine . 
  even if the current conflict is solved immediately ( be it militarily or diplomatically ) , there will be more coloured revolutions and counter-revolutions down the road . 
  in other words , if you want to be a paedophille , go live in a country where it 's racist to do anything about it . 
  i do n't , in principle , have a problem with euthanasia as an alternative to palliative care for terminal patients . 
  in any situation other than that , though - ie , what happened here - i 'm opposed to state-sanctioned killing of any kind . 
  it 's not `` forcing people to live '' , though , it 's refusing them a state-sanctioned killing . 
  you can do it if you feel like it , but i just do n't want any state-sanctioned killing , period ( with the possible exception for willing terminal patients , as stated above ) . 
  who decides what constitutes `` no hope for improvement '' , though ? 
  unless you 're suffering from a terminal illness and likely to die in less than a few years , you ca n't predict future research on your condition . 
  that 's why it should be allowed for people who are actually dying , otherwise there 's always the chance you 're applying a permanent non-solution to a temporary problem . 
  what do you propose instead ? 
  elect more socialists ? 
  10 ways putin is literally hitler, 
  also , i do n't see why we , as a society , should feel obliged to give prisoners what they want . 
  i ca n't be the only one who thinks a prison sentence should feel like a punishment . 
  nobody dies with dignity . 
  this may set a dangerous precedent for `` mercifully '' emptying prisons . 
  in my opinion , euthanasia should be reserved for terminal patients , as an alternative to palliative care . 
  anything else is dangerous overreach . 
  that 's obviously because you hate differently-coloured people . 
  if your headmates do n't meet the minorities quota , you 're a racist !, 
  we already have plenty of precedent for convicting people based on political beliefs , so i 'm going to say yes . 
  and nothing of value was lost . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , social justice is no exception to the rule that movements named after the template of taking a common human value and adding an unrelated adjective tend to be a mockery of the value they claim to represent . 
  see : people 's democracy , national socialism , gay rights , etc. 
  the concept of `` social justice '' goes against my idea of justice - ie , it 's inherently unjust and therefore a misnomer . 
  you can either have social justice , or real justice . 
  that 's why i oppose any proponent of social justice , no matter how sane they appear , because they either fail to recognise the dichotomy or willingly ignore justice in favour of their warped view of it , and i 'm not sure which of those options i 'd hate them for more . 
  average privilege checks per hour per white male cishet citizen . 
  better them than us . 
  rip, 
  after learning english well enough and living in subtitle-land for a few years , i 've definitely grown to hate dubs with a passion , even though german dubs tend to be pretty high-quality . 
  to understand recursion , you have to understand recursion . 
   even in the cold war space flight was eventually made into a theater of cooperation and used to ease tensions . 
  `` eventually '' meaning the point where everyone decided to settle for flags and footprints on the moon and probes in the rest of the system . 
  the beginning of meaningful cooperation heralded the end of the dreams for human spaceflight beyond earth orbit . 
  it 's ok , if you do n't like it just pay back all the eu money and you 're free to leave . 
  i hear russia 's lovely this time of the year . 
  the space race was started and perpetuated as a dick-measuring contest between the usa and the ussr . 
  if anything , using it to promote international cooperation as opposed to competition is out of the ordinary .
