  oh , no , i 've not dismissed it because you 're swedish , i 've dismissed it because it 's fucking retarded . 
  i merely pointed out that you 've conveyed the same information as you would have by stating you 're swedish , making a joke about the stereotype of all swedes being ultraliberal cultural marxists . 
   according to you , it is my right to judge you as a prick , a bully and close relative of various religious fundamentalists . 
  i 'm not contesting that it 's your right to do so , i 'm just pointing out that you 're doing the exact same thing you 're accusing me of , and therefore those labels apply to you equally . 
   and the usual societal expectations of rational debate , tolerance , respect and acceptance are just my `` liberal sensibilities '' , no need to fret about them . 
  i do n't see how you got rationality amongst those ( i would argue the opposite ) , but for the rest , you 're mostly correct . 
   if even after this is not clear , that your position is the core mentality of every bully and every fundamentalist ... 
  i give up . 
  the only thing you 've demonstrated is that you are willing to use the exact same methods and mentality while pretending to have the moral high ground . 
  you keep attaching insults to my position without actually arguing against it in a coherent manner , other than observing the fact that it violates your liberal sensibilities , which is obvious , self-evident and really does n't bear repeating . 
  i 'd be more surprised if progressivists were n't offended by the notion of societal order , liberty and tradition . 
  if that 's your evaluation , it follows that it applies for you as well , as you 're doing the exact same here . 
  no newborn is religious . 
  the actual implication here is that they 're born to parents of a certain religion . 
  i absolutely reject this kind of treatment of religion as genetic . 
  nobody is born religious , they 're indoctrinated into religion during their childhood . 
  i have every right to judge people based on the choices they made about their life , and make my own choices based on that judgement - no matter what insults you attach to the concept . 
   what i want to see is people being given the non-judgemental liberty to be whoever they want to be and to not be considered inherently inferior based on things like ethnicity or gender . 
  i do n't mind liberty . 
  it 's the `` non-judgemental '' part that bothers me , however . 
  i have every right to make my convictions known and act on them , such as by refusing to associate or cooperate with people who violate my views of how society should work . 
  by all means , do whatever you like in terms of your gender and social roles . 
  but do n't force it on children , and do n't expect tolerance , acceptance and congratulations if you 're doing something * you know * people will disapprove of . 
   i do n't know if this is always the intent , but to me , it reads like a situation where a certain set of individuals are coded as ` acceptable losses ' for the sake of maintaining a certain social order at all costs . 
  order is better than chaos . 
  liberty is more important than equality . 
  those are the only two axioms at work in terms of my political views . 
  no two human beings have ever been or will ever be equal , and no amount of progressivist legislation will change that , because the only thing laws can do is force ( or compel ) people to * pretend * they 're equal . 
  well , i refuse to pretend that , and i refuse to sacrifice my freedom so other people can go on pretending they 're my equals . 
  the examples you 've listed ( domestic violence , childhood abuse ) * do * amount to oppression , i 'm not denying that . 
  i do , however , reject the assertion that they 're to blame on traditional gender roles/power structures . 
  i 'm not arguing in favour of ignoring oppression where it * actually exists * , i 'm arguing against presenting ordinary facts about how the world works and how an orderly society runs as oppression just because it violates or offends some facet of liberal progressivist/cultural marxist ideology . 
  they seriously wasted court time on that ? 
  yeah , i bet non-white bnp membership surged after that decisive and historic ruling . 
   because supposedly ultra-nationalists think their country/culture is superior typical leftist nonsense . 
  golden dawn ( and the bnp ) are examples of institutions based on ethnocentrist traditionalist thought . 
  i follow both closely and i 've not noticed either espousing racial ( or otherwise ) superiority theories . 
  if you have sources to the contrary , please share them . 
  traditional gender roles are not `` patriarchy '' . 
  raising children to correctly identify their sex/gender and assume proper gender roles is not `` oppression '' . 
  freedom of association is not `` xenophobia '' . 
  cultural marxists need to stop presenting all ideas they disagree with as pathologies . 
  until then , i see no point in acknowledging or conceding anything to liberal progressivist ideology , least of all when it comes to social issues . 
  you do n't want a debate , you 're out to prove everyone who disagrees with you is crazy , or at the very least a nazi psychopath . 
  here you go , a lossless compression of your post , free of charge :  i am swedish . 
   does n't work with the average , only with the mean . 
  you mean `` median '' . 
  `` mean '' means average . 
  you see , it would appear that you 've made the mistake of addressing the working class as your equals . 
  how is it a `` dick move '' ? 
  you have to realise social change is n't a ratchet that only goes one way . 
  if people legitimately want social change change in any direction , they can get it , that 's what democracy is about , and that 's what happened here . 
  i do n't particularly care about the definition of marriage , so i would n't vote in such a referendum if it were taken here , because i 'm not in principle opposed to either of the options . 
  i do n't see how monarchy is supposed to be more `` random '' than democracy - if anything , a monarch brings more certainty , stability and responsibility to the authority of the state , being raised and educated to govern since birth and faced with actual , personal responsibility for misgovernment , as opposed to the bureaucratic hell of trying to make politicians in a democratic republic accountable . 
  i 'm not opposed to democracy in particular , but the historically evident inability of the lowborn for self-rule in general . 
  even if you do n't recognise the principle of aristos , enlightened absolutism as a system of government still makes more sense than any form of lowborn rule , be it communism , fascism , constitutional monarchy or democracy . 
  wrong . 
  the figures for 1918 are : germany - 64 million , metropolitan france - 38 million , great britain - 43 million . 
  wo n't even bother checking the usa and russia , because , at this point , if you still believe technological progress of a country is somehow correlated to its political system , this is just embarrassing , because the implication then would be the opposite of what you 're trying to prove . 
  now check the period in question , 1901-1918 . 
  otherwise you 're just comparing apples to apples . 
   during its 47 years of existence , the german empire operated as an industrial , technological and scientific giant , receiving more nobel prizes in science than britain , france , russia and the united states combined . 
   when we had absolute monarchs the idea of flying would have gotten you sectioned . 
  yes , never mind the fact that the decidedly anti-democratic german and austro-hungarian empires consistently won more nobel prizes than all the democracies and constitutional monarchies of the time . 
  it makes no sense to view scientific progress in the light of the political/social system it 's achieved under . 
  science has , for the most part , developed and progressed with no correlation to the political system of the time . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure we had an air force in wwi . 
  congratulations , your post is full of demonstrably false , ignorant claims . 
  still more legitimate than being put into power by the decision of people who are , for the most part , completely uneducated about politics and decision-making and have zero personal responsibility riding on the matter . 
  there are few tragedies in the history of a country as depressing as the removal of the institution of its sovereign . 
  democracy or constitutional monarchy will , in my eyes , never be valid replacements for the authority , stability and responsibility of an enlightened absolutist monarchy . 
  communism , fascism , racism and genocide - brought to you by lowborn people who thought they knew how to rule better than kings and emperors . 
   former part of austria former part of just about every nearby country that bothered to walk over it at some point . 
  scheisssalat you know it 's bad when a letter is repeated three times . 
  no , it 's called a `` handfotze '' . 
  e : you probably should n't google that . 
   neo-nazis encouraged us to protest the building of a new mosque in reykjav\u00edk . 
  you 're finally getting culturally enriched ? 
  celebrate diversity !, 
   former primer minister and opposition leader janez jan\u0161a attended the celebration of 70th aniversary of establishemnt of the national guard ( `` domobranci '' ) which collaborated with the nazis in the second world war . 
  is n't this guy supposed to be in jail ? 
  i thought he was convicted of weapons trafficking , enabling corruption , bribery and crimes against humanity . 
  also , please stop electing retards ( this pretty much goes for all of eastern europe ) . 
  so your point is americans are too fucking dumb for the results to be valid ? 
  the scramble for africa was hardly even getting started in the 1850s . 
  i envy you people that get mostly subtitled films as opposed to dubs . 
  i started learning at age 10 in school , but with a german teacher and german classmates . 
  i know grammar and spelling , but my pronunciation ( and spoken english comprehension ) is terrible . 
  i highly doubt any sane helicopter pilot would even consider taking off from a flying transport plane . 
  helicopters do n't work like that . 
  in some cultures , sexuality is n't divided between heterosexuals and homosexuals , it 's divided between passive and active participants . 
  active = manly men , passive = women and `` faggots '' . 
  that 's not an argument for relaxing law enforcement , it 's an argument for more effective law enforcement . 
  ^ ( [ citation needed ] ), 
  \\  franconia so cute !, 
  they think they 're people !, 
  jeez , maybe they ca n't afford it ? 
  stop being so insensitive , we should organise some cheap summer camps for them instead . 
  try not attacking your ~ ~ allies ~ ~ co-belligerents and we 'll think about it . 
  it was a country for about a thousand years longer than texas .
