that 's not true . 
  the us lost three times as much in europe as they did in the pacific . 
   cultures do n't link up with countries . 
  really ? 
  though in a sense your right . 
  a lot of countries are fairly homogeneous culturally but countries that are n't do n't work with this study . 
  i 'm willing to bet that is why the us is so close to average . 
  you have a lot of cultural diversity in the us that would make this study less useful for them . 
  that analogy is completely false . 
  there is no real link between cultures and favorite colours while there is most certainly links between cultural and how people express themselves . 
  though how people are as individuals is the most important thing to know about people , before you know that it 's useful to know how people are more likely to react or what people will be more likely to tolerate/appreciate in your actions based on their culture . 
  for example : people in japan are much less likely to greet you with a hug or kiss then people in southern europe and that is largely due to culture . 
  i 'm fairly sure you 're joking , but if not , cultural averages are both a real thing and useful . 
  at least you did n't fall into the canal again !, 
  i do n't know . 
  the chart appears to have about 2000 deaths in britain not counting lockerbie . 
  i 'd say that 's the 1600 civilians plus some some amount of the security forces . 
  perhaps the off duty ones as you said . 
  you did get me to think about it though , so thanks for the different perspective !, 
  i 'm not sure to be honest . 
  i do understand where your coming from with your original point but i still think that other factors probably played larger roles in lowering the death tolls . 
  the troubles very much was a conflict . 
  it 's is commonly described as either a `` gurila war '' or a `` low-level war '' , a war has definitions but it certainly was an armed conflict of which terrorism was only a part of . 
  i must ask if you believe that it was not a war then how to you explain how the british army killed ~ 200 innocent civilians . 
  if it was not a results of wartime collateral damage then do you believe that the british army just walked into part of their own territory and started murdering people ? 
  that was only the marxist `` offical ira '' . 
  the ira that did almost all of the fighting was the provisionals who received no such su funding . 
  i think that 's a false correlation . 
  the ira got most of it 's weapons from libya and the usa while loyalists got theirs from elements within the british army and south africa . 
  the death tolls mostly fell off due to a dampening down of the conflict in ni . 
  a lot of the civil rights issues for catholics that started the conflict were resolved coming into the 80ies and 90ies . 
  peace time is very different to war time . 
  these figures , as awful as they , are pale in comparison to the deaths in an actual conflict . 
  in fact most of the deaths on this list , up to several thousand of them , happen in ni which was a war . 
  as much as i do n't want to defend the actions if the ira , most of these deaths can not be attributed to them . 
  during the troubles the ira killed around 723 civilians while loyalist paramilitaries killed 878 . 
  that is unless this chart is counting british security forces killed in northern ireland , which many would argue are deaths due to conflict not terrorism . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles#casualties, 
  aye , that was kinda the joke mate !, 
   have a good night yourself !, 
   the british did n't care what language the colonials spoke as long as english was one of those languages as it made things easier to keep control since everybody understood each other . 
  this statement is so historically illiterate it made my fucking head spin . 
  english law tried to exterminate the irish language and culture . 
   the irish tried to conquer main land britain and failed this also did n't happen . 
  mate , had the french or germans did what england and britain did to ireland you can bet your bottom pound i 'd be angry about it . 
  but they did n't . 
  your nation did . 
  but considering your choice of language , i do n't think i 'm going to get through to you . 
  so how about this instead . 
  go fuck yourself , you imperial cunt . 
  yea but there were also a lot of jeremy corbyn types that were sympathetic to irish causes . 
  i mean i 'm not saying britain is n't full of cunts , i do n't think you 'd find someone of sane mind to argue that . 
  in my mind ireland 's real enemy has always been the successive generations of etonian boys . 
  ultimately it was their decisions that did such harm to ireland . 
  i mean even today there are pricks like micheal gove who wants war again in the six counties . 
  well cromwell and his followers were a special , waffen-ss in the ukraine , kind of evil . 
  more than anything else in english culture i have no idea how people celebrate this man . 
  sure he brought in a sorta parliamentary democracy but what he did was nothing short of pure evil . 
  i was trying to be nice . 
   but i still would n't blame the normal people of britain for the majority of it 's atrocities . 
  it 's the english ruling class that has always been responsible in my opinion . 
  the people that died was not 1 but millions . 
  the people that suffered under oppressive british rule was 10s of millions . 
  my countries last 800 years of history is almost nothing but english/british atrocities and horrifically oppressive policies and laws that attempted to eradicate entire cultures and ways of life . 
  up until the late 19th century the irish were referred to as a sub-human race and they were treated that way . 
  furthermore the atrocities have very little to do with the technological and scientific advancement . 
  i think it 's silly to somehow suggest that they atrocities were necessary for all of the advancement to happen . 
  also many would not think that the spread of english as a good thing , especially when in coincided with the destruction of many native languages . 
  it is the global language now but it 's hardly the best constructed language humans have come up with , there are many better options . 
  no need for apologies mate , i did n't think you were arguing !, 
  i was only trying to clarify my point !, 
   i think that 's a decent point about the less exotic topics . 
  i do n't really think there is some conspiracy to make sure people do n't learn about britain 's colonial past , but i do wonder if it would be more responsible to make sure people know about it . 
  the common folk of britain were not responsible for either famine . 
  even if they did vote for the people responsible it 's not like people ran for election with promises of committing crimes against humanity in ireland or india . 
  the british governments of the time were responsible . 
  yea , i was saying that these things are covered at a levels . 
  but due to the way it works , not by everyone . 
  i 'm not admitting , i 'm saying that is the case . 
  scotland has no national curriculum the way england and wales do so every school can be different . 
  but the english education system leaves out huge portions of their history , including most of their colonial history . 
  of what mandatory english history ( gcse ) is taught in schools it 's mostly just about the tudors and the second world war . 
  if you chose history as one of your a levels what you do can vary massively as there is a lot of choice in the subject . 
  i think you just worded your comment incredibly poorly then i 'm afraid !, 
  firstly , i was comparing the atrocities of the british empire . 
  secondly , simply comparing does not mean equating ; which would be ridiculous . 
  i considered having a full discussion with you but you last point is simply a lie , i 'm sorry but there is no nice way to put that . 
  i have talked to a lot of people who when through the english and scottish schooling systems ( as most of my family live in those countries ) and i have read a level history text books . 
  british involvement in india is barely taught and is only an option in higher levels in school ; never mind everyone being taught of the atrocities . 
  i 'd like to thank you for your reasonable view of the history of the british empire , which i 'd agree with . 
  a lot of good but also a lot of bad , and personally i 'd say the bad outweighs the good but that 's my opinion . 
  though i have to disagree with the content of this thread . 
  most of the posts i 've read make no attempt to say the basic `` the british empire 's atrocities are bad '' and there are quite a few upvoted comments that are frankly disgusting . 
  if the germans , for example , make light of their atrocities in such a way people would be calling them monsters . 
  i think german 's very much do regret ww2 . 
  the point of this post is that the british do not threat the dark history of their empire the way the germans treat their dark history . 
  it would appear that they have deleted their account . 
  i had a look through their post history earlier , it was a new account that was very very active spouting a lot of far right , anti-europe rhetoric . 
  who knows what is going on in these people heads , i do hope they can see reason at some point . 
  gladly !,
