the european union is not a federation and national vetoes do exist on certain european competences . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/media/greenslade/2016/jul/28/european-newspapers-overwhelmingly-critical-of-brexit-vote i suppose the guardian counts as the inevitable exception ? 
  must have went to a strange school mate . 
  it 's been said time and time again but we may as well scrap the entire trident programme if one says they 're not prepared to use it . 
  its sole purpose is deterrence . 
  new labour abandoned the working class , the very people us on the left should be backing . 
  the european union entrenches capitalism because national measures can not be taken which distort the market or discriminate between eu nationals . 
  it 's emotive but i ca n't help but agree with everything you have said . 
  all articles in the british press need to be corroborated by the nearly entirely pro-eu press on the continent ? 
  i have never understood why scots back independence from westminster but then want to sign away those powers to brussels under the lisbon treaty . 
  i am sure that there must be eurosceptic scottish nationalists . 
  nonetheless , i think it odd that eurosceptic unionists try and make economic and status quo arguments against scottish independence ; the same arguments scots make for independence often apply to brexit . 
  as an englishman , i think this is a matter for scots and scots alone . 
  all i 'll say is , you 're welcome - for now . 
  the continuing assent of all nations to the united kingdom must be a precondition of its existence . 
  i 'm not a fervent unionist . 
  if the scots want their independence then it is a matter for them , just as it was for the irish . 
  should ireland have remained in the uk ? 
  is it not entitled to self-determination ? 
  if you are trying to make some sort of sociohistorical argument for union then go right ahead , for most it 's largely an irrelevant and academic point . 
  the idea of some natural progression or some natural order of things with respect to ` self-organisation ' is really a rather silly and pompous idea . 
  i suppose you 'll see an asean union and a nafta union too ? 
  maybe a transatlantic union after that ? 
  i am not in favour of political union with the rest of the continent . 
  am i entitled to that view or am i just another barrier to be overcome in the inexorable march of ` progress ' ? 
  the arrogance of it all is incredible . 
  and real ale . 
  that 's the logical exposition , yes . 
  just to add to this a little bit : the european communities act has an henry viii clause which permits a government to amend subsequent legislation or make regulations to apply eu law . 
  you 've also got the preliminary question procedure which means a question of eu law ( which is n't obvious ) has to be referred on to the ecj . 
  the system is tightly knit and it 'd be hard to see a british government being fined too often , though i did read something about a fine related to the common agricultural policy some time ago . 
  honestly , what i 've just added has been argued as a point in favour of remaining . 
  we 'd have to detangle our laws . 
  the british constitution is flexible and allows for debate as to how that connects to popular sovereignty . 
  it goes beyond the law . 
  say , for example , the queen 's power to refuse assent to a law - it technically exists but politically , and in my view constitutionally , it does not . 
  whether supranational politics is a better use of national power is the fundamental question . 
  it is still dependent on the principle of conferral and on other restrictions on power . 
  no , it was n't a newspaper . 
  ca n't agree any more . 
  people want to know , people ought to know , and it 's the press ' job to find out . 
  it 's absolutely constitutional . 
  what makes you think i am not a lawyer or a law maker or just an ordinary person who wants to think about it ? 
  the fact is that the treaties * confer * competences which were the rights of national parliaments onto the institutions of the european union . 
  you do n't need the ` nation to speak as one voice ' to express that idea . 
  and the restrictions on power are absolutely there !, 
  what do you think the four fundamental freedoms are meant for ? 
  by design they restrict the power of national parliaments . 
  so that , if france wanted to impose a tax on german wine , the ecj could strike the tax down for being a measure having effect , or even having an equivalent effect , as a distortion of the market . 
  pray do tell how neither are constitutional and how neither relate to parliamentary power . 
  you say the nation now speaks with a greater voice , that 's the argument of those who say that there is a benefit in sharing power but that absolutely assumes a transfer and a restriction on power . 
  oh and how about british industry relocating east or the industry relocating the east into britain ? 
  the north want posted workers out and they want their own to have a chance at a job , the adverts are placed in poland and romania and the english do n't have a chance . 
  they want , and i believe they ought to have , protection . 
  i read recently that cherry-picking specific industries to share common rules in is gaining traction as opposed to big , wide trade agreements covering everything from avocados and adverts to ... zoologists ? 
  what 's the issue ? 
  national power is restricted by the treaties . 
  that is offset by ordre public clauses adjudicated by the ecj . 
  national power is transferred and diluted by the treaties in the european parliament , in the council and in the commission ; we share our law-making power with 27 other nations . 
  by any definition whatsoever it 's a transfer of power and it 's one the eu accepts as the principle of ` conferral ' which is then offset by ` subsidiarity ' . 
  now some back it , some do n't . 
  whether you do or not is a different matter to what i have just put . 
  my point , is that being that as they are , it must be put to the electorate directly in the form of a referendum . 
  unionism is a two-way street . 
  if the scots are perceived as holding back the will of the english or english prosperity then do not expect us to back your ties to the union . 
  do not assume that unionism is the default position in england . 
  i 'd go so far as to say that since devolution , scottish independence is inevitable . 
  is it really in the spanish interest to stoke financial difficulty in a close neighbour ? 
  so what ? 
  it 's obviously an identity distinct from spain proper and has a border to boot . 
  they are entitled to self-determination if they wish it . 
  mps are free to choose policy , you 're correct . 
  they can also be removed and another mp elected . 
  an mp exercises power granted to him by the electorate . 
  if a politician gives up the * power * to choose policy , he has betrayed his electorate and given up the electorate 's power . 
  it follows that the power to make law is exceptional from ordinary policy-making and the electorate ought to decide whether or not they consent to it . 
  there 's even an argument to say that no electorate ought to bind another with respect to the transfer of that power . 
  parliamentary sovereignty is inextricably connected to popular sovereignty . 
  precisely . 
  to apply tony benn , it 's not for parliaments to give up their powers without the consent of their electorate because those powers do n't belong to parliament , they belong to the electorate . 
  personally , one of my biggest motivations for leave was to have no foreign court affect british policy . 
  to the same effect , i do not agree with state aid rules . 
  i 'm sure efta also means abiding by state aid rules as well , and judgments by ( in essence ) the ecj . 
  it 's not brexit proper . 
  what i will say is that free movement is not the same as making an agreement with the irish or the french or the germans to facilitate visa-free access for , say , six months , or by making an easy working holiday scheme , the same goes for reciprocal emergency healthcare . 
  that 's what normal countries do with other countries . 
  if the eu wants to take that and plaster it as ` free movement ' then i 'd be happy because it is n't what i 'd call ` free movement ' . 
  as for laws , yes the uk will keep many of the eu regulations and the effect of its directives . 
  why ? 
  because a lot of it was good law and there 's no need to change that . 
  take the product liability directive , for instance . 
  why would we want to change that ? 
  best out of three , lads ? 
  and where does your iphone come from ? 
  every country in the world has ` access ' without being ` in ' the market . 
  the question , to avoid the wto tariffs , is on what terms and how . 
  but , as we know from yes minister , the business of government goes on without the government . 
  i am sure the us department of commerce , with the money and manpower they have , are planning agreements with the uk in a post-brexit world . 
  access \u2260 membership . 
  you say nationalism i say self-determination .
