  it is getting confusing when you can describe someone and it can , kind of , fit on both :-( but the comment above talks about leaks = babi\u0161 , there is nothing to leak about zeman , because he doesnt do anything , his `` advisors '' do . 
  who would clean that mess ? 
  we still have burreaucracy herritage from austria-hungary ( ask kafka ) . 
  hopefully never, 
  his brother killed him in order to fend off german invaders and formed something like independent sovereign country ( for that time ) . 
  idk why people think he is important . 
  i believe [ this ] ( http://nd05.jxs.cz/158/143/b426ca143a_87426734_o2.jpg ) is a better picture, 
  ** kill it before it lays eggs **, 
  you should ask them ? 
  i wouldnt call him anti-nato or pro russia . 
  more that he doesnt care . 
  people in his party that do foreign policy are very pro west , pro nato and anti russia . 
  he just talks to media and is ( has to be in order to survive ) very close to zeman , who is anti nato , anti eu ( while calling himself eu federalist , the irony ) and pro russian ( and said things you have mentioned ) , so he probably said something similar , but didnt really meant it ( wouldnt make sense ) . 
  he also said nato should protect its ( and eus ) borders from illegal migrants , cuz thats its job and it should have higher priority than potential attack from russia . 
  we called them balto-slavic , so i took them for slavs myself . 
  their mentality is the same ( as opposed to estonia ) , language is very similar ( as opposed to estonia ) and the history is shared with the slavs ( pl , ru and heavy influence of germany , just like other western slavs ) so i dont see a reason ( maybe genetics ? ), 
  to not call them slavs . 
  but i am just an internet nerd , not scientist , so dont take me too seriously , 
  most people will vote zeman because he is against islam . 
  that simple . 
  they dont care about the affair with babi\u0161 , his foreign policy , his inability to obey constitution or that he gets money from russians and chinese . 
  he is against islam and migrants and thats enough . 
  i am not even joking , go outside main cities and ask people . 
  someone who collaborates with secret police under a code name . 
  in a country , where everyone is equal , you have a revolution ( 1989 ) and then suddenly you have millionaires , hows that possible ? 
  same case like in rest of eastern europe and russia . 
  it is just not possible without contacts to ( ex ) secret police ( russian president was even a part of it and doesnt deny it - wonder how he knows all oligarchs secrets and doesnt hesistate to use that knowledge for his own gains ) . 
  you seem to be in pessimistic mood , have you been slacking on listening verhofstadt 's speeches lately ? 
  i 've read it as `` only apathy and islam '' . 
  i am a lost case :-(, 
  in 93 there was a disintegration , there is no reason for more integration as there is no will on either side . 
  in order to survive in this world , you need friends , so being friends with slovakia is good , being friends among v4 is cool , being friends with the rest of eu is cool . 
  being friends with eu neighbours is cool as well . 
  punishing a friend is not cool , punishing a friend of a friend that should be punished is not cool either . 
  there should be means to tell the friend to start behaving , before punishing him . 
  or just wait till next elections , it the friend doesnt fix itself by that , then you can start punishing him . 
  but not his whole bracket , that includes other friends . 
  just another friendly comment . 
  so as a part of v4 , why should i suffer for something pl or hu does ? 
  since when memes represent reality : - /, 
  being in nato has its perks , right ? 
  if you are going to judge liberalism by todays standards in different countries ... you actually cant , because it has different meaning everywhere . 
  you can find right winged green party as well as hardcore communist green party . 
  you can be left wing socialist or even almost right wing ( previous pm of france ) . 
  liberalism is indeed about freedom of individuals , but which translates into economic freedom with emphasis on entrepreneurship and taking care of yourself . 
  unless you want me to recommend you a whole book , you will have to accept this simple definition and of course , one sentence or paragraph can not describe whole ideology with all its factions . 
  libertarians are extremists with anarchic tendencies , its like saying right wing conservatives = nazis . 
  as ive mentioned before , you can have liberals in social democracies , which brings them more to centrists , because it is right wing ideology . 
  politicians in developer democracies are not edgy teens , and usually come up with compromises that include many ideas from different corners of political spectrum . 
  our liberal-conservative party which ruled the country like 12y ago increased social welfare spending 3 times , the biggest increase in modern history of the country . 
  does that make them liberal-conservative-socialists ? 
  liberals in todays eu either want to destroy eu , or understand its social principles and `` work within the borders '' of the eu legislative - which includes for example grants ( which would be unacceptable for liberals before ) . 
  i am not really sure what do you mean by protecting life . 
  everyone wants to protect life ( ? 
  ) , liberals would say that you should tak\u00e9 care of it yourself , conservatives would say that the family/your master/police should do it and socialists would say that there should be no guns among the population and only police should have some minimum ( best would be some tasers ) - thats very common in the north and western europe today , which seems really crazy to me . 
  and also extreme left ( greens , communists ) would say that we should destroy all weapons and focus on higher goals , such as global peace , environment , ... what you described about two people example , it seems like typical anarchic-communism ( final stage of socialism ) . 
  typical liberal would say `` your freedom ends where my begins '' -  dont touch my food , unless i give you a permission . 
  but this could be very individual , as for example having opinion about squatters can vary between liberals , anarchists , communists , socialists , conservatives , ... its a very complicated topic . 
  whether the liberal should or should not share food in that situation is not really liberal to me . 
  its socialism-conservatism debate . 
  socialist would share , conservative would not . 
  typical liberal would stick to a conservative narrative , but in todays eu , i believe that a liberal would stick with a socialist in this case . 
  for example in the migrant crisis , liberals mostly support helping those people . 
  but again , it varies a lot on individual organisations/parties/people , nobody is a pure liberal , everyone is a mix . 
  even as a right-wing liberal ( who would have guessed ) i dont see a reason for fencing a forest , so even if it is a private property , in this case i dont see why people should be denied access there . 
  but i would have different rules for small parks that should give me an option to keep it private for me and people i want in . 
  or to demand an entry fee . 
  but if i owned a forest , i could have different experience and outcome of my thoughts could be different as well . 
  so overal - we cant really classify parties or people as members of one ideology , we cant even judge certain policies as such , because all of them are mostly a mixture of multiple ideologies . 
  which is great and it keeps governments towards the centrism , which to me , is ideal , because it satisfies the majority . 
  it is very easy to see that countries , which are edging towards one side more than the other , are not doing that well and a lot of people are really unhappy there , for real reasons ( as opposed to `` made up '' unhappiness here ) . 
  while i agree with the first part , when left-right was found in france , with left being the progressive reformists while the right were monarchist conservatives . 
  but thats origins , thats not 20 or 21st century , so i am talking about whats relevant for us right now . 
  liberalism in its core is right-wing orientation ( you should work hard and get big reward ) just like conservatism , as opposed to socialism ( everyone works and should have the same reward ) . 
  very simplified version . 
  in todays context , lot of workers welfare ( labour laws , unemployment pay , maternity leave , benefits , ... ) are left-wing policies that originate in socialism . 
  a liberal would say `` its their probl\u00e9m , i have my own , unlock my shackles and let me tak\u00e9 care of myself '' . 
  thats a right-wing way of thinking . 
  what reflects reality better , is the 4 way compass with + being libertarian , - totalitarian , x left-wing ( economy ) , y right-wing ( economy ) . 
  it reflects the complexity way better than just x and y. 
  because stalin and hitler were both on the other side of axis y and x , while both being totalitarians and governed the state in a very similar way , as opposed to western style of democracy . 
  the welfare state , as we know it today , was really not invented by marx , but by a bismarc , who was a hardcore capitalist supporter . 
  but you can not have socialism without capitalism ( you will run out of money and everyone will become poor over time - look at central europe ) and you can not have capitalism without socialism ( look at europe in 18-19th century or china today - people will be unhappy and create labour unions , demand more welfare or even leave the country ( or even vote for people like bernie sanders ) , if another one will have better working conditions . 
  modern state needs both systems . 
  which ratio between the two is perfect ? 
  that really depends on each country . 
  but this will bring us to another subreddit . 
  wooo , another internet arguement won , liar caught up lying . 
  to prevent losing , try to read better and dont lie , it is very easy to verify the truth , if it is literally above your comment . 
  dont forget to downvote as a sign to dislike a comment ( thats what people that are unable to read written text do ) . 
  you had to lie and try manipulating others in order to feel better ? 
  you really had to go on reddit for that ? 
  please , satisfy that shit irl , the results will be much better . 
  i agree, 
  in that case yes . 
  i believe we all have a lot in common and its only up to us whether we want to see it or not . 
  marxism only talks about wealth and how social class is dependent on it , which is not true today in europe . 
  you can be anything you want comming from anywhere you want , its only up to you and your abilities . 
  so what could be more relevant in 19th century is not ( very ) relevant in 21st . 
  just like some people want to live by hundred years old book .
