  i can read about things that are done abroad , but barely anyone cares here . 
  i can study interesting history of other countries , not just mine ( that i already had to study 3 times over during my school years ) , i can get to understand other ideologies and philosophies , than the one present in my country and find out which one will fit my life better . 
  i just do not see why i should like someone just for being czech , over someone from pl , usa or korea . 
  to me , ** nationalism makes you proud of things you have never done , and hate people you have never met . 
  not all heroes wear capes, 
  isnt their purpose to `` we are poles '' as opposed to previous `` we are europeans '' to make you feel better about the country ? 
  does it have the opposite effect ? 
  europe was almost nonstop at war with europe thru medieval till 1945 . 
  in 20th centuries , two `` total wars '' happened , which has never happened since . 
  there were some minor clashes at balcan , some foreign missions around the world , there are peacekeeping missions till today as well as some airstrikes , but thats not a war ( in case you think it is ) . 
  if the country is at war , every citizen feels it somehow . 
  if we send some squads abroad , that doesnt make us enter the war , no matter how media call it . 
  just like russia wasnt at war with chechnya , moldova , georgia , azerbaijan , ukraine ( because it is very indirect and minor and life in russia is not affected , if we dont count russian specifics ) , the same way any foreign missions by eu members are not considered a war . 
  yes , i wanted an answer ( i wouldnt call that a bait ) to questions i dont know the answer to , else i wouldnt ask it : - / . 
  we feel different about these things , thats why i asked , to understand different pov . 
  i do not see any advantage of not being native speaker of more relevant language . 
  internet taught me english , my mother taught me cz and i used to sweat to learn basics of spanish and russian at school . 
  that leaves me with only one relevant language , but if i was born in russia or germany , i would have known two ... 
  i dont know how could i put it more simply . 
  but i am not here to convince you or anyone , i want to hear the opposite pov and why do people think it is better . 
  unless you find it too emotional and want to laugh or ignore instead :-), 
  all similar languages have these shared words that have absolutely different meaning . 
  in pl - szukat means to search for , while it means to fuck in cz in si - kadit means to smoke , while it means to take a shit in cz and way more . . last weekend , ive heard some confussion between dutch and germans , wish i remembered it . 
  well cz and pl were enemies pretty much whole history , but that doesnt change anything about the topic . 
  or if you have meant that being part of germanic world ( or the west , as we call it today ) was much better than being part of slavic world for the past 70 years , then thats true as well , even tho emotions will tell you otherwise . 
  but i didnt come here to talk about myself , but to hear opinions of others , in this time of our pl brethren , to understand them more , thats all , no conflict needed . 
  i feel exactly the same ... except religion is absolutely not present here so we dont even know what that is about . 
  but family , friends , stability , security , economy , science , internet and beer is pretty much what i care about , not some ideals like nationalism , which doesnt really make sense to me . 
  it made sense to me in historical perspective as one of the means to get people together to get shit done ( just like religion , communism , rasism , ... ) but it is not needed anymore , at least for me . 
  thats why i am curious about others that dont feel that way and want to hear their opinions , because it is always more interesting to hear people of different opinions , than those who agree with you , thats boring :3, 
  you mean no-fly zone over libya ? 
  that was invasion ? 
  war among eu countries ? 
  i wont even bother telling you what war in eu means because you wouldnt get it anyway . 
  i doubt your education even reaches 5th grade . 
  btw i cease my case , you have won , congratulations !, 
  no we did not . 
  you learn new things everyday , dont you, 
  i am not proud of my language , because if i was speaking german like we did 200 years ago , it would have been way more useful than a language that is spoken among some 20 mil people at best . 
  culture is such a wide term , but i would say i dont like it either . 
  i dont like most of our entertainers , artists , typical food and peoples behaviour in general . 
  when i see someone who is truly proud to be a czech , he is in mostly an idiot who either fakes it or hates anyone that is different , which makes me hate the nation :-( . 
  if culture is actually something else , then i dont know . 
  in this sense , i really like east asian way of nationalism ( in general ) , as they are proud of their nations , but do not hate other influences , dont see themselves as superiour to others and think you should be proud of yourself as well and not hide it . 
  however , in recent years we can witness some european flavour of nationalism there , especially in china :-( but back to pl , thank you for your input , it really helps !, 
  rationally speaking , yes . 
  but you would be surprised how much brainwashing , propaganda and other forms of motivation can do with a human mind . 
  ideologies are really powerful in right hands . 
  thats why education is very important, 
  in case you dont know in which sub you are in , it is europe and yes , i called it the most developed part of the world . 
  yes , i have meant europe ( did i pass the shit test ? ), 
  and yes , wars made us realize that we dont want wars anymore i should try thinking to not use subjective terms like most developed ? 
  okay , do you like numbers ? 
  can you google ? 
  can you find some numbers for hdi or gdp/cap ? 
  i believe in you !, 
  if those arent objective enough for human welfare , then i dont think we can talk anymore :-(, 
  well going to pl would probably help with that , you dont have to go to polish internet to meet such people , 
  thats what i thought , but i put those two things together ( since its a part of `` the country '' to me ) , but you might see it as two separate things ? 
  how about the most developed part of the world ( in which sub you are currently in ) - no war for decades . 
  or a continent ruled by 20y olds and idiots ? 
  think before you come to extremist conclusions ( if you are capable ), 
  well , i for one think that war can be outdated , a part of history that can be overcome , if people want to . 
  we have done that in eu and if there wouldnt be external pressures , we would still keep it and prosper . 
  war brings unstability and a huge diceroll , in which you can lose too much and gain too little . 
  if you are in a risk of war , you cant plan ahead , you have to live in the present , which doesnt really lead to any development . 
  and much much more . 
  war is , however , a good thing in reducing the population ( usually the plebs ) , giving people a purpose , dealing with the problem in a short term ( while creating new huge ones ) , dillutes the bad blood and way more . 
  like everything in life , it has good and bad sides . 
  if you are better ( economically/living standards ) than your opponent , then the war is way worse for you as you can lose more and you tend to not want to engage . 
  if you are worse , then you got less to lose and tend to provoke it for more gains . 
  you can see many countries even today that try to escalate things instead of focusing on their domestic problems where people live in insane poverty , so they are left to worship their supreme leaders and hate external pseudo-enemies . 
  first time hearing that there is a pole that doesnt like his country . 
  `` whole '' eastern europe hates their government , some hate the country , but never poland ( or they have emigrated already , or plan to ) . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i dont think that all have said war is bad and i dont think ** most people ** think that war is bad . 
  they might say it , but when you provide a context , they will gladly support a war . 
  are you implying that people are not taught that today ? 
  yes , they do , because teachers from 20th century are still here . 
  i suppose it is of a lesser extent with no official support from the top ( at least in eu ) , but still , present . 
  if you lack nationalism in denmark and maybe few other countries , trust me , it is in the rest of the countries in the world . 
  and even in countries that act like they dont have it , look how people act ( vote/demonstrate ) and you will start swallowing the red pill : / not everyone has humanitarian education where they get taught universal values over nationalistic ones, 
  nope, 
  yea but eastern europe didnt experience this . 
  it was hardcore monarchies where we were ruled by germanic empires , then in 20s some wars against each other/post war period , in 30s crisis of globalism and hatred , 40s war , 50-60s poverty , executions , mass emigration ... 
  i do not see any cycles , i only see ton of shit that got worse the more we turned into conservatism as opposed to western liberalism . 
  which most people understood in 90s ( even if they dont realize it ) , but not in pl . 
  thats awesome and just proves the point -  once people meet what they fear , they realize it is not as bad as it seems . 
  there are always exceptions to everything related to human behaviour tho . 
  idiots come in all colours , shapes and sizes and some people will only realize it , when they see it . 
  only the idiots wont . 
  that rhetoric is common trend now , including us , but it doesnt influence young educated people that are usually liberal pro-globalisation , because in the age of internet and travelling , it is very easy to overcome stereotypes and find friends abroad that share your values , laugh at the same jokes and have similar struggles you try to overcome . 
  so my hypothesis is : the less you get in contact with different people , the more conservative you will become , because you are afraid of change and anything from the abroad . 
  but it is just a hypothesis and could be very wrong when it comes to our topic : youngsters in pl . 
  whether it is getting better or not , i have no idea ( but i wish you were right ) . 
  about lgbtq in cz : it is in really bad state and i dont see it improving , pretty much the same as in pl . 
  the only different region is the capital city , but it is most likely the same in all countries in the globalization era . 
  in prague , you get to meet muslims , blacks , asians , russians , americans , gays , ... and you will see that they all can be nice people as well as horrible people and there is no reason to hate them for their race/religion/orientation . 
  but when you go to countryside , you will see horrible racism , xenophobia and hate towards lgbt . 
  i am optimistic and hope that 20-40 years will fix most of it as people get to know those people are not worse than them , but maybe it was always like that and `` peasants '' lagged behind cities and will keep lagging in the future .
