  comparing a country that has 100 times smaller population ? 
  he literally and explicitly stated , that he is going to veto it . 
  now he did . 
  and you call it unexpected . 
  we use the term african american now , so please adjust, 
  fishy ? 
  i got an experience when people ( including this sub ) take this as racist/hatespeech/offensive and downvote to oblivion . 
  but i am on the boat with you with the hatred towards / s ( the current meaning isnt sarcasm , but `` dont take it seriously lol xd '' - which is sad ) . 
  i didnt expect to get over 10 updoots , so it has worked , and i only got 3 comments telling me i shouldnt do it . 
  if i didnt , then it would be probably + / - 20 at max and few comments telling me i am racist bigot who spreads stereotypes against muslims and other similar shit ( i get that a lot from trolling on other subs ) . 
  meh , writing this is like a therapy - it helps , even if nobody will read it . 
  from my experience , when you make a joke that , if misunderstood , is highly offensive/racist for western europeans , i get downvoted to oblivion . 
  trial and error :-), 
  doing gods work, 
  the p in peace is silent , just like the victims, 
  like lw\u00f2w, 
  you can identify as apache helicopter for what i care , but i certainly do not, 
  well , the western ( ex czech and ex polish part of ) ukraine is certainly more european than the rest , but its a minority . 
  nope . 
  are you south new zealander ? 
  if you think being asian more than european is mean , then sure . 
  if you are proud of what you are , whatever that is , then idk how can anyone be mean to you by calling you what you are :3, 
  since it is a relative term - who knows . 
  but in this topic , v4 countries certainly are . 
  its unimaginable in western eu and countries eastern to us dont care about gender equality at all . 
  so yep, 
  eastern european things , not western asian things, 
  uploaded an hour ago , yet over 90 comments and no upvote/downvote score . 
  well played reddit, 
  michael is jordan, 
  are you sure its saudi arabia and not jordan ? 
  * i love me some rational explanations * thank you !, 
  but i think this system is pretty common - its the same here in prague , people commute and pay taxes where their house is . 
  the companies pay taxes where they are located tho ( not sure whether state or local municipality ( in this case a part of a city ) earns them ) . 
  so i would imagine its the same everywhere . 
   i 'd rather keep my mouth shut than spout out nonsense , it 's embarrassing . 
   yet you didnt . 
   i did n't , what ? 
  reading comprehension , it can be tough . 
  yep , it can be really tough , you understand , yet you dont understand ( what the fuck ) . 
   you 've called belgium in its entirety uncivilized and a jungle based upon the inner city of brussels ( the bizarre and embarrassing part ) . 
  i have never called belgium in its entirety uncivilized or a jungle . 
  i suppose you should delete your comments out of embarassment because they make you look so damn stupid . 
  national government doesnt really bother with inner city of prague , its in competence of a city council . 
  there are no eu funds comming to prague as the region is above 100 % of eu average in gdp/capita . 
  are you stupid/uneducated angry moron or are you just trolling me on purpose ? 
  its amusing either way , but i cant really tell , you are quite convincing . 
  thank you very much , i wrote some places down and try to check them when i get an opportunity . 
  i come from a homogenous city where everyone is ( compared to brussels standards ) the same , so i felt the contrast way more than someone who lives there . 
  i mostly visited parc du cinquantenaire since it was just next to my place and leopold park ( they were quite fine ) . 
  yet you didnt . 
  and i have never said they are not . 
  i dont know whats bizzare , when you state the obvious . 
  your life must be really weird when you find out obvious stuff and call it bizzare . 
  i think you are one of those that have a quality of life way over what they actually deserve so they are astonished by poor conditions . 
  you should travel and appreciate ( or get disgusted by ) another way of life and then pick what you want . 
  even if you really adore that , you are not alone , there are plenty of people like that , but it does not belong to a ( european ) civilization . 
  behaving ( or as you call it - pretending ) is a part of a culture and you are supposed to be taught your whole life ( starting as a small kid ) . 
  only that way you can reach something more than fighting every single person you disagree with , stealing instead of working and murdering instead of having hobbies . 
  dont try to personalize this vs anyone or anything , its just a part of what defines a civilization . 
  send me some recommendations and when i get few hours free there , ill check them out !, 
  i am usually around schuman square , so something with good accesibility from that place would be welcomed . 
  they surely are not hiding anything . 
  thats the difference between jungle and civilization . 
  but any police force should be responsible for their turf , no matter whether its a quarter , city , county or a federal republic . 
  citizens should care about it and vote/pressure authorities that want to deal with this . 
  but maybe belgium ones do not , because of reasons that are hidden to me . 
  oh , and by that french , ive meant it not like wallonia , but like france ( paris ) , because their approach is very similar ( and if you wan na do something with it , you are forced to go for extremists like le pen , which is horrible ) . 
  no designated shitting streets ( yet ) or brown rivers ( yet ) . 
  but few trips via bus or metro , few walks around ( it was still quite a city centre , near eu institutions , not outskirts ) really made me feel uncomfortable . 
  the atmosphere to me felt similar to the one in jerusalem , except the magic . 
  few `` nobles '' ( white people - i know , racism ) that behave , and darker `` peasants '' making noise , misbehaving , dressed in / * censored * / running around doing nonsense ( even 70 + elders were like `` fuck the system '' ) . 
  but what will the booze and women do with all the money you give them ? 
  in a fuctioning country , a government/police/even army would do something about a quarter like that , but apparently not french ( belgium ) one . 
  `` let them live like they want to '' -  turning the city into richer middle-east pile of crap . 
  i dont know why citizens dont care about it ? 
  brussels is a horrible city , i hate going on work trips there . 
  its like a village that western europe decided to make a capital of , because it wouldnt become a better city than their own capitals . 
  population exploded , migrants exploded , ghettos exploded ( this one literally ) and the city is a mess . 
  is virgil somewhere there ? 
  call in devs , we need a balance patch !, 
  how about jane ? 
  marry me ? 
  but do you crossfit too ? 
  hey , i 'm vegan , 
  did asif break up with mudasir ? 
  you are, 
  * reeeeee *, 
  its very complicated , but to sum it up : * zeman had his election campaign directly funded by lukoil - russian state company . 
  his advisors do business with russians and chinesse so they want good relations with them . 
  as a part of eu and nato , we got lot of information about both blocs and they got access to it . 
  * as a country , we dont get anything from them , only the group of people around zeman get profit . 
  he is also willing to campaign against eu and nato ( he wants referendum for `` czexit '' ) which hurts our western allies and shifts the power more to the east . 
  again , we dont gain anything , only few people ( around zeman ) gain . 
  * his councellor ( right hand ) was found not trustworthy by czech secret service , so they can not give him security check ( access to secret documents ) - that means he has contacts with foreign spies . 
  and he still wasnt fired . 
  * some people want to participate with western structures and not eastern , just stay on good relations with them ( nobody wants escalation of a conflict ) . 
  zeman doesnt ( because he owes them for the money ) . 
  there is of course more and everything is way deeper , but that would be for a big ass article , 
  ohh , then it fits .
