  and last 2-3 years are proving me right . 
  we got ca\u0159ihrad  `` tzar 's castle '', 
  if the turk has no friend but the turk , maybe it is probl\u00e9m of the turk , not the international community ? 
  same goes for russians ... 
   fico is a social democrat ? 
  that 's something new . 
  yeah , he says that , of course . 
  yes  he is great rhetor as you say . 
  he fools many . 
  but what he does , he does for his pocket , his employer ( ever heard of gorilla ? 
  ) , his voting preferences and his image . 
  looks like he is hugely successful , if even in cz people think he does a good things . 
  people in cz dont care about him or anyone else . 
  if you think anyone in this world does something that doesnt profit him , then its time to grow up . 
   you know what almost happened with the courts in pl recently ? 
  there was a big outrage , protests , posts everywhere . 
  well , thing is that in slovakia , things are much worse with courts than in pl could be . 
  fico has his people everywhere . 
  courts , police , procurature . 
  nope  democracy of slovakia is on it 's knees . 
  he may not seem as a dictator to outside world like , for example , orban , but he definitely has grip on this country . 
  nope  i judge by his actions , not by his words . 
  majority of these actions/or inactions are harmful for slovakia . 
  nope, 
  because hundreds of reasons . 
  if you need few obvious points , look at political situation in ex-soviet satelites . 
  everywhere it is way worse . 
  people are stupid and want dictators . 
  the smarter ones want to prosper and have freedom . 
  he mixes both really well . 
  ive never said he isnt asshole , i dont know him personally so i cant tell . 
  my job is connected with politicians and it is their job to negotiate and lie ( not tell full truth ) if needed , so if you find one who will do so , does it make him an asshole , or a good leader ? 
  probably doesnt sound right but everyone with experience in this field will tell you the same, 
  wrong . 
  i am czech so i am better than anyone else by default, 
  i am sure you have seen in on tv , possibly read an article or two about him as well . 
  that doesnt mean you know him . 
  i am not saying he is a good person , i am not here to judge . 
  i just want some people to realize that the way someone is portrayed in the media is not as relevant as his actions . 
  he is a great rhetor and makes social democracy a thing ( which is insanely hard in eastern europe ) without being laughed at ( look at pl , cz , hu , ... ) . 
  he says lot of bullshit ( immigrants , greek crisis , russia , ukraine , and more ) - probably in order to get the votes of the people , but then he proceeds to do the right thing outside and inside his country . 
  you may not agree with his political ideology ( social democracy ) and its fine , but what he does makes sense on a practical level and helps more than it hurts . 
  that is way , way more than your neighbouring countries can offer at the moment . 
  all 4 of them . 
  first they had nothing to do with russia ( no russian army uniforms so who knows , right ? ) . 
  then they were russian volunteers ( just like chinesse volunteers during the korean war ) russia has nothing to do with . 
  then they were russian soldiers on vacation . 
  i am getting lost at how we call russian soldiers that are not officially recognized and are not officially enlisted in russian military budget . 
  my point has nothing to do with reservists or conscription laws ( which are still relevant to your point tho ) . 
  if you let me get into stereotypes a bit : germany is very strictly official and rules-based . 
  everyone knows their role and follows the laws . 
  including the army . 
  you are either a soldier or you are not . 
  but its not like that east to you ( excuse me , frenchies ) . 
  during the ww2 there were guerilla fighters almost everywhere ( my country included ) , especially in russia . 
  after the war , they were celebrated like heroes ( here included ) , until most of them were executed and removed from photographs , because `` we didnt fight for this shit , we fought for freedom , not another dictatorship '' . 
  if you take this into account ( as a slav , i am familiar with this mentality ) - the official numbers dont really mean shit in post-soviet sphere . 
  army included ( as we can see in the past 5 years ) . 
  `` ability to speak does not make you intelligent '' - jar jar binks `` being slovakian does not make educated on slovakian politics '' - burlaczech ( i tried , ok ? ), 
  memes aside , i attended [ descop conference ] ( https://www.vlada.cz/en/evropske-zalezitosti/aktualne/defence---security-conference-prague-156333/ ) where they went into `` details '' of what they plan to do in eu defensive aspects . 
  and guess what , a guy from slovakia said what their country wants to do . 
  but russia has quite a lot `` volunteers '' that took crimmea and fight in ukraine and syria . 
  we do n't . 
  the cooperation and equipment standards harmonisation is already underway , just google a bit . 
  this speech is just a reaction to the eu defense initiative . 
  unpopular opinion is unpopular . 
  * signs a deal to reduce army spending to 2 % gdp * reduces it way below 2 % gdp * complains about having to increase the budget to 2 % gdp how do we even breathe the same air ? 
  maybe you should read a bit more about the topic if you want to sound smart, 
  i assumed it was a good one , but i will stop . 
  because we are life-dependent on exports ( 30 % to germany , 80 % to eu and 65 % to eurozone ) - having same currency will help us so fucking much . 
  not to mention that if euro ( or germany ) crashes , we are dead anyway . 
  there are fuckton of reasons why euro , but for me personally , the travelling ( out or into the country ) , better comparison of prices , labour , statistics ... and more integration in the eu , which we desperately need . 
  the more integrated we are , the less likely we are going to suffer the same fate as pl or hu ( we already are , but to lesser extent and also nobody cares cuz we are small ) . 
  i assume i do, 
  still not getting baited , be less obvious next time, 
  will they learn tho ? 
  their fuckups are keeping my country from entering the eurozone , because we dont wan na pay for their mistakes . 
  i would trust an educated ( in this case , more experienced ) guy on the matters . 
  being a greek doesnt make you an expert on statistics . 
  to be honest , even greek statistians are lying on purpose ( there was a trial last week when their director sent correct data to eurostat , while politicians reported wrong ones and he got sued for that - come on ! ), 
  isnt that the whole idea of eu ? 
  fuck the nationalism and lets put smart people in charge instead , ignoring their nationality ? 
  not saying i am smart enough to be part of eu administration , but i did a lot with statistics during my internships and i can tell you that i know more than 99 % greeks ( czechs as well ) about the matter . 
  `` do you remember that czech guy who was believed more than a greek guy ? 
  yea , that time , the environmental crisis started '' said no one ever , except u/noimira57, 
  did you just assume your regrets ? 
  nobody says it makes a country richer or more developed or anything . 
  but the institution of minimum wage should have a meaning . 
  either remove it completely , or make it high enough so people can actually live off it without getting additional income . 
  did you just assume me checking your flair ? 
  do you think i objectified you ? 
  maybe you should study so you dont have to work for minimum wage ( applies to any country ) ? 
  i finished my university half a year ago and i am doing more than fine ... thanks to myself , i couldnt give a crap whether our minimum wage is 1 or 10 usd since it wont affect me . 
  on the other side , cz minimum wage is increasing yearly and it should be at least twice as high so you can actually live with an appartment and afford food , clothes , transport and culture . 
  howbout you try [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/data/database?node_code=earn_mw_cur ) , since your elstat is garbage and sues their own directors for reporting correct data to eurostat, 
  you cant . 
  who eats the rest ? 
  soldiers in syria ? 
  minimum wage is not really for people living in a big city, 
  and ur french,
