  fortune telling is just not the same as weather forecast . 
  jesus walking on the water is simply not the same as ship of the line . 
  second point was that eu focused on effectivity . 
  in order to move forward , you wouldnt put more people on it ( china ) , more slaves ( me ) but you make each person more effective ( tools - science ) . 
  another point was that because of nature - hills , forests , easy to defend smaller countries ( as opposed to russia , china , chaliphates , ... ) -  you can have competition and not one empire . 
  if something goes wrong in venice ( people ban books , tell you to burn ships ) you can move to france/genoa/rome and keep doing what you want to -  civilisation moves forward . 
  thats why reforms of religion happened , thats why culture , weath and science flourished . 
  because we were not dependent on one persons goodwill ( like in china , when one emperor ordered to burn all ships - that couldnt happen in eu , since merchants would just move to another country/city state ) . 
  i suppose [ this ] ( http://www.mpo.cz/kalendar.html ) and [ this ] ( http://www.businessinfo.cz/cs/online-nastroje/kalendar-akci.html?name=&amp;spheres=&amp;country=197&amp;industries=&amp;datefrom=22.03.2017&amp;type=&amp;region=1&amp;countrytarget=&amp;dateto= ) is as close as it gets when it comes to trade , try czechtrade as well . 
  as it is promoted mostly to stakeholders ( associations , political parties , unions , ... ) than regular public , because it can be costly and you dont want people that attend demonstrations to come there and talk shit , which doesnt really benefit anyone . 
  also not all events there are fully public . 
  we dont have anything scheduled for ttip or ceta right now as the negotiations for ttip are frozen because of trumps administration ( just like all negotiations involving usa ) and ceta right now is in parliament ( ratification process ) , there was a conference last week about it so i dont think we will see another one as there was nothing new , everyone who wants to know annything about it already does know . 
  but i could be wrong , maybe in next weeks , something will pop up . 
  if you want more about politics , i would suggest debates co-hosted by respekt , charles university or amo ( asociace pro mezin\u00e1rodn\u00ed ot\u00e1zky ) - they are pretty good when it comes to czech discussions . 
  they also invite foreign experts . 
  knihovna v\u00e1clava havla has some events too , but i dont have that good experience with it , since many trolls attend it and the quality quickly degrades . 
  but i could as well be just unlucky . 
  the probl\u00e9m with making information public , apart of what ive already mentioned , is also the competitive advantage . 
  foreign intelligence services spend fuckton of money just to get some inside info for a reason ( right now and here , it is mostly russian and chinesse - [ it is not a secret ] ( https://www.bis.cz/vyrocni-zprava890a.html?articleid=1104 ) . 
  but people also want info about state-owned companies to be made public ( like `` kauza registr '' from last month ) - which resulted in 50 % of companies being excluded from that law - for a good reason . 
  you just put those companies in disadvantage compared to their competition that do not have that red tape on them . 
  i understand the idea behind it ( less corruption space ) but damn , you are going to destroy them . 
  last week , someone wanted all employees of our ministry with phone numbers and email adress and office numbers , because we are state employees and should serve public ( and quoted some paragraphs ) . 
  if you want a specific employee for some reason , fine . 
  if you want whole ministry just for fun ( not to mention there is a contract for temelin right now and people that are responsible for it are not known for public , for a good reason . 
  make russians pay for that information :-) ) it is not good for anything . 
  would a normal person go into politics/become state employee if he had to share to public everything he has ? 
  where he spends money , how much he gets , who he meets , ... secret service should ( and does ) know about this for top politicians and people in power , but those info shouldnt be made public . 
  same goes for state deals , state safety , secret services , police , ... about the last paragraph - well , you just have to trust others , just like you trust your doctor , teacher , bus driver , guy that drives next to you , people walking by you at street , your cook , plumber , policemen , judge , ... thats how syst\u00e9m works . 
  you cant really travel by airplane and go to cockpit and tell the pilot how to pilot it properly . 
  he knows , he has experience and even if some planes crash , the landing wont be sweet or you encounter turbulences . 
  he knows what he is doing . 
  and doesnt talk about what he is doing , except some major changes ( fasten your seatbelt , we are gon na arrive , ... ) just like politicians ( should ) talk . 
  but they need to be re-elected , so they also talk bullshit to get votes , but thats part of democracy , learn to live with it , as you dont know and will not know everything about any issue , neither will i. 
  just trust them . 
  and when it becomes unbearable , people will always vote for someone else , or his own party will kick him out ( or their sponsors will ) . 
  just dont vote for people with simple solutions , cuz its never simple and they will always keep most of the information ( important parts ) hidden ( or they are clueless and dont even know it ) . 
  wall/open borders wont help . 
  leaving/entering eu wont help . 
  accepting/declining euro wont help . 
  it is never easy nor simple , it is just a part of a probl\u00e9m and it will either move you towards a better direction , or worse . 
  while i completely agree , i would still keep the positive attitude and expect the better of the person , before he proves me otherwise . 
  i had a really pessimist period when i pretty much took everyone for an idiot who wants to do harm ( and with that attitude , i wasnt wrong mostly ) - but it leads to the environment to react in a more negative way , which supports the pessimist view - a vicious circle , which only leads to depressions etc. 
  the point i try to make = dont expect people to be trolls/nazis / `` asking questions in bad faith '' , always expect them to just asking honestly without sarcasm and answer them as such , if you can , while not investing too much , in case they didnt mean it , so you wont get hurt ( what other probl\u00e9m could there be ) . 
  i tend to dig too deep into things and i suppose ive already said too much about it , so ill cut it here  economy is doing really great and the immigration is not really anything new ( the illegal immigration via italy and greece is kind of new because it was huge and there were few unfortunate sentences taken out of context ( our dispute could be one of the examples ) + huge propaganda machine from russia that has led to transforming this probl\u00e9m into a `` crisis that could end european civilization '' . 
  economy is great , numbers are great , people are still unhappy and always will be . 
  but stop giving them another reason to be ( i am white and i have a question about someone nonwhite - pls dont call me racist ) = normal people really hate these types and become extremist ( and majority as you can see in last years elections ) unless you stop with the cuckoldry . 
  we have every 14-28 days a conference where we inform public ( whoever comes ) about the latest ceta/ttip/other ftas developments . 
  70 % of cases , there are some pirates representatives that always ask stupid questions ( preceeded by 2-5 minute speech about how shitty the deal is ) that are just mind blowing - in the deal , there is nothing about what they were talking about ( they never read it , yet they know they hate it = plebs summed in a nutshell ) so you dont even know what to respond without making the person look like a retard . 
  they also want to make `` everything '' public without even realizing what would that mean and what problems will it cause and why the fuck are those information not public . 
  they do not know things but have opinions = thats what i hate about people in general . 
  i dont know shit about technical science , medicine , law , cars , whatever - i find a person who knows about it to help me . 
  when it comes to governing a state or foreign affairs , everyone is educated expert who read something and has opinion , and whoever studied the subject has `` useless school and belongs to mcdonald , cuz we need technical dudes '' . 
  every party has their interests , none is different . 
  just like every person has their own interests , just like each country has . 
  you are free to vote for whoever you want , nobody is flawless , nobody is one huge flaw . 
  there are just better alternatives ( well in cz it is almost impossible to find one ) and worse ones . 
  pirates might still be one of the better ones , considered they only have some experience in regions ( coalition with spd and communists lol ) and municipalities ( like prague ) . 
  i didnt really consider anyone worthy of my vote in the past 5 years , including presidential elections , so i am not the person who should give you advice on who to vote , because i simply can not decide myself . 
  i usually give a vote to random < 5 % party so they will be happy and get some money from it . 
  like in foreign policy , kdu , ano and top could be the right calls , while internally i really can not pick , they are all pretty much conservative national leftists , no liberal pro-eu progressive party that cares about real issues and not made up populist bullshit . 
  but it comes down to education of population , because government ( political parties ) reflect the population - our parties wouldnt be succesful in germany and vice versa . 
  plebs = peasants , villagers , the `` less you know the more vocal you are '' type of people . 
  people that shouldnt have voting rights , because they drag whole country down . 
  not every person is a pleb . 
  people that understand there are experts on certain issues , while others know more about other issues , are regular citizens to me . 
  during the history , plebs were servants to their masters and not vice versa ( unlike populists ) , while people in cities were the 3rd class - people that worked on their own for their own living . 
  that actually requires rational thinking . 
  being a servant/peasant doesnt , you just need to work hard and adore your master . 
  this mentality ( however it is denied ) still persists in 40-70 % of people - genetics ( nothing wrong or good about it , thats how it is , nature ) . 
  it could vary in each country , but i dont think it is below 60 % in cz , especially after the brain-drains in the past century . 
  yes , politicans can manipulate facts so it fits their narrative , just like anyone who wants to appel on other people . 
  there is nothing to be done about that , no way it can change . 
  it definitely wont change if you elect someone else , even tho people still think so . 
  you can not say everything you know , because it could hurt people/business/country interests . 
  even i know a lot ( from my pov , i suppose most people here know way more ) which would be sensations for newspapers and could do a lot of damage to certain people , or even hurt our country on international area . 
  just like you dont talk shit about your parents/kids to other people ( at least once you grow up ) . 
  and if you do , it is nothing serious or personal . 
  and if you do , then everyone knows that the person isnt alright and something is very very wrong . 
  i am really allergic to the `` why are whites wealthier than blacks , dont mean to be racist sorry '' - how the fuck is that racist , its a fact . 
  saying black people are not able to learn would be racist . 
  saying x people should not be able to vote/have bank account/enter x building/be a president is racist . 
  asking questions can not be racist , knowledge can not be racist . 
  people that dont think alike are exactly the reason the current populist right wing wave exists . 
  of course no system is perfect and everything in life ( including ideas ) has flaws . 
  but you should still be able to recognize if a or b is better for you , and in this case - european ( western ) is better , if you care for our values . 
  everyone always cares for their own interests , but those can be shared ( even if not 100 % ) . 
  and despite the effort russian side makes last 5 years , i think we still find the common ground in eu and want to cooperate further , because we all prosper from it ( including our neighbours , no matter what they say ) . 
  if you really care , then i recommend this book - https://fareedzakaria.com/2008/05/12/the-rise-of-the-rest/ ( its not full version , but you can find pdf somewhere ) it is from indian who emigrated to the us , he is amazing . 
  the book took me 2 days to read ( i could barely stop ) . 
  it explains how european civilization rose up when rest of the world stagnated ( last 500 years ) and how in the last 50 years the rest of the world is catching up . 
  really good piece . 
  ps : fuck you for mentioning racism in this sense , how the fuck is it racist , you are exactly the reason people vote trump and similar populists , when people are over-sensitive when it comes to certain topics . 
  yes , eu is the most developer part in the world and there is no fucking reason to be ashamed of it , nothing wrong about it ( wtf ? 
  well this grows bigger with every comment and i am partially responsible for it , so i will try to make it short this time . 
  history shows us what was , not what is or what could be . 
  i have stole money as a kid and i have not steal anything , not even a pen ever since . 
  germany did the most they could to overcome their history , japan did a lot as well . 
  history are just stories ( like mythology , religion ) that can be told for amusement , education ( learning from mistakes ) and going forward . 
  the context is so wide that nobody can fully comprehend it .
