  that is exactly the gap i am talking about . 
  it isnt true anywhere else ( and i studied some political systems in europe ) , at least to my knowledge . 
  so i am wondering why and nobody really knows . 
  the cutting point is around 1990 , people born after it are very patriotic conservatives ( and those that are not , pretty much left the country ) . 
  it must be something in the educational system ? 
  or what changed so much in the 90s that changed their mentality , compared to people born in 1980s and older ? 
  you think that pl young generation is not conservative towards lgbtq ? 
  i think they really are . 
  the protests against more strict abortion law were once again consisted more of middle-aged people than young students . 
  regarding populism , i dont think it is related to either liberalism or conservatism , since you can be a socialist/fascist/liberal / conservative/whatever populist , it is not really related . 
  populist just forms his opinions based on what the population thinks ( as opposed to what he thinks is right ) , so if the population wants to liberalize the economy , cut ties with russia , enter wto , imf , eu , ... their leader who makes such programme could be considered a populist . 
  well there is barely any * left * in pl , so it is not left ( socialism ) / right ( liberalism ) but more like conservative/liberal ( both being right winged ) . 
  but youth in general tends to be liberal while the older people get conservative , but it isnt the case in pl . 
  so i wonder what do people think causes it . \u00a8 ps : i dont mean it in a negative way , i am just curious, 
  but isnt it getting worse ( in this sense ) ? 
  young generation seems super hardcore conservative to me , while people in their 30-50s are more liberal . 
  you barely see young people protesting the conservative/nationalistic changes the government imposes , only people that experienced the communism . 
  thats a red flag for me . 
  but you could have better info than me , since i am only an outside spectator, 
  exactly . 
  it makes me feel good and bad at same time . 
  i swear he is the worst of all european leaders , but nobody gives a fuck because we are insignificant , which is a good thing ( i guess ? ) . 
  also his office is weaker than orbans , because he doesnt have a major party behind him , so nobody abroad cares . 
  if vegetarians love animals so much , why do they eat their food ? 
  ** ananas lives matter **, 
  * silently joins the kava club, 
  russians swap h for either x or g , so `` serbo-croatians '' always go for x and read it like h ? 
  so native croatian and serb can understand 99 % of what the other says ( just cant read it ) ? 
  ive read the wiki page , but ive always thought they are separated ( because of the written form ( alphabet ) ), 
  thats interesting and it feels good that we are different from other slavs even on the language basis . 
  we also have many words that have completely different meaning to other slavic languages ( sadly i only know some polish , russian , croatian and slovenian ) and serbo-croatian ( is it really different from croatian ? ), 
  is something i am not familiar with . 
  i will add grad - hrad difference to my vocabulary . 
  a ) this is exactly why you are not and will ever not be part of the west b ) i have read one thread and commented to what i pleased to , there doesnt seem to . 
  usually to people i agree with , to comments i felt like adding something and to people i disagree with . 
  c ) i was wrong when i thought you are one of the self-conscious turks , maybe you are not , maybe such turks dont exist on the internet . 
  nobody here talks about eastern europe , are you able to read and understand text ? 
  if you have nothing to comment and can not answer the questions , either do not respond , or respond `` i dont know '' or write some bullshit ( nvm you did ) . 
  the choice is yours . 
  lot of those `` forward french '' have online connection and speak english . 
  so i get to talk with them . 
  if you think conservative neo-nazis ( calling themselves protectors of european values or patriots ) are not present in the west , i really envy your simulacrum . 
  but hrad in the end is castle , not city in this case , something like burg in german at the end of a city name . 
  same like in petersburg ( petrohrad in my language ) and i believe it is the same in other slavic languages . 
  but rest of your post is relevant . 
  socio-politically , we are :( we used to be central europe ( mostly geographically and because of our connection to germany ) , but we tend to go to the east with current panslavism as opposed to liberal west . 
  it saddens me deeply , but thats the the reality . 
  our current society and politics are much more like eastern europeans , not western europeans . 
  source : watching the developments in the country in the last 5 years :(, 
  op didnt say it is wrong , he is just shocked . 
  cuz it is uncommon here . 
  so we all agree with each other . 
  lets touch with our dicks . 
  no homo . 
  unless you are into it too , then maybe . 
  lot of those `` old people '' are around 20y old . 
  source : i live in eastern europe, 
  such a great response , i think many people really overthink in these issues . 
  countries like usa , germany , uk never tried to find excuses , why something can not be done . 
  and they got shit done . 
  all other countries that i know of always keep finding reasons , why it cant be done and blame other countries . 
  we in eastern europe blame eu , germany , us , russia , greece , muslims , migrants , euro , soros , whatever , ... and wonder why we cant do as well as the west . 
  same applies to turkey . 
  why dont you stop hating eu for not accepting you and instead listening to what we have to say about why we cant accept you , so you can fix that ? 
  or even better , find it yourself and fix it ? 
  we got orban ( hun ) , zeman ( cze ) , dodon ( moldova ) , whole polish gov and president , radev ( blg ) , fico ( slovakian pm ) and we almost have le pen , wilders and god knows who in italy . 
  they are far from religious fanatics like erdogan or gullen , but for europe , they are quite anti liberal and pro-dictatorship ( each one in a different way ) . 
  and they all got elected while within eu ( except moldova ) . 
  you just dont know how eu works , or how leadership of a country works . 
  or how turkey works . 
  do you think authoritarian leaders go away because other leaders dont like them ? 
  do you know how elections work ? 
  how is turkey rich ? 
  if we tak\u00e9 it as european country , it is among the poorest ones . 
  it is above level of moldova because it has natural resources ( that it cant even use ) and because of great strategic location it conquered 500 years ago ( so it profits from trade ) . 
  if european country had these traits , it would be in top 5 for sure , because it would evolve from medieval age society . 
  if you think that membership in the eu will make your peasants liberal , you are wrong . 
  it doesnt work like that in poor countries . 
  liberal people are usually rich city citizens , which could apply to like 5 cities in turkey ? 
  thats not even 20 % of the population . 
  as long as the population stays uneducated , poor and muslim , there is no way to accept them into family ? 
  we can be friends , we can cooperate , trade and prosper together , but thats about it . 
  go grow up ( as a country ) and then become a real candidate . 
  turkey became real eu candidate because of erdogan and stopped being real eu candidate because of erdogan . 
  there is nobody else who really wanted it with any real power and there doesnt seem to be . 
  he is a putin-like dictator with above mentioned abuses of power and as long as people in tr consume it and stay happy , there will be no reforms . 
  people like you have to change the country . 
  we had totalitarian r\u00e9gime 30 years ago and students took it down . 
  similar events followed half of the europe . 
  would it work if tanks from the west came ? 
  hardly . 
  would it work , if people in the gov said : ok , no more bullshit , lets be rational , fuck communism/islam/conservatism / dictatorship/brainwashing and get to work to become eu members ? 
  go talk to like-minded people , go to villages , smaller cities and talk to people , educate them , debate . 
  if that wont work , then nothing will and you will stay in medieval forever . 
  could you elaborate more on `` germany didnt like us '' and `` us wanted germany to like us '' , because that sounds like something so far from reality it hurts me physically . 
  i would like to learn something new , so please , go on . 
  edit : and please dont forget to elaborate the `` you guys have been nice '', 
  and that is why there is no place for turkey in the west . 
  the cause for one and the effect for another , doesnt matter if the results are the same in both cases . 
  no sane man would invite 80 mil people that are so different to anyone in the community .
