  the more you know , the more you realize that you miss . 
  cliche , but true . 
  yes , world is safe and it doesnt matter , where you live . 
  if you dont know about what is going on , or what was going on , then it is just a lack of information , it doesnt change the fact . 
  fact . 
  it doesnt matter what you believe in , you live in a simulacrum . 
  what people in power believe in matters , not the rest . 
  ( sadly ) one of the weak points of democracy is the connection between plebs and elites and how easily ( quite obvious since 2012 when putin got elected , quite a coincidence ) they can be manipulated into believing in nonsense and taking it seriously ( migration crisis , greece crisis , terrorist crisis , muslim crisis - just to name a few issues in eu that are suddenly soooo important that everyone has opinion on it , when in reality , they barely matter . 
  they are problems that are being solved , but far from crisis -  just shows the simulacrum people live in . 
  and you can see the results in mentioned polls ( and sadly elections ) . 
  to keep it short - pirates are the worst after communists , when it comes to involvement with the government , or i think administration is the better meaning of the word , since it is wider . 
  whether you trust me or not is your call , you can either get into the structure and learn how it works and why ... or you can stay outside , read some paper/listen to a speaker and then hate on x ( insert ttip , ceta , cthh , i dont even know what else ) on every conference we have , get shut down with facts , leave sad , get motivated again with nonsense and repeat . 
  if you judge germany based on history , you are wrong , just like judging stocks based on history . 
  i have studied foreign affairs for 9 years and i dont think i can sum it on a page or two . 
  if you dont see 180 angle difference between 1940 and 2010 germany , then go check wikipedia or something . 
  same applies to japan . 
  if you dont see how russian goals didnt change , then i just hope you are not going to vote in elections ( cant hope for more , can i ) . 
  nobody wants you to love us , feel free to love or hate anything you want ( thats a western value ) . 
  knowing , how world works and why should be enough to appreciate ( love is emotional and can not be taught ) us . 
  keeping the world going , being the world policeman , keeping the world safe , keeping the economy goin and being its leader , being reponsible for the biggest human scientific advancements in whole history , overcomming the need to militarize , ... and hundreds more , these are just some simple statements that should be understandable for average 90 iq joe . 
  but trump is going to change a lot of things that were improtant for the us leading role , so maybe people will appreciate it when they realize they dont have it anymore , just like everything in life . 
  lets see how many of his promises is he going to fulfill and how good his advisors are . 
  so far , he already fucked up trade beyond fixing and china is taking over wto , which is horrible for whole eu , but average people do not care , because they wont feel it in next 5 years . 
  if you dislike government but like citizens = you already have russian herritage ( even if just psychologically ) , because that is exactly russian approach . 
  all russians want to live in the us , but still see it as enemy because they have been told so . 
  logic vs emotions . 
  you cant hate what you love = just hate the government , simple !, 
  it is like in your country , hate putin , but love people !, 
  except they actually support him . 
  same in czech , same in all countries that hate their governments . 
  you cant love people and not their government - you just dont know what the government does , so you cant rationally appreciate it . 
  i am the part of czech government and trust me , i know way more about many issues that are in media and they are all just tips of the iceberg ( it cant be otherwise ) , because a ) the info isnt public b ) journalists are stupid c ) you cant even make everything public d ) it is so complicated and most of it is boring and nobody would read it . 
  he has made just one mistake by trusting someone he should not . 
  he could as well murder all lannisters , but that wouldnt make him a good guy . 
  he was naive in believing that people believed in the kings letter i suppose . 
  i would be that naive too . 
  v is the only correct way to pronounce it as v ( same in english ) , w looks so damn aggressive and wrong and it is almost silent . 
  you read kurwa like kurva anyway , so spell it properly , damnit . 
  it should be evil , if you value western values , because it is openly against it = enemy . 
  if you tak\u00e9 it only from strategic pov ( like a board game ) , then we are equal and both parties want more power = both are evil for the other one . 
  if you look at it from random russian pov who never left the country , doesnt speak english and doesnt read anything non-russian , then we are evil and they are the ones protecting muscovy against foreign invaders their whole history , so they had to do the `` outpost '' strat\u00e9gy with cossacks and buffer zone ( puppet states ) tactic , which kind of led to huge expansions , because this has no ends and you always have to expand in order to survive . 
  thats why they are willing to use all means to secure ukraine , armenia , georgia , chechnya and previously afghanistan . 
  their ultimate goal is destabilized neighbourhood that will be dependent ( economically , politically , militarily ) on russia , which can in return control it and in case of foreign invasion , buy time and cost enemies resources . 
  this isnt effective , easy or cheap and can be only achieved via massive secret services , massive army budget , huge complex propaganda machine , religion and also undeniable ruler who can not have any opposition , because else the country would fall apart . 
  that is something i ( as central european and also pro-western oriented person ) can not accept and i perceive it as evil towards anything non-russian , as opposed to western pov ( which would at least tak\u00e9 another page , so i will stop it here ) . 
  i want to be a part of the cosmopolitan west , not part of russian empire that lives in poverty in fear of western diversionists . 
  we had it for 40 years , never forget . 
  in this discussion about ru-west confrontation , yes . 
  inb4 `` you ate the bait '' - do you realize that those people publicly supported terrorism and threatened western civilization , which makes us kind of involved , right ? 
  but that would tak\u00e9 some reading of materials written 10-20 years ago , before your easy-to-read media picked up the stories after shit hit the fan . 
  a ) yes , of course , that is the whole point . 
  if the ratio is 20:1 for good things , then you are a good person . 
  but only you know that , some could know only the bad thing , some will see it as 3:1 ratio , etc. 
  but the more you know about the topic ( education and interests once again ) , the more you can see into it and simple statements like the one few comments above will just grind my gears . 
  b ) as czech , if i see germany/us getting more tanks at our borders , i will be happy . 
  if i see russia , i will not . 
  some people do not see difference there , i do . 
  its not because last invasion here was made by russians , it is because of what i know about the countries and what their intentions are . 
  some people treat them equal and it is wrong and uneducated approach . 
  same like when it comes to our issue about us intsalled governments - la situation , eu situation , far east situation and middle-east situation - they are all very different and you just can not say `` us instals puppet governments '' - because it makes them look just like ru with better pr , just like the previous statement = and it is horribly wrong . 
  there are two ways of criticism = you can dislike something based on lot of information , or you can dislike something for the lack of information . 
  * if you dislike muslims because of tens of thousands people that kill civilians on purpose , then you lack information . 
  * if you hate us based on some act , president , speech , whatever , you lack information * if you think that ru is basicly poorer version of us with worse pr and bit less democratic , then you just lack information as a huge eu supporter , i see more flaws of the eu than its critics , yet i support it . 
  they lack lot of information and only see a tip of the iceberg and pick the angle they want to see it from and nitpick the bad things about it . 
  same could be said about brexit , trump , le penn and more and more . 
  '' ... implying every ... '' and you already know the answer . 
  yes , i am a good boy and yes , i have done bad things . 
  does that make me a bad boy no matter what ive done if ive made bad things ? 
  think about it . 
  you can still say a is better than b even if a makes mistakes , isnt perfect or is simply a better alternative to b , by an inch . 
  yes , for us in la mostly in 19 but also in 20 century , military dictatorships were better than communist regimes , guerillas , european colonies or uncooperative politicians . 
  he pretty much uses his wealth to support lot of non governmental organisations that promote liberal values , democracy , transparency , human rights etc. 
  ( western values ) . 
  he helped my country in transition to democracy by supporting disidents , because he believed his wealth can be used for a good thing . 
  after like 2012 ( when putin got elected for 3rd time ) , he suddenly became the most evil person in the world . 
  i only find it laughable and use it as a meme , whenever someone writes something so obviously stupid . 
  lowest karma comment , yet made me laugh . 
  get my upvote citizen, 
  if you seriously believe that democracy is just a totalitarian vasal state with better pr , then i would suggest to read a damn book or two , because this kind of stupidity really grinds my gears, 
  close all universities focused on middle-east , fire all middle-east experts , we have solved it . 
  ** the middle east is fucked up because of the us . 
  ** probl\u00e9m solved , move on citizens . 
  its not like middle east lags behind for 400 years ( before usa even existed ) , its not that their education is waaay behind europe , its not because there are dictatorships and theocracies , definitely not their economies dependency on tourism and natural resources export instead of industry , agriculture or services with value added . 
  absolutely not lower iq compared to their northern neighbours . 
  who would have even thought about high-tempered people ( also called hot blooded ) as opposed to rational europeans . 
  absolutely nothing to do with promotion of lying , cheating and racism as opposed to fact-based rationalism , post-war tolerance and cosmopolitan people in europe ( or if you want to call it the west ) . 
  yes , usa ruined middle east , even before it existed . 
  cia , freemasons , soros and ehhh , israel i guess ? 
  downvoted for the '' / s '' , kurva, 
  the longer you face evil , the more evil you become -  pretty much every fantasy lore ever . 
  the most evil persons had gone crazy from fighting evil and actually wanted to do good , but had to use evil means to reach their goals . 
  i believe it applies to the real world as well . 
  if you want to feel like a good guy and have the morality high ground , you simply can not do that , even if it is uneffective ( democracy is uneffective ) , you still have to fight for it and keep the principles . 
  else you are just another evil at same level as them . 
  i thought you are just trolling , but you delivered in such an obvious way , i became curious and looked at your nickname . 
  got my answer there . 
  way to go , get your tinfoil hat , grab ak and get out of non-vk social media cuz cia is looking for you . 
  not cia , i mean soros and rockefeller and other non-profit organisations . 
  because thanks to the technology - transport ( i can travel with barely any expenses ) and internet - i found out that i have more in common with people in different countries than in people from my own city where i grew up . 
  i can listen to music i like , not music thats played in my country .
